
@_date: 1996-05-07 04:47:16
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: L. Detweiler is a CyberAngel 
Is this stuff collected and published by LD himself, of is someone just fronting it?  The tone of the prose seems a little weird, but I wasn't on c'punks during his heyday, so I can't tell.  It seems a little too self-effacing at times for the style of a net.loon.

@_date: 1996-05-11 11:34:42
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Free demo disk of "distorted number" crypto 
I got a call from a group in Maryland called "Marketing Technologies,
Inc."  They are starting to distribute free demo copies of a new crypto
technology created by "Blackstar, Inc."  The crypto product, called
"Supercrypt," is based upon "distorted number generation."  This does not
appear to be the product sold under the same name by Computer Elektronik
Infosys.  Naturally, I enquired as to where the algorithms had been
published in the technical literature, but the sales rep indicated that,
while copyrighted, Blackstar does not yet hold a patent so they are
concerned about releasing the details.  She described the product as using
a "proprietary" algorithm. If you'd like to get a demo copy of the software, call Marketing Technologies at 301.588.1971.  You'll probably be speaking with Linda Greenwald, who's got _some_ information available, but not anything that's technical.  They are also offering a technical write-up via fax-back at Note that I'm not endorsing this product, I'm just relaying information that may be of interest.  If anything, you can get a copy of a new toy to muck with in your spare(?) time.  No, they are not yet on the Internet.
I'll relay my experiences with the product after I get it.

@_date: 1996-05-11 12:43:58
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Free demo disk of "distorted number" crypto 
Yeah, I know.  Mine went off when I got the voice mail.  But, I'll give 'em the benefit of the doubt (for the time being).  Apparently, Blackstar is one guy and he's been working on this for a couple of years.  He could be misguided or he could be the next Whitfield Diffie, who knows.  Crypto breakthroughs have to come from _someone_, and they aren't always necessarily the dudes in the think tanks and universities.  We'll see what shows up in the mail.

@_date: 1996-05-14 08:32:03
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Free demo disk of "distorted number" crypto 
I just checked it.  It's working.  It answered with the "menu" after two Anyone else try using this thing?

@_date: 1996-05-14 15:35:44
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
I think most privacy advocates would advise, "Refuse to submit."  It sounds like you're looking for more of a hack on the fingerprinting process.
Normally, you're not going to be allowed to manipulate the card yourself. You're going to have to be printed by a "tech" (read: trusted by big
brother) who's going to ensure that those prints are really yours.  Sort
of like a key certificate.  If you really can dork the card, have ten
different people volunteer one print each.  There's no way that they'll
ever be able to use that as evidence in a court or for any other purpose,
Another fun thing to do is to use prints from dead people.  A
friend who works in a hospital can help.  Medical students can sometimes
get access to dead bodies, but many used for teaching purposes (the
bodies, not the students) already have the skin removed, thus they have no
prints.  Best to examine those dead digits yourself before sneaking in the
card and ink.  I also understand that taking prints from a corpse can be difficult, so plan on having a friend help or on having some rigging equipment to get the appropriate positioning for the body.  Pre-detached or detachable limbs would be helpful. If you're forced to do this in person with a tech, you can continuously "fight" the grip they have on your hand and smudge the card.  However, they'll not submit the card until the prints are "good," so this sort of betrays your intent of at least appearing to cooperate with them.  In the law enforcement community, they are taught how to take prints by force but it's unlikely that your tech will attempt any such technique.
You can mutilate the tips of your fingers so that prints cannot be acquired, but this hurts.  Badly.
You could get some false latex coverings for your finger tips, but they'd have to be damn good to fool a tech.  Likely to cost big bucks, too.
I know of no chemical or physical "pre-treatment" that can be used to hack the ink transference process.  Perhaps one of the chemists here on the list might know of some good technique.
If you want professional help, I've heard talk of a fingerprint expert in
California who offers expert testimony in courts, and so forth.  His name
is Greg Moore.  He is, however, a retired cop.  I do not know how willing
he'd be to give you expert advice on hacking a fingerprint card, but it's
worth a try.  He would most likely at least answer some questions about the fingerprinting process, depending upon how pleading and helpless you can sound.  You can reach him at gmoore  He may be willing to help you for free, or perhaps for a fee.

@_date: 1996-05-15 13:08:02
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Fingerprinting annoyance 
I think the assertion that Tim is making in regard to an "employer" in the
traditional work-at-will sense is correct, but it's not the one I was
addressing.  If an employer seeks prints and you don't want to give them,
then don't work there.  If, however, the point of gathering the prints is
to record them in the FBI's database, and Senator Exon is worried about
later committing a crime and having print records used to identify him, then using the prints of ten different people will muck up such a process. Senator Exon did not fully explain the situation as to whether or not the certification sought will result in fingerprints simply being _checked_, or if they will be _recorded_ for later use, nor did he specify to which outcome he objects, if not both.
I think it comes from some of the statutes being placed on employers.  The citizens have repeatedly used the legal machine to force employers to have to compete is less than a pure, capitalistic environment.  Monitoring employees is one area that's caused some states to pass laws regulating this notion - they have rejected the "if you don't like it, don't take the job" premise you've stated here.  Likewise, the minimum wage is a similar legislative action we've taken to stop employers from using a "if you won't work under these conditions, you don't have a job" requisite.  The "pure" capitalistic approach would be "if you won't work for $1.00 per hour, take a hike up the street."  We've said that this is illegal (at least in most cases), and we force employers to pay every employee at least some arbitrary sum greater than than amount.  Thus, the meme may be the simple extrapolation of these ideals into areas over which they do not yet have legal impact.
Unless they want you badly enough.  I've been able to avoid a number of situations because it was not cost effective for them to secure the services of someone less qualified.  Policy is great until it gets in the way of people making money - almost anything can be "waived" if they want you to help them make money, and their greed outweighs their sense of duty to comply with a given so-called "security" policy.

@_date: 1996-05-15 11:27:14
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: More involuntary c'punk subscriptions on the way? 
In the May '96 issue of Computer Security Alert, Padgett Peterson provides an explanation of how mail bombing is done.  It's on page 3 under the "E-mail Security" column with the headline "Mad Bombers on the Net."  In the article, Padgett explains the three "stages" of mail bombing:  First is to send ungodly amounts of mail from you to the target, the next is to post something offensive under a forged ID to one or more of the "less ruly" [his words] USENET groups, such as alt.2600 or alt.tasteless [his citations], and the third is to subscribe people to mailing lists against their will using forged e-mail.
Naturally, Padgett (bless his twisted little mind) indicates that the most severe results can be achieved by sending forged subscription requests to "the larger listservers such as cypherpunks", that generate in excess of a hundred messages a day.
Since hackers and wannabes probably read INFOSEC publications with more zeal than do INFOSEC practitioners, I'd say we're likely to be in for even more of the "I don't want to be on this list" sorts of traffic.
And Padgett, next time you get interviewed on mail bombing by the press, why don't you point them to "The KISS Army Mailing List," or something of that sort?

@_date: 1996-05-24 09:21:49
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
So, what's your point other than:
a)  You figured out how to use the "shift-6" on your keyboard, and
b)  You can remove the "from" header in your e-mail
Are we supposed to be impressed?

@_date: 1996-06-05 05:17:31
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Sheesh!  Come up with a better backwards/upside-down spelling of "elite," will ya?  "31173" is pretty lame (as, it would seem, are you), considering
you ought to be able to use extended and international character sets.....

@_date: 1996-06-21 09:01:44
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: This might be interesting... 
Mmmmm.  Mmmmm.  Mmmmmm.  Looks pretty tasty.  Those boys and girls at BMH
obviously have fun jobs. Anyone have a password for this site?  The links look cool, but you can't
get at 'em without a password or a hack...

@_date: 1996-06-29 10:03:29
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: MS-Mail Security 
We have worked extensively with MS Mail and providing integrated crypto
features for the product.  The native security on the files is provided in
two ways:  1)  The usually poor MS "scrambling" (it's not really crypto),
and 2) The discretionary access controls (DAC) of the OS.  Since only NT
has decent DAC (which only works at a C2 level of trust when it's not on a
network), my opinion of the risk level would be "VERY HIGH" against
threats of repudiation, loss of confidentiality, loss of availability, and
loss of integrity. Further, the I&A mechanisms in everything other than a stand-alone NT
environment are inadequate for any real proof of identity.  They most
certainly can't offer anything close to a real non-repudiation solution.
Forging a "from" header into the database is, I would contend, fairly
simple.  Reading someone else's mail is a bit harder, but not incredibly
difficult.  If traditional hacking doesn't work, building a hacking tool
using MAPI (widely available API to the mail subsystem) would be fairly
straight-forward (Hmmmmm - Summer vacation programming project???).

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:47:10
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: FTS2000 and Encryption? 
The current FTS2000 contains little in the way of protection other than
the proprietary standards undertaken by the vendors (mostly OPSEC and
PHYSEC), and the "customer"  level crypto that's operated above the layers
provided by the FTS2000 networks. In the FTS2000 follow-on contract, however, things are going to change. The Govvies are mandating compliance with a security policy (wow - that's
an incredible change) and network management traffic has to be protected. Further, overhead and orderwire bytes, etc., will also have to be
protected.  The Government isn't mandating how, but the bidding vendors
are expected to propose solutions.  Further, there are going to be some
standards for points of demarcation between adjacent networks.  The
security policy and RFP materials are on the 'net (I can't get to the web
right now, or I'd post the URL with this message).  From what I remember,
the RFP does state that all payload data will be encrypted by the
Government using NSA-approved crypto and that the vendors are not to
"worry about" what's in the payloads.  All they have to do is carry it
from point a to point b.
I imagine that we'll see contining developments in the STU-III area (the
most popular crypto phone in Government use), as well as new devices
supporting Type I and Type II crypto for use on the FTS2000 nets.

@_date: 1996-07-01 15:47:15
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: crypto and bagpipes [NOISE] 
I understand that, even now, the Government is testing nuclear powered
bagpipes (NPB's), unmanned ariel bagpipes (UAB's), and highly classified
inter-continental bagpipe delivery systems (IBDS's).
Can this be the end of civilization as we know it?

@_date: 1996-07-02 03:21:51
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: FTS2000 Security Info and RFP 
The URL's for FTS2000 RFP, Security Policy data, and assorted sundries (the official government stuff)
(This appears to be an MCI server and I don't know if they know that this
stuff is online)

@_date: 1996-07-04 07:55:02
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: PGP, Inc. indeed has purchased ViaCrypt and Lemcom Systems 
In case you've not seen the press release, it's at
This brings "back home" the license that Phil granted for the commercial
sales of PGP.  While PGP, Inc., has a web page ( it, uh,
doesn't really have anything on it.  I guess they're busy doing a make on
PGPfone, or designing a new box for ViaCrypt software.  :)

@_date: 1996-07-10 03:19:35
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: FUD-Con V: DC 
I'm running one of the panels at this conference, and it's exactly these
issues that I, too, was wondering about.  I've got the head of INFOSEC for
FEMA and a National Planning Associate for the American Redcross on the
panel with me. These are the guys who DO the stuff you're talking about -
making sure that we can survive a hurricane, etc., with the minimal
damage.  In working with them on the INFOWAR issues, I don't think that
anyone's going to be really pleased with what they have to say.  Expecting
FEMA to be covering national INFOSEC disasters would be logical, but I
don't know if anyone mentioned it to _them_. And, if you think the DoD *ISN'T* involved in emergency management, you're
wrong.  I was very surprised, when working with the American Redcross
National HQ on this conference, how much classified information the
Redcross handles, and how tightly integrated they are with DoD 'liason'
offices.  And if Dole wins (God forbid), just wait and see what happens.

@_date: 1996-07-10 10:33:29
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Put Uncle Sam in your Calling Circle 
THE QUESTION THAT (therefore) BEGS TO BE ASKED:
How can all the rest of us get copies, or are you just rubbing our
collective noses in the "I got one and you don't" dirt?  :)

@_date: 1996-07-14 04:51:39
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Internet Relay Chat 
Try it and find out.  Please let us know how it goes.  BTW, when..., uh, I
mean, "if" you get busted, please don't hesitate to call upon the
Cypherpunks Prisoner Dialogue and Support Service.  It's a little
something we've set up here at c'punks for folks just like yourselves whom
we are loathe to see imprisoned for something so trite as stealing ops on
public communications channels, reading/changing private communications
(yes, IRC can go 'private'), and forging other people's IDs.  We supply
underwear, cigarettes, and rubbers (never know when you're gonna become
someone's 'boy', now do ya?) as well as pen-pals from around the country.
Enjoy your IRC hacking experience!

@_date: 1996-07-16 13:47:47
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Can't block caller ID in Massachusetts? 
Well put.  I guess a lot of folks forget the basic premise of an 800 call.
It's a non-operator assisted collect call and, _yes_, the calling party
should know who's calling so they can decide if they want to take the call
(yes, there are "out of service area" screening services already
available for inbound 800 numbers). HOWEVER, ANI is available to anyone who wants to pay for it, not just
those folks with inbound 800 service.  Thus, I'd contend that there should
be ANI blocking services, but that they should not be used against 800
numbers.  This lack of anonymity via the phone service presents a
disturbing precedent in terms of it being used as model for the Internet,
particularly once "pay for it" services become more common.

@_date: 1996-07-16 14:01:11
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Opiated file systems 
Hey, DM, don't laugh.  I've gotten such requests before about crypto
subsystems, including tokens with "protected" keys onboard.  The idea is
that there's a "duress key" or a "panic key" that, when entered, fools
someone into thinking the process is working but, in fact, it's not
working at all and it usually is doing something else (like scrubbing the
hard disk, scrubbing the key PROM, or calling the police).
I've worked at sites that have their electronic door locks rigged the same
say.  The way it works is, let's say a terrorist has a gun to your head
and demands, "let me in the door or I'll blow your head off."  Naturally,
the Government doesn't want you to have to choose between dying and giving
out the cypher lock combination (guess which one people choose in blind
testing?), so you put in the "duress code."  The door unlocks so the
terrorist thinks that all is well.  However, the alarm just went off over
at the security substation and, in about two minutes, a heavily armed SWAT
team will be arriving. Same for cypto keys, but with a different "payload" if the duress key is
used.  The data either gets "nuked" (Gosh, Mr. FBI Agent, I *thought* that
was the right crypto key - sorry about destroying the hard disk), the keys
disappear (damn! my fortezza card just zeroized again!), or the data
appears to "decrypt" but it's actually phoney data that's been hidden
somewhere or is 'hard-coded' into the program handling the duress key. The payload of getting false data out of a crypto algorithm, such that the
data looks "real", when a duress key is input to the algorithm is not
something that I've seen approached in any reasonable manner.  Probably
because it's just too damn hard and the notion of "real looking" data is a
little hard to define scientifically.  A combination stego/crypto solution
may be more appropriate, but close examination of the box is going to
reveal what happened (assuming the desired solution must withstand some
protracted forensics?).  The nuke_the_data or nuke_the_keys solutions are
easier to do, and have been implemented in several situations of which I
am aware.

@_date: 1996-07-16 13:57:34
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Further Trends in Key Escrow? 
Many phone calls are recorded already, not under the premise of law
enforcement (or some sort of legal regulation), but under the notion of
quality assurance.
At what point does QA become "call escrowing" and does the SEC's
regulatory powers make it so it can't "escrow" calls for quality assurance
purposes?  If Merril Lynch decides to record calls for QA purposes, can
the SEC subpeona those "records" if it suspects illegal activity?  If
everyone's willing to patronize those businesses that record calls for
"QA" purposes (I tried not to and then gave up since nobody else seemed to
give a shit), will the SEC's quality assurance efforts be met with the
same lack of care by the consumers?  Or maybe they'll actually *LIKE* it.

@_date: 1996-07-16 15:31:11
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Sternlight on C'punks 
Geezzzz, here we go....
One of the blessings of c'punks was that it was not 'worthy' of the time
of several professional flame-baiters who are fairly well-known on the
'Net, in particular, David Sternlight.  Now, however, that seems to have
changed.  If everyone thought things were weird around here with
Detweiler, just wait until you see DS's stuff....
Aside from the now-infamous "Who is David Sternlight, REALLY?" and "Who
does Sternlight REALLY work for" multi-generational, gigabyte-consuming,
bandwidth-devastating threads [search usenet archives for several YEARS
worth of traffic on these subjects] that have already graced the Internet
(note that Sternlight actually had his OWN usenet newsgroup), there's the
fear that DS will start a flame thrower exchange with anyone, regardless
of topic.  AND, he'll keep posting about it.  Relentlessly. After seeing what happened to sci.crypt (it was essentially wrecked for
anyone without killfile capability), I'd caution the c'punkers
(particularly the more vocal ones) to NOT TAKE THE BAIT.  It's only
natural that Perry, Jim, and the others be the first to take exception
to DS's stuff.  It's probably only going to get worse as DS is the
consummate flame king and he is at least as relentless as Detweiler.
God bless 'em, but it's time to add another line to the c'punks net.loon
warning file.

@_date: 1996-07-18 00:07:10
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Opiated file systems 
One problem, however, would be how to keep the "decoy" data, accessible
with only the ambush key, "fresh" in that it must undergo a certain amount
turbulence to appear real.  The two file systems would essentially have to
mirror each other, one with the juicy bits and one with the decoy bits.
It would seem to be practically impossible to just build two file systems
as one would 'disappear' when only the ambush key was used.  Wouldn't it
be sort of obvious that something was wrong if half the disk vanished?
It's not odd at all.  That account is, indeed, on the NSA's unclassified
system.  In my work, I sometimes support vendors taking products through
the NCSC evaluation cycle.  The dockmaster box is the place where the EPL
records and other vendor materials are exchanged and/or published.
Dockmaster accounts are available for anyone who works in the INFOSEC
field, including private individuals.  Quite honestly, it's of little use
(the OS sucks) unless you need up to the minute EPL and/or common criteria
stuff, etc.

@_date: 1996-07-19 07:02:41
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: spam suckers (was Re: Chancellor Group....) 
The Oracle of the Internet (and other sources) report that:
The spam is coming from Financial Connections, Inc.
Their smail address is:
   2508 5th Avenue, Suite 104
   Seattle, Washington 98121
Their SA is Robert (Bob) Williams.  His voice mail box, available at
206.269.0846, is full right now but get those war-dialers ready just in
Also, his e-mail address is "dyno  It's not known if he
has any anti-mailbomb fixtures (yet) in place at this time.

@_date: 1996-07-24 10:50:17
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Distributed DES crack 
Matt, can you give us an idea of the cost of a "modest size machine" might
be?  Is this something we can do with a C'punks bake sale or our we going
to need corporate/academic support?  Also, if we do use the bake sale
approach, is there some way the money can be collected and routed into an
R&D sort of facility without causing a lot of stink with whomever actually
runs the place, like a university?

@_date: 1996-07-25 06:54:57
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Question 
Man, this is strange.  I think C'punks just got time warped by Agents of
the Evil Empire or somethin'.  pjn wrote on 23 July 96, but Damien Lucifer
replied to it on 4 Sep, 1989!  Wow!  Somebody better call Special Agent

@_date: 1996-07-31 08:35:34
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: mailing list 
No, no, no.... The correct question is, "Are you a good witch, or a bad witch?"
(remember, house dropping on GAK policy wonks counts for five extra bonus

@_date: 1996-08-15 03:04:22
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Citation for NSA Type III & IV Crypto products 
Most who are familiar with the Fed's crypto products are aware that the
NSA categorizes crypto products by "type."  Type I is specified as being
for classified protections (and relying upon classified key) and Type II
being for SBU/other (with unclassified-only key).  I recall, however, that
there were also categories called Type III and Type IV.  I think that Type
III had to do with industry use, with Government-generated key.  Type IV I
can't recall at all.  Now, I can't find the citation where these things
were described.  The EPL cites only Type I & II, Dockmaster has proven of
no use, and the search engines can't find anything on the Net. Does anyone recall where a discussion of these types can be found?

@_date: 1996-08-20 10:33:45
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Naked woman decapitates man on Internet!!! 
Yes, it's true.  Her boyfriend kills the guy while she's
giving him a blow job.  Then they "get naked," hack up the body, and pose
various body parts in, uh, 'interesting' positions.  The whole story's on
the Web site.  Check them out at:
The web site is the Gallery of the Grotesque.  The "exhibit" you're
looking for is the "Natural Born Losers" section.  Other sections are also
fascinating if you like this sort of stuff.

@_date: 1996-08-23 07:05:56
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: [NOISE] Mysterious Numbers in Hacked DOJ Pages 
This should be good for a conspiracy thread or two:
I've noticed that nobody seems to be taking credit for the DOJ hack.  In
studying the hacked page (I thought maybe they'd leave a clue as to who
they were), I noticed that on the top right corner of the page, there are
two sets of numbers.  The first says "1020" and the second says "757." The are stored in the same .JPG file, 1020757.jpg.  In poking around the
HTML source, the following appears in the source code, but not on the
actual page when it's in a browser (HTML source comments): Note that this time, the numbers are in the reverse order.  (Also note
that 202.757.1020 does not appear to be the DOJ phone number - I tried). For all I know, these numbers are relevant to the CDA or some other
legal/legislative source.  Or maybe I'm missing something really
Anyone have any insight into what the numbers actually mean?  Could there
be some crypto (key?) relevance here that we're missing?

@_date: 1996-08-27 10:07:33
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Cypherpunks at InfowarCon '96 
There've been a couple of posts mentioning that there will be a Cypherpunk
presence at InfowarCon '96.  Besides the more public figures (Eric
Hughes and Phil Zimmermann, among them), I'm sure that the audience will
have a fair number of list participants in attendance.  If anyone wants to
say "howdy" or swap key fingerprints, I'll be there both days and for the
reception on the 4th.  I'm the panel moderator for "B1 -
Emergency/Disaster Planning for the Effects of Information Warfare" affair
on the 5th (stop by if you want to see FEMA and the Red Cross go at it).
If you're at the "schmooze and booze" reception on the evening of the
fourth, please come up and introduce yourself.  I'll be the guy who's
6'2", 200lbs, shoulder-length brown hair in a red bandanna headband, full
beard, jeans, boots, and my leather biker vest.  I should be fairly easy
to spot :)

@_date: 1996-08-28 06:51:55
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Code Review Guidelines (draft) 
Sorry.  I missed your first post.
The Security Engineering CMM effort has also been looking at methods that
are used to create assurances in trusted systems/components/products.  One
of these is, of course, code examination and quality reviews.  You may
want to check out what they've done.  There are not necessarily "steps" to
be followed, but rather how the PA (process area) relates to the ability
of an organization to perform security engineering (i.e., it's maturity).
I haven't been in the PA's for awhile, but there *may* be something there
that you can use.
GRCI sits on both the authoring group and the steering committee for the
SSE CMM.  If you need more info, let me know and I'll hook you up with
someone.  The group is always looking for someone to test the
implementation of the security engineering CMM products through pilot
Point your browser at and then rummage.  There's stuff buried all over the server, but you
probably will be most interested in the peer review, security
vulnerability analysis, and quality management portions.  As I recall (I
can't get to the site right now), a lot of stuff is in RTF and not HTML,
so you may have to DL it instead of look at it online.

@_date: 1996-09-12 02:59:50
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Hacking Mobil Telephone System ? 
While there's dubious wisdom in trying to tell Der Polizei, "I was just
responding to an authorization that I found on the Internet that says it's
OK to phreak your phones - honest," I'd also expect to get paid a hell of
a lot more than $65 for doing a penetration test on their network.  Sixty
five bucks won't even pay the per diem, none the less a reasonable wage.
And Der Polizei is *NOT* known for having a sense of humor about anything,
at any time, with anyone.  Remember, kids, they may look like shit in
uniform, but those automatic weapons they carry are real, so's the ammo,
and they know how to use both of 'em.
And *I'll* decide if and when I want to give it to charity, just like I do
with the rest of my salary, thank you....

@_date: 1996-09-12 09:31:03
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Hacking Mobil Telephone System ? 
Ok, Juri - you win the award of having been the FIRST of the 875,00
(actually, 27 - count 'em, 27) people who sent me mail to say that in
Europe they use a comma, not a period, for their decimal point.  Sorry to
all of the rest of you who entered the contest, but you don't win squat.
Juri, you don't win squat either, but you do get this nifty little
proclamation that you were the very first.
After having traveled in Europe, I was certainly familiar with the
difference in the notation.  You also think, however, that I would have
paid more attention to what the hell I was reading before I shot off my
mouth (via my keyboard), but I didn't.  I think this is called a "brain
fart" (note to our European brothers and sisters - over there, I think you
call it a "mental fugue" or "Parliamentary election," I'm nor sure which).
This concludes our contest of the day.  I would like to thank EACH and
EVERY one of you who contributed an entry.  No further submissions will be
accepted.  Void where prohibited.
BTW, $65,000.00 USD (translate per local convention as necessary) is
*STILL* not enough to a) go up against the German police, and b) fund a
penetration attack that would bring about the opportunity to play with
really cool toys.  After all, screw the profit or charity, right?  When
it's all said and done, IT'S THE TOYS THAT REALLY MATTER.

@_date: 1996-10-10 16:41:56
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: LET'S MEET DIMITRI 
It's strange that all this stuff with Dimitri has reached the level that
it has.  I don't know how many CPers finally made it for INFOWARCON in DC
last month, but I was pleasantly surprised to find that, in addition to
myself, there were several others, including Dimitri.  In fact, Dimitri
and I sat together with Eric Hughes and a couple of other list members
during lunch one day.
I am afraid that, for those of you who do not know him and are expecting
some ranting tyrant, you're going to be rather disappointed.  He was
soft-spoken, almost difficult to hear, sometimes, it seemed, even rather
shy.  He made numerous insightful comments on any number of topics, was a
pleasant conversationalist, and, in fact, acted like a gentleman in ever
instance when I saw or spoke with him.  To meet him solely in person,
you'd be impressed with his obviously diverse education and background,
and rather quiet disposition.  As anti-climactic as it may be, he was actually a nice, unassuming fellow with a sense of humor and a
pleasant demeanor.  Hell, he even had decent table manners.
Which is why, for the life of me, I can't understand how all these
postings from him are coming from the same human being.  The man I met
seemed incapable of such rage, bitterness and utter detestation.  It's as
much Jekyll/Hyde as I've ever seen between on and off line personas.
Oh, well - maybe there really _are_ that many people for whom life on the
screen is lived through some distortion or parallel of who and what they
are.  I like the realspace Dimitri much better, and I certainly don't want
to dissuade anyone from contributing, nor would I seek to scuttle a free
trip to S.F for Dimitri, but some mysteries are best left undiscovered. If
it's high-stakes entertainment you seek, you may find that you prefer the
character to the actor.

@_date: 1996-10-15 16:18:30
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto: Systems & Application Developers Wanted 
Uh, excuse me, but doesn't SPYRUS in fact market a Fortezza card?  The
very same card being used by the Evil Empire to spread diseased and impure
so-called "cryptography" (with GAK permanently embedded into it) to the
uninformed minions?  And, in participating in this rape of society, are
you nor profiting from the very thing that many of us find so repulsive?
It seems that you've fully cooperated with the GAK ideology (see
 even though it is understood to be
contraindicated in a free and open society. Before you go spamming mailing lists again trolling for people with no
scruples who'll whore themselves out to help you fuck over the American
people, you might get enough of a clue to know where you're posting.
For whomever is undertaking the SPYRUS infiltration task, you know what to

@_date: 1996-10-15 16:41:04
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Royalties 
You cannot commercialize PGP whether you pay Ascom-Tech any royalties or
not.  Phil Zimmermann grated an exclusive license to ViaCrypt, Inc. a
number of years ago to be the sole commercial version of PGP.  In the mean
time, PGP Inc. was formed and has acquired ViaCrypt.  Thus, PGP Inc. now
holds the exclusive license on commercial PGP products.  Just by chance,
Phil Zimmermann is the CEO of PGP Inc. If you bundle ViaCrypt/PGP's commercial offering into a "suite" of some
sort, you needn't worry about the license fee as ViaCrypt's stuff is not
covered by Ascom-Tech's license arrangement.  You would, however, have to
get ViaCrypt's permission *and*, I think, if you were to ever get an
export capability to Europe, you'd then be liable for the license fee.
If you're just interested in packaging IDEA into something, you can
contact the owners at:
Ascom Tech LTD
Morgenstrasse 129
CH-3018 Bern
Phone: +41 31 999 42 63
Fax: +41 31 999 36 07

@_date: 1996-10-15 16:44:55
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Sameer should sue the SPA 
The SPA isn't going to go after pirate sites because they're operated by
kids in basements who've got no money.  C2 has money.  The SPA likes
money.  SPA sues C2.  (I'm sure there's some formal sentential logic that
someone can post that will state this in even more succinct terms.)
The SPA doesn't care about what's right or what's wrong, or what's legal
or what isn't.  It wants money and it must not be getting enough from its
member organizations, so it's time for a few law suits.

@_date: 1996-10-16 07:26:31
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Royalties 
All versions of PGP are owned by PGP Inc.  The international version is
still their product, even if they give it away instead of commercially
sell it.  From what I understand, Ascom Tech requires a license fee if the
product gets sold over in Europe, and I imagine the PGP Inc. will now have
to pay up when they begin to shrink wrap the international version over
there.

@_date: 1996-10-16 10:20:30
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Royalties 
Is there, however, a notion of legitimacy here?  In other words, are PGP's
claims valid while RSA's are not?  I'm not talking under "The Law", but
under notions of what's good and what's not.  Many would assert that RSA's
IP claims are overstated, invalid, way too far reaching in scope, and that
they're being greedy bastards who are not telling the truth about what
happened with the agreement with Phil.  PGP, as far as I know, hasn't
started being "fastidious" about IP claims (in fact, I don't think their
position has changed at all), and bases their assertions on Phil's rather
straight-forward PGP license and his basic assertion that he owns the
rights to the encryption software called "PGP" and he don't want nobody
else selling it except he and his licensees.
(not taking sides here - just holding up one perspective for discussion)
Not to pick a fight, but you generally take that position with most
IP rights, correct?  I _think_ you've voiced opinions that align with some
anti-copyright positions in the past, but I may be wrong.  Stepping aside
from that for the moment, why would you feel that PGP's property rights
are not respectable?

@_date: 1996-10-16 10:59:26
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: [NOISE] I never knew that Dimitri Vulis was a net.legend 
While the message blew by a little while ago (and I didn't save it),
someone had posted a URL with information about Dimitri's sordid/alleged
past on the Net.  At roughly the same time, I ran across (by accident) a
URL that lists Dimitri as a "net.legend" and offers yet another
perspective.  Apparently, Dimitri is far more well known that any of us
(at least me) gave him credit for.  The notion that the idiom "dandruff
covered" is indicative of anti-semitism is one passage that I found rather
Check it out for yourself at

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:32:47
@_author: "Bob Denny" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto: Systems & Application Developers Wanted 
Mark and friends -
I just returned from the Internet Expo in Boston, at which the NSA had a booth where they were pushing the FORTEZZA card. Some interesting things (at least to me):
* Netscape has a working prototype of their browser and server that uses
  FORTEZZA for encryption
* There are three (or 4??) companies building FORTEZZA cards, including   National Semi (the only one I recognized).
* The NSA guy I talked to said that they planned to market a "token card"   that uses RSA/DES, instead of Skipjack and friends, "sometime next year".
  -- Bob

@_date: 1996-11-06 16:37:27
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: Vulis profile 
You gotta be kidding me.
People, let's just not even get this started - everyone, close your eyes,
take a few deep breathes, and repeat, "I'm not going to touch this - I'm
not going to touch this - I'm not going to touch this." There are, sometimes, some places that you just don't want to go,
ya know?

@_date: 1996-11-07 11:39:24
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Is there a Win PGP? 
Yes, that's one way of doing it.  Phil's mentioned this in his PGP doc, as
I recall.  He says,  'if you use it commercially, you have to
make certain I make a buck off this - either send me one, or buy a license
from ViaCrypt."
However, you should also know that PGP Inc. (formerly called ViaCrypt)
sells *TWO* versions of the software.  The PE (or personal edition)
doesn't have the "master key" feature.  If you don't want to use the
encrypted file recovery, then don't order the software that has it.
In the BE (business edition), there's an option to force Big Brother into
every recipient list.  This means that the boss can put him/herself onto
the list of "encrypt to whom" whether you want him/her there or not.
Also, the BE recognizes some nuances in keys that the freeware doesn't:
You can have "sign only" and "encrypt only" keys.  Thus, you can give
everyone a PGP key for digital signature (because, let's say, you want
those powerful non-repudiation capabilities), but if it's a sign-only key,
they can't encrypt anything with it.
I'm also confident that these "features" are very hackable.  Someone could
easily tweak the copy of the public key for Big Brother so it encrypts to
something for which nobody (who can be found) holds the other half of the
key pair.  I'm sure there are some check digits, but I also know that it's
going to be damn hard, with software sitting on my disk on my PC, for you
to keep me locked out of it for very long.  I'm sure that Cypherpunks
could contribute something valuable in creating the "Hacking PGP 4.0
Business Edition FAQ."  Anyone for a little R&D?
The purpose (as it's been explained to me by PGP Inc.) for the BE/PE
changes was to increase the *CHOICES* that PGP users were being given
- not to change PGP into something with key escrow.  (The secret
keys still are secret - there is no escrow).  Everyone knows full
well that there are many companies who won't ever touch PGP unless it's
equipped with some "fail safe" that permits them to enforce their INFOSEC
policy.  Recovering files that were encrypted by people whom have
forgotten their pass phrases is in line with most corporate policies.
Bottom line:  Buy the version you want.  If you don't like the BE
features, then don't pay for them or use them.

@_date: 1996-11-12 11:12:21
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Returned mail: User Unknown 
Your bot is mailing these bounce messages to a mailing list.  Over 1000
people have gotten the (numerous) copies your server has been sending
about this discontinued address.  The message it received had a "reply to"
header in it, but apparently it's been programmed to mail its message to
every address it can find in the message header. We have no way of knowing specifically which address is bad unless you
tell us.  While we do have a list of subscribers, it may not be
reasonable to assume that everyone using your domain name wants to be
dropped from the list.  We have, in other words, no reasonable way through
which we can respond to your bot's request that we "remove" the address
from our mailing list.
Please ask your bot to direct its replies to "cypherpunks-errors (not the entire mailing list, which receives all mail sent to the
"cypherpunks" address), and to INCLUDE the now-defunct e-mail address
(that's probably a change that others receiving your message would
appreciate as well). Thanks for your help with this little problem.

@_date: 1996-11-15 12:42:45
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Obviously, we're taking " sucks" messages to a new level.
The author seems to be striving for some display of literary prowess,
albeit one that's a tad heavy on similes.
So that we can all save some time (why use valuable time to think of "you
suck" messages, when you can just have the computer build them for you?),
perhaps folks should take a look at the "Chomskybot" that's running at
"  Being familiar with
Noam Chomsky helps, but most everyone will see the value of what the site
has to offer.
By changing the initiating, subject, verbal and terminating phrases, the
Chomskybot should be able to provide exactly what's needed when trading
insults with other Cypherpunks.  We can have contests for "Best of Breed" (hell, we *already* have contests, it's just that nobody ever wins any
prizes), and "genre" categories based on upcoming events, holidays,
political headlines, etc.  Eventually, someone will link the Perl code
into procmail or cron, and we can have a new " sucks" message
automatically mailed to the list every few seconds by battling Cypherpunk
super-computer-powered "clans".  When enough automated insults fill the
list, human interaction will simply cease and then we can all enjoy the
enormous amounts of free time that we'll have since we won't actually
have to read anything any longer. So, we got any Perl programmers out there?

@_date: 1996-11-21 16:43:05
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Alias list for killfiling Grubor 
For those who haven't explored the rich, sick history of John M. Grubor
(aka "aga he uses a variety of aliases.  While the "aga"
account seems popular right now, he usually pops over to another when his
killfile ratio gets too high.
To help save time and effort, the following is offered from the Grubor FAQ
that circulates on the Net with some regularity (look in alt.bonehead.john-grubor or alt.general.grubor):
Grubor has used, and continues to use, many aliases; usually through free
trial AOL, Prodigy or Compuserve accounts; but he has also paid for many
accounts on local providers. Some of Grubor's aliases: -manus (his vanity domain)
-anything else at manus.org
-drg (likely dead)    -various pgh.org addresses (apparently another vanity account)
-Zeus (an usaor.net account, now dead)
-maryjane (a Compuserve address, dead)
-DrMacho (drmacho dead)
-Vwqe99b (formerly using the alias "Amy Martin" now "Stanley
 Brown"; one of two accounts used for posting the infamous "List of
 Homosexuals in the Internet"--not dead, but rarely used) -Law Doctor or Doctor of Law used with his drg and  drg (dead) accounts
-two other AOL accounts--lawsystems@ and jgrubor dead.
-aga (still active, but rarely used)
-zando  (a former favorite, likely dead.  He used many
different  aliases with this one claiming alternately that this account
belongs to his mother and his wife.  All indications are that he is the
only one who used it.) He has also used CyberLawMaster, Lord Grubor, Lord Grub, and others with
his manus.org and ix.netcom.com addresses.  He morphs his aliases
frequently in an admitted attempt to foil killfiles. Possible aliases/morph accounts are:
-nancybett (dead) All other accounts are generally verified as belonging to Grubor or not
rather quickly.
He is now also using "drgrubor  Because AOL will toss him fairly
quickly if he's too abusive (and he's already posting under that ID using
"cunt" and "cock" references), he'll probably not morph over there with
the idiocy he's been posting here.  If he does post from that account, I'd
suggest a mass mailing to AOL the moment it happens. He's got a KOTM award, but the small blurbs they publish don't do justice
to this small and pathetic little man.  He posts CONSTANTLY to the Usenet,
so checking things like DejaNews will help identify if it's really him
(his volume of posts seems to _never_ be what you'd call "lite").  His DHP
(DataHaven Project) domain is run by two hackers, Wipeout and Panzer Boy. Can't say anything based on fact, but I'd say that from their Web pages
that they aren't likely to really care what he says and aren't going to
respond to complaints sent to "postmaster  If someone with
accurate info on who's selling line time to DHP can poney up a responsible
party to whom complaints can be sent, that might help. Now, if we could just get this Grubor weenie hooked up with Helena Kobrin,
maybe they could cause some impossible "stupidity polarization" and set
off an implosion that will drive both of them straight to hell and forever
off the face of the Earth.  Where's Jim Bell when you need him?

@_date: 1996-11-27 11:39:25
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Re: Your login/password for SafePassage beta 
Is this to say that you wrote your license agreement with the foolish
premise that an e-mail address belongs to just one person?  Maybe you need
to really understand how the Internet works before you write a license
agreement based on incorrect assumptions and your personal preferences for
how things ought to be.

@_date: 1997-01-14 10:54:25
@_author: "Mark O. Aldrich" 
@_subject: Reminder:  Physical DC Cypherpunks Meeting 
A January 1997 physical DC Cypherpunks meeting will be held at GRC
International, Inc., in Vienna, Virginia, on Saturday, 18 January. Directions to GRCI, including a couple of spiffy-neato maps, are available
at:  If you're in town for the inauguration (yes, it's the following Monday),
then stop by and check out the East Coast "punks" contingent. Meeting starts at 1400 hours (2:00 PM).  You will be entering a secured
facility and will have to endure the usual rigors of being badged,
exchanging pleasantries with the guard, and being limited to "requires
escort" status.  So, allow a few minutes extra before the meeting starts. Agenda includes a presentation by Carl Ellison, Senior Systems Engineer
from CyberCash, Inc.  Ad-hoc additions are welcome - show up with your
presentation materials and you're automatically added to the agenda.  We
even have a historical crypto-relevant door prize to be given away at the
meeting!  (Assuming you can haul it home )
GRCI is located at the corner of Gallows Road and Boone Blvd, about two
miles north of the Dunn-Loring Metro station on the western end of the
orange line.  As solicitations for rides haven't appeared (yet) on the
list, the assumption is that they're being coordinated off-list at the
moment.  If your ride fails you and you're stuck at the Metro on Saturday,
the phone number for where we'll be meeting is 703.506.4951.  We can
try to beg you a ride from some gracious punk with wheels.  The front
desk is 703.506.5000 or 4000, is there's no answer downstairs.
If you show up late for the meeting and there's nobody there to sign you
in, you'll have to have the guard call us.  We'll be downstairs in the
"lower level conference room."  Just say those words and s/he'll know
where we are.  S/he can then call and someone will come up to get you.
Post-meeting world-problem-solving and beer-swilling activities
can be undertaken in any of the numerous suitable locations in and
about the illustrious Tyson's Corner locale.  We'll coordinate at
the end of the meeting.
Hope to see y'all this Saturday!
