
@_date: 1992-11-16 10:15:43
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: The Dining Cryptographers Protocol 
My spin on the Dining Cryptographers Protocol is, it's nifty and
theoretically strong, but in practice mixes are better for almost all uses.
If you have N people in a DC-net, you must exchange N bits of traffic per bit
of anonymous message transmitted.  If you use mixes and send each message on
M hops, you exchange M bits of traffic per bit of anonymous message transmitted.  N is typically 100-10000, and M is typically 2-10.  Mixes
are more efficient.
One advantage of DC-nets is that they're instant; with mixes there must be
some delays in order to accumulate enough cover messages to defeat traffic

@_date: 1992-11-20 14:17:44
@_author: in personal mail 
@_subject: Re: The Dining Cryptographers Protocol 
Can DC-nets be used in a hierarchical or "backbone" framework to
reduce communications overhead?  Bill Stewart (in personal mail) suggested that such a scheme could
satisfy my objections to DC-nets, namely that in order to get N-way
anonymity, you must exchange N bits of traffic per bit of anonymous
message transmitted.  But when we tried to come up with such a scheme,
it ended up being an unsatisfying hybrid of DC-nets and mixes.
If you know of a backbone arrangement for DC-nets with a local net of
size L<<N but an "anonymity parameter" of N, please tell us about it...

@_date: 1992-12-10 11:03:58
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: 'token exchange' market in Arizona 
I participated in SFI's "Double Auction Tournament" a couple of years
ago, placing second.  Computer programs participated in a stock market
game, with individual buyers and sellers competing with each other to
make profit from fictional tokens.  The emphasis of the contest was on
computer trading strategies, not on monetary systems or computer
security.  This new "token exchange" sounds like a continuation of the original
contest in which there will be an opportunity to compete and refine
strategies over a longer term.  It will probably be run from a central
server with minimal concern over security; these are economists
interested in stock market systems, not computer security people.
In the original contest, there was a prize pool of $10,000 divided
among the 30 contestants, with no contestant winning more than about
$500.  It seems likely that they'll have a similar bankroll for this
one, as an inducement for people to compete.

@_date: 1992-12-14 19:04:59
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: Remailers. 
Let's be clear on exactly how useful it is to route your messages
through your own remailer.  It's not as useful as it first appears.
If the Awful Nasties convince all of the remailers downstream of yours
to give up their logs, they trace the message back to your machine.
You then might choose to say, "Hey man, it wasn't my message, it was
just my remailer.  And I'm not giving you the logs."
But if you're going to use this excuse, you needn't really have routed
your message through your remailer at all; you just need to be operating
a remailer and routinely refuse to divulge its logs.

@_date: 1992-12-29 15:10:54
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: Self Addressed Stamped Envelopes 
If the remailer is willing to keep some state information around for
a limited time, auto-reply can be even simpler:  when a remailer
forwards mail, it saves the return address and replaces it with a unique ID for that mail, which it creates and saves.  The recipient
can just use the 'reply' command of his mailer.  When the remailer
gets mail with this unique ID, it plugs in the old return address, encrypts the message to the new destination, and sends it along,
retracing its original path.
This does provide a weaker security guarantee than if the remailer
_throws away_ the correspondence with input and output, though, so
a slightly more complicated alternative is probably better.

@_date: 1993-01-14 12:14:24
@_author: pax 
@_subject: Re: anonymous service shutdown (pax) 
I think a large stink should be made at this point, to bring our
legitimate privacy concerns to the attention of net admins, and to
flush out who it was who threatened pax's net connection.
I'm really uncomfortable with the way that the pax anon remailer was
shut down on what seems to be pure hearsay.  I think we need a little
more guts from our anon administrators.  Stick to your guns!  Make them
at least deliver an ultimatum to you so you know where the threat came from.  A note on whether we cypherpunks should "lie low" -- it's always
possible for us to go underground and hide from the authorities. I don't believe we should do this until it's absolutely necessary.  As of now, we are legitimate net citizens.

@_date: 1993-01-15 00:56:06
@_author: PKCS 
@_subject: Re: possible solution to the anonymous harrassment problem 
You're poorly informed.  As a condition of a grant from DARPA to RSADSI,
RSAREF may be used noncommercially, for free, to do any of the following:
     -    RSA encryption and key generation, as defined by RSA Data
            Security's Public-Key Cryptography Standards (PKCS) [4]
     -    MD2 and MD5 message digests [3,5,6]
     -    DES (Data Encryption Standard) in cipher-block chaining mode
            [7,8]
Moreover, I believe you'll find that RSADSI has become much more helpful
recently.  For more information, anonymous ftp to rsa.com and look around.
I've just gone over the RSAREF license agreement again.  It seems to permit
any sort of not-for-profit operation, including a public key service.

@_date: 1993-01-15 12:30:20
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: possible solution to the anonymous harrassment problem 
I thought their interface was good enough to do all of the obvious
operations -- RSA block encrypt and decrypt being the most important --
and that this restriction was just to prevent bizarrelly hacked
versions of their code from being confused with the original.
Let me know if I'm wrong, but I don't think I am.

@_date: 1993-01-15 13:39:48
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: use of ripem instead of pgp 
Bear in mind that many countries have restrictions about shipping
encrypted traffic across their borders.  These restrictions will be
almost impossible to enforce, true, but do exist.

@_date: 1993-01-21 23:08:40
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: the bill of rights hasn't been revoked. not yet, anyway. 
I agree, but only if you do all the public key encryption inside your head.
:-)   :-(
You're interpreting the first amendment much more liberally than current
legal practice would warrant.  Just because something is an act of
communication doesn't mean it's protected speech under the first amendment.

@_date: 1993-01-22 10:33:25
@_author: more or less 
@_subject: Re: the bill of rights hasn't been revoked. not yet, anyway. 
Oh yeah, this reminds me of a scheme by my friend Fuzzy.  Create
an encryption system which compresses and encrypts two files in
the space of one (more or less) using two different keys, the "real"
one and the "innocent" one.  When you encrypt something, you also encrypt a similar-sized hunk of innocuous text.  When they ask for
the key, you give them the one that spits out the fake stuff.
True, it's security by obscurity.  But I thought you might be interested.

@_date: 1993-01-26 11:46:37
@_author: was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION 
@_subject: Re: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
thug (Murdering Thug) writes,
Cool!  You've managed to weaken the one time pad enough for someone to crack it!  [ I can collect statistics on the plaintext based on the fact
that if five zeroes occur in the OTP then the next bit is constrained to be one.  Of course, I don't have complete access to the OTP, but it's
an extremely useful statitistical foot-in-the-door.  ]
This failure occurred because your friend tried to create a number
sequence that is somehow "more random than random".  Such a sequence
is, by definition, weak.

@_date: 1993-01-26 21:19:45
@_author: was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION 
@_subject: Re: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
Thug writes,
"All the properties you want?"  What you want is random, and nothing else!
Random isn't "average bit runs of 4 or 5 bits".  It isn't "nice white
noise".  It is TRULY RANDOM!  You need to understand that the absolutely
critical property for a one time pad bit-stream to have is this:  given all previous bits seen, the probability that the next bit seen will be
zero or one is exactly 0.5.  What you need is a method for converting a biased random number stream
(say, one where after a run of zeroes, another zero has high probability)
into an unbiased one where the probability of the next bit being zero is
exactly 0.5.  Truncating runs to length 5 is an attempt at this, but a VERY BAD and cryptographically useless attempt.
Does anybody remember a good recipe for converting a biased RNG into an
unbiased one?  I can't think of one off the top of my head, and that's
what Thug's friend seems to need.  This has been discussed at length in
the literature.

@_date: 1993-01-29 13:19:44
@_author: IMO 
@_subject: Re: OTP Generators 
Hal> Also, relying on a half-life calculation in which we wait a certain time Hal> interval, and see if there is a decay or not, won't be that accurate.  Hal> If your time is off a little, it could bias the results.
Hal> Tim May posted the best (IMO) fix for this.  You collect bits in pairs; Hal> discard 00 and 11; for each 01 output a 0, for each 10 output a 1.
This is better than nothing, but it doesn't completely fix the biased
bit stream.  For instance, if your detector typically has some runs of
zeroes, then after a 10 sequence, a 01 sequence is more likely than
another 10.
I think that all schemes which rely on _single_ random events from a
radioactive source are going to be very sensitive to tuning errors
which will make their random bit streams biased and thus useless.
Better is the following:  select a time interval in which 100-1000
random events will occur.  Count events in one of these time intervals
and output the parity of the count.  Repeat.  If you ever detect fewer
than 10 events in an interval, quit with an error.
This method has the advantage that no "tuning" of the randomness source
is necessary; you must only ensure that your time interval contains a
lot of random events, so that there is no chance of a small drift in the
random number source causing a corresponding failure in randomness.
Another useful technique, if you're willing to trust crypto technology,
is to compute MD5 hashes or DES encryptions of the bit stream.  This
will do a lot, actually.  If your bits are already random, then applying
a pseudo-random permutation can't hurt; but if you've been brain-dead
somehow, it's a great insurance policy to apply a well-known scrambling
algorithm to your bits.
I wish we weren't just discussing hacks, though.  I think I'll hunt for
some theoretical results to make this more solid.

@_date: 1993-02-04 21:13:16
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: White House letter 
Dear ld231782,
I believe that a good letter to the President has _one_ theme.  If
it comes out to more than one, write more than one letter.
My own emphasis would be on computer security concerns, and the legitimate
privacy, anonymity, and electronic-cash interests of Internetters.  Aren't
these the issues which bring us together as cypherpunks?

@_date: 1993-02-10 14:56:23
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Crypto goals 
Y'know, just defining "what we should want" is one of the biggest
challenges in moving towards the next generation of crypto.  How
about making a list of features we want, and/or a list of scenarios
we want to be able to handle?
Uncontroversial features:
    message privacy
    message anonymity
    message untraceability
    digital cash
    digital time stamps
More difficult/controversial features:
    message invisibility [e.g. in low bits of video signal]
    untraceable access to databases [just anonymous email?]
    electronic black markets [just electronic cash and anonymous email?]
    electronic voting
    m-of-n trust schemes
    time-delay messages [are they useful?]
    executable but non-disassemblable code [is it possible?]
    tagging / un-tagging of copyrighted text [what is possible?]
       [explanation to follow in another message ]
I know how to take a crack at implementing all of these except the last
two, but would benefit from better theoretical and practical work on
all of them.  Most of them are obviously useful, and scenarios come
easily to mind.  Have I missed anything?

@_date: 1993-02-10 15:05:36
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Tagging copyrighted text 
Tim May and many of us argue that copyrights will become unenforceable as copying bits becomes cheaper and crypto privacy and anonymity becomes
more widely available.  This will mean that any static collection of
bits will just be FREE.  Musicians will have to make money on live
performances, because they couldn't sell many recordings.  Etc.
A question I've been thinking about is, will Dow Jones be able to charge
for its newswire?  Step 1:  I subscribe to Dow Jones and then relay each message to a
mailing list, charging them a fraction of the original price.
Step 2:  Dow Jones starts changing random whitespace in the text, in an
attempt to "tag" the text untraceably to trace which subscriber is
leaking the information.  They cancel my subscription.
Step 3:  I get 20 new subscriptions, and use the redundancy to cancel
out Dow Jones's sneaky tagging.
Step 4: ...
Question:  who wins?  I haven't been able to work it out yet, but
it may just be a simple combinatorial exercise.

@_date: 1993-02-10 19:31:29
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: Tagging copyrighted text 
Dear ld23178, True, the abandonment of copyright isn't going to happen right away.
But I disagree with your claim that on the network of the future the
artist will make a few pennies per copy by being the most convenient
provider of the information.  The author is very unlikely to be the
most convenient and least expensive provider of their work, since they
have no advantage over specialists in the information providing business.
Your point about "unix pipes" across the network is an excellent one,
though.  Information filtering and processing services will be very
valuable and harder to obtain for free.  "Insert a 25c electronic coin
and a pile of news articles, and I'll filter them for you."

@_date: 1993-02-11 00:35:37
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: Tagging copyrighted text 
I've been thinking more about how Dow Jones can catch customers which
leak its data.  Let's assume that I, as the thief, get 20
subscriptions, and that Dow Jones tries twiddling the value of various
bits of its output with some probability, differently for each
customer, to catch who's leaking its data.
My strategy as the thief is, whenever the newswire doesn't agree
between all of my subscriptions, they take a majority vote.
How many bits of random tag must Dow Jones add to its newsfeed to catch
a clique of size 20 out of its 10,000 customers?
I think I've narrowed the answer down to between 437 bits and 250 Gbits.

@_date: 1993-02-23 10:56:17
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: anonymous return addresses 
The recent penet troubles are a reminder that secure anonymous return
addresses are a lot harder than secure anonymous mail with no return
capability.  Maybe it's time to go over the options available to us
for anonymous return?
  1. Remailer memorizes a pseudonym.  I don't like this, mainly because
     it leaves the remailer operator vulnerable to pressure to reveal
     the correspondence between real and anonymous id's.  It
     also opens up about a million possible security holes, as
     we've noticed.
  2. The anonymous message includes a cryptographic "stamped
     self-addressed envelope" which contains a layered list of
     remailer addresses encrypted at each layer.  This requires
     modified behavior of remailers; they must be willing to "unwrap"
     an address-list separately from the message body, and then
     "wrap" the entire message with the destination's public key,
     in order to disguise the correspondence between input and output.
     I think this has been discussed here before.  Has anyone
     implemented it?
        I strongly suggest that this method be implemented in
     the cypherpunks remailers.  Let's call it the SASE feature.
     What do you think?
  3. The reply to an anonymous message can be posted in a public place
     encrypted for a key known only to the sender.
Have I missed any important methods?

@_date: 1993-02-24 12:31:26
@_author: preventing infinite loops 
@_subject: Anonymous flooding 
I wonder if full crypto anonymity as we envision it will be stable?
I'm very concerned about the problem of anonymous users intentionally
flooding the network with garbage in order to bring it to its knees.
Current practice, in the non-anonymous world, is to trace excess
traffic to its source and stop it from being generated.  This will no
longer be possible when true anonymity is available.
This would particularly be a problem if a remailer is willing to forward
an incoming message to more than one destination.  In that case, by sending a
single anonymous message, a saboteur could generate an exponential amount
of net traffic.  This would be bad.
Two basic precautions for a remailer to take are
  1. To require a 1-1 correspondence between input and output messages.
  2. To require that the address portion of the message shrink at each step
     (preventing infinite loops).  If this is done, then the saboteur's original message can be at most
n-fold replicated, where n is the maximum number of remailer hops
However, I still have some fundamental concerns that an anonymity-based
system is vulnerable to flooding and denial of service by the bad guys,
including Big Brother, who may wish to prevent effective use of such
systems.  This may make operating a remailer a difficult proposition.
I'm discouraged.  Any thoughts?

@_date: 1993-02-24 19:05:54
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous flooding 
[ Problem: anonymous flooding.  Solution: digital postage stamps. ]
Thanks, guys.  Problem solved.  Should've seen it myself.

@_date: 1993-02-28 16:43:02
@_author: short-term vs. long-term 
@_subject: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Lance Detweiler lists some problems with freely available anonymity, and
suggests that those of us who are pushing for unrestricted anonymity are
unwise.  Many others on the list argue that unrestricted anonymity and
privacy are necessary and even inevitable.
First off, I should say that I think this is absolutely the most
critical issue that we cypherpunks must address:  how desirable
is anonymity, what restrictions should we accept and/or push for,
and what technological options can we offer as solutions?
Secondly, I think that some of us are talking past each other, by ignoring
the distinction between short-term and long-term solutions.  Lance, for
instance, concentrates on short-term problems with anonymity while ignoring
some easy-to-implement fixes for these problems in the medium to long term.
Tim May emphasizes the long-term inevitability of crypto anarchy while
skipping lightly over the practical problems of sysops trying to keep their
systems running in the short term.  Let's recognize the distinction between
short-term and long-term.  To help you out, I offer this handy diagram, which
I've filled in with my own opinions.
  Are restrictions
  on anonymity...           Desirable         Necessary         Feasible
                        ----------------------------------------------------
  Short-term  (3yrs)   |       No                Some             Yes       |
  Medium-term (10yrs)  |       No                No               Partly    |
  Long-term   (20yrs)  |       No                No               Partly    |
                        ----------------------------------------------------
More discussion of specific issues to follow in another message.  To sum
up, my opinions are that in the short term, remailers must try to be good
network citizens in order not to get kicked off the "one and only" network.
  In the long term,

@_date: 1993-02-28 17:03:49
@_author: short-term vs. long-term 
@_subject: Re: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Sorry, I sent my last message before it was ready (and before it got
divided into two separate messages).  It mostly says what I wanted it
to, so I won't bother you with another version.
On the SHORT-TERM end of things,  I have two more thoughts on how to
make truly anonymous remailers good net citizens:
  1.  Agree on a header line which identifies all messages coming out of       our remailers.  If someone wants to filter out all anonymous messages,
      I think we should help them to do so.
  2.  Here's my proposal for what kind of remailer logging to do:
          logging of source-to-destination mapping:  NONE.
          destination logging:  NONE.
          source logging:  on a machine-by-machine basis, log the total
              input volume over a fairly long period, with some random
              noise added.  When a source is providing too much volume,
              and it's not on your local list of "friendly" remailers,
              then take action to reduce the volume.  I suggest that the
              first action should be to INCREASE THE DELAY to reduce the
              volume-per-unit-time of messages from that site.  If the
              volume of spooled traffic from a site reaches a threshold,               only then start throwing away messages.

@_date: 1993-03-11 18:48:39
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: spread spectrum; secret sharing 
I'd like to find a brief tutorial on spread spectrum communications.
I'd also like to become familiar with a decent secret sharing protocol
(say, to share a secret among N people so that any K of them can obtain
the secret but no K-1 of them can).
Anyone have anything to offer me?

@_date: 1993-03-11 19:05:22
@_author: under the subject line "Permanent signatures for pictures" 
@_subject: Tagging data to detect thieves 
I've done some further thinking on the text tagging problem,
spurred by a question on sci.crypt about tagging pictures
(under the subject line "Permanent signatures for pictures").
Here's a summary.
Let's say Dow Jones wants to sell newswire subscriptions to individuals,
but someone is anonymously forwarding their articles to a newsgroup.  Can
they succeed in tagging the text to detect the thief?  The idea is to
make some small twiddle to each subscriber's copy of the text, so that
the stolen copy can be matched with some subscriber and their
subscription cancelled.
Short answer:  the thieves win.  At first, I thought the answer
was the opposite.
There are two issues which must be addressed in order to show that
the tagger wins:
  1.  The taggee must not be able to "smooth away" all of the tag bits.
  2.  The taggee must not be able to cross-correlate multiple copies
      of the data in question in order to produce a "clean" version.
Regarding issue  the basic techique is to alter a few features of
your data which are important enough that your opponent can't afford to
randomize ALL such bits.  In the case of text, small changes in word
choice are a good candidate.  Two criteria are:
   A.  The changes must be "important" enough that the thief can't
       smooth them all away.
   B.  The changes shouldn't be "important" enough that the newswire
       becomes worthless!
The tagger has an advantage in this case, though.  He can change, say,
1 in 1000 of these "important, non-smoothable-away" candidate bits.  If
the thief wants to cancel them out and only has a single copy of the
picture, he must somehow canonicalize _all_ of the candidate tag bits,
or some very large proportion of them.
So if your tagging process does a little bit of "damage" to your
data, like in the map-maker case of adding an extra small street
here and there, then the opponent must either try to detect exactly
where your damage is, or must make wholesale changes to the data (such
as removing all small roads altogether).  The thief, in trying to cover
up your damage, must make a thousand times as much damage.  Choose your
damage level appropriately so that your level of damage isn't too much
but the thief's is.
Issue  thieves cross-correlating between multiple copies of the data,
is a bit more subtle.  Here's the scenario:
  Dow Jones has 10,000 customers, 64 of whom are in a conspiracy to steal
  and re-sell the newswire.  Dow Jones tries various tagging strategies,
  altering whitespace and word choice individually for each subscriber.
  The thieves try to cross-correlate between their copies of the text
  in order to "cancel out" the tags from the copy which they wish to re-sell.
Can Dow Jones detect the thieves and cancel their subscriptions?
In the discussion below, when Dow Jones "twiddles a bit" of their
newswire, they do so by substituting a word's synonym at a chosen
location, using a separate (possibly biased) coin flip for each
subscriber.  Here are the strategies I've considered.    Dow Jones strategy:  twiddle some bits with probability 0.5.
     If the thieves use majority vote, each thief will have a reasonably
     high correlation with the output bits.  (In fact, the probability of a
     match will exceed 50% by approximately the chance of a tie vote among
     the thieves, which is about 0.8/sqrt(n) where n is the number of
     thieves.  This computation is a bit hairy.)
  Thief countermeasure:  reliably detect which bits are being twiddled
      (by cross-checking between, say, 64 different subscriptions)
      and flip a fair coin to determine the output.  There's a chance
      of only 2 in 2^64 that the thieves fail to detect the twiddle.
  Dow Jones strategy:  twiddle some bits with low probability (e.g. p=0.01).
      Reasonably often, the bit values will be the same for all thieves.
      If the thieves use the flip-a-coin strategy, we can determine which
      tag bits they've failed to detect, and identify them that way.
  Thief countermeasure:  use a majority vote.
  Dow Jones strategy:  hybrid of the two.
  Thief countermeasure:  hybrid of the two.  Flip a coin if the vote is        fairly even, go with the majority if the vote is uneven.  For
       example, get 64 subscriptions, go with the majority vote if        fewer than 16 dissenters, flip a fair coin otherwise.
This last strategy for the thieves is the one I can't beat.
Theoretical help, anyone?

@_date: 1993-03-11 22:05:33
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Cypherpunks know they're cool 
Hey, man, we're the cypherpunks.  We're too hip to worry about a trivial little mail bomb.  But if we did get upset...well, who
do you think has the bigger arsenal of dirty tricks, him or us?
p.s.  I'm being interviewed by a campus radio show, regarding
cypherpunk-related stuff.  I'd welcome any suggestions on topics to
bring up, or ammunition to add to my pro-privacy and pro-anonymity
arguments.  Send them directly to me and I'll summarize to the list.

@_date: 1993-03-12 13:05:54
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks know they're cool 
Ted Ts'o writes,
Heh.  I agree with Ted.  Try taking the same advice we'd give someone who
received a offensive anonymous note:  quit your bitching & moaning, you
Yeah, yeah, I know, volume attacks are of a different kind than
offensive content.  But my own belief is, if our software is broken, we
shouldn't blame the doofus who comes along and tickles it.  If we end
up having a problem of volume harrassment, we should expect to have to
PROTECT OURSELVES with some half decent mailing list software.  For
instance, something that accepts mail only from subscribers or that
shunts large messages (or excessive number of messages from a single
person) to the moderator for review.  The fact that we have stupid
software is our own fault.
To me, this has the same feel to it as the current flap about anonymous newsgroup postings.  The right answer, in my opinion,
is to use news distribution software which can filter out anonymous
postings (and, in order to enable that, and prior to the availability
of "real person" cryptographic certificates, to ask that all remailers
provide a special header line).
What these solutions have in common is that we ask people to protect
themselves, rather than requiring everyone else to adhere to their
notions of good behavior.
Which brings to mind the potential problem that 99% of everybody
may choose to participate exclusively in "real person only" groups.
Any hints at a solution to that one?  How about if we try to convince people to participate in "pay as you go" groups using
digital postage?  That would solve many of the problems, in a way
that is less offensive to the freedom-loving among us.

@_date: 1993-03-12 18:24:54
@_author: or should _want_ to do 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks know they're cool 
Ted, please don't be a bonehead on purpose.  I bet you can see the
difference between some bits coming down a wire and a bullet coming
at you at 1000 feet per second.  It has to do with the level of threat
and the feasibility of protecting yourself.
Not true at all!  Just because I like freedom doesn't mean I shouldn't
try to convince people to act in a way that is more freedom-loving.

@_date: 1993-03-15 18:27:43
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Community standards for email anonymity 
Good point, Ted, what we're after is some "community standards"
for cyberspace, and what I'm suggesting is the fairly libertarian
standard that goes like this:
    Prefer technological solutions and self-protection solutions
    over rule-making, where they are feasible.
This is based on the notion that the more rules there are, the more
people will call for the "net police" to enforce them.  If we can
encourage community standards which emphasize a prudent level of
self-protection, then we'll be able to make do with fewer rules and
a less intrusive level of policing.
Some more specific versions of this:
      Self-protection                       Protection via rules
      ---------------                       --------------------
 "Don't read the newsgroup 	       Forbid all newsgroups which a
 if it offends you"                    reasonable person would find offensive.
 Allow anonymous posting       Use software to           Forbid all
 in all newsgroups; use        allow anonymity in        anonymous posting.
 information filters.          some groups only.      Handle volume bombs by                Track down volume bombs
 using digital postage and             and disconnect the offender.
 information filters.                    Trace harrassing notes to          Tell people to just ignore or filter
 the source.                        out harrassing material.
I guess it's a matter of preference.  I wonder if it's asking
too much to achieve general agreement among us cypherpunks?

@_date: 1993-03-25 20:14:24
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: REMAIL: cypherpunks strategy 
We must address a strategy question before it jumps on us.  Do we want to be
yet another "this remailer exists, let's stomp on it" whipping boy, or will
another tactic be more effective?
I have the following suggestion.  Do not announce our cypherpunks remailers
right away.  This is not the right time.  Instead, announce that we intend,
at a later date, to install remailers which are "friendly" in the sense that
they use a special header line, but which will be not be able to be shut down.
[ My suggestion for how to do this:  encourage thousands of users who
support anonymity to run the software, and make it easy for them to
do so.  Then, thousands of users must be kicked out in order to prevent
remailers being available! ]
But, here's the important part, DELAY RELEASE until after a waiting period.
The delayed release is intended to allow concerned network sites and
individuals to install filters for these messages, and to allow users the
time to discuss this (and, for instance, to voice their objections to
catch-all anonymity filters at the news-relay level).  It also prevents
our opponents from achieving a sense of "something must be done" urgency.
My goal is to push a particular policy -- remailers which add a header line
and end-user filtering based on that header line -- as an interim solution
until more sophisticated techniques come into use.  Discussion is also
welcomed on exactly what kind of setup we should be trying to encourage.
This is my current cut at it.

@_date: 1993-03-27 23:26:59
@_author: I think 
@_subject: ANON: real-person newsgroups 
Hal Finney (I think) writes,
But there _is_ a line, and people will likely want to draw it.  It's
true that currently there aren't any security guarantees to prevent a
person from pretending to be someone else, but there will be.  PEM
certificates will distinguish between real people and personas.  A
public-key-authenticated "real person newsgroup" can be implemented.
This raises the possibility that most newsgroups will transition to
real-person-only status.  This will cramp the style of those of us who
wish to participate in the net using a persona.
I think a major task ahead of us is to provide an alternative to
"real people = good, personas = bad", and to put forward alternatives
to "real person newsgroups" which are tolerable to most and more palatable to us.  So what's the distinction we might wish to put forward instead of
"real person"?  "Paying customer", perhaps, or "respected reputation"?
Yeah, that sounds good.  Maybe it's time to set up some reputation
based newsgroups, with a means of keeping track of who has been
posting good stuff, and of filtering for credibility.

@_date: 1993-04-06 11:25:46
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: WB: public kiosks 
Public kiosks are OK as a simple and moderately effective technique for
assuring anonymity, and they're ideal for a security-naive person who
is unable to verify the security of a more complex system.  But for
my own use, I am much more confident in the security guarantee given by
encryption on a portable computer and anonymizing using Chaum-style

@_date: 1993-04-25 23:53:32
@_author: Exec Director of EFF 
@_subject: FWD: Jerry Berman, Mitch Kapor 
A couple of interesting messages from sci.crypt:  an anonymously
forwarded letter from 1985 from Jerry Berman (Exec Director of EFF)
to David Chaum, and a response to the posting from Mitch Kapor.
To sum up:  Berman suggested to Chaum (in '85) that he prefers legal
remedies to technological ones, and doesn't like the idea of a society
where people routinely hide from the law.  The anonymous reposter is
concerned with the discrepancy between EFF policy and these sentiments
from Berman.  Kapor responds to his concerns by saying that Berman now
recognizes the role of technological solutions in the privacy equation.
The EFF continues to be the best representative of hacker culture
in Washington.

@_date: 1993-05-12 15:16:57
@_author: mnr@cs.cmu.edu 
@_subject: Re: The Halting Problem 
peb> It occurred to me that determining whether a set of random bytes is
peb> actually a crypto message could be reduced to the halting problem.
I think I can prove this can't be done for most kinds of messages.
For a wide range of cases we can know trivially that decryption is in NP.
The line of reasoning is this:  one definition of the class NP is the class
of all problems whose solutions can be verified in polynomial time.  So for
any encryption method which allows the recipient to verify in polynomial time
that his decryption is the only possible intended message, we know that the
decryption problem is in NP.
These conditions are met in the following cases:
   - Conventional public key encryption
   - Any cryptosystem with a short key and a space of allowable messages
     which is sparse enough that there's a low probability of two messages
     corresponding to the same ciphertext.  This includes most cases in
     which a digital signature or CRC is added to the end of a message.
