
@_date: 1996-01-12 07:13:05
@_author: Mark (Mookie 
@_subject: Mitnik and Shimomura 
It was not a trap. Shimomura was caught with his proverbials down. His
arrogance made him complacent and as such he didnt take the most basic
steps to keep the attack out.
According to Tsutomo's own account of the incident he was only able to
decipher what happened because the attacker(s) didnt clean away the info
off the hard drive when they were finished. They rm'd sure but he dd'd
the raw disk to another drive and worked through the blocks until he
found the two tools that were used to effect the intrusion. He was also
able to recover the tcpdump logs that were erased.
If the intruder(s) had rm'd the data and THEN done a mkfile that filled the
disk with 0's then most of what we know today would not be available.
As mentioned a week or two back, filling the unused portions of blocks with
0's would probably also be necessary.
As to wether Mitnik is capable of effecting the intrusion, that is yet to
be ascertained. He claims no involvement in it and based on whats known of
his cracking prowess there is a certain truth to it. He's infinitely better
with a phone than a keyboard.

@_date: 1996-01-14 04:52:59
@_author: Mark (Mookie 
@_subject: tsu's bpf 
Get off your high horse Julian, he means it's a modloadable version of bpf,
much like the modloadable NIT that is also available. There are at least
two sniffers that can use both the modloadable NIT and bpf packet interfaces,
maybe more. It certainly is easier than recompiling your kernel to include
the functionality which is generally the way things were done.
I prefer bpf as it is much more efficient, typically 10% of the impact that
NIT has on a machine. Some rough figures are a NIT might use one or two
minutes of CPU a day to monitor a reasonably quiet network, whilst bpf will
only use several seconds cpu time. (Most of the work is hidden in the kernel

@_date: 1996-01-16 14:04:31
@_author: Mark (Mookie 
@_subject: Re: The Last Mitnick Post/Thread 
At the time everyone knew Kevin was getting very warm, the simple social
contacts people had with him were becoming insidious due to the increased
attention being put on him. He was becoming rather infatuated with some people
too which some of his antics show. It was in this climate that a process of
alientation began where lies were fed him and procrastination was offered as
a reason for avoiding his spheres and requests. Noone wants to hold the hot
I'm actually observing similar activities today as someone who has a court
date approaching is becoming alienated by his own actions and the attitudes
of others. Preparing to go to jail was my first thought. Some people never
What do you expect? They are out for emotive impact, bugger the facts. You
being an internet service provider doesnt sell, but a couple of events in the
past can be made to give everything a dark and dangerous flavour. Pique
interest and generate another percent of sales.
Him and all the others I've heard bandied about. It's a case of tall poppy
syndrome where anyone who has a brain is pushed into a higher status than
they want or deserve. I've seen a number of people recently who have been
spoken of in vaulted tones or thought of as bleeding edge merely because
they have had exposure to a lot of systems and their skill set is more
than passable. I think jsz's name was mentioned because it was the only
intelligent converstion Shimomura actually got. Mitnik was always warezing
and trading around and doing the 3133+ $p34K crap so prevalent today. I
found him boorish and didn't pay much attention to him. It was only when
this Shimomura crap started anyone cared who he spoke to.
I regard the whole sordid deal as a hollywood driven sales and marketing
machine, most likely coached to the two players by their media backers.
When they stop trying to make things into something they aren't is when
I'll bother to pay any attention to their ravings.
nuff said.

@_date: 1996-03-29 11:32:24
@_author: Mark (Mookie 
@_subject: Sun patch pulled 
The 101759-?? patch is missing from the Feb 1996 SunSolve Patches CD. However
if one pops in the November 1995 Patches CD there is a nice little copy of
the 101759-03 patch which also comes with the above warning and the DES
enabled libraries.
The Patches CD's are openly sent around the world by Sun Support, one CD
for all the world.
