
@_date: 1994-07-03 13:32:04
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Privtool ("Privacy Tool") Beta release 
Hi, recently a few people have been asking about PGP-aware mail programs
for X-Windows, and I thought they might be interested in the one that I've
been hacking together over the last nine months. At the moment, the Beta
release is available from ftp.c2.org in /pub/privtool as
privtool-0.80.tar.Z, and I've attached the README.1ST file so that you can
check out the features and bugs before you download it. Currently the program requires the Xview toolkit to build, and has only
been compiled on SunOS 4.1 and Solaris 2.1. I don't think that there
should be any ITAR problems as there is no actual cryptography code in the
program (you need a copy of PGP and ideally a copy of PGP Tools to run
it), however as I'm not a lawyer and I'm in Europe anyway, if anyone in
Europe is willing to make it available on an FTP site, contact me and I
can upload it there. Also, if anyone wants to collaborate on a port to Xt, Motif, Windows etc,
or knows how to fix some of the Xview funnies, mail me at
mark I'm going to be off the net for most of the next two
weeks, so don't expect a fast response in the immediate future.                         Mark Grant
P.S. People wanting to integrate PGP with other programs might be
interested in the pgplib.c and support files in the Privtool source, which
give a high-level C interface to encrypt/decrypt/sign/verify messages,
either calling PGP Tools or (on Unix) forking off a copy of PGP and
examining the messages it prints out (though I haven't tested this with
2.6, only 2.3a). You're free (within the terms of the GPL) to use it in
your own applications if it's of use to you (it only took me a couple of
hours to add decryption/signature verification to Pine, for example). ---         Privtool Beta Release     1.9 6/31/94
        -----------------------------------------------------
Privtool ("Privacy Tool") is intended to be a PGP-aware replacement for the standard Sun Workstation mailtool program, with a similar user interface and automagick support for PGP-signing and PGP-encryption. Just to make things clear, I have written this program from scratch, it is *not* a modified mailtool (and I'd hope that the Sun program code is much cleaner than mine 8-) !). When the program starts up, it displays a list of messages in your mailbox, along with flags to indicate whether messages are signed or encrypted, and if they have had their signatures verified or have been decrypted.
When you double click on a message, it will be decrypted (requesting
your passphrase if neccesary), and/or will have the signature checked,
and the decrypted message will be displayed in the top part of the
display window, with signature information in the bottom part. The
mail header is not displayed, but can be read by pressing the 'Header'
button to display the header window. In addition, the program has
support for encrypted mailing list feeds, so that if the decrypted
message includes another standard-format message it will replace
the original message and be fed back into the display processing
When composing a message or replying to one, the compose window has
several check-boxes, including one for signature, and one for
encryption. If these are selected, then the message will be automatically
encrypted and/or signed (requesting your passphrase when neccesary) before
it is sent.
Being an Beta release, there are a number of bugs and nonfeatures :
Known Bugs :
        Message list scrollbar often set to stupid position when loading
        a mail file.
        When you save changes to the mail file, it throws away the
        signature verification and decrypted messages, so that the
        next time you view a message it has to be verified or decrypted
        again.
        'New mail' indicator in icon does not go away if you open the
        window and close it again without reading any messages.
Known Nonfeatures :
        Currently if you send encrypted mail to multiple recipients, all must
        have valid encrpytion keys otherwise you will have to send the
        message in plaintext. Also, the message will be sent encrypted to all
        users, not just the one who is receiving each copy.
        'Add Key' button is enabled and disabled as appropriate, but does
        not do anything ! A number of other buttons and menu items do
        not work either.
        Passphrase is stored in ASCII rather than MD5 form, making it
        easier for hackers to find if you're on a multi-user machine (of         course, you shouldn't be, but many of us are).
        Kill-by-subject does not work.
        Ignores Reply-To: lines, and could probably do with an improved
        mail-reading algorithm.
        Only one display window, and only one compose window.
        Message List window code needs rewrite.
        Code should be more modular to assist with ports to Xt, Motif, Mac,
        Windows, etc.         Not very well documented !
        Encrypted messages are saved to mail files in encrypted form. There
        is currently no option to save messages in decrypted form.
        No current support for remailers and pseudonyms (this will be added
        for the final release).
        Not very well tested on Solaris 2.x.
Privtool can be compiled to either use PGPTools, or to fork off a copy of
PGP whenever it is needed. There are also a number of different security
level options for the passphrase, varying from 'read it from PGPPASS and
keep it in memory' to 'request it every time and delete it as soon as
possible', via 'request it when neccesary and delete it if it's not used
for a while'.
See the README file for information on compiling the code, and the
user.doc file for user documentation (the little that currently exists). You should also ensure that you read the security concerns
section in user.doc before using the program.
                Mark Grant (mark

@_date: 1994-08-01 10:26:17
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Labeling Usenet articles. 
No, I think he's essentially talking about a 'secure' moderated newsgroup.
That is, the moderator(s) would sign each 'authorised' message with a
special key, and the newsreader would verify that it was signed by a
moderator before allowing you to read it. The current moderation system is
supposed to ignore unmoderated articles, but without crypto it's easy to
get round. I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not, but it seems to me that I'd
rather be able to say to people 'Ok, you want to create your own secure
moderated groups safe for kids/fundamentalists/chthulhu-worshippers, or
whatever, here's the software to do so' than have them (try to) make it
compulsory for everyone, everywhere. I'd suggest using PGP now that it's legal, rather than creating some new
system. I've got C-source for Unix that will call PGP to verify
signatures, if the original poster wants to hack it into trn or something
- the code was written for 2.3a though, so it may need a few changes for
2.6 (or those who aren't worried about legalities can link it with PGP
Tools instead). It would, of course, have the side effect of helping to
spread PGP further before SKE comes along.

@_date: 1994-08-29 06:03:08
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann/NSA debate postponed 
Yep, there's Privtool for Sun workstations (or anything else that uses the
XView toolkit). It's only a beta at the moment, but I'll hopefully have
time to finish it off before the end of the year, it's available from
ftp.c2.org and ftp.dsi.unimi.it, and the documentation is available on the
WWW at  (I posted that here
and on Usenet a few months ago).

@_date: 1994-09-10 12:28:34
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Anarchist Manifesto (location) 
I have an HTML version on the WWW at :
feel free to add links to it from anywhere else...

@_date: 1994-11-30 14:19:01
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Authentication at toad.com: WTF? 
If you're going to do this, I'd much prefer that you put this in the
header or in a Comment: field in the PGP block. My mail program
automatically verifies all signed messages (except those that get trashed
by MIME-mailers), but if it's got cack like this at the top of the message
then it (deliberately) displays the whole thing and doesn't verify the
This is in some respects a bug in my program, however I've been unable to come up with a sensible method of dealing with messages when only part of
them is signed.

@_date: 1994-12-01 05:08:03
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Hazards of encouraging forged dig sigs 
As one of the few people who verify all PGP signatures for which I have keys, I have to say that encouraging people to put garbage in PGP signature blocks would be extremely annoying. Either I'll have to go back to using a non-PGP-aware mail reader, or fix it to do something sensible with such messages. While I'm going to have to do the latter at some point
anyway, there are much more useful things that I could be doing...

@_date: 1994-12-16 10:00:37
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Privtool 0.83 Released 
Sorry to bring the list back to cryptography, but there's now a new
version of Privtool (PGP-aware mailer for Xview) on ftp.c2.org in
greatly improve performance and reduce memory usage, along with a number
of minor fixes. In the next few days I'll upload it to ftp.dsi.unimi.it and update the
on-line documentation on my WWW site. P.S. No, it doesn't support MIME.

@_date: 1994-12-20 05:06:00
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: PGP Tools 
I don't think it does by default, but you can just change the code that looks for a version number to accept version 2 or 3. Works for me...
Magic Money
Dunno about anything else....
I'd say there are three problems, firstly there's very little
documentation, which isn't a problem for those of us who can read and
understand the source code, but could be for more general use, secondly
it's not entirely legal in the US (patents, etc) and not widely available
outside (there are some versions on ftp.dsi.unimi.it, but you have to
actually go looking for it if you want to find it). The other problem is
that the interface is very low-level, which makes it difficult to just
take a standard PGP message and decrypt it in your program. You can get
around the latter by using pgplib.c from Privtool (it's been released
under the GPL), however it's only really been tested on Suns at this point
and may need a bit of hacking - if you port it to other machines please
mail me any bugfixes.
It also has some potential security problems, for example there are lots
of places where it should probably zero the memory that's been used but
doesn't (I've fixed most of those in my own copy). But otherwise it's a
pretty good product and I'm suprised that more people don't use it. There also appears to be a bug in pgpk_findkey() such that it only looks at the first id on each key, so if you request a key by another id it fails to find it. Does anyone know if Pr0duct Cypher is still updating PGP Tools, or should I look at fixing this instead ?

@_date: 1995-01-12 10:52:56
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Reefer madness 
But what happens if, say, a minor is solicited for sex when they are
pretending to be older than they are ? Or if the solicitation comes via a
remailer ?  Or a minor with a grudge fakes email to show that someone attempted to get them to agree to sex/picture-taking or whatever ?
Once you pass laws making some forms of communication illegal, you're immediately getting into dodgy territory requiring is-a-person credentials and so on. That isn't neccesarily a problem if it's voluntary (e.g. your kids accounts might be set up to only accept mail from people who're certified to be under 18 or whatever), but governments are unlikely to do things that way.

@_date: 1995-01-12 13:12:58
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Reefer madness 
I agree, however it does seem to be a bit much for a horny geek who
propositions a supposed 21-year old who turns out to be 14 to be sent to
jail and forever marked as an EVIL PEDOPHILE, rather than just being told
to get a life. Particularly if, say, the girl in question was posting to
alt.sex.wanted or something.
But the main point I was trying to make here is that with laws like this
proof of age would be required in both directions. Of course, a system
that stamped each users age on outgoing messages could well lead to more
real-world abuse by the real crazies, not less...

@_date: 1995-01-25 08:19:46
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: LOCKSMITH'S GUILD WANTS L 
With non-government reptutation and certification agencies. Currently the
government is saying 'there shall be one certification agency and it shall
be us', whereas personally if I were hiring someone to design a skyscraper
or cut me open I'd much prefer to pick someone who had a good rating from
three or four independent agencies. The only difference is that you would have the choice of choosing someone
cheap who didn't have a good reputation, not that we'd give up on them
altogether (see the numerous past discussions of reputations etc on the list, and the Cyphernomicon).
Another thing to consider is that the government monopoly has a lot less
to lose by certifying people incorrectly than a commercial agency would.
The government's reputation is low enough already that such errors won't
affect it significantly, whereas a commercial agency would lose a lot of
custom to its competitors.

@_date: 1995-07-12 08:41:28
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Privtool 0.84a 
Ok, version 0.84 didn't work properly on Linux, so I'm now releasing
a version 0.84a with fixes to make it compile. US users can get the
sources from from ftp.c2.org:/pub/privtool/privtool-0.84a.tar.gz, or
in Europe at ftp.ox.ac.uk:/pub/crypto/pgp/utils/privtool-0.84a.tar.gz.
It will also be available soon on ftp.dsi.unimi.it.
US ITAR laws may make it a crime to export Privtool, so if (like
me) you're not in the US then get it from the European sites.
In addition the documentation is available on the WWW at Privtool ("Privacy Tool") is intended to be a PGP-aware replacement for the standard Sun Workstation mailtool program, with a similar user interface and automagick support for PGP-signing and PGP-encryption. Just to make things clear, I have written this program from scratch, it is
*not* a modified mailtool (and I'd hope that the Sun program code
is much cleaner than mine 8-) !). When the program starts up, it displays a list of messages in your mailbox, along with flags to indicate whether messages are signed or encrypted, and if they have had their signatures verified or have been decrypted.
When you double click on a message, it will be decrypted (requesting
your passphrase if neccesary), and/or will have the signature checked,
and the decrypted message will be displayed in the top part of the
display window, with signature information in the bottom part. The
mail header is not displayed, but can be read by pressing the 'Header'
button to display the header window. In addition, the program has
support for encrypted mailing list feeds, and if the decrypted
message includes another standard-format message it will replace
the original message and be fed back into the display processing
When composing a message or replying to one, the compose window has
several check-boxes, including one for signature, and one for
encryption. If these are selected, then the message will be automatically
encrypted and/or signed (requesting your passphrase when neccesary) before
it is sent. You may also select a 'Remail' box, which will use the
Mixmaster anonymous remailer client program to send the message through
one or more remailers.
Being an Beta release, there are a number of bugs and nonfeatures :
Known Bugs :
Known Nonfeatures :
Major changes for 0.84:
Changes for 0.84a:
Privtool can be compiled to either use PGPTools, or to fork off a copy of
PGP whenever it is needed. There are also a number of different security
level options for the passphrase, varying from 'read it from PGPPASS and
keep it in memory' to 'request it every time and delete it as soon as
possible', via 'request it when neccesary and delete it if it's not used
for a while'.
See the README file for information on compiling the code, and the
user.doc file for user documentation (the little that currently exists). You should also ensure that you read the security concerns
section in user.doc before using the program.

@_date: 1995-07-15 16:17:51
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Deployment 
So, anyone want to volunteer to port Privtool to Windows ?

@_date: 1995-07-18 08:00:25
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Deployment 
It's a PGP-aware mailer for SunOS/Linux, and has the most
highly-integrated PGP interface that I know of (e.g. just tick a
check-box to encrypt/sign/remail). Even a newbie Windows user can handle
that much.. Well, someone's (mm dunno if they're on the list) already done that for MS-Mail, at least in Beta form, according to their article on alt.security.pgp... However, their message implies that you have to use extra commands on the menus in order to deal with PGP mail, it's not just there waiting for you to tick the box..

@_date: 1995-07-18 18:55:53
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Here it is; bi-directional dining cryptographers 
Yes, but presumably it's expected that they would be using secure
encryption on the messages that they're sending. That might still provide
some information about the message for traffic analysis, e.g. if you send
a PGP message you have your key-id at the beginning, and if you knew the keys of all members of the DC-net you could XOR them and see who's talking to who.
I'd have thought the most significant problem would be reserving the
blocks in an anonymous fashion while not allowing denial-of-service
attacks.

@_date: 1995-07-17 22:06:12
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: RC4 crack 
Nice -19 works great on SunOS, it sits there happily eating up just about
all the unused CPU time and doesn't interfere at all with interactive
use. I guess it's the SYSV (ack) machines that have problems, 'cause the scheduler's too sophisticated.

@_date: 1995-07-18 07:06:32
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Mondex (forward) 
Thought this might be of interest... forwarded with permission..
From Andy Meredith (meredith on the ecm list :
I am participating in the Mondex pilot scheme in Swindon. It took me
a great deal of pushing to get _any_ details at all. The details I
did get didn't go into the encryption schemes used or any such fun
stuff. It did in fact take quite a while for me to realise the
significant differences between ecash and Mondex. As they didn't, in
the end, make me sign an NDA, I guess I can share.
1 - The Value is not encrypted on the card, that is held as plain
    text, it is the front door on the card that is heavily guarded.
    If therefore you can inject value into the card from the back
    door, it is then taken as real money. The logic being; Hey it
    managed to get through all that security which is imposible for
    anything except another mondex card to do, it must therefore be
    Mondex money ... that's Ok then.
    There can never be a software only version of Mondex
    as it stands. The trust is in the front door, not the cash
    values themselves.
2 - Some of their transaction monitoring is very "Big Brother"esque.
    As you can imagine, if a card is seen to be creating money but
    not consuming it, there IS a problem. Therefore whenever you get
    some money from a "hole in the wall", the bank sucks over your
    transaction log & error log. It will of course only ever use
    this for security monitoring. It will never follow the likes of
    AMEX and start stock pilling these transactions, using it's
    knowledge of the which physical entity own what card ID, and
    using the cross reference for market research/direct
    profiling. No of course not. That would be TOTALLY unethical ...
3 - Mondex is billed as "Electronic Cash", but you won't find the
    concept of anonymity in there anywhere. They talk about it, but
    I haven't seen them write it down explicitly. One could suggest
    however that that "Cash == Anonymous", so the scheme would have
    to be anonymous for them to have a right to the "Electronic
    Cash" title.
How about "Stored Value Card"
One interesting thing that I noted. When I read through the technical
blerb on ecash a while back, I had to sit back and think very
clearly, and read very slowly. However, it was relatively easy to
understand the bits, and then even easier to put the bits together
into a system.
The reason, I suggest, is that if you understood all the encryption
technology behind ecash, and had the requirements that it has for
anonymity and security (hand in hand). You would reinvent ecash.
Maybe the layering would be subtly different, the real one ond your
independant derivative wouldn't interact, but ...
If however you were to have asked me to explain ecash a week later, I
would have been totally stumped. It is a very elegant system.
Mondex, on the other hand, worried from the word go. It just didn't
seem to add up. Apart from everything else, why were they being so
damned secretive. I read and thought, and read and thought. Then it
finally dawned on me. Mondex just simply doesn't have the same
requirements list as ecash. I was prejudging the requirements from my
previous exposure to ecash.
Ask me to explain Mondex to you now ... what do you want to know :)
Andy M
     (this is my opinion of information gained outside of
       company time. It is not the opinion my employer.)
And :
Absolutely. That's why VISA have lost so little money :)
Actually, you can't. You need to supply bank details in order to get
one. At least you do for the Swindon trial. The cards in use here are
in fact combined ATM and Stored Value ;) cards. They have all your
bank details in a mag. stripe on the back of the card. The current
batch of EPOS terminals don't use this stripe, but I wait with
Sainsbury's (et al) sussed that one a while back. Hence the
introduction of "Customer Loyalty Cards" (yuch!!). Thereby allowing
them to bind purchases/times/locations => Credit card numbers =>
Physical customer addresses & therefore demographic data. Only in
this situation for Credit card number read Mondex card ID.
No need. They have not only formed the link, but they are getting you
to fill in the damned form :)
Don't know about these ones.
Not at all. If you had asked me to explain the system while it was
still fresh in my mind, I would have had no trouble. It is very neat
and logical, but it is also pretty intricate. Apart from anything
else, I didn't feel it was necessary to hold on to the mental model
of how it works. I liked it. However, Mondex ...
Andy M

@_date: 1995-07-27 07:03:23
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Full text of David Chaum's Congressional speech 
Now, I'm not sure of this, but as far as I can see, if I was a blackmailer wanting to receive an untraceable payment I could do the following :
Will this work ?

@_date: 1995-07-27 09:47:11
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Full text of David Chaum's Congressional speech 
Yes, that's what I was thinking too... you'd have to hack the software to do it with the current Ecash implementation, but it ought to be possible if you had to.
Yep, I agree...
Ooops... brainfade.. yes you're right 8-)..

@_date: 1995-07-30 08:24:50
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Experimental Ecash Market 
For those who want to buy and sell ecash for real cash, there's now an
experimental Ecash Market WWW page at :
You can submit an offer to add to the lists of buyers and sellers for free
(though if people start submitting fake offers I may charge for it in
future), or buy the email address of a buyer or seller for c$ 0.50.  Since
I'm still in the process of finishing off the software, the site may go up
and down, or simply get dodgy, over the next few weeks.

@_date: 1995-08-10 06:15:34
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: PGP Tools on Linux 
Did anyone ever get PGP Tools working on Linux ? I can compile it, but it has a marked tendency to get SEGVs when destroying fifos...

@_date: 1995-08-10 13:28:13
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: PGP Tools on Linux 
No, it's not that one, I'm afraid - this version works fine on SunOS and has that fix in it... it just won't work on Linux.

@_date: 1995-08-12 11:26:10
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: IPSEC goes to RFC 
Is this solely a US effort, or is any work being done outside the US ? If there is, I might be able to help out at least for the next couple of months.
P.S. Thanks for your work on this, Perry...

@_date: 1995-08-17 09:44:51
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Netsacpe's Offical Response 
Hmm, I don't know about anyone else around here, but my workstation is
idle 99% of the time. I could almost certainly get access to all the spare
CPU cycles on 120 workstations for free, and I suspect that a lot of
people (particularly hackers) could do so as well. There's no need to
spend $ 10,000 on renting them.

@_date: 1995-08-17 10:02:57
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: First known purchase of physical goods with cyberbucks 
[Feel free to forward to anywhere you feel is appropriate]
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
For some time now, Adam Back has been offering to sell RSA T-shirts for
cyberbucks (DigiCash's experimental anonymous digital cash system), but
no-one has had enough available to take him up on it. However, thanks to
the success of the ecm mailing list (ecm and WWW site
( today I finally managed to collect enough c$ to buy one.
It was something of a feat to gather that many c$ in one place, as
the number of sellers is limited. There are many more buyers than
sellers, everyone wants c$, but few people are selling at a realistic
price. As it stands, we have managed to take a worthless currency (c$
are not backed with anything) and give it value based solely on what the market is willing to pay for it, due to its security, anonymity and ease of use advantages compared to the other digital payment systems on the Net. Once a DigiCash licensee starts offering to sell (and buy) ecash via VISA/MasterCard and chequing account, I could see ecash getting very
popular very quickly.
Using ecash once you've got the c$ in your ewallet/DigiCash bank
account is near instant. If used through the WWW forms interface as provided by the Windows and X-windows user interface, the transaction is as easy as clicking on a button. Instant buy, much more convenient than filling in credit card forms, talking to people on the phone, sending things in snail mail, etc, and anonymous too. Now you can even use the beta-test currency to buy and sell physical goods as well.
Anyway, if anyone knows of an earlier transaction of cyberbucks for physical goods than this (at 15:00 GMT 17th August 1995), then please let me know. Also, if you have c$ that you wish to sell, or have run out and want to buy some more, come along and join in the fun on the WWW site or mailing list...
P.S. If anyone in the UK wants to buy a rusty but reliable FIAT X1/9
convertible, it's yours for only 5,000 cyberbucks...
(For the record, I have no connection to DigiCash other than as an ecash
 beta tester, and the ecash market is not supported by them in any way.)

@_date: 1995-08-17 10:51:13
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: First known purchase of physical goods with cyberbucks 
Oh pooh ;-)..
Hee.. Ok.. "first known purchase of physical goods with cyberbucks traded at the ECM" it is 8-)..

@_date: 1995-09-03 00:34:22
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Dumb Question: PGPfone over Appletalk 
Can someone tell me how to run PGPfone over Appletalk ? The
documentation says that support has been added for this release, and
there's a preferences box to check to use it, but there's no information
I can find in the documentation on how to initiate a call over
Appletalk.. it just says to enter a telephone number to dial. If I press 'Connect' without entering anything it hangs up the Mac.
How do I tell it which machine I want to connect to ?

@_date: 1995-09-08 10:23:40
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Scientology tries to break PGP - and fails? 
I can only assume one of two things - either this is a joke, as the
decrypted contents are nothing special as far as I can see (though
'interesting' in a sense), or that someone is very, very clever and
managed to hide two different messages in there with different
If this is the file the Co$ want to crack, they're a) clearly cryptographically inept, and b) the joke's clearly on them 8-).. Any hacker worthy of the name ought to get the passphrase within three attempts (I got it first time).
Note for paranoids: Of course, this message may just be a ruse to put the Co$ off the scent ;-)..

@_date: 1995-09-14 07:51:56
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: An opportunity not to be missed 
Someone already tried that. The cops got a copy of the WWW logs and started investigating everyone who'd looked at the WWW page... So at the least you'd need a bunch of anonymous WWW proxies as well.
There's also the problem that the current ecash systems do not provide payee anonymity, so if you pay informers with ecash they can be traced if the bank and payer collude.

@_date: 1995-09-14 15:00:55
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Privtool 0.85 Released 
I've just released a new version of Privtool, with a large number of
bugfixes and new features. It's available from ftp.c2.org as
ftp.dsi.unimi.it in /pub/security/crypt/code, or from ftp.ox.ac.uk
in /pub/crypt/pgp/utils.
DUE TO US ITAR REGULATIONS, IF YOU ARE OUTSIDE THE US YOU SHOULD
DOWNLOAD PRIVTOOL FROM A NON-US SITE. Dumb, but true...
Documentation is also available on the WWW at Privtool ("Privacy Tool") is intended to be a PGP-aware replacement for the standard Sun Workstation mailtool program, with a similar user interface and automagick support for PGP-signing and PGP-encryption. Just to make things clear, I have written this program from scratch, it is
*not* a modified mailtool (and I'd hope that the Sun program code
is much cleaner than mine 8-) !). When the program starts up, it displays a list of messages in your mailbox, along with flags to indicate whether messages are signed or encrypted, and if they have had their signatures verified or have been decrypted.
When you double click on a message, it will be decrypted (requesting
your passphrase if neccesary), and/or will have the signature checked,
and the decrypted message will be displayed in the top part of the
display window, with signature information in the bottom part. The
mail header is not displayed, but can be read by pressing the 'Header'
button to display the header window. In addition, the program has
support for encrypted mailing list feeds, and if the decrypted
message includes another standard-format message it will replace
the original message and be fed back into the display processing
When composing a message or replying to one, the compose window has
several check-boxes, including one for signature, and one for
encryption. If these are selected, then the message will be automatically
encrypted and/or signed (requesting your passphrase when neccesary) before
it is sent. You may also select a 'Remail' box, which will use the
Mixmaster anonymous remailer client program to send the message through
one or more remailers.
Being an Beta release, there are a number of bugs and nonfeatures :
Known Bugs :
Known Nonfeatures :
Changes for 0.85:
Privtool can be compiled to either use PGP Tools, or to fork off a copy of
PGP whenever it is needed. There are also a number of different security
level options for the passphrase, varying from 'read it from PGPPASS and
keep it in memory' to 'request it every time and delete it as soon as
possible', via 'request it when neccesary and delete it if it's not used
for a while'.
Unfortunately, PGP Tools (or at least the version that I have) does not appear to work correctly on Linux.
See the README file for information on compiling the code, and the
user.doc file for user documentation (the little that currently exists). You should also ensure that you read the security concerns
section in user.doc before using the program.

@_date: 1995-09-16 10:53:11
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: "alt.cypherpunks" Newsgroup vs. Mailing List? 
a) You can't read it through a remailer (yet).
b) Anyone watching the site can tell which threads you're interested in, and thereby determine what your real interests in this group are.
c) It cuts off anyone who doesn't have direct net access, or can't afford long telephone calls. It's a lot cheaper to download a day's mail in one go than to spend three hours browsing a WWW site.

@_date: 1995-09-19 10:14:30
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: "Hackers"-- brief review and anecdote... 
If it wasn't for ITAR the Net would already have secure encryption and
authentication, and most such hacker attacks would be impossible (or at least impractical).

@_date: 1995-09-27 07:57:21
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Status of Netscape Bug Exploit (suggestions needed) 
Couldn't you either create the address in a register, and then do an indirect jump through the register, or push it onto the stack and do a ret ? You could do something like I'm not certain of the format for BSDI assembler, but I presume that's possible. You could modify the value you add and subtract to make sure there are no netscape-invalid bytes in the compiled code.

@_date: 1995-10-28 01:41:34
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman Key Generation 
Does anyone know of software available outside the US for generating large (1024-bit or more) Diffie-Hellman keys ? The default key for CTCP is only 512 bits, and I'd like to be able to give out some larger keys (e.g. 1024 and 2048 bits) so that people have a choice of the level of security that they want to use.
Alternatively, does anyone have any pre-generated large keys that I can put in there ?
Finally, I'm basing this on comments in 'Applied Cryptography' that D-H
keys should be at least 512 bits and preferably 1024. How does the
difficulty of breaking a D-H exchange with a 512 bit key compare to
breaking a 512 bit RSA key ?

@_date: 1995-10-28 02:08:35
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Linux security issues 
Couldn't you use mmap() to map a disk file into your address space, keep all your secret data in that part of the address space, and then carefully wipe that file before exiting ?
I guess you'd then have the problem that people could just read that file
(if they had the priviledges to do so) to find all the secret data rather
than having to trawl through the swap file though.. and you'd still have
to worry about disk buffering. So it probably wouldn't be a big
improvement.

@_date: 1995-10-31 03:14:14
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Don't Kill the Messenger--A New Slant on Remailers 
That's not a problem with Mixmaster, as it already knows whether the message is the last hop of a chain or not. I was hoping to get my hack finished this weekend, but got caught up in CTCP instead (which I'll release once I find out why it kills my xterm on exit 8-()..

@_date: 1995-11-01 02:38:17
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: ecash remailer 
Yep, it's optional. You can specify the account id of the recipient, in which case it's encrypted into the ecash message somehow, or you can leave it blank, in which case anyone can deposit it in their account. Or at least that's what the DigiCash people told me.
I think it only works that way if you select email payment, when it gives you a box for the account id to pay to.

@_date: 1995-10-02 08:40:32
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: One-Time-Pad generation from audio device 
Over the weekend I hacked up a one-time-pad generator from the random number code I've been writing for Privtool, which uses noise from the audio device to generate random numbers.
The code basically reads in a 512-byte block from /dev/audio, then takes
the MD5 of that block to generate 16 bytes of the OTP. The raw audio data
I'm getting is not particularly random and will compress by 3:1 using gzip
or compress, so I'm assuming that using a 32:1 ratio here via MD5 will
give a truly random output (it's certainly uncompressible).
Before I release the source code to the Net, can anyone give me any good
reasons to believe that this won't produce physically random output, or
make suggestions on how to test, or improve, the generated output ? There's
a  which can be used to easily increase the amount of data fed into
the MD5, but at the moment it will only generate about 1 MB per hour on a
Sparcstation (limited by the audio input rate), so I don't want to
increase that if I don't have to.

@_date: 1995-10-02 14:27:40
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: One-Time-Pad generation from audio device 
How did you measure the entropy of the output ?
Ah, well the idea is that they can just generate a OTP when they have a few spare hours, not that they'd be generating it in real-time. The Privtool code does use realtime generation of random numbers, but it has a lot of input data other than the audio (e.g. mouse movements, MD5 hashes, etc).

@_date: 1995-10-06 09:35:14
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Graphic encryption 
It's OK, when these guys were spamming Usenet a few weeks ago with their product announcement (admittedly, they did at least keep it to comp groups) they said it was export-approved. Therefore, it can be pretty much written off from a security standpoint - it's at best as good as 40-bit RC4, and I sure wouldn't use that for secure communications.
I'd still like to know how it works so we can see just how insecure it is, though.

@_date: 1995-10-10 18:43:39
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape & Fortessa 
However, as long as the hardware uses a published algorithm, there
shouldn't be too much of a problem in writing a device driver that will
emulate the hardware. Of course, they might attempt to use those tokens to
authenticate the hardware in the application, but that shouldn't be any
harder to patch out than the various software protection schemes that have
fallen in the past.
Frankly, I have no desire to have hardware crypto in my system (nor
anywhere to put it, I'm not wasting a PCMCIA slot on something that I can do with software), and unless it's dirt cheap I doubt that many normal
users will want to do so either, particularly if there *is* a software
alternative. Servers might want hardware for performance reasons, but I don't see any reason to prefer it otherwise.
So on those grounds, the only real danger would be for the government to start selling Clipper cards for $ 5 apiece. Of course, I wouldn't put it past them....

@_date: 1995-10-20 10:25:55
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: responce to graphic encryption replies 
Urk.. not wanting to start up the "MIME is Evil, ASCII Forever !" thread
again, but it would help those of us who have to use MIME-supporting mail
programs if you didn't send messages as MIME attachments, pine is too
stupid to actually include the attachment in the reply... Sadly, that's not true. The typical policy is to limit the cryptographic
strength to a level that the NSA or a few hackers can break. IMHO 40-bit
RC4 doesn't come close to being strong enough for commercial purposes, at
least for anything other than trivial messages. So that's about 30 bits ? Hmm, the computer on my desk kicked butt five
years ago, but today it's not much use for anything other than an
X-terminal, and slower than my $1500 laptop. Yet when we were cracking
SSL, it was searching a 28-bit chunk of keyspace every hour or so merely
using the idle cycles. In which case, if it's no harder to detect a
correct decryption than SSL, and no slower to decrypt than RC4, I could
crack your messages in about 4 hours by myself (of course, from what
you've said, it almost certainly *is* harder than that, the question is
*how much* harder).
Incidentally, how do you intend to distribute these secret keys ? Do you have some kind of RSA layer on top, or do I just have to call everyone I want to send faxes to and ask for their key ?
What do you mean here ? What's analogue in this system ? You're running it on digital data in a digital computer, right ?
Perhaps, but it would have to be at least 1000 times harder merely to make it as secure as RC4-40, which we've already shown to be insecure.
                                      ^^^^^^
This seems to be a direct contradiction of what you said above, unless you
plan to send email by creating a bitmap, encrypting the bitmap, and then sending that to the recipient. Some of us don't have T1 links to support that kind of mail... and it won't support, say, sending an executable file or C source code in that message and being able to use it at the other end.
It's also hardly unique, as PGP can readily encrypt any kind of digital data, with much better security.

@_date: 1995-10-20 10:35:32
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: responce to graphic encryption replies 
I said :
AAaarrrgh !
Thank you pine.. I guess it's time to add POP support to privtool so I can use a proper mailer...

@_date: 1995-10-20 11:46:25
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Don't Kill the Messenger--A New Slant on Remailers 
I suspect that I could easily hack this into Mixmaster in a day or two,
but wouldn't it open you to attacks where Anonymous Fed, say, sends
terrorist kiddy-porn through your remailer and busts your ISP during those
60 days for possession ? I'm not sure if it would be better or worse than
current setups from that point of view. I might do it anyway, and set it up to only forward PGP-encrypted messages, but I certainly wouldn't be able to keep messages for 60 days with only a MB or so to spare.
"Yes Judge, when we siezed their computer we found 300 MB of *kiddy porn* and plans for *terrorist attacks* [that we'd mailed to the in the last two

@_date: 1995-10-20 13:46:37
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Don't Kill the Messenger--A New Slant on Remailers 
The trouble is, I can't just add a 1.2 GB disk to my ISP and use it, I have to pay monthly for more space. In addition, it would be time-limited to three months or so in any case, as I'm going to be travelling and wouldn't be able to support it.
Yeah, I was mostly intending it to be a proof-of-concept, not really as an
operational remailer at this point. If it was available as a patch for
Mixmaster, say, then anyone who wanted to run such a remailer and had the
disk space available, would be able to do so. BTW, how would the ECPA apply to, say, bouncing non-PGP messages ? From the sound if it, doing that would be worse from a legal standpoint than not doing it, as it would imply I was censoring the mailfeed in some

@_date: 1995-10-23 09:39:44
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Don't Kill the Messenger--A New Slant on Remailers 
Ok, I have an initial version that works on single-packet messages (there
seems to be a lot of code duplication for multi-packet messages), and
ought to have it finished off and tested by the end of the week. I doubt
I'll be able to set up such a remailer, but I'll release a patch for 2.0.2
and hopefully Lance can incorporate it into the next release as a
compile-time option.

@_date: 1995-10-25 15:13:42
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: CTCP 
If Maude X (the author of CTCP) is still on the list, can they contact me, as I've been playing with it in the last few days and have added new features and increased the RNG security somewhat. If they're not around I'll release an updated 'unofficial' version in a week or two.

@_date: 1995-11-03 04:15:39
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: New Mixmaster Remailer 
This is the official announcement for the Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer that
has been running on ecafe.org for testing purposes for the last few weeks.
The address to send to is mixmaster message reordering
is enabled with a poolsize currently set to two (which may be increased
when we get more traffic), and the key is attached. The remailer is
physically located in the UK.
For more information, check out the Web page at Here is the public key for Ecafe Remailer
ecafe-mix mixmaster fff0d827161069a26ca44dead777c9ec 2.0.1
-----Begin Mix Key-----
-----End Mix Key-----

@_date: 1995-11-15 08:08:44
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
If you want to get really warped, feel free to file a CJR for Privtool,
it's a mail program with crypto hooks but no crypto, and has the added
advantage of being written outside the US but still illegal to export, as
far as I can tell (certainly it's now on the export-controlled section of In fact, maybe I should file one myself, as it's a real pain to have to tell non-US users to get it from a non-US site rather than the 'official' distribution site at c2.org. Can non-US citizens do these things ?

@_date: 1995-11-17 09:25:44
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
How about command-line compression options. Gzip, for example, allows you
to specify how good you want the compression to be, with better
compression taking longer. So you could justify passing a set of options
to the compression algorithm, which could also be used to pass key information to the encryption algorithm. In fact, you could pass in a void * pointer to options that had been set up in a preferences panel in the application, which would be provided by the plug-in compression or encryption code. That structure could then have anything you wanted in it.
Also, I'm not sure you'd need to pass a key, surely the encryption code could do all the key-handling itself ?

@_date: 1995-11-24 04:52:39
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: How to order Applied Crypto direct from Bruce Schneier 
Is that the real A5, or the version that was posted to Usenet some time ago ?

@_date: 1995-11-26 23:52:52
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: crypto for porno users 
This is getting distinctly off-topic, but Britain's age of consent is
actually 16 for heterosexual sex, 18 for male homosexuals (unless the
government have changed it back again, they reduced it from 21 a few
months ago), and I think 16 for lesbians. But it's all terribly
complicated, as you pointed out... Incidentally, the "Sun" newspaper, one of the most popular in the UK
(sells 3,000,000-4,000,000 copies daily, AFAIR), has often printed
half-page erotic pictures of topless sixteen-year-old girls. Would this be
"kiddie porn"  in the US ?
OBCrypto: Did anyone ever find out which version of A5 is in Applied Cryptography ?

@_date: 1995-11-30 00:38:57
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: The future will be easy to use (fwd) 
Personally, I just bought a 486/66 laptop, which would have cost almost $1000 with 170 MB hard disk, 4 MB of RAM and Linux (I paid a couple of
hundred extra for a 500 MB disk)... I could have got a Pentium desktop
for the same price if I'd wanted one. So I don't see that there's really a
great advantage to a $ 500 diskless computer (and having worked on Sun
3/50s in the past, I know about all the disadvantages). ObCrypto/Security: My landlord bought himself a computer a couple of weeks
ago after he'd lived without them for over forty years, and has been
enthusing about how easy it makes it for him to do his accounts. He just
read about these diskless machines in a magazine, and his first reaction
was that there was no way he'd keep his accounts information on a remote
server. Obviously people *are* more privacy-aware than they're often given
credit for.

@_date: 1995-12-01 04:44:42
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Credit card theft Re: The future will be easy to use 
no liability for ecash (check the WWW page for the real details). As I'm
not likely to have more than about $ 50 of ecash at any time, I'm not
*that* concerned about it. Big users could transfer payments back into
their dollar account ASAP to avoid most of these problems, just keeping
enough in the ecash account to make any payments that may be required. It's not really any worse than physical cash, as long as the software is
reliable, which it appears to be (I've lost payments in the past, but cancelling them has always worked to get the money back).
I do, and yes, from conversations with them it appears that if someone
gets your secret key and password they can clear out all the money from
your ecash account. This is potentially a real problem for shops, which
have to have a secret key file on the machine they run from. Currently
this even applies to shops that only *accept* ecash, though there may be
an accept-only server out sometime, and I found a way to delete the secret
key itself from the file and still have it work (I forget the exact
details, you basically zero 256 bytes of the file that contain the key,
which appears to be 768-bits according to the debug output, so I don't
know what the extra bits are used for). Shops that pay out need to have an *unencrypted* secret key on the server,
which is scary, but there's not much you can do about it if you're running
on an insecure server...  The only way around it that I can see would be
to withdraw ecash using a secure machine and upload it to your server, so
that the shop could make payments until the ecash supply was depleted and
then you'd manually have to withdraw more. Then if someone broke into your
account they'd get the ecash, but not the key, and you could limit your
exposure to the amount you uploaded at any one time. I'll probably be
doing that once the check I mailed over gets into my ecash account. This is strictly my understanding of the system based on what I've been
told, so hopefully if I'm wrong then someone from DigiCash will correct

@_date: 1995-12-04 01:41:36
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: RE: Do the Right Thing 
Shouldn't that be the "Child Protection, Anti-Terrorism and Electronic Privacy Act of 1996" ?

@_date: 1995-12-07 10:55:04
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Still more on the Digicash protocol 
I think he means you shouldn't use a stream cipher like RC4 that XORs the
plaintext with the generated keystream, since if you know part of the
plaintext, you can XOR those bytes with (the id you want) XOR (the id
being sent) and change the encrypted data so that the payment goes into
your account and not theirs. This is a tough, but potentially feasible
attack if you use that kind of encryption scheme. Is there anywhere that you could use a similar attack on SSL ?

@_date: 1995-12-08 05:45:48
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: Still more on the Digicash protocol 
Exactly.. once you have an active attack set up, it's trivial, but setting
that up is quite hard.

@_date: 1996-01-04 13:33:30
@_author: "Mark Grant, M.A. (Oxon 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
About ten years ago a group I was involved with were thinking about
putting something into space as a publicity stunt. One company we talked
to claimed they could put 1 kg into orbit on one of their sounding rockets
for about $ 30,000 (that's a 1 kg satellite, not $ 30,000 per kg). How
small can you build a "data haven" satellite ? Looking a few years into the future, you could probably stick a
stripped-down Linux laptop with solar cells and a stripped-down satellite
telephone as a Net link on top of a slightly larger rocket and charge for
on-orbit storage using ecash... Using remailers it should be pretty-much
untraceable.

@_date: 1996-01-05 02:53:00
@_author: "Mark Grant, M.A. (Oxon 
@_subject: Re: 2047 bit keys in PGP 
I thought reversible computing could use an arbitarily small amount of energy in computations ? Or is it that you can use it to get down to this level of energy loss, but not below ? I'm not sure.

@_date: 1996-01-10 00:03:03
@_author: "Mark Grant, M.A. (Oxon 
@_subject: Can you break my encryption protocol ? 
I'm trying to put together a simple protocol for encrypting confidential
but typically low-value data (i.e. I don't want people to be able to read
it, but in most cases it wouldn't be catastrophic if they could). I want
it to be completely license-free, so I can't use RSA or other patented
algorithms. It also would only be used inside one organisation, so key
management isn't so much of a problem, and the main attack it has to defend against is packet-sniffing on the Net. It also has to support variable-length keys for ITAR.. The idea is as follows..
Client and server both have copies of a passphrase, of any length.
When starting the connection, client sends 128 random bits to the server.
Both ends take this data, append the passphrase, and use MD5 to generate a session key. If a key of less than 128 bits is required for legal reasons, then the appropriate number of bits are retained, and the rest replaced with bits from the random data that was sent in the clear.
That is, if you're only allowed 40 bit security, you take the first 88
bits that you were sent, and append the last 40 bits of the generated key to give you the session key to use.
You then go off and encrypt the session (probably using 3DES or Blowfish). Can anyone spot any flaws in this system ? The only potential problem I
can see would be that by cracking a number of sessions you could work out
the passphrase. However, I think the number required would still be
infeasible. Also, are there any known problems with using Blowfish for encrypting a
data stream ? I'm assuming it's OK as it's used in PGPfone.

@_date: 1996-01-27 07:54:11
@_author: "Mark Grant, M.A. (Oxon 
@_subject: Re: Doctor Denning 
Actually, I think that's "if everyone could just agree that key escrow is
a good thing, there would be no problem. And if they don't, then we'll
just ban everything else..."

@_date: 1996-02-06 03:24:56
@_author: "Mark Grant, M.A. (Oxon 
@_subject: Telecoms Bill 
Well, if "cypherpunks write code", is there any code we should be writing in response to this?

@_date: 1996-03-03 08:07:04
@_author: "Mark Grant, M.A. (Oxon 
@_subject: Re: Is there any work on entropy-lowering schemes? 
Stealth 1.3 (or is it 1.2?) does that, but it only makes the data look
more like the MSBs, and not *exactly* like the MSBs. I think it's available
from Adam Back's WWW site (

@_date: 1996-03-03 23:11:47
@_author: "Mark Grant, M.A. (Oxon 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Web Browsing 
There's a problem with that. I've noticed several pages recently with hidden mailto: links that aren't marked as such. So you can be happily browsing away through a web proxy only to click on a link and have your real id mailed to the site's owners. As people have mentioned, this is even worse with Javascript.
Note to Netscape people: Is it possible to have an option that will *always*
pop up a mail window and request confirmation before mail is sent out? Or
disable mailto altogether? It would be a lot easier than binary editing the executable to remove all the mailto strings...
Or does it exist? I can't find it.

@_date: 1996-03-04 01:03:52
@_author: "Mark Grant, M.A. (Oxon 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Web Browsers 
[Netscape mailto]
Tried that. Doesn't work with 2.0 on SunOS, it just connects to localhost

@_date: 1996-03-12 07:18:17
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Re: anonymous web pages (Was: SurfWatch) 
I have something like that (not yet finished or released). I run a mailbot
which accepts mail to a unicorn.com address and allows remote updating of
my WWW tree (and a lot of other things, e.g. mailing lists, multiple
mailbox support, etc). It just checks the PGP signature matches the www
key in my PGP keyring, and performs the update if it does. Most of the interest I've had in the release version was from people who
wanted remote updates of their non-anonymous sites by email, but it could
easily be used for anonymous accounts. Much more secure than just using a
plaintext password (of course neither are secure if someone can log into
your account, but if they can do that, they can modify your Web pages
directly).

@_date: 1996-03-14 11:44:52
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Stealth for Mac? 
I've had a request from someone for a copy of Stealth that can run on a
Mac (I have the README for the DOS/Unix version on my Web site). Has
anyone ported it? Or if not, would anyone be able to? You should be able
to just hack up a simple GUI around the main filter code to select input and output files.

@_date: 1996-05-21 15:00:27
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Long-Lived Remailers 
With regard to the problems of remailers being shut down when we want
long-lived addresses, wouldn't seperating the input and output be one
possibility? That is (like Hal's Alumni remailer) you'd send mail to
'remailer and it would be forwarded via a disposable account
elsewhere. All messages would appear to come from 'disposable and
if that account was shut down a new one could be opened to replace it
while incoming mail simply backed up at the main remailer account. The only potential problem I could see would be that the disposable ISP
might have logs which could track the outgoing messages back to the other
account. You'd also obviously need to open the disposable account
anonymously or using an ISP who'd protect your identity.

@_date: 1996-05-21 10:10:43
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Ooops 
I see my brilliant idea has already been suggested. Remind me never to post when I'm a hundred messages behind in future...

@_date: 1996-05-22 04:29:48
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Re: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
I have a partial implementation of this for Mixmaster if anyone wants to
try integrating it into the main code. It works (or worked) for single
packet messages but I never finished the multi-packet code. Of course, if
Mixmaster is being rewritten anyway then it won't be much use. AFAIR it also relies on the 'In-Reply-To:' field in the header working

@_date: 1996-05-22 04:44:54
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Re: Long-Lived Remailers 
Yeah, but the attack model I was assuming was lawyers rather than
intelligence agencies. The NSA could probably easily link the two
together, but the Church of Foobar(tm) probably couldn't. They'd only have
access to the logs on the ISP and the information you gave when you signed
up, not the raw packets on the Net.

@_date: 1996-05-22 04:26:48
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Re: MixMaster fair use 
Isn't that because it uses RSAREF? AFAIR the RSAREF license says you can't
use any RSAREF applications commercially without paying license fees.

@_date: 1996-05-23 06:41:28
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Re: Bit tax proposal? 
Gosh, so the TV and radio companies would get to broadcast tax-free and
the rest of us would have to pay. Not like this is intended to turn the
scary old Internet into the digital equivalent of the broadcast media. I'm sure that idea never even considered crossing their minds...
Hmm, maybe "Cypherpunks Productions" should start broadcasting soap operas
and gameshows with email and Usenet stego-ed into the low bits.

@_date: 1996-05-24 07:53:28
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Re: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
Easy on Unix - just create N links to the same file, delete each link as
the recipient requests it, and delete all remaining links after D days.

@_date: 1996-06-04 06:39:08
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: [Noisy] More curfews (was Re: opinions on book "The Truth Machine") 
Interesting that the day after you posted this the front-page of the UK's
major newspapers carried a story about the Labour party proposing
precisely the same thing in the UK. Of course the cops already have
surveillance cameras all over the place. I tried it a few weeks ago when they stopped me for a random breath test
(illegal as far as I know) after following me for three miles while I
scrupulously obeyed the law. They originally claimed that they had stopped
me randomly, because "that's what I pay them for", but when I questioned
the legality they decided that I'd crossed the centerline while passing a
parked car and therefore must be drunk (even though my car was too wide to
not cross the line). In other words, I don't think they care about the
legal issues. Still, I suppose it's better than being stopped for "driving
at 2:30 in the morning" again. Hmm, who said the UK didn't have a curfew
already? Gun-thieves will love that one. Why steal them one at a time when you can steal twenty or thirty in one go?

@_date: 1996-06-05 14:31:06
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant, ULC" 
@_subject: Re: Class III InfoWar: TST Article 
Hate to tell ya, but I read this article on Sunday on the front page of a
real, physical, paper copy of the Sunday Times. Now admittedly I read it
in a film studio so they might have faked it, but that would be some
strange coincidence.

@_date: 1996-08-26 19:15:02
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: MUD anyone? 
Would anyone out there be interested in helping set up a crypto-anarcho-capitalist MUD to play around with some of the social aspects of crypto-anarchy and anarcho-capitalism? I can probably hack together a basic lpmud in a month or two if someone has a machine which it could run on and which could run a mailing list for those involved. On the software front, there's a demo of version 0.86 of Privtool on
utopia.hacktic.nl in /pub/replay/pub/PGP/unix (or something like that),
and my mailbot is also on there somewhere. Amongst other things that
allows you to remotely maintain Web pages by sending PGP-signed email
(actually, PGP-encrypted would probably also work if you don't mind
leaving a secret key on the system with no passphrase). Doesn't yet
protect against replay attacks and there are a few known bugs but it's only an Alpha. If anyone wants to use it for real I can mail you a patch for the worst problems.
Finally, does anyone outside the US have the last few months of the list
available for ftp? I'd like to catch up on what I've missed since I
unsubscribed and using the Web archive is far too slow and expensive.
Please send replies to me directly as I'm travelling and consequently off the list. Looks like I'll be on a mad bus trip round New Zealand for most of next month so Net access will be erratic.

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:23:59
@_author: "Rev. Mark Grant" 
@_subject: Re: MUD anyone? 
Cool. What's it running under? I was planning to base it around the latest
version of the Nightmare library for MudOS, which I just downloaded. If I
can get a copy somehow I could start hacking on it. All sounds like good stuff to me... DC Nets as well, of course. I guess we
should also simulate the Net somehow, with Web servers, email, etc. Though the Nightmare library apparently lets you create Mud objects which
can access the Web so perhaps we can use the real one somehow (with the obvious security implications).
What else?
Protection Agencies
Escrow Agencies
Private Law Courts (probably controlled by players rather than the
Reputation Agencies
I think it should be incorporated, but I think that people can set them up
easily themselves. Perhaps we should have an NPC-run 'Assasins Inc' which
would run the lottery, and then players could do the actual 'wet work'. But yes, I'd really like to see how this would work in the game. As I said I'm thinking of this more as a semi-scientific experiment than a pure game. We have some idea of how this stuff should work in theory, but little of how it works in practice.
I do think though that we'd have to enforce some kind of rule against
'disposable characters', otherwise people could simply create a new
character every time they were killed trying to assasinate someone. There
would need to be some disadvantage to just going in guns-blazing and being
killed ten times in a row. Yep, I agree. I would like to include the real protocols but it's going to
be far too slow. So we could create, say, remailer objects, anonymous
digital cash objects, etc. As long as they have the same properties in
'SimAnarchy' as they would in real life then the actual behind the scene
mechanics don't matter. We could, perhaps, allow characters to break protocols if they could accumulate enough processing power.
I don't know how low a level we'd want to go to. I think that having an
explicit group of remailers (and 'IP rerouters') would be a good idea as it would allow people to try to crack messages and perform traffic analysis. Some remailers could be run by NPCs (some of whom would be trustworthy and some wouldn't), others by the players themselves (with or without logging I'd like to also include some way by which players could write 'software'
even if they weren't able to create new objects for the game. So they could
perhaps write front-ends for remailers and give them away or sell them to
other players.
Part of me thinks that we should explicitly state that anything may be
logged and used in sociological research. Perhaps we could create some
kind of secure protocol to allow users to connect without revealing their
real identities, so that it wouldn't matter if they were logged?
Anyone want to set up a mailing list for this discussion?

@_date: 1996-12-05 17:18:05
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: PGP Tools for Linux 
Now that I'm back in Europe I've been able to do some more work on Privtool
(PGP-aware mail-reader for X11 on SunOS/Solaris, Linux and FreeBSD) and
should be releasing version 0.86 once I've fixed the last segmentation fault
(see my Web site for details of the latest changes). In the meantime I've finally got around to fixing one of the early PGP Tools
versions that escaped to Europe so that it works on Linux (and probably
FreeBSD). I'm just about to upload pgptools.linux.1.0.tar.gz to
utopia.hacktic.nl and idea.sec.dsi.unimi.it, so it should be available there
shortly. I'm not back on the list yet, so send any mail to this address.

@_date: 1996-12-06 05:44:10
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: PGP DLLs for Windows 
BTW, someone was looking for PGP DLLs for Windows. There is a PGP Tools DLL
documented at  though I presume
that's as patent-infringing in the US as PGP Tools. I haven't seen the code
as it doesn't seem to have escaped to Europe yet.

@_date: 1996-12-23 03:44:48
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Privtool 0.87 
I've finally released a new version of Privtool -- my PGP-aware X-windows
mailreader for Linux, SunOS, FreeBSD and Solaris. Version 0.86 is
available on utopia.hacktic.nl in the incoming directory (and possibly
elsewhere) and I'll be uploading 0.87 shortly. For more details and
screenshots see  -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Privtool ("Privacy Tool") is intended to be a PGP-aware replacement for the standard Sun Workstation mailtool program, with a similar user interface and automagick support for PGP-signing and PGP-encryption. Just to make things clear, I have written this program from scratch, it is
*not* a modified mailtool (and I'd hope that the Sun program code
is much cleaner than mine 8-) !). When the program starts up, it displays a list of messages in your mailbox, along with flags to indicate whether messages are signed or encrypted, and if they have had their signatures verified or have been decrypted.
When you double click on a message, it will be decrypted (requesting
your passphrase if neccesary), and/or will have the signature checked,
and the decrypted message will be displayed in the top part of the
display window, with signature information in the bottom part. The
mail header is not displayed, but can be read by pressing the 'Header'
button to display the header window. In addition, the program has
support for encrypted mailing list feeds, and if the decrypted
message includes another standard-format message it will replace
the original message and be fed back into the display processing
When composing a message or replying to one, the compose window has
several check-boxes, including one for signature, and one for
encryption. If these are selected, then the message will be automatically
encrypted and/or signed (requesting your passphrase when neccesary) before
it is sent. You may also select a 'Remail' box, which will use the
Mixmaster anonymous remailer client program to send the message through
one or more remailers.
Being an Beta release, there are a number of bugs and unimplemented
Known Bugs:
Unimplmented features:
Changes for 0.87:
Changes for 0.86:
Privtool can be compiled to either use PGP Tools, or to fork off a copy of
PGP whenever it is needed. There are also a number of different security
level options for the passphrase, varying from 'read it from PGPPASS and
keep it in memory' to 'request it every time and delete it as soon as
possible', via 'request it when neccesary and delete it if it's not used
for a while'.
I've now patched PGP Tools for Linux. The code is available on
utopia.hacktic.nl as pgptools.linux.1.0.tar.gz.
See the README file for information on compiling the code, and the
user.doc file for user documentation (the little that currently exists). You should also ensure that you read the security concerns
section in user.doc before using the program.
"[Hollywood's] way is so slow and expensive that you'll find yourself
 falling asleep on the set and forgetting to say 'action'."

@_date: 1997-02-07 11:56:52
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
I have to agree. I'm only a 'cypherpunk' in the sense of setting up
various crypto-related Web sites and writing and giving away thousands of
lines of cryptography code rather than regularly posting to the list, but
my main concern is that the default for the list has gone from anarchy to
moderation. If the users of the list truly believe in anarchistic solutions to
problems then the moderated list should exist *in addition* to the
unmoderated list, rather than replacing it. In a truly anarchistic society
the cypherpunks list would be an unmoderated forum full of spam and
opinions related in some way to the list topics and numerous moderators
would charge us for their versions of the list in which they simply pass
on the messages they like. We could then choose a moderator whose
interests are similar to ours and pay them for providing us with
apropriate information. IMHO this is the way that mailing lists and Usenet
are likely to evolve as they become too large for us to read and react to
all posts; we should be in the vanguard of creating appropriate solutions
to the problems. Providing a moderated list which saves me from dowloading spam is a
worthwhile exercise which is potentially valuable to me (and I'm grateful
to Sandy for offering such a service for free), but I do not believe that
it should be the default for new subscribers.

@_date: 1997-02-15 17:11:11
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: anonymity and e-cash 
Isn't this the way that 'Magic Money' works? You don't have to open an
account at the bank, you simply exchange the cash you receive for new cash
which you can then spend.

@_date: 1997-02-18 17:11:32
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: MagicMoney 
All the documentation that came with my copy is at That was enough for me to set it up and play with it a couple of years

@_date: 1997-02-07 10:39:37
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
I have to agree. I'm only a 'cypherpunk' in the sense of setting up
various crypto-related Web sites and writing and giving away thousands of
lines of cryptography code rather than regularly posting to the list, but
my main concern is that the default for the list has gone from anarchy to
moderation. If the users of the list truly believe in anarchistic solutions to
problems then the moderated list should exist *in addition* to the
unmoderated list, rather than replacing it. In a truly anarchistic society
the cypherpunks list would be an unmoderated forum full of spam and
opinions related in some way to the list topics and numerous moderators
would charge us for their versions of the list in which they simply pass
on the messages they like. We could then choose a moderator whose
interests are similar to ours and pay them for providing us with
apropriate information. IMHO this is the way that mailing lists and Usenet
are likely to evolve as they become too large for us to read and react to
all posts; we should be in the vanguard of creating appropriate solutions
to the problems. Providing a moderated list which saves me from dowloading spam is a
worthwhile exercise which is potentially valuable to me (and I'm grateful
to Sandy for offering such a service for free), but I do not believe that
it should be the default for new subscribers.

@_date: 1997-02-15 15:58:23
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: anonymity and e-cash 
Isn't this the way that 'Magic Money' works? You don't have to open an
account at the bank, you simply exchange the cash you receive for new cash
which you can then spend.

@_date: 1997-02-18 14:48:06
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: MagicMoney 
All the documentation that came with my copy is at That was enough for me to set it up and play with it a couple of years

@_date: 1997-04-28 02:41:49
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Textual Analysis of Spam 
I'm currently writing a spam-filter and bouncing messages based on header
information and keyword counts. This gets about 80% of the spam, but also
gives about 1% false positives. Has anyone done any more sophisticated
analysis of spam text than this? I can't find anything on the Web.

@_date: 1997-05-22 19:46:15
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Spam IS Free Speech 
It's worse than that; some asshole has just sent out a spam with a forged
return address at $$$$ There is absolutely nothing I can do
to stop people sending such forgeries, yet my mailbox is about to explode
with megabytes of complaints and mailbombs. I hate to think what kind of
mess I'll have to deal with when I get back from my holiday next week. Anyone know how to track down the owner of 1-800-322-6169 EXT 2561, the
only contact information in the spam? I'm not in the US so I can't call
them to complain. Is there any way I and the spammees could take legal
action against them without spending vast amounts of money?
P.S. Privtool 0.90 is just out at utopia.hacktic.nl; I'll send a proper
announcement soon. Privtool is a PGP-aware mail program for X-windows, see
details at

@_date: 1997-05-22 20:51:07
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Spam IS Free Speech 
Thanks... unfortunately all I have is an IP address (206.9.80.114), which
resolves to somewhere at means.net. I've mailed them but guess they're all
asleep at the moment.

@_date: 1997-05-23 01:35:02
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Forgeries are your Friend 
Yes, there certainly are advantages, though I wonder what will happen if
any of these 'junk email' laws go through. Next time someone decides to
spam with a forged unicorn.com address I could end up in court (of course
this is one of the many reasons why I'm against those laws even in the
current circumstances). At least this has givne me the incentive to set up
a proper email-filtering system even if it's wasted most of a day.
There's also something to be said for PGP-signing all your innocuous
posts; that could give you a greater potential for denial if you had a
history of signing and the 'dangerous' posts were unsigned.

@_date: 1997-05-23 01:49:37
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Forgeries are your Friend 
Sure, I was talking in general; my point only applies to those who make
more 'government approved' posts than 'dangerous' ones. Of course there's
still no guarantee that next year I won't be presented with an old signed
post about something which was innocuous and is now hideously illegal.
On the subject of deniability perhaps we should all publically state that
we've forgotten the passphrase to some of the encrypted files we have
lying around and see if that works in court if we ever end up there. I
know I have a couple of secret keys whose passphrases I've forgotten and
had a few files which I may have deleted.

@_date: 1997-05-23 18:07:14
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Forgeries are your Friend 
I was thinking more of talking about things you do which are now legal but
later banned. For example a signed admission of smoking followed by a ban
and 'war on tobacco'. Not enough to lock you away for, but possibly enough
to make you a candidate for a dawn raid by the 'jackbooted fascists'; I'm
sure that if you had a nice piece of land to seize the message would be
used as evidence to back up an 'anonymous tip' about cigarette dealing in
order to get a warrant.

@_date: 1997-05-28 03:06:55
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Privtool 0.90 release 
Privtool ("Privacy Tool") is intended to be a PGP-aware replacement for the standard Sun Workstation mailtool program, with a similar user interface and automagick support for PGP-signing and PGP-encryption. Just to make things clear, I have written this program from scratch, it is
*not* a modified mailtool (and I hope that the Sun program code is much cleaner than mine 8-) !). It can be compiled using either Motif or the
Xview toolkit.
When the program starts up, it displays a list of messages in your mailbox, along with flags to indicate whether messages are signed or encrypted, and if they have had their signatures verified or have been decrypted.
When you double click on a message, it will be decrypted (requesting
your passphrase if neccesary), and/or will have the signature checked,
and the decrypted message will be displayed in the top part of the
display window, with signature information in the bottom part. The
mail header is not displayed, but can be read by pressing the 'Header'
button to display the header window. In addition, the program has
support for encrypted mailing list feeds, and if the decrypted
message includes another standard-format message it will replace
the original message and be fed back into the display processing
chain. A recent feature is support for decoding nymserver messages
using premail.
When composing a message or replying to one, the compose window has
several check-boxes, including one for signature, and one for
encryption. If these are selected, then the message will be automatically
encrypted and/or signed (requesting your passphrase when neccesary) before
it is sent. You may also select a 'Remail' box, which will use the
Mixmaster anonymous remailer client program to send the message through
one or more remailers.
As a Beta release, it has a number of bugs and unimplemented features.
Known Bugs:
Unimplemented features:
Changes for 0.90:
Privtool can be compiled to either use PGP Tools, or to fork off a copy of
PGP whenever it is needed. There are also a number of different security
level options for the passphrase, varying from 'read it from PGPPASS and
keep it in memory' to 'request it every time and delete it as soon as
possible', via 'request it when neccesary and delete it if it's not used
for a while'.
I've now patched PGP Tools for Linux. The code is available on
utopia.hacktic.nl as pgptools.linux.1.0.tar.gz. The official Privtool
Web Page is at  and the
release site ftp://utopia.hacktic.nl/pub/crypto/pgp/utils/privtool/.
See the README file for information on compiling the code, and the
user.doc file for user documentation (the little that currently exists). You should also ensure that you read the security concerns
section in user.doc before using the program.

@_date: 1997-06-05 17:34:58
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Who "invented" remailers? 
Privtool (my PGP-aware mail program for Unix) has supported Mixmaster
remailing for years (just click a box and off it goes) and would also
support nym.alias.net if it hadn't gone down just as I started building in
the capability (it currently supports decryption but not posting). Anyone
who wants to use my remailing code is free to rip it off under the GPL.
Currently there are at least two people developing Private Idaho and
possibly more. However, even command-line Mixmaster remailing is much
simpler than using the Type-I remailers. I've been playing with Premail and found it pretty easy to use. As I said
above, reliability is the main problem; particularly when you lose the
entire domain now and again.

@_date: 1997-06-12 22:34:19
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Photo ID is not needed for key signings... 
No, they're binding supposedly government-issued ids to keys. There's a
There are three problems with signing keys based on government-issued ids.
 1. There's no link between a driver's license and an email address,
    so anyone with a license for 'Mark Grant' could claim to be the
    owner of the 'mark key.
 2. Governments will issue fake ids to their agents, so there's no     proof that that 'Mark Grant' is 'really' 'Mark Grant' and not
    'Joe Sasquatch, NSA, FBI, BATF'.
 3. Thieves have got fed up with faking individual licenses and can
    now do so wholesale; see the following from a recent RISKS
    Digest (18:94)

@_date: 1997-06-23 21:20:22
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: New PGP signatures 
Could I humbly request that people don't post the new (SHA?) PGP
signatures to the list for the time being as it's a pain in the ass for
those of us outside the US who don't yet have the ability to read them.
PGP 2.6.x error handling doesn't know what to do with them and it breaks
our mail-processing code.

@_date: 1997-06-24 17:20:51
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: New PGP signatures (fwd) 
It's kind of hard to modify the code when I'm still waiting for the PGP
5.0 code to be made available. I can't do a lot until people finish
OCR-ing it. Precisely; it returns an error and drops out. It *does not* output the
signed message to stdout as it would do if it were an RSA-signed message,
so it just looks like an empty message. At the moment I have better things
to do, but I guess if people are going to use non-standard message formats
they don't want us to read what they write anyway.

@_date: 1997-07-11 03:47:51
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: More PGP volunteers needed 
Well, when I mailed Stale about it a week or two ago he said he already
had over seventy volunteers. The problem may just be latency; my hundred
pages took about twelve hours of mind-numbing work to correct (mostly
spent getting the right number and combination of spaces and tabs in
strings), so while I was able to do it in two days I could certainly
understand some people taking a week or more to finish theirs. Plus, of
course, the inevitable delays from sending the pages out by snail-mail.         Mark

@_date: 1997-08-06 19:28:30
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Eternity Uncensorable? 
Seems to me there's a fundamental flaw with the current Eternity server;
as I understand it the messages are identified by a subject which is the
SHA of their URL, so all that a government need do to censor a particular
site is to scan for those messages and issue cancels. Sure, your site and
those upstream may not accept such messages, but potentially they can
still wipe out a large fraction of the system or at least force users to
change their eternity URLs on a regular basis.
It also doesn't provide true security, since when someone sets up an illegal site the gubment can find the messages on Usenet, decrypt them, and then threaten the remailer operator who posted them.
I understand that this is just an alpha release, but I don't see any
obvious way to fix these problems with a Usenet-based system.

@_date: 1997-08-06 22:19:55
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Eternity Uncensorable? 
Ditto. We'd have to assume that it's pretty widespread to avoid these I'd assume that in the end this is what most people would do; get a Usenet
feed and run a server locally so that noone knows which URLs you're
accessing. That's not what I meant; I'm assuming that the mixmaster chain is pretty
secure. The problem is that when the government find 'nuclear terrorist
money-laundering kiddie drug porn' on the Eternity server they can trace
it back to the original Usenet message and then go after the remailer
operator who posted it. Making the remailers disposable or setting them up
in free countries would work, but I'd prefer a technical solution.

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:20:13
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: non-censorous spam control (was Re: Spam is Information?) 
Yep; which is why it's a bad idea. We don't need net postage to pay the
ISP, we need net postage to pay *me* to read the spam. Making them pay
$0.0001 to send a message will have little impact, but making them pay me
$1 to read it certainly will (i.e. my filters could block all potential
spam unless it includes a dollar of ecash). I have no problem with
spammers subsidising my Net access, I just object to having to pay for
their crap. I've seen one spam in the last two weeks. The other 100k or so was blocked
by my filters; I'm almost starting to miss it. When you actually sit down
and analyse the spam most of it has so many obvious 'spam-tags' that you
can easily work out a set of rules to catch them. The only disadvantage is
that on a couple of occasions it's caught mail from friends when they sent
it through a site which appends advertising rather than from their normal
address.

@_date: 1997-08-11 18:57:31
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Comments on PGP5.0 OCR (was Re: fyi, pgp source now available , internationally) 
(The former no longer seems to work, presumably because the machine is
packed up and on its way home.)
I just wanted to make a few comments on the proofreading, in case anyone
feels like releasing software in a similar manner in future:
The original printed and OCR-ed source gave a single checksum for each
page, with four bits per line. It also ignored whitespace except in
strings and comments. This meant that people could rapidly process the
majority of the code to produce something which wasn't terribly pretty but
functioned correctly. However, because there were only four bits per line
an incorrect line could pass the checksum; this would still be detected
because the checksums were chained, but it could mean that when an error
was detected you had to check several lines to find the invalid one. Presumably because of this the OCR-ed pages at HIP included a per-line
checksum. This was good... but... it also checksummed the whitespace. This wasn't a problem in theory, because tabs were indicated by a special
character. However, most lines had both tabs *and* spaces and there was no
way to see where the spaces were because they were overrriden by the tab
(e.g. "movax,23; Stuff"). As a consequence
the proofreading went very slowly until some valiant folks (who may or may
not wish to be identified, so I won't) worked overnight to put together a
program to brute-force the checksum by trying all possible combinations of
tabs and spaces until it found the right one. So for a future effort could we please have the per-line checksums but
ignore the whitespace unless it's important (e.g. comments and strings
again)? Or if you want to ensure that the whitespace is identical between
versions, please either strip out unneccesary spaces or use a special
character for them so we can see precisely where they are. If all we want
is functioning code, then it doesn't have to look pretty; we can feed it
through a code prettifier like indent when it's functionally correct.

@_date: 1997-08-13 02:10:13
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: HIP hip hooray 
Hey, Zooko! You were the only Cypherpunk who made the article in the
'Independent' (by that blonde reporter who was wandering around), though
Lucky Green was mentioned by name. '"[hacking] can be a wonderful thing", explained Zooco, a member of the
CypherPunks. "Pretty much every useful aspect of modern computing was
devised by hackers -- like the Internet and email."'
So did she spell your name wrong, or were you using a pseudonym ;-) ?

@_date: 1997-10-22 18:10:30
@_author: within the company 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 CMR/GAK: a possible solution 
[Posted to cypherpunks, cc:-ed to Jon Callas]
You know, in the last few days I've read a lot of messages on both sides
of this debate, and I've umm-ed and ahh-ed and slowly gone from thinking
that what PGP are doing is evil to thinking that it's just bad. While I
believe that Adam Back's suggestions for alternate systems are good and
neccesary ideas for the long-term, I'm coming to the conclusion that PGP
are heading in the right direction for the short-term, but have things
backwards. The current system sends out a user's personal key, with a tag to say that
if I don't encrypt to the company as well, my mail will bounce. But think
about this: how often do I want to send email to a particular person in a
company, and ensure that only they see it? And how often do I want to send
mail to a particular group inside a company? All I want is to ensure that
I get a response from the company, I usually don't care who I talk to in the
So PGP's "everything private unless you choose to make it public" system
seems backwards. Surely what we really need to meet these customer demands
is an "everything public (within the company) unless you choose to make it
private" system? That is, all mail to my department inside the company
should be encrypted to a department key, shared by all members, *unless*
it is confidential, in which case it should *only* be encrypted to me. Here's how I see this working: when Joe Blow joins Foo-Bah Cryptosystems,
he creates his own personal PGP key. He also gets a copy of the department
key, which he can use to decrypt any mail which is encrypted to his
department; or this decryption could be handled automatically by a
department email server to ensure that individuals never have access to the
department's private key. PGP then creates a public key for 'Joe Blow
', which would be the department key with a signed tag
linking it to his personal public key. This is the tagged corporate public
key which he would give out to any customers. When a customer wishes to send email to Joe, he would use this public key.
When encrypting, PGP would detect the tag and put up a dialog box pointing
out that this is a corporate key and if they click on the 'confidential'
button it will be encrypted to the user's personal key prior to encrypting
to the corporate key (by which I mean superencryption, to avoid traffic
analysis). The default would be not to superencrypt; and as a side effect
this system would be compatible with any version of PGP for
non-confidential mail (assuming that version understands the encryption
algorithms in use). The effect of this is that if someone wants to send email about an urgent
bug and I'm out at lunch, any of my co-workers can read that mail. But if
they want to send *me* mail about confidential inter-company negotiations,
the co-workers could decrypt the outer layer of the message, but would be
blocked by the inner layer encryption to my personal key. As I see it, this system is simple, solves the problems which PGP claim
they need to solve without creating the snooping problems Tim and others
have discussed, cannot easily be adapted to GAK ('This message is to be
encrypted to the FBI public key. If it is confidential, click here to
superencrypt to the recipient's personal key'), and won't require a
massive change to the PGP source code. There are some obvious security issues with having the department key
shared amongst the members of the department, but I don't see that they
are any worse than PGP's current CMR implementation, which has already
discussed the use of department keys; it's certainly better than using
plaintext. There are also problems with encrypting confidential mail to
multiple recipients, but they're surmountable; an easy solution, if you
don't care about traffic analysis, is to only encrypt confidential mail
to the personal key rather than superencrypt with the corporate key. In most cases such mail wouldn't be sent to multiple recipients anyway. So here's how I'd see the simple system working:
A PGP CMR key would consist of
1. A corporate key; this might be company-wide, department-wide, or
   an individual escrowed key; this choice is a seperate key-management
   issue for the corporation.
2. Optionally a personal key, which could only be decrypted by the
   individual.
3. A signature from the corporate key linking the personal key to it
   and the specified User Id.
4. Optional flag to indicate which key to encrypt to by default.
5. User Id, signatures, etc
When PGP was asked to encrypt to such a key, it would check for the
optional personal key. If it wasn't there, it would put up a warning
box to tell the user that the message can be read by people other than
the recipient. If it is, then it would put up a dialog box allowing the
user to choose whether to encrypt to the corporate key or the individual
key, normally defaulting to the corporate key. This system could not easily
become GAK because it will only encrypt to one of the keys and not both;
the FBI could create FBI CMR keys from all our public keys, but then PGP
would either encrypt to the FBI and I wouldn't be able to read it, or
encrypt to me and the FBI wouldn't be able to read it.
Anyone care to pick any holes?
        Mark

@_date: 1997-10-22 20:10:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP 5.5 CMR/GAK: a possible solution 
I'm not sure that it's quite what you're suggesting, but I was thinking that
this idea could be extended to an arbitrary hierachy; for example, company
key, department key, individual escrowed key, individual-only key. The sender
could then choose which of these keys to encrypt to based on the sensitivity
of the message. Again, this couldn't be extended to GAK because if the FBI
were to put themselves at the top of the hierachy we wouldn't be able to read
any mail which was encrypted to their key!
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-23 18:26:59
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP 5.5 CMR/GAK: a possible solution 
On the contrary, it is *not* CMR. CMR encrypts to multiple keys for a single
recipient. This system only ever encrypts to one key per recipient. PGP 5.5's
ability to force people to encrypt to multiple keys for one recipient is the
evil aspect of the design, because it's the one which allows it to be used
to enforce GAK. PGP's CMR can be used to force everyone to encrypt to the
FBI as well as the NSA. My system can't.
I tried very hard to make this distinction clear in my description. I'm amazed that so many people seemed to miss it.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-23 19:53:00
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
No, PGP Inc 'just don't get it'. I'm sure that there are plenty of people
out there who disagree with the entire concept of CMR, and I'm not very
happy with it myself. But that's not the most important issue here.
Since this point just doesn't seem to get through to PGP Inc employees, I'm
going to shout.
FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM
GAK. FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK! FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK!! FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK!! !!!*FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK*!!!
Is that clear enough? Do you understand what I (and, apparently, Adam Back
and others) am saying now? The problem is not so much with the fact that
you're supporting company needs, but with the way you're doing so.
Just as government-supported rating schemes are purely voluntary and will
be so for, oh, I don't know, a couple of years? Once the infrastructure is
there, we need only an executive order to make it mandatory. If this software ships in its current form and becomes the dominant player in the
market, in four or five years all keys will be GMR keys with the FBI or
NSA as one mandatory recipient. You 'privacy zealots' will have created the
government's surveillance infrastructure. I hope you'll feel proud.
Good. Then reimplement it to avoid giving the government a GAK/GMR
infrastructure. Yesterday I posted a modified version of PGP's CMR to
the cypherpunks list which can't be used for GAK because it only encrypts
to one key; Jon Callas just told me I'd 'redesigned PGP 5.5'. Cool. I've redesigned PGP 5.5 so that it can't support GAK; in that case, please implement it, or accept that you're deliberately choosing to support the thugs in governments around the world and have become part of the problem.
Just 'mandatory voluntary' for companies which have your SMTP enforcer
enabled. What's the difference?
So prove it. Stop working on creating a GMR/GAK infrastructure. The current
PGP CMR system has numerous problems which many people have pointed out on
the cypherpunks list, and you'd do better to solve those problems rather than see them in a major New York Times article about '101 Ways PGP 5.5 Harms Company Security'. How long will PGP Inc last when it's reputation for providing secure products is in tatters, because it chose to release a product which deliberately reduced company security and opened them to new threats, rather than redesign their CMR to remove these problems?
The current CMR implementation is bad for us, bad for PGP Inc's commercial
customers, and bad for PGP Inc. Why is this so hard for you to accept? Why
ship a bad product when you can fix the problems?
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-23 19:57:04
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
[Resent because god-damned Netscape screwed up the line-breaks]
No, PGP Inc 'just don't get it'. I'm sure that there are plenty of people
out there who disagree with the entire concept of CMR, and I'm not very
happy with it myself. But that's not the most important issue here.
Since this point just doesn't seem to get through to PGP Inc employees, I'm going to shout.
FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK. FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK! FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK!! FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK!! !!!*FORCING ENCRYPTION TO MULTIPLE KEYS FOR ONE RECIPIENT IS ONE STEP AWAY FROM GAK*!!!
Is that clear enough? Do you understand what I (and, apparently, Adam Back and others) am saying now? The problem is not so much with the fact that you're supporting company needs, but with the way you're doing so.
Just as government-supported rating schemes are purely voluntary and will be so for, oh, I don't know, a couple of years? Once the infrastructure is there, we need only an executive order to make it mandatory. If this software ships in its current form and becomes the dominant player in the
market, in four or five years all keys will be GMR keys with the FBI or
NSA as one mandatory recipient. You 'privacy zealots' will have created the government's surveillance infrastructure. I hope you'll feel proud.
Good. Then reimplement it to avoid giving the government a GAK/GMR
infrastructure. Yesterday I posted a modified version of PGP's CMR to
the cypherpunks list which can't be used for GAK because it only encrypts to one key; Jon Callas just told me I'd 'redesigned PGP 5.5'. Cool. I've redesigned PGP 5.5 so that it can't support GAK; in that case, please implement it, or accept that you're deliberately choosing to support the thugs in governments around the world and have become part of the problem.
Just 'mandatory voluntary' for companies which have your SMTP enforcer
enabled. What's the difference?
So prove it. Stop working on creating a GMR/GAK infrastructure. The current PGP CMR system has numerous problems which many people have pointed out on the cypherpunks list, and you'd do better to solve those problems rather than see them in a major New York Times article about '101 Ways PGP 5.5 Harms Company Security'. How long will PGP Inc last when it's reputation for providing secure products is in tatters, because it chose to release a product which deliberately reduced company security and opened them to new threats, rather than redesign their CMR to remove these problems?
The current CMR implementation is bad for us, bad for PGP Inc's commercial customers, and bad for PGP Inc. Why is this so hard for you to accept? Why ship a bad product when you can fix the problems?
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-23 22:03:32
@_author: if the option existed 
@_subject: Re: PGP 5.5 CMR/GAK: a possible solution 
Hmm, as usual, you make a good point. The uses I was thinking of were the
kind of uses that people have suggested as reasons for CMR; emailing orders,
etc to companies. Today I rarely do that because telephoning companies is
much easier, and in the future I'd expect to be sending most of them over
the Web rather than by email. I presume these *are* the kind of uses that
PGP Inc are expecting, since their system seems to have no other value except as snoopware.
Yep, which is basically what I was suggesting. The user chooses which key to use based on their perception of the sensitivity of the message, not the enforced company policy. If it's confidential, it's confidential; if
the company think I'm up to no good they can come around and force me to decrypt a particular message, or sack me if I refuse. Their call.
Ditto, at least if it's PGP's current 'mandatory voluntary' snoopware design. I won't be running any version of PGP which includes this 'feature' in its current form; I would also suggest that we boycott any scanning and proofreading efforts for future versions of PGP which include
this code, or remove it from the source before release. If PGP's commercial
customers lose business as a result, that's their choice.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-24 18:06:29
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
Lucky, did you actually read anything I wrote, or is this merely another
knee-jerk response?
If you can explain the following, then I'll accept that my fears are merely
1. How PGP can prevent CMR being converted into GMR; their system builds
   all the code required to support mandatory encryption to FBI and NSA
   keys into every copy of PGP.
2. Why PGP prefer this option to almost identical systems which do not
   allow GMR. They don't even seem to be interested in discussing
   alternatives.
These are the important questions we should be asking and noone on the
pro-PGP side seems interested in answering them. Why?
Frankly, this issue seems to be the most important since Clipper, and I'm
amazed that so many cypherpunks are so dazzled by PGP's name that they
refuse to sit and think these issues through.     Mark

@_date: 1997-10-24 19:55:36
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
Gosh, so I can just remove that packet and all my mail will bounce. What
fun. This seems to be one of the mantras which pro-PGP folks are chanting: 'But there are easy ways to work around it, just modify your copy of PGP
and it will all work fine'. Indeed there are; I have no doubt that there
is no way that anyone could entirely prevent me from communicating privately
with a few people. But what happens when I want to check whether the local
Blockbuster have a copy of 'Debbie does Fort Meade'; will they have modified
their software so I can send mail to them without GMR? Of course not. So
99.9% of my mail will still be visible to the government.
*IT'S NOT THE MULTIPLE RECIPIENTS THAT ARE THE PROBLEM, IT'S BUILDING THE
'MANDATORY VOLUNTARY' MULTIPLE ENCRYPTION INTO EVERY COPY OF PGP WHICH IS
THE PROBLEM* This is the other mantra that PGP supporters chant 'Oh, but
it could all be done with PGP 2.6.2 and a few scripts'. Of course it could,
but only a few people would choose to use those filters. If the government
were to set up SMTP enforcers in various choke-points around the Net (and
I'm aware of the performance issues) then anyone using PGP would have to
encrypt to the 'voluntary' FBI key or lose their mail. The Feds aren't
going to issue every PGP user with scripts to do it, but if you build this
facility into the software they can use it.
Duh, of course they won't. But that email will go out over a TCP link to
the SMTP port, where it can be checked on route by sniffers or proxies.
How did the Chinese and Singaporeans restrict Net access? By blocking
connections in the routers and Web proxies. This is the way to do it, not
to force everyone to run an SMTP enforcer on their personal machine. Yes, I must be, mustn't I. I mean, the Feds would never pass a law mandating that all Internet providers must provide SMTP proxies which enforce the GMR and block other SMTP connections; after all, they never passed a law mandating that telephone companies must provide wiretap
access. Oh, they did, didn't they?
Yes, which is why they won't do it that way. In my last job, any SMTP
access from my machine to any other on the Net was automatically routed
to our local SMTP server which acted as a proxy. Why can't the Feds do
this on the US Internet?
Firstly, that's not a "privacy workaround" in my system, it's to prevent
traffic analysis. Secondly, again it's a workaround which will only be
available to a small number of people. As I said before, the SMTP filter is not the evil aspect of your design,
it's the enforced encryption to multiple recipients.
I just have. Now try to explain it away.
   Mark

@_date: 1997-10-24 21:25:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
Really? Read the message I sent after that one. Let's suppose it's 2007,
PGP have 99% of the crypto market. CMR compatibility is incorporated into all their products. The FBI announce that from today all Internet providers must support PGP
SMTP enforcers on all mail passing across their links, and block all other
SMTP connections. Regardless of whether your mail is spooled on your ISP's
hard disk, it will always pass through their link. All encrypted mail must
now be encrypted to the FBI's key as well as the end user's key or it will
So, tell me why "much more needs to be done". Tell me again why this
can't be implemented. The only reason it *can* be implemented is that
PGP build the feature into their software.
Yes, but PGP WANT TO BUILD THIS INTO EVERY SYSTEM THEY SELL!!!!! I don't
care that any Perl hacker can write a script which builds CMR into PGP
2.6.2, because those scripts are restricted to those who wish to use
them. PGP ARE BUILDING THE FUNCTIONALITY INTO EVERY PRODUCT THEY SELL!!!!
How hard is this to grasp?
Really? Did their customers ask specifically for PGP's flawed CMR
implementation, or did they actually say things like 'Well, we want to
be able to recover mail if someone dies or leaves the company'? If it's
the latter, don't you think that PGP should take responsibility for
implementing it in such a GAK-friendly way?
You seem be repeating the other pro-PGP mantra 'oh, you're not thinking
of the company's point of view'. I certainly am, which is why I want to
see that they get the best, most secure system without any GAK-friendly
Here's a quick example of how cool CMR is... let's suppose that loser upsets a customer and is working for a CMR corporation.
Mr Irate Customer downloads some of that kiddie porn that we're told is
all over the Net, and encrypts it to loser but doesn't
encrypt it to the company key. Mr Irate Customer mails hundreds of these
images to loser Their system bounces them. The security
personnel at foo-bah.com notice all these bounces and snarf some of the
The security personell take these messages to Mr Loser, and force him to
decrypt them. Shock, horror, what a hideous, insane pervert Mr Loser must
be to be receiving all these messages. Mr Loser is handed over to the cops
and taken away. He might not go to jail, but he'll lose his job.
With a more rational implementation Mr Loser would receive the messages
and see that they're obscene, and immediately report them to the security
personnel who could track down the sender. But when the security personnel
find them first, they immediately assume that Mr Loser asked for them.
Now, if you want to be able to get people sacked, this is cool. If you
work for a company with CMR, this is really bad. It is also unneccesary.
They have not. All we've heard are 'oh, don't worry, it can't happen,
be happy' assurances with no basis in fact. Is it any wonder we aren't
listening? Duh, because PGP has name recognition, and because by the time it was
finished they'd already have a large part of the market. But note: I'll
be very surprised if PGP CMR gets into the OpenPGP spec. Which means that
any other compliant implementation of PGP will not be compatible with
CMR. Oh sure, ad hominem, ad hominem. What the hell do you think I do all
day? Why the hell do you think I'm spending so much time trying to show
people what CMR's problems are when I could be making money?
Better weak crypto than GAK. Key-lengths can be increased, government
surveillance infrastructure cannot easily be removed.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-24 23:43:11
@_author: or so 'Commerical MESSAGE Recovery' 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
Yep. While there are much better options, I think PGP's CMR would be a
tolerable short-term solution for stored data. The problem is that it's
not for stored data, it's for email (or so 'Commerical MESSAGE Recovery')
would imply.
Note that solely using CMR for stored data would not require that the CMR
'feature' be built into freeware or personal versions of PGP, but only into
the corporate version. That in itself would be a big win.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-25 00:37:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
Indeed. It's just as idiotic as people being killed for receiving encrypted
mail in Iraq. It is, however, just as possible, and anyone who believes the
contrary obviously hasn't worked for a big company before; I've seen them
do far, far, more idiotic things in the past.
   Mark

@_date: 1997-10-25 00:57:52
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
Duh, without the 'mandatory voluntary' encryption to multiple keys, the
enforcer couldn't work. Sure, the Feds could say 'encrypt to the FBI key
or else', but users wouldn't be able to do so automatically without getting scripts to do so and the revolt would be too large for even the
FBI to handle. It must be done automatically in the software, or it won't
How is this significantly different from mandatory wiretap access laws
which already exist? Since it only requires action on the part of
Internet providers, it's not going to raise the kind of outcry that
other more widespread laws would create.
Incredibly draconian? In what sense? Having to set a bit in your generated
PGP keys? It certainly would be draconian if the FBI passed such a law
today and required everyone to dump their software in favor of new, GMR-enabled software, but all new copies of PGP are already GMR-enabled. In fact, the FBI could probably stage a public relations coup by giving
away free copies of PGP to anyone who asked.
Draconian would be coming around to your house and taking your keys by
force. Draconian is not merely enabling an option which your software
currently supports. The whole point of not wanting PGP to ship this
system is that it would allow the FBI to snoop *without* truly draconian
laws. Without the current CMR system the FBI would have to force everyone
to change to new software; deployment wins.
As I said, 'don't worry, it won't happen, be happy'. Nothing new.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-25 02:28:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
I agree; that's why I don't. But I see an inconsistency here. PGP keep
telling us that CMR isn't so bad because you can work around it, or
superencrypt, or otherwise avoid the company's right to snoop on all
communications. Yet you, who believe in this right, support CMR, which
can be used to defeat that right, over simple escrow of employee's corporate communication keys. Why?
Again, I'm not saying that the companies have no such right. Personally
I'd rather escrow my corporate key than see widespread CMR in its current
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-25 02:56:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: GMR in the talked-about form here would be unconstitutional 
That's probably true: that it's unconstitutional is almost certainly true,
that it would be overturned seems less certain.
The question is, is that grounds for complacency? I'd rather see people use
technology which can't be used against them than hope that such laws would
be overturned.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-27 19:28:22
@_author: as many of you know IMHO it is a "once", not an "if" 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
Uh, don't understand the question. The issue is that it's being encrypted
to multiple keys for one recipient.
But, for the fifth or sixth time, _that isn't being shipped as standard by PGP_. Really? I seem to recall Jon Callas saying my system 'redesigned CMR' but was simpler than theirs. The mere fact that CMR requires an enforcer implies that it's a convoluted and hasty design. But it can't; for a start 2.6-based GAK won't interoperate with international versions the way that CMR will. Cutting the US off from
encrypted mail from the rest of the world would probably not go down
too well.
Lucky, one question: wouldn't you be complaining if Netscape or Microsoft
were shipping a system which enforced encryption to snooping keys? Why should we feel any differently about PGP?
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-29 20:19:07
@_author: Mark Grant 
@_subject: Re: Bob - FYI -- not sure if this was already posted ? 
But what if you're out at lunch or on vacation, or just moved, and no-one can read the message because they don't have the key? We must have GMR encryption to FBI keys now, just in case!
(That's not entirely facetious, I could see them making this kind of
argument if CMR is widely adopted... it's not Big Brother, it's just
another useful public service).

@_date: 1997-10-30 21:17:43
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
No, you can't enforce corporate snooping without a mail enforcer. You can
meet the corporate demands which PGP claim to be supporting without a
mail enforcer. There's a difference.
The only real benefit of CMR over the alternate systems suggested is that
the corporation can snoop on all email sent to their employees. Yet PGP
Inc have claimed on several occasions that this is not their intention.
Odd, that.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-10-30 22:00:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP Employee on MKR 
Actually, that's not entirely true. My suggested CMR replacement will work happily with non-CMR versions of PGP; they would simply encrypt to the default key, regardless of whether that was a group key or an individual's key. Hence the corporation can choose how non-CMR versions will interact by choosing whether to make the group key or the individual
key the default choice. This even gives users an incentive to upgrade,
rather than the current disincentive to downgrade to snoopware.
Of course it still doesn't enforce snooping, since you could just
seperate the individual key from the default group key and encrypt to     Mark

@_date: 1997-10-31 20:57:15
@_author: Churchill? 
@_subject: Re: democracy?! (Re: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT 
Indeed. Yet in a democracy, any two other members are assumed to know
better than me, and any 51% to know better than the other 49%.
Democracy is merely the scoundrel's last attempt to maintain the divine
right of kings by coverting it into the divine right of the elected. Indeed, thereby proving that democracy *doesn't* work.
Midnight raids, anti-drug laws, all the examples you just gave of the
evils of democracy, etc, etc.
Someone (Churchill?) once said that democracy is the best form of
goverment. Amusingly he considered this a defence of democracy, not
a damning indictment of the entire concept of government.
Medical licensing, drivers licenses, pilots licenses, export restrictions,
gun licenses (in various democracies), concealed weapons permits... do I
have to go on? This doesn't seem to bear any resemblance to the reality
of democracy.
And a government does this better than a private corporation because?
Again, this is a clear example of the failure of democracy. A big
difference between democracy and anarcho-capitalism[1] is that in
an anarcho-capitalist society the cops will be too busy making money
to launch such raids on their customers, and most customers will be
too self-interested to pay cops to raid their neighbors.
Indeed; such a shame they put all those other words into the Constitution. That phrase sounds like a pretty good conception
of government to me.
    Mark
[1] See, for example, 'The Machinery of Freedom', by David Friedman: excerpts on the Web at

@_date: 1997-11-01 00:52:52
@_author: ravage@ssz.com 
@_subject: Re: democracy?! (Re: Terrorism is a NON-THREAT 
I don't need to cast dumbocracy in a bad light; one look at the news
does far more than I ever could to show the evils of government.
Indeed. And such statements are almost totally worthless; the US Constitution includes such statements, yet it is rapidly becoming
the world leader in repression and spreading that to other countries
as fast as it can. The best such limits can do is slow the spread of government, not stop it. Perhaps you should try a few games of
Hofstadter's 'Nomic', which is based around this problem?
I have grown up; I come from a strongly socialist family, yet I soon
learnt that my and my family's political beliefs were wrong. Most people just continue to parrot the same beliefs all their lives. I could live
with a libertarian minarchy, or even the US Constitution if it were
upheld, but neither society would be as stable as anarchy.
Sorry? I have no desire to govern others, so I don't have to be an
angel. Indeed, the fact that there are no angels is another strong
argument for anarchy over government. If power corrupts, then eliminate
the power.
If self-rule is good, then government is bad. If you believe in both
self-rule and government, you've proven nothing but that your beliefs
are contradictory.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-11-04 20:23:54
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Why porn must be stopped at all costs..... 
I'm sure that your daughter can't forget such an obvious example of child
abuse either. Perhaps someone should inform the BATF?
Don't tell them or they'll all want one...
Studies have shown that anti-porn rhetoric kills babies and causes
cancer in lab rats. Which studies? The ones I just made up... of
course your comment isn't a total lie, it's just a blatant and, frankly,
inept attempt to twist reality to support your cause. The human brain
is a neural network; any data entering into it changes its structure.
Which leads to the inevitable conclusion that:
Exposure to anti-porn rhetoric causes actual brain damage, especially in a child.
I think you'll find that the Hitler Youth were too busy burning 'pornography' to read it, though I guess burning books may have
given them orgasms. Many people seem to have the hots for it,
after all.
[Rest deleted; I'm glad to see that the revolution is proceeding as
planned. I'll mention you at the next Illuminati Grand Council.]
Ah, this is where I come in; I have, sadly, been neglecting my cypherpunk
duties lately because I've been spending too much time on film-making. You
see, I have this dream; I want to make a movie of the entire Bible, and
not the old Charlton Heston version, but totally unexpurgated, keeping
entirely to the text, including all those embarassing bits about Lot's
daughters screwing their father while he slept in order to have his
children ('No, no your honor, it wasn't me, they did it to me in my
sleep'), men who are hung like stallions, and babies having their brains bashed out of their skulls.
Why? Because I want to see the religious censors squirm... I do so
enjoy their anti-porn and anti-violence rants when they're pushing
one of the most violent and pornographic novels ever written.
Excuse me? You're part of the 'Victimization of Children Council'? You
mean child victimizers have their own lobby group these days? Boy, ain't
America wonderful?
    Mark

@_date: 1997-11-05 20:01:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP and Compliance with SEC and Liability Rules 
Tim May quoted from macweek:
However, this doesn't seem to work, unless I'm mistaken about CMR
enforcement and the SEC regulations. CMR will only allow the snoops to read incoming email, not outgoing, and hence if Joe Blow at Foo-Bah.com wants to send me some handy insider trading tips CMR will not stop them. So this seems to be another justification for CMR which just doesn't make sense.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-11-05 21:08:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Teaching Kids To Love Big Brother 
BRISBANE, Nov 2 AAP - Special computer software will stop Queensland school children accessing pornography on the Internet as schools are connected to the worldwide web over the next year, Education Minister Bob Quinn said today. "Students will not be permitted to deviate down the many unsavoury side roads off the information superhighway," Mr Quinn said in a statement. "We don't want children exposed to pornography. We don't want them learning how to make bombs. We don't want them gambling in cyberspace and we don't want them wasting their valuable time on silly games and other pointless pursuits." Attempts to access prohibited sites on school Internet terminals would trigger an automatic alarm monitored by Education Queensland's network administrators. Mr Quinn said e-mail would also be scrutinised and messages with prohibited words or phrases automatically directed to administrators. The monitoring system would also monitor traffic patterns used by Queensland's 450,000 students and 30,000 teachers, he said. Shame about the export restrictions, or this would be a great market
for PGP's new snoopware.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-11-06 01:36:33
@_author: and presumably will 
@_subject: Re: PGP and Compliance with SEC and Liability Rules 
Hmm, I looked but couldn't find any real detail. If it can force
encryption to a company key for outgoing mail as well, it's even
worse than I thought.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-11-12 21:50:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: PGP's SMTP enforcer and ISPs 
This is another bizarre issue in the whole CMR saga. PGP Inc are going
to corporations and telling them that the SMTP enforcer will allow them
to read all incoming email. Then they go out on the Net and tell people
how to get around the system. Either their customers are as dumb as PGP
appear to think, or the corporations will simply scrap CMR and just escrow keys in case people start taking PGP Inc's advice.
    Mark

@_date: 1997-12-19 20:49:42
@_author: schear@lvdi.net 
@_subject: Re: message dependent hashcash => no double 
That's an extremely bad analogy; we're not paying for the Net to carry
our mail, because we've already paid our ISP for that. We're paying for
remailers to process our mail or for humans to read it. A better analogy
would be for snail-junkmail to include a five dollar bill to encourage
people to open it rather than junk it unopened.
(Of course this really only applies to real digital cash, but that's
what hashcash is a substitute for.)
    Mark

@_date: 1998-01-15 20:24:01
@_author: was Re: (eternity 
@_subject: Sealand (was Re: (eternity) autonomous agents) 
Victorian sea-fort, AFAIR.
Which wasn't the point; the majority of those they sold were just
for fun, not serious attempts at being recognized. However, I noticed
a newspaper article over Christmas about a woman who's selling
professional-looking passports in the names of countries which no
longer exist or changed names; the intention, presumably, being
that immigration officials won't realise that the passports aren't
I'd be interested to know where you got your information from, because
both Strauss ('How to start your own country') and the Micronations
Web page tell different stories; that Sealand was set up mostly for fun
by a couple of guys who made a lot of money from pirate radio and
it lasted at least fifteen years.
Of course this doesn't detract from the main point, which is
that you won't get away with offshore data-havens unless you are
able to defend them against invaders; Strauss claims Sealand was
invaded by some German businessmen at one point, and any such data-haven will soon be visited by cops or warships.
    Mark

@_date: 1998-02-06 00:36:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: the best justice money can buy --Lessig 
Of course there's a free-market remedy for Microsoft; eliminate copyright. If
anyone can copy Microsoft software for free, it would be forced to compete
on real benefits rather than installed base.
This is why I have no sympathy with those who claim Microsoft is the victim
in the anti-trust suits, even though I'm opposed to such action in general; those whose profits depend on the 800-pound gorilla can hardly complain when it falls on them.
    Mark

@_date: 1998-02-06 19:22:46
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: the best justice money can buy --Lessig (fwd) 
So I presume that Linux doesn't exist[1]? And, for that matter, I make my
living writing software which is given away for free...
    Mark
[1] Yes, I'm aware the GPL uses copyright to enforce its conditions, but
it's copright-free in the important sense: anyone can copy Linux and use it with no fear of black ninjas at their door.

@_date: 1998-02-09 23:16:21
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: the best justice money can buy --Lessig (fwd) 
Of course not, because Bill has jackbooted copyright enforcers to subsidise
his corporation. Without them his income would be dramatically reduced.
Uh, I said copyright should be abolished, you said noone would write
software, I said that Linux disproved that claim. How is this relevant
to that discussion? Of course it's not going to take over when companies
can get billions of dollars of subsidies in the form of copyright
enforcement, but it clearly shows that without copyright people will
produce better software than Microsfot has ever written.
Exactly. So tell us how Bill would have become a billionaire without
All it enforces is source-code distribution (and I've yet to hear of a single
case where it's ever been used). That's important to the developers, but not to the average user. The situation would be little changed in a world with no copyright, because if anyone did try to keep their source secret anyone who got a copy could freely distribute it.
I'm truly amazed to find all these pro-copyright views on the list, when
cypherpunks have been at the forefront of creating technologies to make it
unenforceable and obsolete.
    Mark

@_date: 1998-02-19 20:18:16
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: MailGuard 
Sure, but that doesn't stop the problem at the other end. According to
the company:
"Messages received from other copies of the program are either brought to the attention of the user, or (if the user so desires) result in the automatic transmission of a positive response to
the other copies of the program, which response causes the other copies of the program to 'approve' the user."
This implies that they have some 'magic marker' in the challenge messages
which forces the software to pass it on to the user. In which case, a
spammer can merely add this marker to his messages and they will get
through to anyone who has the software configured that way.
I've seen this problem with other active 'anti-spam' programs on other
lists; it's a real pain in the ass. They say the software handles lists
properly, but who knows?
Exactly; any kind of active anti-spam is a pain in the ass in this
case. I just filter and delete, which gets 95%+ of spam sent to my
account; 3MB in the last nine months, last I checked.
    Mark

@_date: 1998-09-28 10:35:11
@_author: http://www.unicorn.com/privtool/privtool.html 
@_subject: Re: Remailers, PGP, and a Project Suggestion 
Anonymous apparently informed the cypherpunks:
Privtool ( already provides
PGP 2.x support, mixmaster support and limited premail support; I'll add
PGP 5.x or OpenPGP when I have a Linux machine again.
    Mark

@_date: 1998-10-02 06:12:44
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: copyright at the point of a gun (fwd) 
Personally I get paid pretty well for writing software that's given away
for free. Why? Because it sells our hardware, and hardware is much, much
harder to copy than software (not to mention that the vast majority of
sales are made in the first two or three months after releasing a new
chip when a cloner would still be trying to get their silicon up and
OTOH I just paid good money for a Linux CD. Why, when it's all free on
the Web? Because it contains a full consistent set of software, ready
compiled, and the time I'd spend hunting down all those packages by
myself is far more valuable than the cost of the CD. The same could be
said to apply to many of the other software packages I've bought in the
past; yes, in theory I could copy them, but I don't know anyone who has
a copy, so it would take longer to hunt it down for free than to pay for
it up front.
Software copyright really only benefits big companies like Microsoft. There
are good reasons for buying software from other companies even if there
was no copyright enforcement at gunpoint.
    Mark
