
@_date: 1995-11-29 09:40:01
@_author: Tom Markson 
@_subject: SKIP Source Release is out! 
Check out   We've released the source to the SKIP
key management and IP layer encryption package for SunOs 4.x.
Here's a piece of the README file:
SKIP is a Key-management protocol for IP based protocols.  It is an acronym for Simple Key-management for Internet Protocols. SKIP is documented in the SKIP IETF IPSEC draft included in this directory as draft-ietf-ipsec-skip-05.txt.  The most recent SKIP draft is always available at  and the Internet-Drafts
functional IP-layer encryption package which supports DES and Triple-DES for SunOS 4.1.3.  This means that every IP networked application can have it's network traffic encrypted.   Unlike
application level encryption packages, this package encrypts IP packets.  Thus, applications do not need to be recompiled or modified to take advantage of encryption.
The SKIP source is possible through the efforts of engineers in Sun
Microsystems Internet Commerce Group.  The developers and designers
are Ashar Aziz, Tom Markson, Martin Patterson, Hemma Prafullchandra and
Joseph Reveane.  Linda Cavanaugh worked on the documentation.
The package compiles under both the SunPro compiler and GCC.  We expect that this release should port without too much pain to any operating system which uses BSD style networking (mbufs).  A legal warning: Because this package contains strong encryption, the
Software must not be transferred to persons who are not US citizens or
permanent residents of the US, or exported outside the US (except
Canada) in any form (including by electronic transmission) without
prior written approval from the US Government. Non-compliance with
these restrictions constitutes a violation of the U.S. Export Control
This source release may be used for both commercial and noncommercial purposes, subject to the restrictions described in the software and
patent license statements.  Furthermore, Sun Microsystems has licensed the Stanford public key patents from Cylink Corp. which are available to users of this package on a royalty free basis. The patent statement is in README.PATENT.  Be sure to read this,
as it contains some restrictions and other important information.  Also included in this release is a high speed Big Number package written by Colin Plumb. bnlib/legal.c contains Colin's software license statement.             Diffie-Hellman and other Stanford patents with this package for

@_date: 1995-12-02 23:56:39
@_author: Tom Markson 
@_subject: re: SKIP source release is out 
]
Doug, you are correct.  SKIP is an IPSEC internet draft.  Photuris is
an IPSEC internet draft.  Perry is incorrect in saying that SKIP is a non-standard.   Both of the chairs of the IPSEC group have said SKIP is part of the IPSEC working group.   Phil Karn (author of Photuris)
has also said this.  Both SKIP and Photuris are on the standards track.
They are, as you indicated, "competing" protocols.
That's true, but SKIP is not in that category.    I believe neither SKIP
nor Photuris have been declared "mandatory" as of this point.  They both
have the same status in IPSEC.  Again, in *your* opinion.  No determination has been made that I know of.

@_date: 1996-02-09 19:37:08
@_author: Tom Markson 
@_subject: SKIP Alpha-2 Source release 
We've just released the Alpha-2 SKIP reference source for SunOS 4.1.3.
This is a bug fix release of our Alpha-1 Source reference Source.
The source is available from     Included in this
mail message are excerpts from the README file for the the package.
Please direct comments to freeskip
Tom Markson
Sun Microsystems
