
@_date: 1995-01-11 19:05:20
@_author: Mark Oeltjenbruns 
@_subject: How do I know if its encrypted? 
I keep seeing the idea that to keep out of trouble remailers and
Data Havens should require that data be encrypted before it is accecpted.
My question is how do I know it is encrypted?  If I say that anyone sending
me data to be massaged by my system must first encrypt it, how do I know
they are in fact complying with that request?  After all this is the area
for the paranoid's to hang out in.
        I see some possible options.  Most don't seem to workable.  I could ...
(1) Look at the incomming data, which of course would be impractical and
defeat the whole idea.
(2) Force them to pgp it, but that could be defeated by having enough of a
pgp sig. that my system is fooled.  Not to mention they must use *MY* idea
of what good encryption is.  After all I could say you must use my
encryption software that has a backdoor I know of, i.e. clipper, or that
costs money and can only be bought from me.  This last point would be one
way of making sure you made some money, but does seem impractial.
(3) Peform a histogram analysis on it, if it doesn't pass a certain
threshold reject the whole thing.  Although cute, I don't like this one.
(4) Encrypt it with my own key and decrypt it before squirting it back out.
This doesn't seem to gain me anything though since it could be said that I
still have the ability to look at the data.
(5) Only acecpt data from a remailer or other service that would be
guranteed to be encrypted.  This seems like it would lead to a 'good ole
boy' network that could exclude service providers it doesn't like.
etc. etc.
        Whos to say that the data isn't encrypted?  I could be hidding a
real message in that eagale spread of a porn picture.  'Simple, don't allow
porn but only accecpted images.'  Well that certainly sounds like a can of
worms waiting to squirm around your toes.
        Is the question of what is encrypted data similar to what material
is porn or some other 'evil' data?   Am I missing something in this simple
requirment of  only dealing with encrypted data?  Or am I simply blowing
something way out of proportion?
Mark Oeltjenbruns  marko   N0CCQ
SnipIt Research    Finger for PGP key.
'My other key is 2048 bits.'

@_date: 1995-01-16 21:40:34
@_author: Mark Oeltjenbruns 
@_subject: Does encrypted equal safe? 
Edited from response on the 'How do I know if its encrypted?' thread
to get some points in the clear.
        So the fact that its not kiddie-porn *for me* makes it safe *for me*
to be transporting or storing for others that know it is kiddie-porn?
        But why does the meaning of the data assume to change?  If I take my
stack of kiddie-porn and put it in a box with a big strong lock on it, in a
way physically encrypting it, change the meaning of what I have?  I now have
a locked box that looks different from my original.
        It is fundamentally a different process, but does that make it
different from the locking the physical data in a box as above?
        It seems to me that what you are saying is that because the data is
in a form that I can't understand, I'm safe from trouble.  Now it seems to
me that this is not all that different from changing the form or appearence
of physical data and saying I'm not responsible for it.          Now think of a remailer:  If somebody gave me this box of stuff,
stuff that I had no idea of what it was since it was *locked up*, to
transport over to location X and I got busted half way there am I safe?
Would the argument that I didn't know what it was hold up?  I would tend to
say no.  If the answer was yes, which is what some current arrguments seem
to indicate, what does that say about responsibility towards spamming or
remailing illegal data?  Can I say that even though someone is using me to
spam or distribute kiddie porn, I have no reason to try and stop it since I
don't know what they are doing?  If I did take it upon myself to stop the
abuse wouldn't I need to analyize the incomming data to stop it?  Something
I'm not supposed to do.
        A Data Haven:  It is illegal to handle certain items in the physical
world.  I can get in some trouble if I have kiddie porn or drugs or what not
in my possesion.  This is true, for most things I would guess, even if I was
just 'holding it for someone else.'  After all, how do I prove that somebody
else put illegal articles, encrypted or not, on my 'site' and it didn't
atually come from me?  Does 'holding it for someone else' type arguments
work in net.world better than in the physical world?  Once again, current
arguments would say yes, it is different and I'm safe to hold onto illegal
data since I don't know what it is.
        Lets see if I got this straight.  In my own words, I'm just as
responsible for the data I massage as the person I'm doing it for judging by
real world parellels, encrypted or not.  Now I would hope this is not the
case, since being a remailer operator would mean that if somebody starts a
spam using my site I would be just as responsible as the person that started
it.  Having kiddie porn on my DH would be illegal even if I had no idea it
was present.  This doesn't sound to good, since many of the uses of my
services would be restricted if I wanted to stay 'safe.'  After all if I
wasn't as responsible for the spam and was safe from harm, or guilt, about
what people used my site for I wouldn't care what went through my system,
I'm not really supposed to care what people send me right?  In fact I may
even take pride that my system is being used so much. ;-)  But this doesn't
seem to be the case, nor in some regards would I hope them to be.
        Now I'm getting confused.  There seems to be some contradictions in
some of the above that need to be worked out, or at least explained to me.
Some pretty serious legal problems seem to be lurking with in.  It just
doesn't seem as cut and dry to me as the argument that if I don't know what
it is I don't have to worry about it.  I'm sure others will have some
comments to help me sort this out.
Mark Oeltjenbruns  marko   N0CCQ
SnipIt Research    Finger for PGP key.
