
@_date: 1994-01-20 10:26:49
@_author: Matthew Bernardini 
@_subject: Re: Internet Banking 
I am new to this list, so excuse me if this topic has already been
discussed,  but I think you need to take a 200 level course in economics
called Money and Banking.  I think the idea is so obsessed with tax-evasion
and privacy protection that you have ignored all the economic consequences
of the ideas you are proposing.
1) Who will insure your money ?  Can you trust anyone but the US gov't to
back your funds ?  Even in the S&L scandal the gov't refunded money to
people that weren't insured by the FDIC.  Do you think they would come to
the cypher-punk rescue if your money up and flew to Brazil ?
2)  A doctoral thesis could be written about this one, but what about the
Federal Reserve ?  You would wreak havoc on interest rates, inflation,
international balance of payments, and international trade.  How would this
electronic bank adjust for inflation or an expanding/shrinking electronic
money supply ?  Take a look at some historical texts that describe the
problems that the Early American Revolutionaries had in breaking from the
British Currency.  It took several failed efforts, and the currency of the
United States has been constatnly evolving ever since.
3) Interest Rates and Inflation ...
4) Interest Rates and Inflation ....
5) You guessed it, Interest Rates and Inflation.
What about Capital Markets ?
What about foreign labor unit exchanges?
Is mexican labor worth as much as US labor?
I think there are more economic issues than encryption issues to be
considered in this case.

@_date: 1994-01-20 11:09:19
@_author: Matthew Bernardini 
@_subject: Re: faster code for neural network 
That, or use an AV.
If you are adventurous you could use Aplle's Real Time Architecture to
offload processing to the 66MHZ DSP processor in the AV series.  I know of
some examples of ARTA.
Matthew Bernardini

@_date: 1994-02-02 20:31:04
@_author: Matthew Bernardini 
@_subject: Re: Archiving mail-lists... 
What do you call 1,000 copyright lawyers chained to the bottom of the ocean ?
1)A good start.
2)A drop in the bucket.
3)A boring Swim Party.
I can't take five hundred messages in a week from people calling each other
names and including 500 lines of previous posts !!!!
Give my mailbox a rest, eh ?

@_date: 1994-02-04 07:45:06
@_author: Matthew Bernardini 
@_subject: Re: Running regularly 
Perhaps this is too rudimentary .....
Why not make two shell scripts, one that sleeps for so long (say 20 minutes)
using the unix sleep command, and then calls the remailer scripts in an
infinite while loop.  This would work if you set it up as a background
process,and you don't need to be root for it to work.  Only downsides are
that when the machine crashes you have to log back in and restart script,
your sleep command will always be in the top window if your sys-admin is
watching, and you have to be careful not to spawn to many processes and
bring the system down.

@_date: 1994-02-04 11:29:55
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Running regularly 
I tried this on the system here, but it killed off the process when I
logged off.
As for starting too many processes, just don't start them...  leave it
as one single process that just repeats itself indefinently with sleeps
in between.

@_date: 1994-02-04 16:09:57
@_author: Matthew Bernardini 
@_subject: Re: Running regularly 
Did the processes get killed BECAUSE you logged off ?
Or did they get killed because you left a single process runnning in the
background for an extended period of time and an automated script killed the
job.  Why not ask the sysadmin how to setup a long computational job for a
couple of days ?  I don't think any sysadmin would have a problem with that.
Then you could find out if the jobs are killed automatically somehow.
If it turns out that it was just the process that was automatically killed
on a time interval, then you could easily write a script that would spawn a
new process and then kill the parent.

@_date: 1994-02-04 22:45:20
@_author: Matthew Bernardini 
@_subject: Stego for Video ? 
Have any programs been written that would allow for three dimensional stego
in moving pictures ?  I think this would make it a little more difficult to
How about more advanced graphical techniques like using a stego file as a map
in a renderer ?  The person who received the picture would know for instance
that all the vertical walls, or all the brick surfaces, etc were stego
encrypted messages.  It would take some sophistication to reverse engineer
the rendered picture, but necessity is the mother of invention.  The actual
image would not contain any specific information, but would be a disguised
"envelope" for other pictures within the picture.

@_date: 1994-02-12 23:52:58
@_author: Matthew Bernardini 
@_subject: Broadening the use of Cryptography 
Maybe I have just missed something in this whole discussion, so please hold
back the flames, but has a SIMPLE desktop mailer that encrypts using PGP been
writen and widely distributed on any platform ?
The common person will only do something if you make it simple for them to
access.  The attitude of don't complain, write the code youself won't fly
with average Joe who wants to help by spreading the use of PGP.  Most people
have barely just enough time to worry about reading the news and checking
their mail, let alone downlaod, compile and implement an encryption scheme.
The priority should be to get people encrypting first, then worry about
whether they understand the protocol for double-blind remailers.
It seems to me that Universities should be the highest priority for
spreading the use of PGP.  It is the students who are willing to adapt to
new technology the quickest.  Some sort of product should be developed that
can be distributed on the PC and Mac, like Pegasus mail (for those that are
familiar with it), that will support PGP.
It all comes down to marketing.  Why not make a nice free-ware game that can
carry a Cypher bill-board with it ?  How many people see the Maelstrom start
up screen on a Mac ? X-tetris on Unix ?  Minesweeper on Dos ?  It seems to
me that widespread advertising should be a higher priority if PGP is going
to succede.
Matthew Bernardini

@_date: 1994-02-15 14:54:28
@_author: Matthew Bernardini 
@_subject: Wide Spread use of PGP 
I find Bob Cain's comments that PGP should not be used on a netcom account
disturbing.  I think the priority that should be set is to get people using
PGP, "in the habit" and then make sure they are using it on a local PC or
Some people, believe it or not, might only have acess to a multi-user
systems.  These people should not be denied acess to PGP.
On a side note, to those the are interested, Rutgers just added PGP to its
track library.  Any machine running 4.x or Solaris now has access to track
the binaries for PGP.  I plan to install this on my Sparc, and I think quite
a few other people will as well.
Encryption must be marketed like a product.  Thatis, the concept as a whole,
not just specific programs.  If anyone has any ideas, I'd personally like to
hear them.
Matthew Bernardini
