
@_date: 1996-01-22 03:02:30
@_author: Matthew Richardson 
@_subject: "Trustworthy" PGP Timestamping Service ?? 
I have recently setup a free PGP timestamping service which operates by email.
The objective of the service is to be able to produce "trustworthy" timestamps which cannot be backdated without detection.  It achieves this by:-
(a)  giving every signature a unique sequential serial number;
(b)  every day making a ZIP file of that day's detached signatures and feeding the ZIP file back for signing (and hence the assignment of another serial number);
(c)  making available details of the highest serial number on each day as well as the signed ZIP files via email (and shortly WWW);
(d)  weekly publishing details of the DETACHED signatures of the ZIP file in alt.security.pgp and to users requesting them on a list I would be interested in folks comments on this "trustworthiness", including any weaknesses or possible improvements.
Full details of the service can be found at:-
     Thank you in advance.
Best wishes,

@_date: 1996-03-14 05:48:22
@_author: Matthew Richardson 
@_subject: Re: PGP reveals  the key ID of the recipient of encrypted msg 
I believe that provided all your keys are in your secret keyring, PGP
will automatically pick the correct one for you.
Best wishes,

@_date: 1996-07-18 17:09:38
@_author: Matthew Richardson 
@_subject: Re: spam suckers (was Re: Chancellor Group....) 
I've just noticed that one of my test mailboxes has received two of
The only thing it has ever posted is to alt.test!
That makes it look like a HUGE spam.
Best wishes,

@_date: 1996-08-28 17:43:12
@_author: Matthew Richardson 
@_subject: An open letter to the Editor of The Observer 
[I understand the text of the Observer article is available at
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I. T. Consultancy Limited
Our reference  L2217
The Editor
The Observer
119 Farringdon Road
London EC1R 3ER
26 August 1996
AN OPEN LETTER - FOR PUBLICATION
I read with some interest the article by David Connett and Jon Henley in yesterday's edition regarding the Internet and child pornography.  I was particularly interested as I am a computer consultant advising clients on Internet issues.
In my professional opinion, the technical standard of the reporting was sufficiently poor as to be both inaccurate and misleading.  The purpose of this letter is to clarify certain technical issues which might cause your readers to reach unfounded or incorrect conclusions.
It is important to be aware of the various methods by which information generally (which can include pornography) is distributed around the Internet.  Your article focuses on one particular route, namely Newsgroups.  It is Newsgroups which are detailed in the Metropolitan Police's letter to Internet Providers and which are concentrated upon by your article.  There are several other means of distributing information.  I believe however that the Police letter lists fewer than the 150 groups referred to by the authors.  Interestingly enough Newsgroups only offer the means of broadcasting information to anyone who wants to retrieve it.
The authors do not appear to have a sufficient grasp of what a "remailer" does.  For example they seem to draw a direct link between the use of such remailers and people being able to "log on and participate in 'live' and 'interactive' filmed sessions".  A lay reader would perhaps draw the inference that the remailer is somehow involved in any such live participation.  Unfortunately this could not be further from the truth.  Remailers simply allow people to post messages, either as email to other people or to Newsgroups for general reading.  Nothing more.  Remailers are generally incapable of being "logged on" to.
Your article also refers to "remailing companies", from which the lay reader might infer that remailers are operated for commercial profit.
Such an inference would again be wholly incorrect.  I know of no organisation operating a remailer for profit, indeed none of them even charge for their services.  They are generally run by individuals on a voluntary basis who consider them as a service to the Internet community.  Your article appears not to mention any of the purposes of such remailers other than in terms of the distribution of pornography.  In my view it would be difficult to present a balanced article without doing so.
Different remailers take different steps to prevent whatever their operators consider as "abuse".  My understanding is that Mr. Helsingius' service restricts messages to 48k bytes (or characters) and prohibits postings to the "binaries" newsgroups designated for images.  I also understand that it only allows 30 messages per user per day.  At a technical level these restrictions would make it almost impossible to use his service for mass distribution of any binary data, not just pornography.
It therefore appears surprising to me that your article should allege that Mr. Helsingius' remailer is responsible for handling "90 per cent of all child pornography" on the Internet.  I wonder what substantiating evidence The Observer has to this effect other than the alleged claim by Toby Tyler.  Indeed it appears from your article that the words "is supplied through this remailer" may not be a direct quote from Toby Tyler.
Your article alleges that "the photographs made available to Demon's subscribers through the Internet are supplied anonymously by remailing companies".  The lay reader might infer from this that all photographs therefore come via remailers.  Again this would be far from the truth.  Finally I hope this letter offers some assistance to your readers in clarifying a number of issues which were perhaps less than clear in your article.  Given your newspaper's difficulties with technical issues, I would be grateful if you would kindly refer any editing of this letter to me prior to publication.
Yours faithfully,
Matthew Richardson

@_date: 1996-09-02 06:18:06
@_author: Matthew Richardson 
@_subject: Re: anon.penet.fi: URGENT REQUEST 
I have looked into UK line costs recently and I suspect that the suggested costs do sound perhaps a little high.  Although the set up cost is probably OK, I would suggest that the running costs (assuming that these comprise the circuit charge and payment to an ISP) could be less that half that quoted.  What you have been quoted may well depend on who you have spoken to.
Best wishes,

@_date: 1996-10-06 20:31:22
@_author: Matthew Richardson 
@_subject: RE: WINDOWS NT ???? 
Microsoft only claim C2 security when the machine is physically secured and not attached to any network.  Specifically NTFS makes no claim of any encryption and can thus be read by non-NT software.
Best wishes,

@_date: 1996-10-09 10:08:04
@_author: Matthew Richardson 
@_subject: Re: Seeking help on WordPerfect 6.1 cracks 
Have you tried AccessData??
email: info
Best wishes,
