
@_date: 1993-01-15 12:40:13
@_author: Matthew Lyle 
@_subject: resource for writing corp e-mail policy? 
Can anybody out there point me towards some resources that could be used to
write a good corporate e-mail privacy policy?
Matthew Lyle    	       	       	       	       	(214) 888-0474
OpenConnect Systems     	       	       	       	matt
Dallas, TX                                      "...and once you have tasted flight, you will walk the earth with your     eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you long     to return..."

@_date: 1993-03-12 07:39:47
@_author: Matthew Lyle 
@_subject: Re: Unacceptable slander by dclunie 
Libelous mail??  Hardly.
It is not appropriate for someone to post a 3600 line "junk" file to a
mailing list.  UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES!  (Think about those sites that are
paying hard cash for e-mail transfers!)  It is reasonable for such actions
to be reported to the administrator of a system.
So far as getting off the cypherpunks list, there are a number of other things
to try if cypherpunks-request isn't working.  Send mail to root Send mail to the administrative contact listed in the WHOIS database for
toad.com (John Gilmore, in this case).  Talk to your local systems
administrator and ask his assistance.  What ghabrech did is something I
would expect from an immature freshman. (who knows... maybe he is one)
Retaliatory strikes aren't right either, of course.
Matthew Lyle    	       	       	       	       	(214) 888-0474
OpenConnect Systems     	       	       	       	matt
Dallas, TX                                      "...and once you have tasted flight, you will walk the earth with your     eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you long     to return..."

@_date: 1993-04-19 09:02:56
@_author: Matthew Lyle 
@_subject: Article from Knight/Ridder Wire 
I hadn't seen this article fly by yet, so...
New Scrambler Designed to Protect Privacy, But Allow Police Monitoring By
Christopher Drew, Chicago Tribune Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News WASHINGTON--Apr. 19--As a step toward the development of vast new data
"superhighways," the federal government has designed a powerful device that
would protect the privacy of electronic communications by encoding them but
still allow police to eavesdrop. Critics say the project, announced Friday by the Clinton administration,
raises serious questions about the protection of civil liberties as more
people use cellular and cordless phones and computer-based communications. They also warned that the device is not likely to help law-enforcement
agents foil high-tech criminals unless it becomes the most widely used
commercial encryption system - and drives private competitors out of the
business. "'A.k.a. Big Brother,' that's what I call it," said Stephen Bryen, a former
Pentagon official who runs a company developing a rival encryption system. Bryen said it was "very disturbing" that the government has gone so far
with the previously classified project "without consulting with experts in
the industry" whose investments could be wiped out. One high-ranking federal official, Raymond Kammer, acknowledged that such
concerns are part of an "appropriate debate" that needs to be held over the
project. "Maybe it turns out that society, as it debates this, finds it
unacceptable," said Kammer, acting director of the National Institute for
Standards and Technology. "I'm not sure. This is the start of that debate."
Millions of people who exchange information via computers and make calls
from cordless and cellular phones, which are especially vulnerable to
interception, could be affected. Experts say an era is dawning in which
traveling executives exchange electronic memos and negotiate sensitive
deals via hand-held communicators using vulnerable wireless transmitters. In endorsing the plan, the White House described it Friday as an outgrowth
of federal efforts to capitalize on advances in telephone and computer
technology while preventing drug dealers and terrorists from finding new
ways to mask their misdeeds. In last year's campaign, President Clinton pledged to invest billions of
dollars in faster and more secure data links to enhance the standing of
U.S. firms in the global economy. But as the computer industry has developed systems to enable businesses to
scramble data transfers and telephone conversations as a safeguard against
industrial espionage, a growing number of criminals also have begun using
them to foil court-authorized wiretaps. Under the new plan, engineers at the National Security Agency invented a
new coding device, called the "Clipper Chip," which is said to be much
harder to crack than encoding systems now on the market. The government licensed two California companies - Mykotronx and VLSI
Technology - to make the computer chips. The chips will form the "brains"
inside small scrambling devices that can be attached to individual
telephones. To spur the venture, the Justice Department will soon purchase several
thousand of the devices. Military and spy agencies also are expected to use
them. Private businesses would not be required to use the technology. But federal
officials hope their sponsorship will establish the Clipper chips as the
new industry standard and crowd out competing systems. Indeed, AT&T announced Friday that it will use the new chips in a desktop
device for encrypting telephone conversations that it expects to sell for
$1,195. But in return for gaining the extra encoding power built into the new
system, users would have to accept the fact that government code-breakers
would always hold the keys to tap into the information. In an effort to prevent abuses of civil liberties, federal officials said, they will set up a system in which they would have to match two coding keys
held by different officials to unscramble any communications.
National-security and law-enforcement officials could bring the keys
together only under court- authorized operations. But Bryen said it is hard to see how the Clipper chips project will provide
much help to the FBI. Even if the new coding devices drove others off the
U.S. market, Bryen said, sophisticated criminals would simply buy encoding
devices overseas, as many already do. Multinational and foreign-based companies also could prove leery of a
system that has a built-in point of entry for U.S. authorities. The FBI separately is seeking legislation that would force telephone
companies to modify their equipment to keep other advances in technology
from hampering its ability to perform wiretaps. AT&T and other phone
companies have opposed this idea.  END!B&?TB-SCRAMBLER Transmitted:  93-04-18 23:12:00 EDT

@_date: 1993-04-19 09:02:59
@_author: Matthew Lyle 
@_subject: Article 2 from Knight/Ridder 
Matthew Lyle    	       	       	       	       	(214) 888-0474
OpenConnect Systems     	       	       	       	matt
Dallas, TX                                      "...and once you have tasted flight, you will walk the earth with your     eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you long     to return..."
Computer Group, Libertarians Question Clinton Phone Privacy Stance By Rory
J. O'Connor, San Jose Mercury News, Calif. Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News SAN JOSE, Calif.--Apr. 17--Civil libertarians and a major computer industry
group raised concerns Friday about how much protection a Clinton
administration plan would afford private electronic communications, from
cellular telephone calls to computer data. The administration Friday said it would begin using technology developed by
the government's National Institute of Standards and Technology to balance
two competing interests: the desire of citizens to keep their conversations
private and the need for law enforcement agencies to monitor those
conversations after getting a court order. The technology that enables this is a computer chip called the Clipper Chip
that scrambles a telephone call or computer message using a secret
algorithm, or formula. But each chip also comes with a pair of electronic "keys" that could be
used by law enforcement agencies to decipher the secret messages generated
by the chip. The Clinton proposal calls for one key to be held by each of two separate
"trusted" third parties, who would release them to law enforcement agencies
that obtained legal authority to intercept the communications. Both keys
would be needed to decipher a message. The Electronic Frontier Foundation, a not-for-profit civil liberties group, praised the administration for considering the issue. But it criticized the
lack of public input into the plan. "They've announced a big inquiry with public input, but they've reached a
conclusion before they started," said Daniel J. Weitzner, staff counsel for
the Washington-based foundation. Although the administration's plan calls only for equipping government
telephones with the security devices, some groups are concerned the plan
might become a standard for all manner of electronic communication before
the public has a chance to debate its merits. "I don't want to sound too stridently opposed to this," said Ken Wasch,
executive director of the Software Publishers Association (SPA) in
Washington. "But...we feel blindsided." The SPA was discussing data security issues with Clinton administration
officials but had not expected any White House action until August, said
Ilene Rosenthal, general counsel. Besides the lack of initial hearings, both groups said they had two major
concerns about the Clinton plan: - Because the algorithm itself is secret, the groups say it is impossible
for the public to discern if it is truly secure. Users can't be certain
government spy agencies have not hidden a "back door" in the software that
will allow them to read anything they want. "So far there hasn't been a credible explanation about why the algorithm
has to be secret," Weitzner said. - The administration hasn't decided who will be the escrow agents, and it
seems unlikely any government agency, corporate entity or other
organization would be deemed trustworthy by every user. Even assuming all concerned can agree on who will hold them, civil
libertarians are concerned that the keys, by giving law enforcement
agencies access to individuals' private communications, might pose a threat
to constitutional protections against self-incrimination. Washington sources who requested anonymity suggested the White House might
have drafted its plan quickly because of concern over sales of an AT&T
device that encrypts phone calls using an older standard, Data Encryption
Standard. The sources said law enforcement officials feared the device
would create an explosion in secured telephone traffic that would severely
hamper their efforts to wiretap calls. American Telephone & Telegraph Co. announced Friday it would adapt the
$1,200 product, called the Telephone Security Device, to use the Clipper
Chip by the end of this fiscal quarter. AT&T makes a related device, which
encrypts voice and computer data transmissions, that could be converted to
the Clipper technology, said spokesman Bill Jones. Jones said he wasn't aware of any concern by the government over the
current model of the Telephone Security Device, which has been sold to
government and business customers. At least one company was quite pleased with the plan: San Jose chip maker
VLSI Technology, which will manufacture the Clipper chips for a Torrance
company that is selling them to the government and to AT&T. VLSI, which invented a manufacturing method the company said makes it
difficult to "reverse engineer" the chip or discern the encryption scheme, expects to make $50 million in the next three years selling the device,
said Jeff Hendy, director of new product marketing for the company.
END!A?SJ-SECURITY Transmitted:  93-04-18 21:06:00 EDT

@_date: 1993-04-26 10:18:24
@_author: Matthew Lyle 
@_subject: MacWeek article on Clipper/Capstone 
MacWEEK 04.26.93
Page 1
SECURITY CHIPS TRIGGER ALARM
Clipper and Capstone open digital back door.
By Mitch Ratcliffe
Washington -- The White House and National Security Agency, as part of
a wide-ranging retooling of U.S. privacy policies, are preparing two
encryption chips for use in the computer and telecommunications
industries.  Privacy advocates cried foul last week because the chips include a back door that allows police to monitor communications.
The Clipper chip announced this month can encrypt voice and data communications at up to 16Mbps.  Clipper is due to debut in secure
telephones from AT&T Co. this summer.  The second chip, called Capstone
and currently under development at the NSA, is a superset of Clipper that will implement the much-criticized Digital Signature Standard to add
authentication capabilities.  Its existence was revealed during a briefing at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge last week.
President Clinton ordered the National Institute of Standards and Technology to establish Clipper as a federal standard.  Since the
government is the largest computer customer in the world, its Federal
Information Processing Standards (FIPS) often are imposed on the industry
as de facto standards.
If Capstone follows Clipper into the FIPS requirements, DSS could usurp RSA
 Data Security Inc.'s public-key encryption scheme, which Apple licensed
for  AOCE (Apple Open Collaboration Environment).
But Apple's representative at the NSA briefing, Gursharan Sidhu, technical
director of collaborative computer and leader of the AOCE project, said
he is not worried that the government will force an encryption scheme
on the industry.
"We were given the impression that they are very open to suggestions," Sidhu said, adding that the government is faced with a growing conundrum as
it tries to simultaneously protect privacy and maintain its ability
to tap lawbreakers' communications.
"People have the idea that in cellular the security of communications
had gone away, so there is pressure to encrypt. [Without a back door], even
the  casual criminal would be able to communicate with invincible
security," Sidhu said.  "Law-enforcement agencies wouldn't be able to
collect intelligence."
A spokesman for NIST said Capstone will not be introduced unless the
president's review of national encryption policy conclueds it is needed.
But he also said the Department of Defense and NSA are already working
to develope a PCMCIA card-based implementation of Capstone for a classified defense messaging system.
The NSA confirmed it is working on Capstone but could not confirm
the Capstone PCMCIA card project.
Clipper and Capstone use a "key escrow" technology that lets law-enforcement agencies with a court order unscramble conversations and documents.  To reduce the potential for wiretap abuse, two agencies to be named by Attorney General Janet Reno will hold half of each key.  The
NSA said the key escrow agents will not be law-enforcement agencies.
Privacy advocates complained that the algorithms that perform Clipper scrambling functions will remain classified.  Encryptin technologies
typically  gain acceptance only after cryptographers pore over the
component algorithms and key management systems.
"We can't protect the key escrow features if we reveal the algorithm
to the public ... that's caused some heartburn," said John Podesta, staff
secretary to President Clinton.  "I'm not suggesting that the public
should trust us any more than any other government agency, but we are
doing a more comprehensive review [than any previous administration]."
Podesta said the Clinton team is taking a free-market approach to
encryption, in contrast to the previous administrations, which tried to
legislate simplified approaches.
"In the wireless communications environment, we have to more the ball
forward on security and privacy," Podesta said.  "The jury's still out on whether [Clipper] is the answer."
Jim Bidzos, president of RSA Data Security of Redwood City, Calif.,
said the NSA is using Clipper and Capstone in an attempt to confuse the market for privacy-enhancing technologies.  "It takes three or four
years fo rthis kind of proposal to die." Bidzos said.  Computer and communications companies might withhold support for any standard,
giving the NSA more time to prepare for the encrypted world, he said.
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility, a Washington, D.C.
based public-interest group, has filed 11 Freedom of Information Act
requests for access to Clipper development records.  The group suspects
the NSA and NIST violated the Computer Security Act of 1987, whic limits
the NSA's role in development of public encryption technologies to
providing advice and assistance.  NSA said it developed both chips.
