
@_date: 1996-02-01 22:20:04
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Declan appearing on "Europe's Most Wanted" 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 1-Feb-96 Declan appearing on
"Europe.. by Timothy C. May Tim, you really know how to scare a fellow with this Subject: line this
early in the morning!
My take on the situation, from cyberia and WELL discussions, is that if
a book is banned under French law, it may be difficult to sue for
copyright violations. (Intuitively, this sorta makes sense. If you are
*unable* to sell it, what damages are there?) Also, international law
would require that the copyright holder sue in my local U.S. court.
I have not heard from either the publisher or author, even though French
ISPs have linked to my page and it's been getting a decent amount of
traffic. Interestingly, almost all the comments I've received have been
positive -- only two negative responses, including one email bombing
attempt. I would be interested to know what the publisher and author's
perspectives are on this. Reports from France indicate that the
publisher, Plon, is *not* going to sue the guy who first put it online.
I'm not too worried about France, but I'm having second thoughts about
Germany. Let's just say I'm not planning a vacation there anytime soon.
Thanks, Tim. I haven't actually spoken to my attorney (the former head
of the local ACLU) about this, and perhaps I should have. *sigh* He'll
probably yell at me for getting involved in yet another controversy...

@_date: 1996-02-03 10:34:28
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Futplex makes the news! 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 2-Feb-96 Re: Futplex makes the news!
by Timothy C. May If we're talking about Nazis, UMass is the place to look for the PC
breed of 'em. Check out  for info on
their recent PC speech code censor attempts at UMass Amherst.
I've decided to take the materials off my web pages -- but with no
pressure from, and in fact no communication at all with CMU
administrators. I've had nothing but support from the School of Computer
Science folks at Carnegie Mellon. A CMU SCS faculty member even offered
to host the pages if the administration got their panties in a snit.
This after there was a front page above-the-fold article in today's
Pittsburgh Tribune Review: "CMU in middle of Internet flap" It talked
about the Simon Wiesenthal Center's efforts to, um, educate university
    The Simon Wiesenthal Center, the world's leading anti-Nazi organization,
was fuming however -- faxing indignant messages to the presidents of CMU,
Stanford, the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and University of
    Mark Weitzman, the director of the Wiesenthal Center's Task Force Against
Hate, said he had heard nothing by late yesterday afternoon from CMU
President Robert Mehrabian, whom he had urged by fax Wednesday "to address
this issue as quickly as possible."...
    Linda Hurwitz, director of the Holocaust Center of Pittsburgh, criticized
the postings, saying while she didn't approve of censorship in general, some
lies were so harmful that they were tantamount to yelling "fire" in a crowded
I don't often congratulate Carnegie Mellon for a job well done, but this
is one of those occasions. (Though I'm not sure how the administration
would have reacted if the Zundelstumphen was in my Andrew account
instead of my SCS AFS directory...)

@_date: 1996-02-11 08:04:05
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: A Rant about Senator James Exon 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Feb-96 A Rant about Senator James
.. by Timothy C. May In my protest against the Hon. Jim Exon, I went to his office this week
and dropped off a printout of indecent speech that I have on the Justice
on Campus Project:
   I told the bewildered receptionist that his boss was to blame for making
me a criminal.
I'm now a plaintiff in the ACLU/EFF lawsuit challenging the CDA, BTW.
Two articles on our lawsuit are at:

@_date: 1996-04-12 07:48:03
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Know Your Net.Enemies Project 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 11-Apr-96 Re: Know Your Net.Enemies P.. by
Timothy C. May Tim, I thought that the "Enemies List" name would be seen as a
deliberate takeoff of Nixon's Enemies List, and what I thought would be
a humorous working title for the project until a permanent one was
found. You may remember, BTW, that I don't have the power of the FBI to
But since I was unclear and since the joke was ill-taken, I apologize.
To be clear: I envision this as opposition research. In the context of
the CDA, it was very useful to know what the family values groups were
saying -- their arguments and their strategies. A central collection
point for such research is a useful thing.
Suggestions for a working title, anyone?

@_date: 1996-04-17 02:32:14
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: CDA Court Challenge: Update #7 (Ducks on the Net) 
Excerpts from cypherpunks: 15-Apr-96 Re: CDA Court Challenge: Up.. by
Timothy C. May The headlines were mine, not The Netly News'. They do not appear on
TNN's web site.
-Declan, now guilty of "cute headlines"

@_date: 1996-04-26 22:49:06
@_author: Michael Loomis 
@_subject: Re: US law - World Law - Secret Banking 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 25-Apr-96 Re: US law - World Law -
Se.. by Timothy C. May     I have been reading this list to get an idea where Declan gets some
of his lunatic ideas and what Rich Graves says when he is not up to
Holocaust fetishism.  Despite Timothy's claim to the contrary, it seems
that the basic point of this list is some libertarian notion that tax
evasion is a good thing.  While I am not clear how serious of threat, if
one at all, to a system of fair taxiation, since much of the talk could
be simply bluff, I have been made glad for the first time for the War on
Drugs.  This silly war--tragic in terms of its economic cost and its
assault on liberty--at least has forces some government agencies to take
you seriously enough to figure out how to derail your plans of tax
Michael Loomis

@_date: 1996-06-10 23:00:28
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Gore's speech writers 
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 9-Jun-96 Gore's speech writers by
Timothy C. May I've been a fan of Helprin's short stories for a number of years -- he
is a beautiful writer and talented wordsmith. Helprin can make a
paragraph get up, get down, and do the fandango.
If anything is going to give Dole a competitive edge during this
campaign, it's Mark Helprin.
