
@_date: 1998-09-10 21:15:52
@_author: "Scott Balson" 
@_subject: One Nation tax policy on ABC 
Dear One Nation supporter in NSW
We anticipate that the ABC's 7.30 Report will cover One Nation's discussion document on tax:  "2%EASYTAX" We cannot guarantee how it will be presented but we are pleased that the ABC, unlike other Australian media, are apparently giving us the opportunity to present our views on why the tax should be The tax proposal has not been given a fair go by the media so far.
See: Global Web Builders
Scott Balson
Pauline Hanson's Web Master

@_date: 1998-09-15 01:22:28
@_author: "Scott Balson" 
@_subject: Globalisation: Demise of the Australian nation 
New book: 'GLOBALISATION: DEMISE OF THE AUSTRALIAN NATION'. This is Graham Strachan's follow-up to his controversial sellout success, 'Economic Rationalism: a Disaster for Australia'. (See articles at: We recommend it to those who are concerned about where Australia will be, and has been going under the Laboral factions (Labor and Coalition parties) for the last 20 PLUS years.
Globalisation is no longer a conspiracy theory: it is official Government (and Opposition) policy! The only secret now is just what 'globalisation' means.According to the power elites it involves 'trade liberalisation' and that's it. In fact it goes far beyond that, and includes political and social globalisation as well. This book explains how it is all being engineered behind a screen of lies and half truths by dishonest politicians, corrupt media, and treacherous elites in business, government bureaucracies, academia and the churches, with the aid of false economic and social theories. While it concentrates on economic deceit, this book goes on to uncover the complete globalisation programme. The real nature of Globalism might surprise you!At $15 plus $2.50 postage (with discounts on both book and postage for larger orders) every Australian must read this book. Ordering details at Graham's website: Scott Balson
Pauline Hanson's One Nation

@_date: 1998-09-24 01:49:10
@_author: "Scott Balson" 
@_subject: Urgent - ABC coverage on One Nation 
Dear One Nation supporter
Att 6.55pm the ABC will be carrying a 5 minute address by One Nation.
We apologise for the short time warning, but we have just been advised.
The One Nation Health Policy released today is now on line at:
Scott Balson
Pauline Hanson's One Nation Web

@_date: 1998-09-28 17:48:40
@_author: "Scott Balson" 
@_subject: One Nation Update 
Dear One Nation supporters in NSW Later today Pauline Hanson will launch the One Nation campaign in Gatton.
In the meantime there are two new pages on the Internet worth visiting
The day Pauline Hanson defeated the politically correct Liberals and Nationals lump law abiding firearm owners in with (With a link to the Liberal web site page)
Please have a look at further policy updates at:
and don't forget the Federal Election pages at:
Finally, on Saturday you can participate in real time chat with hundreds of others, View:
to find out how.
Scott Balson
Pauline Hanson's One Nation Web

@_date: 1998-09-29 13:06:57
@_author: "Scott Balson" 
@_subject: One Nation launch - the day the media snapped 
Dear One Nation supporter, Please take time to view this report with images of the One Nation launch yesterday.
Scott Balson
