
@_date: 1993-02-23 15:03:28
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: RE>Congratulations to All! 
Reply to Message-Id: <9302232131.AA17884 from
tcmay (Timothy C. May)
Actually, I may (regretfully) be sending in my cancellation as well. This
group is fascinating, but I find most of the discussion goes right over my
head. Also, the mail generated is just too voluminous. I log into my netcom
account by modem (and use Eudora to retrieve my mail). Yesterday I had
about 40 messages from this list, today I had over 70! Whew!!! That's a lot
of mail to retrieve by modem.
What I'd really like to see is a digest form of this list. Also, for
newcomers like myself a FAQ would be of tremendous benefit.
I'd say you're quite right about that. Keep up the great work!

@_date: 1993-02-24 09:30:25
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Re: Law&Disorder (fwd) 
Everything is happening in the Bay Area. And I'm stuck down here in the
L.A. wasteland (sigh).
Oh well. At least there's mailing lists.

@_date: 1993-02-25 01:03:13
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Re: Finding Mac PGP software? 
Dave, I've tried ftp'ing to that site, but I get "unknown site". Is that
really the correct address? I appreciate the info.

@_date: 1993-03-11 13:54:41
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: cypherpunks-request mail is ignored 
I hate to mail administrative  requests to the whole group, but I had
previously sent my request to cypherpunks-request to no avail. Is that
not the correct address? Maybe the reason you all keep seeing unsubscribe
requests mailed to the entire group is because such requests sent to
cypherpunks-request are being ignored.
Anyway, someone PLEASE unsubscribe me from this list. I would like to
subscribe to cypherpunks-announce only. I can't handle this volume of mail.

@_date: 1993-03-11 19:56:21
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: CYPHERPUNKS=EMAIL HARASSEMENT? 
Hopefully my subject line got someone's attention.
I just received a 3K file in my mailbox from George A. Habrecht with
lines repeating over and over "Please unsusbcribe me!!!" Perhaps many
of you simply deleted it without even noticing what the mail said. But you
should all take note that the cypherpunks list is starting to piss off
 a lot of people who would be supportive of what you are doing if not
for the huge volumes of unwanted mail.
Loading up peoples mailboxes with unwanted mail is IRRESPONSIBLE!
Is this what cypherpunks wants to become known for on the net? It's really
very simple: if someone send an unsubscribe request, it should be honored.
There's no excuse for ignoring such requests. Clearly someone is asleep
at the wheel here and the situation needs to be rectified.
The cypherpunks list is increasingly running the risk of some vengeful retaliation from a pissed off individual frustrated at having their
"unsubscribe" requests repeatedly ignored. Is this what the cypherpunks
want? I'm not saying that Mr. Habrecht would do such a thing. I'm simply
saying that it is a real possibility that someone may be tempted to do
such a thing, and it could be easily avoided if whoever is supposed to be
overseeing this list would get their act together!
I was annoyed at getting that 3K file in my mailbox, but I am completely
sympathetic to his frustration. I am saddened by seeing cypherpunks so insensitive to this frustration and oblivious to the anger that some people are starting to feel toward this list. Do you not care
that cypherpunks is developing a tarnished reputation because of this?
Don't any of you cypherpunks think that maybe sending huge volumes of
unwanted mail to people is innappropriate? Don't you think that maybe
someone should get their act together and rectify this situation?!!!
My esteem for this group is dropping lower and lower with each passing day
that I see my and others' "unsusbscribe" requests being ignored. It truly
saddens me because i think that the mission of this group is a worthy one,
but it is becoming tarnished by this maling list fiasco. I think it's very
P.S. If someone DOES finally get their act together on this, I'll like to
subscribe to cypherpunk-announce only.

@_date: 1993-03-11 21:12:21
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Re: CYPHERPUNKS=EMAIL HARASSEMENT? 
You are very wrong! As a matter of fact, I have sent unsubscribe requests
to cypherpunks-request and those requests have been ignored! That's why I
sent this last message of mine to the whole list. I'd be willing to bet
that the individual who sent the 3K file had also attempted initially to
send his request to cypherpunks-request and had his request ignored. In
fact, it's quite possible that MANY of the people who have sent their
"unsubscribe" requests to the whole list have done so because initial
requests sent to cypherpunks-request were ignored!
Brushing this matter aside as a non-issue and pretending there is no
problem will not make the problem go away! UNSUBSCRIBE REQUESTS SENT TO
CYPHERPUNKS-REQUEST ARE BEING IGNORED!!!
Certainly you cypherpunks can understand the disaster you are inviting upon
yourselves if you continue to piss people off with huge volumes of unwanted
mail. I repeat: UNSUBSCRIBE REQUESTS SENT TO CYPHERPUNKS-REQUEST ARE BEING
IGNORED!!! Have some consideration, folks, and fix the damn problem!!!!
Michael Brennan      - mbrennan

@_date: 1993-03-12 00:02:41
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Cypherpricks think they're cool 
What arrogant little pricks you are, Mr. Ringuette and Mr. May! So is this
what cypherpunks is really all about: "dirty tricks", "mail bombs", endless
harassment of people on the net who simply wish to be left alone? I had
originally thought that cypherpunks had higher objectives in mind than
that, but evidently at least some of you simply fancy yourselves as some
sort of cyber-terrorists (although you're really no better than petty
I've seen many of you raise issues about responsibility on the net. Is
proving that you have a "bigger arsenal of dirty tricks" you're idea of
responsibility? And do you really think that cypherpunks could survive such
a war? You yourselves have admitted that you have many enemies in your
quest for net privacy and anonymity. Do you foolishly believe that they
won't seize upon this irresponsible behavior on your part and use it to
prove their point? You will only succeed in bringing about precisely what
you claim to oppose: oppressive controls on the internet to stop petty
vandals like yourself.
I would hope that there are some among you that have some scrap of sanity
left, and realize that there is nothing to be gained from bringing a
needless war down upon yourselves. Wise up!
From tcmay:
I sent one request to cypherpunks-request about three weeks ago, and a
second about a week ago. Was Eric Hughes at the CFP conference then? And
you may have noticed that a third person has now stepped forward and
expressed frustration over being in the same predicament. Do you still want
to pretend there is no problem? What will it take for you to realize there
is: the third person, the fourth, fixth, sixth? I'll say it again: Wise up!
I've been very patient over this, but I'm disgusted at your arrogant
promises of "dirty tricks" and "mail bombs" against those who simply want
to unsubscribe from the list! What phenomenal assholes you are!!!
Michael Brennan      - mbrennan

@_date: 1993-03-12 01:20:44
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Unacceptable slander by dclunie 
[ abridged quote from metioned user's posting deleted...]
Think about this scenario for a moment: dclunie sends mail to the system
adiministrator of an institution complaining of the mail sent by a
particular user. The system administrator confronts the user, who then
explains the situation. He explains that he has sent numerous requests to
be unsubscribed from the list, but they continue to send large volumes of
mail. Out of frustration, he sends an 80K file to the list hoping it will
get someone's attention. The mail continues, and several members of the
list makes threats of "dirty tricks" and "mail bombs" against him. Now one
of the "cypherpunks" is sending libelous mail to the system administrator.
The system administrator now understands the situation; an educational
institution on the net is made aware of a rapidly developing campaign of
harrassment and vandalism by the cypherpunks. So what happens now? Are the
cypherpunks winning?
Are you people blind to what you are doing? What fools!!!
What upsets me the most about all of this is that I am truly an advocate of
net freedom, privacy, and anonymity. But the cypherpunks is setting itself
up for a big fall and they threaten to tarnish the whole movement toward
net freedom and privacy with their petty, puerile, and vandalous behavior!
Michael Brennan      - mbrennan

@_date: 1993-03-12 08:42:09
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Re: Unacceptable slander by dclunie 
I don't agree it was appropriate to notify the administrator. This could
all have been handled far more elegantly considering the circumstances. Thank you for this information. I will attempt these courses of action.
Perhaps if someone had attempted to offer helpful information from the
outset, this problem never would have reached this level. Instead certain
individuals chose to post arrogant promises of "retribution" against
others, rather than trying to be constructive in this.
I agree wholeheartedly, and I am glad this discourse now finally seems to
be moving onto a level-headed and constructive level. I appeal to all of
the cypherpunks to keep it this way! Let's figure what's going wrong here
and resolve the situation instead of playing one-upmanship with mail bombs
and threats of "dirty tricks".
Michael Brennan      - mbrennan

@_date: 1993-03-12 11:02:56
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Re: Unacceptable slander by dclunie [FLAME] 
You are flaming. Get a clue.
You shouldn't have to receive junk mail from anyone. And neither should
anyone else! Why are you so special that you shouldn't have to get junk
mail but others should? If the cypherpunks list simply honored unsubscribe
requests, then no one here would be getting unwanted junk mail. It's really
that simple.
My postings were intended as an appeal for sanity and responsibility on the
part of the cypherpunks, but you seem intent on dragging this whole affair
down to new depths. I have simply tried to call attention to the fact that
there is a problem with cypherpunks-request and that unsubscribe requests are
being ignored. For my own part, I've made several such requests over the course
of about a month. Your arrogant, puerile rantings contribute nothing constructive to the situation.
I am glad that other cypherpunks are not sinking to the petty-minded depths
that Uri has chosen to sink to. (And to those that I may have insulted in a previous posting, I apologize, but I would hope that you now realize that
promises of "retaliation" against those who just want to unsubscribe was
Let's please all try for some civility and sanity and just try to get the problem resolved!

@_date: 1993-03-12 11:10:03
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Re: UNSUBSCRIBE ME!!!!! 
Please explain to me, lefty, why you insist on flaming someone who simply wants to unsubscribe from the list. This is truly beyond comprehension. I had
thought for a moment that the cypherpunks were rising above petty, arrogant
slanders, but evidently I was wrong. Clearly uri and lefty wish to drag this
whole affair down to new depths. And why? Just to prove to everyone that you
can insert your head up your ass further than anyone can imagine?
You are truly pathetic.

@_date: 1993-03-12 11:19:52
@_author: Michael Brennan 
@_subject: Re: An Appeal to Calm 
[...]
I would hope things would calm down a bit, as well. Sending a massive mail bomb
to the list may have been innappropriate, but so is continuing to send unwanted
mail to a user who has made repeated unsubscribe requests. Why are some of you
insisting on waging a flame war?!! What do you intend to gain from such I am encouraged that at least some voices of reason are now emerging amidst all
of this, and I would hope that the cypherpunks would try to understand the
frustation of those who have their unsubscribe requests ignored and continue
to receive unwanted mail.

@_date: 1993-03-16 09:32:07
@_author: Eric Hughes 
@_subject: the recent mailing list flames 
A word from your list maintainer.
Some people have no patience.  I was at CFP for three days last week,
soda has crashed twice (and is still down as of this writing), I've
had house guests.  I just this morning finished all the pending list
requests.  (All the deletions I did yesterday.)
One of the two loud complainers, mbrennan had actually
doubled subscribed himself to the list.  I had already removed him
once, so I thought; I had moved him over to the -announce list.
Since we don't believe in security by obscurity here, the following
will generate a mail bomb for the next time _you_ want to be an
The program 'yes' (be repetitively affirmative) goes into an infinite
loop printing its argument.  When the pipe buffer fills up, the kernal
blocks the 'yes' process and invokes 'head', which partially empties
the buffer; 'yes' refills it.  This goes on until 'head' has seen
enough lines and terminates and closes the pipe.  Closing the pipe
then causes 'yes' to terminate.  So even though 'yes' is nominally an
infinite loop, when bound to a pipe and to a program which accepts a
bounded number of lines, it stops being an infinite loop.  I consider
this clever.
Enjoy, but do not deploy this one.
