
@_date: 1993-10-03 14:24:42
@_author: 24th and Speedway 
@_subject: Austin Cypherpunks organizational meeting 
The Austin Cypherpunks chapter will be holding its first local
meeting on Saturday the 9th of October at 1:00 pm in room 2.006 of
Taylor Hall (UT Campus).  This will be an organizational meeting for the local chapter and will give you an opportunity to meet other cypherpunks from the Austin area.
For the first time, information technology is giving people the opportunity for more privacy instead of less. For instance, we will have digital money soon; will it be used to track you every time you spend, or will it give you more security and convenience than a credit card with the anonymity of cash?
Both are possible outcomes, but you will only keep your privacy if people get together and take action. Please join us, either in person or through our mailing lists, and help work towards a future where
your privacy is guaranteed, not just legally, but by the best
encryption and authentication tools available.
Some of the items on the agenda for this first meeting include:
 		Swap public keys with other members.  We will
 		have Macs and PCs on hand for you to sign and
 		exchange public keys with other cypherpunks
 		members.   	-Digital Credit Union Project
[Location Instructions: Go to Taylor Hall on the UT campus.  This building
is at 24th and Speedway.  The directions to room 2.006 are a little
complicated for words, but a map will be posted on all of the doors to
Taylor hall.]
To subscribe to our full mailing list, send mail to:      austin-cypherpunks-request
To subscribe to our announcement-only mailing list, send mail to:      austin-cypherpunks-announce-request
Put the word 'subscribe' in the subject of your mail.
Our file archives are available in /pub/cypherpunks via anonymous
ftp at: ftp.cc.utexas.edu
The Austin Cypherpunks chapter will continue to meet on the second saturday of each month in conjunction with local cypherpunk chapters
across the country.  The location of future meetings will be announced
on local newsgroups and the local cypherpunks mailing list.
Cypherpunks:  There is safety in numbers... large primes.
Local contacts for your questions...:
