
@_date: 1993-07-21 16:56:14
@_author: Ken McGlothlen 
@_subject: Re: ANON: remail abuse 
Just another lurker, speaking up for the first time. . . .
[...first, an example of how to harrass without a remailer, then:]
While I tend to agree with you on this point, the fact remains that most
people, by and large, are idiots.  And while I'm a closet libertarian at heart,
this one simple fact of life gives me pause on a number of issues where some
potentially useful and/or fun object can be put to extreme nastiness without
much (or any) knowledge or imagination:  firearms, poisons, neurotoxins,
gamma-ray sources, genetic-engineering kits . . . and anonymous remailers.
Oh, big deal.  Payphone = 25c.  Junk mail = 29c for *first-class* harrassment
mail.  :)  Anonymous E-mail remailers = something much less, or free at the
Money is *not* the issue.  Period.
The reason anonymous remailers are not the same as payphones or junk mail is
that the latter two leave tangible clues behind.  While I'm not entirely happy
with the US justice system, it seems to me that given society's current
limitations, a police force of some sort is generally a good thing (if strict
controls are kept on it).  (Sorry, I realize that this is a bit of a fringe
opinion in *this* group, but. . . .)  Both payphones and mail leave tangible
clues which can be investigated and traced by law enforcement authorities.
Anonymous mail doesn't---at least, not without actually running a process or a
logger on the machine itself.
So they're *not* equivalent.
But not as anonymously, except in the case of Usenet postings.

@_date: 1993-11-13 12:14:53
@_author: Ken McGlothlen 
@_subject: Re: The Courtesies of Cypherpunks 
But wouldn't you say that *any* mailbombing is atrocious behavior?  So why
should you garner further respect?
The first one has the most credibility as far as forfeiting one's right to
privacy.  But then, I think that mailbombing someone, and then threatening more
mailbombs, might well lead to getting some help from the site administrator, or
even the subnet administrator if need be, because that sort of juvenile,
puerile action isn't warranted at any time.  The last one is the . . . well,
stupidest, because if that held to *everyone*, then nobody would have any right
to privacy.  Anyone could accuse anyone, without basis, of impropriety or
criminality.  Hey, Detweiler, where were you on the night of February 4, 1989?
Someone was breaking into my system from colostate.edu. . . .  Unless it was a
special event, you'd probably have a tough time remembering what happened to
you on that day, much less rounding up witnesses.  So how can you make an
"adequate response"?  Whose definition of "adequate response" do you use?
I just don't think that your rather arbitrary, personal criteria justify
forfeiting one's "right to privacy"---and whose definition do you use for that?
Pardon?  Meaning that if I'd sent you mail---*any* mail---via anon.penet.fi,
that I forfeit my "right to privacy"?  That's ludicrous.  Inane, even.
Again, whose definitions do we use?  I'd really hesitate to use yours as
written above.  Why not my definitions?  Because I think mailbombs at *any*
time are odious, because they not only affect the users involved, but every
site that message goes through.  So have you forfeited your right to privacy?
If not, why?  Who says?
Well, who decides?  You or the moderator?  Maybe the moderator prefers his
Fortunately, there has been no move to adopt this sort of "code of ethics" on a
general basis.  It's not so much a "code of ethics" as much as it is a "code of
Detweiler uber alles."  It's just too arbitrary and Detweiler-centric, and the
results of violating your code of ethics seems to be swamping people with
mailbombs, so. . . .
More ludicrousness.  Cypherpunks is not made of a uniform hive of like-minded
hackers (traditional sense).
What truth?  You haven't really said anything useful here, you've just tried to
dictate what your "code of ethics" is, which boils down to "if you do something
I don't like, at any point, you lose your right to privacy as far as I'm
concerned."  It's arbitrary and capricious; not all that useful to the rest of
us, and hardly appropriate to this list.
And as for that point, you are guilty of lumping all of us together again,
aren't you?

@_date: 1994-01-20 20:06:50
@_author: Ken McGlothlen 
@_subject: Re: SQUISH IDIOCY 
I'm beginning to think that he's right.  Not that he isn't responsible for
anything he ships through the remailers, but that the remailers should be
redesigned, because it's becoming clear that boneheads such as Detweiler rob
such remailers of any potential usefulness through their abuse.
For this reason, I'm going to start rejecting any mail coming from an anonymous
remailer.  I've just gotten to the point where any potential usefulness is
totally outweighed by their inconvenience and the inability to filter the
ani-for-brains who persist in abusing them.  Unless someone can come up with a
way to make them useful again, I just can't see any reason to read 'em.

@_date: 1994-03-11 07:37:06
@_author: Ken McGlothlen 
@_subject: Re: Surveillance cameras 
"Stewardess?  Could I get some extra ice?"
IR scans can be *so* easily messed up that I'm amazed anyone is seriously
suggesting this.  A facial scan can be messed up by downing a cold drink.
Downing a hot drink.  Ambient temperature.  Sweating.  Sucking an ice cube,
though, is one of the easiest.  Or just running it across your forehead and
cheeks.  Even a hat can mess one up as far as recognition purposes go.
