
@_date: 1993-05-18 19:46:55
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: Mixing ciphertext and plaintext 
If you wish to mix plaintext and ciphertext in an email message then
you can use Dolphin Encrypt.  Let's say your message is to consist of
P1/C2/P3, plaintext/ciphertext/plaintext, where C2 is ciphertext
derived from plaintext P2.  What you do is put P2 into a file F.TXT,
then run Dolphin Encrypt with a command such as:
                       DE E F.TXT F.ENC /t
After you give Dolphin Encrypt the encryption key F.ENC will be a file
which consists of pseudo-uuencoded ciphertext (that's what the "/t" is
for).  Run your mailer program.  Write your P1.  ASCII-upload F.ENC,
which is your C2.  (No need to mark the beginning/end of the
ciphertext block.)  Finish off with your P3 and send your message.
The recipient captures the entire message as, say, G.ENC, then runs:
                       DE D G.ENC G.DEC /t
(Of course, she has to know the encryption key.)  Dolphin Encrypt
skips over P1 to get at C2 and writes G.DEC containing P2.  Voila!
For further info send me a snailmail address.

@_date: 1993-05-20 12:12:42
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: Reply to queries concerning DE 
1.  I'm sure Stanton is aware (though perhaps there are some
people who are not) that there were cryptosystems in existence
before PGP, and before public key cryptography was invented.
DES is an example.  Such cryptosystems (in contrast to PGP) are
called "symmetric key" systems since the key used to encrypt is
the same as the key used to decrypt.  This being so, there is the
problem of how to get the key to the person decrypting the received
ciphertext. (This is as true for DES as for any other symmetric
key system.)  There are ways, more or less secure.  A secure way
is to use PGP to transmit the encrypted key.  If your only
encryption need is transmitting encrypted email then PGP may be
all you need.  If you want to encrypt lots of 1MB database files,
either to keep around or to transmit, then a faster encryption
process is needed.
2.  They know how to use "that long de command" (actually I think
it's quite short) because they've RTFM or had it explained to
them, just as for PGP.
3.  If they didn't use it they'd just have a block of what looks
like uuencoded stuff in the middle of the received message.  If
they put a wrapper around it and uudecoded they'd get *real* gibberish.
The encryption process was developed and refined, with no input from
any government agency, during the last few years.  A general description
of it is given in the manual that comes with Dolphin Encrypt. I shall
post this description in the following message.  Comments are welcome.
Although this description is quite detailed, it is not sufficient to
work through the process with pencil and paper, since it is too
complex.  The complete details can only be understood from a study of
the C source code, which is provided with the Dolphin Encryption
Library, a C library usable by programmers to add encryption capabilities
to application programs.  More details available by snailmail; requests
by email or to 512-479-9208.  (We finally had our cute executive secretary
record the message; sounds better now - and, no, she doesn't throw the
Selectric typewriter ribbons in the trash.  In fact, we feed *all* our
cast-off confidential data to the hogs out back.  Best security method
we've ever used, though the dobermans are pretty good too.)

@_date: 1993-05-20 12:12:46
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: DE encryption method 
The Dolphin Encryption Process
The encryption process is a symmetric block cipher, where the block is
any size from 1 byte to about 16K.  The encryption key consists of a
string of from 10 to 60 ASCII characters. The key is converted into
six seed numbers using the MD5 message digest algorithm.  These
numbers are used to seed several pseudo-random-number generators
(PRNGs).  The key is also used to randomize other elements of the
system.  During encryption a series of extended and encrypted derivatives
of the key are used to scramble the plaintext.  The resulting ciphertext
is further combined with a portion of the adjacent plaintext (in a way
that depends on the key).  The enciphered block is then expanded by
the random addition of random bytes.  Finally the enciphered block is
shuffled in a way depending on the key.
The explanation of the encryption process has the following sections:
(a)PRNGs used
(b)Key input
(c)General initialization
(d)Block initialization
(e)Block encryption
(a)  PRNGs used
The process employs two kinds of PRNG:
(i)  Multiplicative congruential
This kind of PRNG is described in D. Knuth, The Art of Computer
Programming, Volume 2, pp. 9-20, and in S. Park and K. Miller, "Random
Number Generators: Good Ones are Hard to Find", Communications of the
ACM, Vol. 31 No. 10 (October 1988), pp. 1192-1201.  Three multiplicative
PRNGs are used in the encryption process.
(ii)  Additive
This kind of PRNG is described in D. Knuth, The Art of Computer
Programming, Volume 2, pp. 27-31, and in S. Kirkpatrick and E. Stoll,
"A Very Fast Shift-Register Sequence Random Number Generator", Journal
of Computational Physics, 40 (1981), pp. 517-526.
Five additive PRNGs are used in the encryption process.
(b)  Key input
The process makes use of a user-input key and six seed numbers which
are derived from that key.  The user may enter any string of typeable
characters.  All lower case characters are converted to upper case,
and all characters except the following 68 are eliminated:
                    ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
            0123456789`~!@
The resulting string is called the input key.  The input key must
consist of at least ten characters and at most sixty, and it must
contain at least six different characters.  If not then it is rejected.
(c)  General initialization
Once an acceptable input key has been entered, there are two operations
that are performed using this key before any actual data encryption
(i)  Six seed numbers in the range 4,000,000 through 1,431,655,765 are
generated from the input key using the MD5 message digest algorithm.
(ii)  The three multiplicative PRNGs are used in different ways in the
encryption process.  Based on the key the particular ways in which
they are to be used are determined at this stage.
(d)  Block initialization
The block size must be specified.  For each block the encipherment
process occurs as follows:
(i)  The block is assigned a number in the range 0 - 65,535.
(ii)  The three multiplicative PRNGs are initialized using three of
the seed numbers and the block number.
(iii)  A set of five additive PRNGs is randomly chosen from a set of
thirty.  They are initialized using five of the seed numbers, the
block number and numbers generated by the multiplicative PRNGs.
(iv)  A sub-block length is randomly selected using one of the
multiplicative PRNGs.  Its value depends on the key, but lies in the
range 30 through 180.
(e)  Block encryption
Block encryption consists of three processes: scrambling,
interpolation and shuffling.
(i)  Scrambling
Scrambling involves two parallel encipherment processes:
    (1)  A series of character strings are generated from the input key.
The length of each string is at least 250 and at most 500 bytes and is
chosen so as not to be divisible by the previously mentioned sub-block
length; otherwise the length of the string is random.  Each byte in
this string is derived from a combination of a byte randomly selected
from the input key and a value returned by one of the additive PRNGs.
As each string is generated its MD5 message digest is also generated.
The block is divided into a set of non-overlapping variable-length
sub-blocks corresponding to the lengths of the strings thus generated.
Each byte in each sub-block is modified by combination with a byte in
the string, a byte in the MD5 message digest of the current string and
a value obtained by using one of the PRNGs.
    (2)  In the second, concurrent, process the block is divided into
fixed-length non-overlapping sub-blocks which have the previously
mentioned sub-block length.  The bytes in each ciphertext sub-block
are combined with some or all of the bytes in the corresponding
plaintext sub-block in a manner involving the use of one of the PRNGs.
(ii)  Interpolation
Meaningless bytes are now interpolated among the bytes of the
ciphertext. This is done in a random way using one of the PRNGs and so
that these interpolated random bytes can be eliminated during decipherment.
This step generally increases the size of the block by 2% to 10%.
(iii)  Shuffling
The bytes are then permuted (or in other words, shuffled) randomly by
a process that again uses one of the PRNGs and the input key, and
which is reversible if and only if the key is known.
The completes the encipherment of the data block.  This process may be
performed on each block of data making up any larger block, such as a
disk file.

@_date: 1993-05-24 05:42:30
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: FAQ 
Damned line noise zapped this last time just as I was about to send it.
I don't think it went (uustat apparently knew nothing of it), so here
it is again:
From Eric Raymond's draft FAQ:
Privacy extends to more than just invulnerability to eavesdropping
upon one's communications.  One may have private records which are
viewed only by oneself, and never communicated.  A cryptosystem
suitable for encryption of such non-communicated information need
not be a public-key cryptosystem.  Thus:
2 d. Cryptosystems for protecting privately-held information
     against unauthorized access.

@_date: 1993-05-25 21:14:20
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: AT&T 
I recently switched my long distance carrier from AT&T to another,
since they bribed me to do so with an offer of $35.
Tonight a lady from AT&T called to ask why I switched.  "They bribed
me," I said.  I said that I also had a problem with AT&T's support
of the Clipper (or Wiretap) Chip.  She had never heard of this, but
I said to write this down on her report so that some higher-up in
AT&T would get the message.
She then offered to pay me $50 to switch back to AT&T.  I thought,
if I keep switching, and they keep upping the amount, eventually I
can pay my rent this way.  But no.  I said: As long as AT&T supports
the Clipper Chip I'll never return to AT&T!  Ah, the pleasure of
occupying the moral high ground.  (Now, if they'd offered $500 ...)

@_date: 1993-05-26 01:11:08
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: Funny bounce 
My previous message to cypherpunks, the one which had
subject heading "AT&T" and which began:
"I recently switched my long distance carrier from AT&T to another,
since they bribed me to do so with an offer of $35."
seemed to be posted OK (it apparently came back to me as expected)
but I also got this funny bounce message:
    01 Invalid Address Specification
This seems odd.  What's going on?  Do all messages with "AT&T" in the
subject line get siphoned off somewhere for review?  Did this one
generate a bounce message because the account of Bryan Petty, AT&T spy,
wasn't receiving tonight?  OK, I'm just paranoid.  (Paranoia - that's
your state of mind when you finally realize what's really going on.)

@_date: 1993-05-26 01:24:53
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: Request for proposals 
We've just released new versions of Dolphin Encrypt and
Dolphin Encrypt Advanced Version, and have a few of the
older manuals left over (almost the same as the new ones).
If you'care to propose writing a review of this encryption
software (to appear where?) and you're not obviously a
government spy, then send me a message and I'll probably
allow myself to be persuaded to send you a complimentary
review copy (older manuals, but newest version of the
software).  You'll have to agree to allow your email
address to be given to the other recipients of complimentary
copies so that you have the opportunity to exchange email
among yourselves encrypted using Dolphin Encrypt.  Offer
good while supplies last.  Offer void whererohibited.

@_date: 1993-05-26 12:41:18
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: DE platform 
My apologies for not thinking to state what platform Dolphin Encrypt
currently runs on.  It's vanilla MS-DOS.  Other versions are planned.
The Dolphin Encryption Library (16 or so functions, containing the
core encryption functions from DE) is also for MS-DOS (designed to
work with the Microsoft and Borland development systems).  This is all
standard ANSI C code, so should port to other platforms without much
problem.  Currently there's a Clipper-oriented (that's the database
language) version in preparation.  Developers on other platforms
(Unix, Amiga, etc.) who are interested in porting the library should
send me email.  I am most interested in contacting someone who can
not only port the library but also market it.
Porting of the Dolphin Encrypt program is a Stage II task, and depends
on successful porting of the library.

@_date: 1993-05-26 20:59:27
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: Data Insecurity Packages, etc. 
This may or may not be one of those papers:
Martin Kochanski: "A Survey of Data Insecurity Packages"
in Deavours et al., Cryptology, pp. 195 - 209.
None of the encryption methods analyzed by Kochanski were particularly
complex, even though it did take skill to crack most of them.  It
turns out that in each case the encryption algorithm used is fairly
easy to state (in, say, half a page).
So far the DE method has not been well-examined, except by its
developers (who have spent years on this).  I took a step toward
public examination of the method by posting the natural language
description here on cypherpunks a few weeks ago. (Anyone who missed
it can get it from me.)  This description has been available in the
manual for a year now, for anyone who cared to purchase the product.
It has also been examined by four cryptologists (professional and/or
credentialed) not involved in its development, and it was ridiculed
by none of them.
As I said, the complete details are in the C code, which is
available at present to anyone who purchases the library, and which
will be made public sometime down the road.
Of course, any crypto system must be made available to public
examination before it can be judged strong or otherwise.  If I
didn't think the DE encryption method was strong I wouldn't be
making it public.  Just because we have DES and IDEA doesn't mean we
should be satisfied with them only.  The first task of a cryptanalyst
is to discover what method of encryption was used. If that is known
(and solving this problem itself may be non-trivial) then
cryptanalysis may proceed either by (i) a study of patterns in the
ciphertext or (ii) a thorough study of the encryption method used.
Statistical tests have not revealed any patterns in DE-encrypted
ciphertext so far.  We'll see whether analysis of the DE method by
others reveals any flaws.  Until then I'm reminded of the saying:
"Those who can, do; those who can't, criticise."
This brings up an interesting question: what charactersistics, if
any, do different encryption methods produce in ciphertext?  From a
study of several large samples of ciphertext produced by a
particular encryption method, what clues might there be to the
identity of the encryption method used?  I'd like to hear if anyone
knows of any published work which addresses this question.  Since
DES in electronic code book mode (which is considered insecure)
encrypts 8-byte chunks which are independent of each other, it's
entirely possible that the ciphertext can be identified as the
product of DES-ECB.

@_date: 1993-05-28 21:32:21
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: Trust, Amateur/Professional, use of PRNGs 
I am not asking that you take it on trust.  If I were I wouldn't
be revealing the details of the encryption method and I wouldn't
be subjecting the software to critical examination.
You omit to point out that Kahn also discusses the cryptosystem
invented in the late 18th Century by Thomas Jefferson.  I'm not
aware that Jefferson was a "professional" cryptologist or that he
was "credentialed" in this field.  Yet his cryptosystem was
sufficiently strong that even after 1922 "other branches of the
American government used the Jefferson system, generally slightly
modified, and it often defeated the best efforts of the 20th-century
cryptanalysts who tried to break it down!  To this day the Navy
uses it."  (Kahn, p.195 of the hardbound edition.)
This shows that your distinction between "professionals" (by
implication, the experts) and "amateurs" (by implication, the
self-deluding fools) is false.  There is no such clear-cut
distinction.  Whether a cryptosystem is strong or not has to be
decided by an examination of the system itself, not on the basis of
whether its author has attended cryptology classes at M.I.T.
XORing the plaintext with the outcome of a linear congruential PRNG
is a very simple-minded way to use a PRNG.  Such operations are
certainly amenable to mathematical analysis.  No doubt you've read
your Abraham Sinkov on "Mathematical Cryptanalysis" and other such
works, where the solving of simultaneous equations in several
(perhaps many) unknowns may yield a solution in some cases.  Yet I
fail to understand why you assume that someone (even someone
"uncredentialed") who uses PRNGs in a cryptosystem will necessarily
do so in a simple-minded way.  I can't imagine why any intelligent
designer of a cryptosystem would commit that error.

@_date: 1993-05-28 21:34:48
@_author: meyer 
@_subject: Reply to Eric 
It's true I'm going out on a limb here, but the potential benefit to
the world is a new cryptosystem of some value (a deliberately modest
claim).  And one that was not designed by NSA complete with
trapdoors.  Anything new always meets with resistance.
The description was run by the cryptanalysts for their comment.  The
consensus was that the method was probably strong, or at least not
obviously weak, but that they had insufficient information to judge
properly.  You may disagree.  You may not like the proposed method,
but the real question is whether it works.  In-house testing has
been as rigorous as we can make it, but any outside cryptanalyst is
welcome to take a shot at it.
Yes, a cryptanalyst looks around for other evidence as to which
cryptosystem was used before the hard work of analysing ciphertext.
As you say, it may be a manual or an exmcttable.  The encipherer
himself may reveal it.  But in any case, identifying the encryption
method *is* the first step in cryptanalysis.
