
@_date: 1996-10-21 07:46:14
@_author: Michael Peponis 
@_subject: Re: [SERDAR ARGIC] Ray Arachelian's role in massacare of 2,500,000 Moslems 
:> > > Vulis, grow up.
That about sums it up.  It's one thing to  endlessly insult Tim May.  I can just ignore those.
It's another thing to send huge files full of irrevelent bable about
genocide in some third world country that I have to wait till it
downloads before I can make the determination that it's pure garbage.
(No, I don't killfile people on this list, maybe I should start)
Sandy made you a fair offer, if you are out to prove that Tim May is
an  and you are the divine being of cryptology,
then show up to one of the meetings and prove yourself in person,
or atleast insult Tim to his face.
Michael Peponis
PGP Encyrpted mail prefered for business corespondence
finger mianigand for public key

@_date: 1996-11-10 18:20:08
@_author: "Michael Peponis" 
@_subject: Re: Rarity: Crypto question enclosed 
Hey, that "stuff" comes in useful.
Some of the more origional ones are posted on my office wall,
so when people accuse me of being a childish, insensitive and
 egotistical  I just show them some cypherpunk postings, "See, I'm not
this bad, count yourself fortunate how would you like to work for some
of these guys?"
accomplished via standard Conceptual, I had the same idea about a year ago, but never enough
time to do it. Practically, it could be painful.
It's possible to have a key-server listen on a port and accept
requests, then it would
fork a process, process the result, and return an answer set.
But how many CPU cycles would it take for a machine to process a
request, ie going through
1000 of keys?  I am not exactly sure, it took a long while on my
In my opinion, if I were to run a key server as a service, with
clients connecting and requesting a key
it shouldn't take more than a minute to get a responce.
key, a exchange, (only Had the exact same idea, but came up with an interesting concept. When
a person submits a key, a PGP process is spawned yeilding the
following information 1.) The name (peponmc 2.) The real
name (Michael Peponis) 3.) The key size 4.) Creation date of the key
5.) Key finger print
This information, along with the acutal key would be inserted into a
SQL Database table
With a structure similar to this
Name           varchar2
Real_name   Varchar2
KeySize        Integer
CreationDate date
PGPKEY       Varchar(a fairly large one)
Submission_date  Date
The idea here being that the key would be added as a field, and
requests from clients
and other key servers would do a simple Database query, which are very
or existing. but I'd seem to difficult with would be used, It's not that hard, it's performance that's more of an issue.  The
beauty of my approch would be that initially, there would be alot of
"Add" requests, resulting in many PGP processes running on the box,
but eventually, they would tapper off.
Database requests pose no real problems, on Unix boxes, especially
with Oracle, the SGA is always running, it's just one more request,
going up against a realatively small table.  The box could return an
answer in a matter of seconds, as opposed to over a two minutes.
Server updates would be swift too, they would just transfer well
defined SQL Datasets between themselves.
parameters Let me know what you think of my idea
