
@_date: 1994-07-21 16:49:59
@_author: 1 
@_subject: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
(1) I'm not an anarchist.  Does that make me out of place here?  I'm willing to
live with some amount of government, as long as us owners stand a chance of
controlling or overthrowing it.  My biggest problem with Capstone is that it
changes the balance of power too much.
(2) I think crimes can be committed in cyberspace.  Substantially, if not
entirely, in cyberspace.  Maybe not so many now.  But I think it's
intellectually dishonest of us who understand the growing importance of
cyberspace to claim there won't be any social contracts there that could be
violated.  I accept the terms of the 4th ammendment: search and siezure allowed
when due process followed.  "Key escrow" is an attempt to implement the
cyberspatial analog of search.
(3) The Feds must know they can't prevent modestly well funded, educated, and
motivated folks from using unbreakable cryptography amongst themselves.  The
argument for doing key escrow anyway is that by installing a breakable
infrastructure, they'll make enough investigations cheaper and more effective
to be worth it.  Note that's a comparison of their money and success rate
against our privacy; no wonder they got it so wrong.
(4) If you accept points (1) and (2) above, you're left wanting a way to
implement searches in cyberspace when due process is followed.  I hope
anarchists won't be the only people opposing changing the balance of power
greatly in the government's favor (by poorly designed key escrow).  What are
the rest of us left to answer with?  Perhaps a much better key escrow design.
One that integrates the search with the due process in a cryptographically
strong way; one that can't be subverted by a few people in a few organizations.
For example, who says an escrowed key must have only two parts?  Why not a
whole lot of parts, distributed to a whole lot of people/organizations?  If
there are only 1000 legal wiretaps in a year, and they're already fairly
expensive, we can add a fair amount to the cost before it gets significant.
And again, remember where we're weighing money against freedom.  It may be that
we just have to spend more to stay a reasonably free society.  Also, it's worth
debating just how strong the protections have to be.  Will we need them to be
stronger than those against physical searches?  How few people does it take to
subvert the current protections against illegal searches?  Do we feel that
needs to be changed?  How much are we willing to spend on it?

@_date: 1994-07-21 21:35:56
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
I'm sorry, I guess my wording was too sloppy.  I mean the interpretation you
claim is correct.

@_date: 1994-07-22 07:50:28
@_author: 3 
@_subject: Re: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
The result is certainly broader.  Arguably too broad.  I was simply trying to
say that someone with the narrower motive of trying to implement warranted
searches in cyberspace might reach for key escrow as a solution.  Mainly for
lack of a narrower mechansim.
As I tried to say in paragraph (3), I don't think key escrow has to be
mandatory to have some value (whether it's enough to make it worthwhile is the
essence of the debate).  Nor do I think there's any point in outlawing
unbreakable cryptography --- your worst outlaws would use it anyway.  Also,
outlawing it would be more intrusive than required to implement warranted
searches --- aren't there some relationships (doctor/patient, lawyer/client,
priest/churchgoer) that the courts recognize as sacrosanct?  The only arguable
strategy, I think, would be for society to say "we're going to subsidize the
escrowed key infrastructure so that it will be enough cheaper and more
available that most criminals will opt for it for most usage" --- and rely on
the power of human stupidity to make it pay off.  This requires a comparison of
the cost of that public subsidy against the law enforcement payoff (and a
design for the distribution of who pays how much of that subsidy).  And depends
on being able to make a price and/or availability difference that's
significant.  And while Heinlein warns against underestimating the power of
human stupidity, I must say I wonder how long we could expect that most
criminals will remain insufficiently funded, educated, or motivated to avoid
using the escrowed key infrastructure for incriminating activities.  I'm not
sure how to evaluate any of these.

@_date: 1994-07-22 08:29:06
@_author: indirectly 
@_subject: Re: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
Eight pieces seems too few to me.  It's too easy for gov't agencies to "lean
on" eight individuals or organizations (someone else suggested "watchdog"
groups as fragment holding agencies, but that doesn't seem very good.  Groups
can change over time, respond to pressure.  Putting a lot of fragments in a few
hands seems fairly fundamentally flawed).  I'd rather see thousands.  That way,
if Richard Nixon II launched a secret intimidation campaign against a group of
enemies (e.g., the Democrats, or the Republicans, or the Libertarians, or the
ACLU, or Sierra Club, or people opposed to the Haitian operation, or ...) ---
well, it couldn't be secret, because a lot of people would have to know about
it.  This also requires that key fragment holders know what their fragments are
for (the current Capstone architecture associates keys with devices, not
people; whether that should be so is another discussion).  Of course, this also
diminishes the secrecy of the wiretap: if a wiretap is warranted on The
Godfather's office phone, what are the odds that someone the FBI doesn't know
is working (indirectly) for him will hold a fragment?  Maybe that's just a
price that has to be paid.
What incentive can be given to the fragment holders to get them to take strong
measures to protect the secrecy of those fragments?  Also, if a key is split
into N fragments, and there are k keys per capita (how many telephones do we
have today per capita?), each person needs to hold kN fragments (even more if
we restrict holders to, say, adult citizens).  Can we expect everybody to spend
what it takes to hold kN fragments securely?
I've also wondered about another way to protect against abuse.  There's been
some discussion on this list about cryptographically strong time locks: a way
to reveal something at a predetermined time in the future.  I didn't follow it
closely at the time, and don't know how feasible they are (in general, or for
this application).  But if they could be implemented, how about requiring the
fact of a wiretap to be published M months after it's started?  Again, I mean
in a cryptographically strong way: you couldn't get the key you need for the
wiretap without committing to revealing, M months hence, the fact that you've
done so.
I've also tried to pursue the analogy to current mechanisms with regard to
physical searches.  This analogy breaks down in a fairly important way:
physical searches generally reveal to the searchee the fact that they've taken
place; this means Nixon can't conduct a secret campaign against a group of
people --- they'd notice they're all subjects.  But a good feature of the
current system that *could* be carried over to cyberspace is that the physical
privacy of my house is under the jurisdiction of a local court --- and the
physical privacy of *your* house is under the jurisdiction of a *different*
court.  We don't have just a few "escrow agencies" that protect everybody; we
have lots of agencies, each of which protects a small fraction of us.  This
also works against being able to keep widespread abuse secret.

@_date: 1994-07-22 08:52:37
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
Is "the real world" a typo?  I suspect you mean something like "in cyberspace".
I'm not familiar with the line of reasoning you're referring to here.  I suspect
it's a large topic.  Does it rest on the assumption that cyberspace and the physical
world are largely disjoint?  I think they're not.  Activities in cyberspace often
"are about" or "have influence on" the real world.  Sometimes vice versa.
Doesn't this mean laws can't be divided into those about the physical world
vs. those about cyberspace, but must in fact be about both?

@_date: 1994-07-28 14:06:49
@_author: e.g., no LEAF field 
@_subject: Re: Questions about Microsoft and Software Key Escrow 
I don't see what "key escrow" is good for besides enabling wiretaps.  Am I
missing something here?
In any public-key system, even one without "key escrow", I know (or could
easily discover if I wanted to) my own private key.  Yes, I may want to make
some kind of "backup" arrangements for my key, to cover forgetfulness, death,
or whatever.  But that doesn't require anything in the communication/storage
formats (e.g., no LEAF field).  The managment of my private key is independent
of communication/storage of encrypted material.
"Key escrow", on the other hand, is about building into the
communication/storage formats a requirement that I use only keys that are
"escrowed".  I don't see what this adds, other than a requirement that my
communication/storage be interceptable with the cooperation of my "escrow

@_date: 1994-07-28 15:01:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Questions about Microsoft and Software Key Escrow 
I'm thinking here about software schemes; by "any public-key system" I mean any
where the encryption is done by software.

@_date: 1995-09-24 22:30:44
@_author: or secure directory branch 
@_subject: secure file system for Linux? 
Is there a secure file system (or secure directory branch) for Linux?

@_date: 1995-11-01 02:56:13
@_author: fd, F_GETFL, 0 
@_subject: Re: /dev/random for FreeBSD [was: Re: /dev/random for Linux] 
Blocking vs. non-blocking is a standard issue in design of U*X devices.
Standard solution: make it block by default, and accept an IOCTL to put it in
non-blocking mode.  There's even a POSIX way to do this:

@_date: 1995-11-01 04:59:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
Isn't this what the GSS-API is about?  Couldn't HTTP-NG just convey GSS
"tokens", and do something about getting both sides to agree on which GSS
"mechanism" is to be used, and on what Principals are involved?

@_date: 1995-10-09 22:53:45
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Fully Qualified Domain Name 
Was there a recent discussion here about how to write a piece of UNIX code that
discovers a Fully Qualified Domain Name of the machine running the code?  If
so, I'd appreciate pointers to or copies of the good parts (I scanned
 and didn't find what I'm
seeking).  If not, sorry for wasting your time.
