
@_date: 1994-08-13 02:41:19
@_author: Michael P. Brininstool 
@_subject: Re: Bug in PgP2.6??? 
In the 'shout to the world' Colin gave the fix.  It is easier to manually
apply the fix than to run the patch program.  It is unecessary anyway.

@_date: 1994-12-22 02:39:58
@_author: Michael P. Brininstool 
@_subject: Hash functions & Physical Analogies 
I seem to remember someone mentioning that a hash function, like the
one used in signatures in PGP, would show a large change for a small
change in the file, and a small change for a large change in the file.
I was digging through some of my old stuff last weekend with my kids
and found my old Rubik's Cube.  I set it aside until last night.
Here is the connection.  It was late, but I decided to try and figure
out some "move" sequences that would move small numbers of blocks on
the Rubik's cude, without changing the location or orientation of the
rest.  In doing this, I (re)noticed that simple "move" sequences resulted
in a large number of displacements (translation and/or rotation) of the
blocks in the cube.  And that very large sequences of "moves" had the
opposite effect (if it was the correct sequence).
This, in my sleep deprived state, brought hash functions to mind.  It
also brought several questions to mind.
First question:
Second question:
Third question:
Fourth question:

@_date: 1995-01-07 14:09:35
@_author: Michael P. Brininstool 
@_subject: Re: SAN FRANCISCO EDITORIAL 
Is anyone going to write rebuttals?  Would the SF Chronicle print them?  As
I read this, I only saw the following propaganda:
in Cyberspace, there is not much order. It is governed by no one.
... being left to the equivalent of mob rule.
the need for firm direction is all too obvious.
... unregulated broadcasting ..., sexual harassment, profanity, defamation,
forgery and fraud ... secretiveness is why abuse is easy.
problems are further exacerbated by Anonymous Server, which launders
computer messages, like money is laundered.
... difficulties in commercialization.
turf war rages between factions ...
attacks on business people ... vandalism, persist uncontrolled.
Worst of all are the ``canceller robots,'' ... the communications
the hackers wish to silence.
vigilantes routinely challenge free speech unabated ...
access providers, assume the role of censors, arbitrarily
closing accounts of those whom they disapprove.
one obvious way to bring much needed order, is through diplomacy.
The United States should lead in this.
... urge the Finnish government to deactivate the Anonymous Server.
establish a standard of recognizing laws existing at the point of
origin as controlling the message sender.
When conflicts arise, governmental diplomacy should again be the answer,
just as it is with other trade and communications issues.  Next, laws
already regulating behavior in the real world should be applied in
Cyberspace.  The Supreme Court should act ...  stating that crime is
crime, even when the criminal instrument is a computer keyboard.
legislation should be passed making access providers common carriers.
This will get them and under the guiding hand of the FCC ...
People need safety and order in Cyberspace just as they do in their homes
and on the streets.
The current state makes it clear that anarchy isn't working.
If governments don't bring order, chaos may soon dictate.
!  I wish I could write worth beans.  I have never
been publish in any newspaper, anywhere.  They never like my rebuttals.  I
guess I get too rabid when I write.

@_date: 1995-01-21 05:11:27
@_author: Michael P. Brininstool 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
I wouldn't mind hosting a remailer, but I am two UUCP hops off the net.
Does someone want to give me a San Jose area UUCP account directly to an
internet system?  An MX record holder would be nice.  My current domain
master is in Dallas, so mail to my machine actually goes through 4 UUCP
hops before it gets to me.  I want to get my own domain and get closer to
the net.

@_date: 1995-01-26 23:31:22
@_author: Michael P. Brininstool 
@_subject: Re: Even more unix holy war. Was "Clinton freezes U.S. assets .." 
May I ask why you even bother re-booting?  I never re-boot my machine
unless there is a problem.  I can go for MONTHS without re-booting.  I
have never used a DOS/Windows machine that could go more than a few
days without having to be re-booted.
My machine, if gracefully shutdown, boots in about 2 minutes.  DOS, I
think, would take about 30 seconds.  About 25 seconds of both of those
is POST (Power On Self-Test).

@_date: 1995-01-29 15:31:48
@_author: Michael P. Brininstool 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Specs 
Cypherpunk Type I?  Ok, what are the other types?  Should there be a
type specification like there is for RAID, or the Body Armor Threat
I would like to try my hand at writing a remailer, but I would like to
see standards, and level/type specifications.
E.g. The body armor threat levels are I - VI
VI is able to physically stop a 50 BMG round, i.e. prevent
penetration.  The wearer of the armor would likely die from the shock,
but would not be penetrated.  Level II includes all the abilites of
level I and then some, III = II + some more, etc until VI which is
all of the abilities in body armor.
I believe that RAID levels are 1-5, and I seem to remember that it is
graduated like the body armor threat levels, so that 2=1 + some stuff,
4=3 + some stuff, etc.
Should we come up with a similar type of graduated system, and specs
for each, with some kind of negotiation between remailers, so that they
can determine what levels to use to communicate with various
Then we could talk in terms of type 6, for example, having all the
abilities of levels 1-5 and then some.

@_date: 1995-02-04 15:42:16
@_author: Michael P. Brininstool 
@_subject: Re: Forward: Teleco/Cabe REg. & Free speech 
I have to agree.  When I first moved to Austin Texas, the rates for
cable were not too bad, we were in an area that had a choice between
two cable companies.  After a couple years, a third company, a wireless
company came into town.  I then moved to Plano Texas, outside of
Dallas, and was absolutely SHOCKED at the cable prices.  Of course, in
Plano, there was ONE cable company, and all the channels except
broadcast channels were scrambled, so you HAD to get the cable box.  In
Austin, I could use the VCR tuner.  The only scrambled channels were
the premium channels.  The service in Austin was better and about 2/3
the cost.  I definately feel that competition is a MUST!
