
@_date: 1998-09-11 13:57:27
@_author: Martin Minow 
@_subject: Re: U.S. House only has a T-1 
What I heard on the radio this morning was that the house
will press CD's that will be distributed to mirror servers
(presumably the major Internet news providers.)
Now, the real interesting question: will the files be
Martin Minow

@_date: 1998-10-15 09:15:48
@_author: Martin Minow 
@_subject: Re: ATTN: BlackNet, sog's keys 4 sale 
Adam Back  notes that the "Toto death thread"
posting was signed using the "son of Gomer" Blacknet key that
was broken by Paul Leyland (read through the past few days of the
archives to get the context).
Adam notes: "Implications?  Others had CJs keys?  Toto is someone
other than CJ?"
One other implication to consider: you might be able to attain
semi-deniability by siging a message with a key that is breakable
by an adversity with govermental resources (to use an euphamism)
but not by an ordinary, presumably less motivated, cracker.
I.e., when "they" arrest you for "speaking truth to kings," your
lawyer claims that, because the signing key was weak, the
government had forged the message and key in order to attack
you for your otherwise legal political views.
Of course, I'm probably just being paranoid.
Martin Minow

@_date: 1998-10-15 02:28:36
@_author: Martin Minow 
@_subject: Re: more Toto keys... so what's it all mean 
Adam Back  summarizes the Toto-files by noting
This suggests that a cynical, paranoid, person could create a
"deniable" signature key by doing what "Toto" did:
1. Choosing a key length that a "very competent attacker" (i.e.
   a TLA), and only a "very competent attacker", could factor.
2. Signing a message and leaving the public key that signed
   that message on a public site.
Now, when you are accused of signing a message, you can raise
a "reasonable doubt" defence by claiming that the TLA may have
reconstructed the private key that signed the message in question.
Martin Minow

@_date: 1998-10-27 05:38:24
@_author: Martin Minow 
@_subject: Re: Java applet security, exportability, Jon Postel haiku 
A few Java comments on David Conrad's  questions:
Java 1.1 lets you attach event handlers to every user-interaction
class. For example, you can watch mouse movement, mouse entry
and exit into your components, and character entry in all text fields.
You might try adding handlers and capturing mouse position and
the system clock. Each event, by itself, won't give you much
entropy (and, of course, they are highly correlated event-to-event),
but you should be able to get a bit or two from each event.
Java 1.1 is real, and support is becoming available on all platforms.
The lack of a printing API in Java 1.0 was probably a good thing:
printing is hard to get right, especially in a cross-platform environment,
and waiting for a more mature AWT will avoid compatibility issues.
Since your customers use a browser, why not display the data and
have the browser handle the printing?
Martin Minow

@_date: 1998-11-24 02:39:43
@_author: Martin Minow 
@_subject: Re: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
Frank O'Dwyer  opines:
 describes how the inventors
of Unix inserted a backdoor into the Unix login program. It's well
worth reading. However, there is no indication that this trojan
horse ever shipped to customers.
I doubt it.
Martin Minow

@_date: 1998-11-24 14:40:24
@_author: Martin Minow 
@_subject: Re: Is Open Source safe? [Linux Weekly News] 
You're missing the point that Thompson and Ritchie made in
"Reflections on Trusting Trust." To summarize:
1. They added a Trojan Horse function to the login sources.
2. They added code to the C compiler that recognized the
   login source code and inserted the Trojan Horse function,
   then they erased it from the login sources.
3. They added code to the C compiler that recognized the
   C compiler sources and added the code noted in step 2 above.
4. They then erased the source from the C compiler.
1. If you recompile login using a distributed C compiler, the
   Trojan Horse will be added to the executable, but will not
   be visible in the source.
2. If you recompile the C compiler using an existing C compiler,
   it will add the Trojan Horse insertion function, but this,
   too, will not be visible in the C sources.
I might have missed a step or two here, but you probably get
the picture. The only way to detect the Trojan Horse is to
read the executables. In the actual case, if I remember
correctly, Ken and Dennis didn't try to conceal all their
tracks, so the Trojan Horse was visible in the global symbol
(nm) listing.
of safety-critical computer-controlled hardware who read the
assembly language output by the compiler to validate the actual
machine instructions that were generated.
Martin Minow
