
@_date: 1997-10-13 23:02:33
@_author: "Tony Mione" 
@_subject: Re: IETF policy on refusing to allow politics to weaken protocols (Re: Why Adam Back keeps politicizing technical issues) 
new technology. In any standards org worth thier weight in salt, the group will
look at existing implementations (not trial implementations but ones that have
been in use for some time). This is called 'Prior Art'. Without prior art, it
is not easy to determine which features or schemes work and which do not.
about the only prior art available for this technology. In addition, business
needs will not stand still waiting for a standard to come out in 1-2 years.
This creates a somewhat dangerous situation as Adam has pointed out (Note: I am
NOT PGP-Inc.-bashing. This is merely an outcome of what happens when a vendor
tries to take their technology and 'open' it up).
to the internet-drafts currently being produced by the group. I know they have
tried to wrestle with all of the issues. I just think we need some more
'experiential' evidence that it is the correct solution. In general, standards
only describe the 'bare-minimum' that an implementation must do to be
'compliant'. There is nothing wrong with leaving certain bells-and-whistles out
of the first pass at a standard. Vendors are always free to add proprietary
features to thier product. That is where the market competition comes in. PGP
Inc. implements thier CMR feature on top of the OpenPGP standard. Another
company attacks the problem a different way and adds a different 'extension'.
In about 5 years, a new standards group updates the 'OpenPGP' standard, argues
over the different schemes and adopts the one with the best technical merit.
implementations (based on available documents of 2.6 or 5.0 formats) and add in
alternative mechanisms to do the same function (as per Adam's discussion of the
3-key system : signature, transit-encryption, and storage). To others in this
group, I would say keep it simple...especially on a first pass at a standard.
group develops a standard that is huge and nearly unimplementable. Another
group comes along and says "We can do it simpler than that". They start
designing and writing documents, run into the same issues the first group did
and eventually start solving them the same way leading to another large
unimplementable standard. Witness: X509 -> PKIX -> SPKI -> OpenPGP. OpenPGP was
supposed to be different because it had a large established user base. Then,
all of a sudden, everyone is arguing over the same issues as the first three
groups...global naming problems, certificate flexibility, key recovery, policy
Tony Mione, RUCS/NS, Rutgers University, Hill 055, Piscataway,NJ - 732-445-0650
mione                 W3: PGP Fingerprint : E2 25 2C CD 28 73 3C 5B  0B 91 8A 4E 22 BA FA 9F
Editorial Advisor for Digital Systems Report   ***** Important: John 17:3 *****
