
@_date: 1995-12-07 20:32:18
@_author: Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: Oh Yeah?  ipsecure 
For Immediate Release
Contact:  National Semiconductor
          Lori Sinton (408) 721-2448
          lori
          CryptoSampler, from National Semiconductor, Demonstrates Ease of
     Building Secure Electronic Commerce and Communications
                          Applications
   Company's iPower(tm) Business Unit Launches Free CryptoSolver
                   to Inaugurate New Web Site
SANTA CLARA, Calif., November 27, 1995 --- National Semiconductor
Corporation today announced the availability of its CryptoSampler
package for applications developers interested in gaining a "hands on"
understanding of how cryptography solves modern business problems.
Developed by National's iPower Business Unit, the program consists of
three demonstration applications and the PersonaCard(tm) 100, a
hardware token for personal, portable data security.
     The package contains both the demonstration applications
including  "build-it- yourself" tools to integrate security easily
into electronic commerce and communications applications. Priced at
$129, the CryptoSampler package is available to the first 1,000 U. S.
respondents and can be ordered directly from National's iPower
Business Unit.
     In a related move, the company's iPower Business Unit launched
its own web site along with CryptoSolver, an interactive game that
invites participants to solve encrypted messages based on the concepts
of substitution ciphers and the alphabetic frequency table.
CryptoSolver, a technology-teaser game rates players' deciphering
skills and can be downloaded from iPower's new web site free.
"As networks become the lifeblood of corporations and the principal
means of commerce, securing electronic transactions and proprietary
information over public and private networks is absolutely critical,"
said Tom Rowley, marketing director for National's iPower Business
Unit. "Through this program, we hope to help broaden individual's
understanding of how modern security technology can solve real
problems on the Internet and in Electronic Commerce business
applications," Rowley explained.
CryptoSampler Package - Token Plus Three Applications in One
     The CryptoSampler package is available with or without a PC Card
Reader. For those who plan to run CryptoSampler applications on a
desktop or portable personal computer already equipped with a PC Card
slot, the basic package is offered at a special price of $129
(including handling and shipping). A CryptoSampler package with PC
Card reader is available for $199. The total retail value of the basic
package and configuration with card reader is $300 and $500,
     To order  the CryptoSampler package in either configuration, call
1-800-272-9959 Ext# 631 between the hours of 7 AM and 7 PM Central
Standard Time.  To play CryptoSolver and for more information about
the CryptoSampler program, see the iPower web site at
  .
iPower Security Solutions
     Introduced a year ago, iPower technology provides the
highest-level of commercially available security in a personal,
portable hardware token. iPower solutions are already being
incorporated by OEMs, ISVs, and VARs into a variety of applications
and hardware platforms including e-mail and messaging, electronic
commerce, network security, and secure access to on-line services
including the Internet.
National Semiconductor Corporation provides technologies for moving
and shaping information. The company focuses on four key areas -
communications, consumer, industrial, and personal systems. National
Semiconductor is headquartered in Santa Clara, California, and has
22,300 employees worldwide.
                              -30-
Note to Editors: To receive a CryptoSampler package for review, call
or e-mail Lori Sinton, 408 721-2448 or sampler
iPower and PersonaCard are trademarks of National Semiconductor
Corporation. All other trademarks are held by their respective

@_date: 1996-04-19 14:57:03
@_author: Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: Re: "STOP SENDING ME THIS SHIT" 
But...  will it have any traffic?  How will people know they are on
the list if they ignore the original subscription confirmation?

@_date: 1996-05-03 19:50:04
@_author: Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
No, probably done intentionally.  Note the lower-case snow...

@_date: 1996-05-12 12:22:41
@_author: Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: Re: Why I Pay Too Much in Taxes 
You just don't get it, do you. The offshore payment is for licensing
(or computer operations, consulting advice, buying worthless software,
investment in penny stocks, use your imagination...) It has NOTHING
to do with Mr.May. Those payments are something that the (drunk) CEO
decided on and he is completely responsible for it. Why he ordered
all those expensive services before he left on permanent vacation is
anybody's guess.
The beneficiary is a trustee that doesn't ask too many questions.
There are plenty of those available.
"Laws are for people who can't think for themselves."
A little of both, to confuse the enemy.
Nothing altered. I just didn't explain it in too much detail before.
There are still details left out (like how to find a cooperative CEO,
offshore bank and trustee). This is an extremely cheep setup. For most
high bracket wage earners it could break even in the first month or two.
Once the structure is in place it doesn't cost any more. To stop paying
taxes completely you would need to lower your taxable profile slowly.
If you already have enough money in the bank for your living style, you
could take out a significantly smaller salary. If the tax man asks what
happened to your high income, you explain that you lost your old job and
had to accept a less attractive offer. That can happen to anybody.
The problem with selling services like this is that any buyer with half
a brain worries that it is a sting operation. Therefore the customers
are mostly friends and acquaintances.
I agree completely. This is not an advertisement, just a chat on the
theory of tax planning in the modern day of worldwide strong encryption.
Today it is easier to communicate with an offshore trustee than it has
ever been before. Just keep your pass phrase away from the tax man and
you'll be fine.

@_date: 1996-05-31 16:35:39
@_author: Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: Do you know what to do with this? 
well, someone stuffed this in my mailbox, with a note asking that I "delete my email address and send it to the world."
im not sure what to make of it but maybe someone here will better know what do do with it.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
[headers snipped]
delete my email addresses and send it to the world.
these are the people who i suspect of terrorism related activities.
the country they are residing in is pakistan.
the address are
1-)12 ,a,b,c chinar roadu.town not marked no no no name.
2-) 6chinar road,utown peshawar,next to former prov minister ghani dad
khan's house not marked, nothing written on the gate no no,no name.
3-)32b actually 12e or 14 chinar road university town peshawar. marked as 32b
4-)11 chinar road university town peshawar
5-)18 or 20chinar road university town peshawar not marked.no no.
the cars are
1_)prk 9325 or 9327,a sudanese doctor ali working for the islamic relief agency
mental hospital chinar road university town peshawar.
2-) a silver pajero prn or prh 6973 or 6874
4-)a white toyota landcruiser prl 8470
5-) a white pajero ningrahar(afghan) 63or ngr 133, a white  girl it has the no ngr134 on it.
6-a white pajero prp 2364
5-)a cream coloured suzuki jeep prm 6872
 the cars that used to come to their house during the xmas break or
 on sundays when the american diplomats went to isb and they took them out
 the year was 1993-94
 1-a red american jeep cc64-138
 2-a blue old senator cc64-47 another blue senator ad 64-47
 3- a white toyota land cruiser pro or prp 3305.
 4- agrey american jeep prp 1228
 5- a toyota pickup pro1269 or pro1260
 6- ablue pajero prl 2667
 7- a rust coloured corona prn 2147
 8-) a white pajero ad44-104.
 9-)the other cars that come are cc29-??? and cc-19
 they people who come to these houses are sudanese, one phillipino   some afghans or arabs it is difficult to tell.
  and a lot of white people, who mostly ride on pakistani made sohrab  or toyota pickups,probably muslim converteees.
 the cc64-138 jeep used to be driven by a pakistani looking guy ,dark  spectacles. the other pakistani nos they kept on changing ,so iam not sure
 if these are the correct nos
 10-  awhite nissan patrol x68-2199.
11-PRP 1228 grey american jeep
just look for the addresses,most of the car nos are from the year 1993
so they might have changed them since.most of these people belong to
the islamic relief agency.

@_date: 1996-06-12 23:26:01
@_author: Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: Correction to "Hackerpunks and C2" 
There was a minor error in my earlier post. If someone were to notice a
node on the internet receiving a bag with L(In)=L(Posted) *before* any
other nodes on the internet, then one could guess that node had a user who
was the owner of Hackerpunks.

@_date: 1996-06-13 01:00:07
@_author: Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: Hackerpunks and C2 
There was a minor error in my earlier post. If someone were to notice a
node on the internet receiving a bag with L(In)=L(Posted) *before* any
other nodes on the internet, then one could guess that node had a user who
was the owner of Hackerpunks.

@_date: 1996-06-15 11:19:18
@_author: Ecafe Mixmaster Remailer 
@_subject: Hackerpunks and C2 
[ Although this post deals, for concreteness, with a specific mailing list,
I hope that cypherpunks will appreciate how the problem alluded to points
out a weakness in C2's current nym scheme, which is especially exploitable
in the context of general nym based mailing lists being run via similar
servers. ] The proposal for a Hackerpunks nym based mailing list is interesting,
however, there are some concerns regarding the susceptibility of the list
to traffic analysis.
The contents of the list will clearly not be secret since anyone can create
a C2 nym and then subscribe. For a given bag of messages, B, let L(B)
denote the bag of the lengths of the messages in B. (A length, x, appearing
n times in L(B) if and only if there are n messages of length x in B.) Let
B_x denote the bag of messages that subscriber x receives. If for any two
subscribers, a and b, L(B_a)=L(B_b), then someone cooperating with many
ISPs could easily guess who was and was not subscribed to the list by
seeing if a customer received a bag of messages, M, with L(M)=L(the bag of
messages actually posted to the list). A solution to this might seem to be
to append to each message posted to the list a pad varying randomly in
length between each subscriber who was to receive a copy.  However, if the
list ownership ever feel into evil hands, the lengths of the pads could be
chosen non-randomly, and thus provide very convincing evidence that someone
receiving messages of the non-randomly chosen lengths was the owner of the
given nym.
There is also a concern that the owner of Hackerpunks could be discovered
with a traffic analysis similar to the one used to determine list
subscribers. This time, let P be the bag of messages (with padding deleted)
posted to the list. If someone were to watch to see if some node on the
Internet received a bag, I, with L(I)=L(P), then that person could guess
that that node had a user who was the owner of the Hackerpunks mailing
list. As before it would, of course, not help the owner of Hackerpunks to
ask their subscribers to help weaken this attack by padding their messages
to random lengths, since a malicious enemy could then determine a
non-random sequence of messages lengths and send the corresponding message
to owner of Hackerpunks for posting. This would only increase the
likelihood that a node receiving those messages had a user who was the
owner of the Hackerpunks mailing list. The solution to the two dilemmas seems to be to ask that the C2 re-mailing
code be modified so as ensure that each messages is padded to a fixed size
before encrypting and being sent through the reply block. On the other
hand, this would give away information that anyone receiving messages of
this fixed length was likely the owner of some C2 nym.
