
@_date: 1996-10-24 20:58:53
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Stopping the buying of candidates 
Yes Jim, your sparkling wit and incredibly convincing argument has made me run for cover.  Remind everyone what your "solution" is again.  In case everyone hasn't already *PLONK*ed you.
Matthew J. Miszewski |The information revolution has changed wealth: intellectual capital is now far more important mjmiski   |than money.		-Walter Wriston
                         ----------------------------==============++++

@_date: 1996-10-25 12:53:39
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Secure Ware (HannaH) 
I am looking for any critical information on a security product named "HannaH" from a company called Secure Ware.  If there is none and the product is worthwhile, then, great.  But I need to know if it is smoke and mirrors from an independant source.
Thanks in Advance.

@_date: 1996-10-25 14:57:16
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Stopping the buying of candidates 
I apologize to the list for this last post by Murder, Inc.  My last piece of mail was sent privately to Mr. Bell.  He apparently thinks it proper to quote private mail in public.  Whatever.
What exactly are your credentials.  Your reputation, of course, precedes you.  Given that I should have stopped this idiocy a long time ago.
Explain, please, how you would budget in this situation.  Oh, I forgot, when the world realizes that Jim is right, everyone will learn to live their lives like Jim.
see above.
Hmmm.  How long have you been on the list?  What is it I don't understand, specifically.  And in private e-mail.
Explain to me how many campaigns you have run.  Explain to me at least a paper you have written (I dont particularly care if you do or dont have a degree, my opinions are based upon your ability to assert and defend a thesis).   How many people support your ideas?  The revolt must be stealth.  Yeah, that's it.
You are right, they do.   In your world, there must be only two solutions.  Jim's way or the current way.  Or better yet, just spout What is your alternative, Jim.  Oh yeah, kill all the politicians.  Look to the archives folks.  **PLONK**
Jim, how many politicians do you have regular contact with.  There were CongressCritters at my wedding, but you know what?  If I told them I just made $10,000 donation to their campaign they would not believe me.  You know what else?  You couldn't get close.  Every office on the hill knows of the resident nuts.  Its the essence of a killfile, nuts are handed off to the intern.  The players are known.  I don't particularly care if you believe me.  Again what is your If he has already raised 100's of thousands of dollars before, he would have no need to deal with you at all.  Especially since, I assume from your prior statements that you would get rid of contribution limits.
Corporate donations?  Look it up.  Yep, they do.  And after you blind the donations, the access will continue to be bought.  Politicians can use laws of probability to figure out who has, will and will in the future donate.  They can also eliminate a whole bunch of folks.
How many lobbyists do you know Jim?  Did you protest the COS crap?  Well shit Jim, I dont care about the content.  Nevermind.
Hmm.  Blame and workability.  What is the connection.  Maybe we can all take up a collection so that Jim can go to logic class.
I thought we couldnt complain to the Governement?  Jeez. Jim, your confusing me.  God I must be dumb.  Or maybe you are really writing in a style that can easily be decrypted to mean something else.  Yeah, Jim, that's it.
Blame, workability, its like trying to teach a student with no brain.
How many times do I have to explain probability to you?  Jesus, look it up.  See above.  Oh yeah, uh, Jim, you can use that nifty scroll button,
Probability.  Anyone want to send him a Statistics Textbook?
Oh, Im sorry.  You must be planning on taking over the world.  Oh yeah, I heard all of your friends jumping to your support.  All of the political ties you made with all of your experience are jumping to your aid.  I hear only one solitary sound.  ***PLONK***
Matthew J. Miszewski |The information revolution has changed wealth: intellectual capital is now far more important mjmiski   |than money.		-Walter Wriston
                         ----------------------------==============++++

@_date: 1996-10-28 20:09:07
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Lawyers, companies to create Internet legal group 
This is a great example of why we need organized people like Greg to help express an alternative viewpoint.  As Greg and myself, and the other lawyers on this list know, there are often multiple sides to any legal argument.  To have this be the only voice regarding Law and the Net would be a bad idea.
I do favor its general intent - to take the formation of policy out of the legislative venue.  I do not think the major interests listed will have my interests at heart.  Mom and Pop ISPs, Web Consultants, the HTML Guild, the ideas of GPL may not even be in the consciousness of some of the larger organizations (I remain to keep my hope out for I would like to propose a professional response to this organization in the form of a Law Review type of organization.  I know there are enough lawyers on the list to set this into motion.  I would like to know what kind of interest there would be before I put the great deal of effort it would take into such a project.
Let me know.

@_date: 1996-10-23 08:58:25
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Stopping the buying of candidates 
Sorry, but this would depend upon equal access to a number of things. Primarily, John Q. Public does not have sufficient real world access to politicians to assert that he is the one who donated.  Lobbyists, OTOH, most certainly do.  Secondly, access to the timing of donations is something only the donor can know.  "Wink, wink.  Nudge, nudge, Senator.  Look at your account balance tomorrow.  Never forget the National Association of Manufacturers was there for you"  (Obviously a completely random selection 8-)
See above for why the connection is not.  And the problem is generally not money, but rather the delivery of votes.  A candidate will do whatever it takes to get elected.  Often this means $$$ for campaign expenses.  More often it means vote delivery.  Get rid of the career politician and you get rid of the motivation behind the pursuit of political money and vote delivery.  I hate to actually advocate term limits, but a critical vote in Congress is much harder to control when the rep is only interested in serving the public because there is no chance of re-election.  After all, it is not donations that are the evil here, it is the control of gov't action, right?  (Much of this could all be solved by electing better people as our representatives.  Determined will can make a big Matthew J. Miszewski |The information revolution has changed wealth: intellectual capital is now far more important mjmiski   |than money.		-Walter Wriston
                         ----------------------------==============++++

@_date: 1996-10-24 09:33:13
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Stopping the buying of candidates 
Politicians need money to pay bills.  If you are cutting off all prediction of money appearing (which is impossible unless you get rid of all special interests) no campaign can ever have the ability to plan.  This is a major part of all campaigns.  Resistance to this will be high (not that this wasnt expected.)
Why don't you run for office.  I did.  Reality, after all, is far better than theory.
Every candidate ever endorsed by the Firefighters Union in my town have been absolutely elected.  Looking at the firefighters voting records and matching with their addresses shows a distinct pattern of voting in almost every election.  They have sufficient numbers to win every time.
Power currupts.  Not size of governement.  I agree we need to shrink our gov't a whole lot.  I believe whole heartedly in the Constitution.  I advocate the entire Bill of Rights.  I also support meaningful campaign finance reform.  But ya know what?  I lost.
Change doesn't depend on changing finance laws.  Much as in nature, these people will always find a way around it.  It depends on helping people empower themselves.  Making them know their vote DOES count.  People who want real reform should fight actively for it.
Matt Matthew J. Miszewski |The information revolution has changed wealth: intellectual capital is now far more important mjmiski   |than money.		-Walter Wriston
                         ----------------------------==============++++

@_date: 1996-10-24 11:40:51
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Stopping the buying of candidates 
This is my last reply.  I guess I forgot your overarching theory. Reality, nah.
It's not a long shot.  When Bob the Big Bad Lobbyist comes into the Senator's office and leads him to believe a donation will be made and magically a sizeable one does, it can be reasonable infered from whence it came.  In the real world, politicians have access to the names and addresses of people who regularly donate to political campaigns.  Trust me, the probability of others, i.e. regular working people, donating to campaigns is zero to none.  There is a finite pool of political campaign money out there.
My fault.  I forget whom I was replying to.  Of course my reply above was in response to your question about developing a "working" system. Have fun in your politicianless world (with no physical infrastructure, information infrastructure, national defense, etc.)  I would much rather leave it to the market.  There is, of course, no corruption there. (WINK) I, unlike some people, live in the real world.  It is trivial for political groups to put together listings of public employee addresses, their VOTING records (meaning whether they voted or not, check with your city hall...hmmm...go figure, they keep track of that) and public expressions of support (i.e. lawn signs, letters to the editor, rally attendance).  Compile this info and you have a pretty good handle on who voted for whom (Yes I know it cant show absolutely that someone voted a certain way, but most of campaigning is simple probability.  I dont have the time to explain this in detail, look it up if you are really interested).
What you are not getting is that, in this case, the public employees are the edge that causes the win.  We have had some close races, the winning margin is clearly less than the number of voting public employees.  You don't need to control all the votes.  Only the sure number that you can "deliver", the need for which can be discerned fairly easily (using those nasty historical voting records).
This came from a discussion of vote delivery.  X has a block Y that will vote for Z (the endorsed candidate) every time.  If victory margin is less than Y, X's delivery controls the race.
Unproven.  Apparently you don't believe that some monarchies, which can be extremely small governments, have been some of the most corrupt in history.  As I stated above, power corrupts.  It is an easy way out of arguments for libertarians and most republicans to say that big government is the root of all evil.  Quite simply put, it is people that are the arbiters of their free will.  People are the root. Matt Matthew J. Miszewski |The information revolution has changed wealth: intellectual capital is now far more important mjmiski   |than money.		-Walter Wriston
                         ----------------------------==============++++

@_date: 1996-10-31 19:10:42
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Looking for post on possible Law Articles 
Sorry to take up bandwidth, but I swore I saw a post from someone outlining (for what seemed to be a class) a series of legal questions regarding the net.  I was almost positive it came across my cypherpunks folder.
If anyone remembers this, or better yet still has the post, could you send it or a pointer my way?  Thanks in advance.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-11-05 08:09:35
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Copyright violations 
(major snip)
This is the first step towards repudiation of real electronic cash.  I am not in favor of "forcing" companies to act (BTW, they are not forced to do anything, they can choose not to accept Visa), but if Visa will go to bat to support their debit cards, they may be willing to support ecash the same way.
Matt -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-11-07 10:43:15
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: FW: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more [RANT] (fw 
First of all I support John's decision.
However, these types of actions make it difficult to further any common carrier legal development.  As most on the list will agree, we would like certain content freedom on the Net.  When the SPA discussed thier contributory infringement we all cringed (especially those running small ISPs).
My point is that this decision should be based upon anything but content.  Arguments can be made that the Dr. "asked" to be removed by techincal means.  Arguments can be made that the Doctor abused remailers (assuming a writing analysis can identify him and that "abused" has any definition 8-).  Saying that the Doctor was decreasing the S/N ratio IS content based restriction.  It DOES open up the door.
While I wish he was wrong, I have to agree.
That is not completely true in the USA.  Content can and is restrained.  You cant yell "FIRE" in a crowded theatre.  Commercial speech is restrained.  And, yes, sexually explicit language used on a jobsite is effectively restrained (I am a discrimination lawyer, believe me, it is).
All of the "advertisements" and their "extent" are totally irrelevant.  John does not advertise.  Members might.  So what?  Am I to understand that if I get enough people to tell others that my favorite privately held company is really a public one that I can then have a court force them to make an IPO?  It is private, it is controlled by John, not the government (unless that white van outside his house is actually filtering his packets 8-).
Very happy to volunteer my services.
Matt -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-11-08 08:36:19
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Return address forgery [was Judge Kozinski...] 
Thank you for doing this.  I went to Law School to bring a viewpoint to the bench that was never there.  I do so whenever I can.  What you are doing is a very important part of moving this country forward.  I understand the people who [RANT] about the problems we face, but when people like you hold a civil discourse with officials we overcome the label of extremists.
Once again, thank you for all you are doing.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-11-09 16:48:47
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: RICO - (Was: Group order for Secret Power) 
If it seems this easy to you, please draft the pleadings.  I would strongly suggest at least a basic civil procedure book.  Non-specific pleadings?  That couldn't be a problem.
And upon Peter's recommendation, thank you Jim for doing this brave service for the cpunks cause.  "Canary in a coal mine, going on down, down..."
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-11-20 10:02:13
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks State of Emergency 
I have to agree.  One of the most impressive things I have seen as a modern "movement" (yes I realize cpunks are not an organized movement, relax) was the massive public relations job done by several core cpunks around the 1993 Clipper proposal.  People with largely divergent opinions found public ground in their opposition to Clipper.  Lets do that again.
One thing that will help is spreading the use of filtering.  Those interested in learning how to filter should be able to ask any of us and we should all respond ASAP.  The Noise is horrible in here, but I only hear it in my trash folder.
[BTW, Tim, thanks for being willing to withstand the crap you go through.  You, and others on this list, have consistantly challenged and changed my assumptions about society, law and privacy.  I dont always agree with you.  But I am glad you are here.]
Matt Miszewski

@_date: 1996-11-21 07:40:12
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Anderson & Kuhn's "Improved DFA" paper 
I agree. There are many people on the list with contacts with the media (or ARE the media :).  There was a time that I would suggest posting all of our media lists to cypherpunks but, unfortunately, I fear that would no longer be productive.  So...
I suggest everyone fire up their fax modems and send out to all of the contacts we each have personally.  Even local papers can be important in this action.  Make sure your local ISPs understand the issues (and maybe even release it in a newsletter or daily email.
(Intro snipped)

@_date: 1996-11-25 14:28:28
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Smart card attacks vs. clipper? 
Actually, in a more recent attack to be published at USENIX (if i remember correctly) the attack being performed can also be utilized to help determine unknown algorithms.  I will try to dig up the reference (unless someone gets to it first).

@_date: 1996-11-26 10:13:40
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: market for hardware RNG? 
While your potential market is small, it is dedicated.  Developers of crypto products are always looking for good random sources.  People that really NEED more reliable sources of random bits are willing to pay for them.  I dont think your market will be end users.  But a little market research should turn up a healthy margin for you.
Why would you hash good RNG output?  I understand your desire to deter hardware only attacks.  I just think it might be an overreaction.  Of course mine could be an under-reaction 8-)
It would have to go through rigorous testing in the crypto community.  RNGs v. PRNGs goes through a yearly debate here on cpunks.  There have been some good discussions on the use of white noise and other potential hardware sources.  Im not sure if hks is back up or not, but you might look there.
If an independant entity could certify the product with a good reputation for dedication to the community, you would get much milage.  PGP, Inc. might be interested for instance.  I mean I have used PGP for years but have not had the time to go through the code, etc.  I trust it because Phil's reputation precedes him.
Go for it Jim.  I would be happy to support you in any way I could.  Let me know.  It sounds like a good idea.
Matthew J. Miszewski                 |               Practice Crypto Civil Disobedience   |  Export your favorite Cryptosystem

@_date: 1996-11-26 14:25:44
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Bounty Server, Revisited. 
Ian and Snow,
I think it would be extremely valuable to have the ability to "offer" and to "bid".  If Joe Student has much spare time and wants to develop a tool for themselves they should also have the option to "offer" it to the bounty server.  If any one is interested, offers could be made.
Good luck to you both.  This sounds like it is coming along.
Matthew J. Miszewski                 |               Practice Crypto Civil Disobedience   |  Export your favorite Cryptosystem

@_date: 1996-11-27 15:02:28
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: PO-2 Brain wave meters. 
Have not heard of them.  Doubt they exist in any end-user, commercial product.  Take it from someone who has gone through fun Electro-encephelagrams (EEG) before.  You don't want to.
Matt Matthew J. Miszewski                 |               Practice Crypto Civil Disobedience   |  Export your favorite Cryptosystem

@_date: 1996-12-03 08:51:48
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Most "digital cash" does not deserve the name 
While the libertarians on the list have affected my way of looking at
regulation I, and others, do not subscribe (suscribe ;)) to Tim's absolute
theory.  Unless, of course, by free society Tim is refering to one where
corporations hold themselves to a level of "personal" responsibility, which
in many realms is part of any definition of "free".
Take, for example, the practice of redlining.  How are people who live in
"bad" neighborhoods supposed to not reveal that information.  Has anyone
tried to get a loan or a reasonable insurance rate without disclosing your
address?  Like I said, if insurance companies exercised some
"responsibility" as opposed to inaccurate assesments based on residence,
then this problem would not exist.  In the real world one can not avoid all
collection of data to be used in Bad(TM) ways.  Media attention doesn't work.  Bad Business practices dont matter to most.
But those in need here should not have the luxury of appealing to their
elected officials?
Matthew J. Miszewski

@_date: 1996-12-03 20:20:11
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: 
I consider it my business also, when people are denied opportunity because
of where they live.  I may also hire whomever I wish, but I would have to
pay the consequences if I happened to discriminate based on a protected
class while doing so.  That is the society in which I live.  If I dont like
it, I try to change it.  Our society is not libertarian.  If I would prefer
that form of society I would have to accept that result.  Therefore I
choose a balance between liberty and social justice.  There are times when
government should intervene.  I believe it should be as infrequent as
possible, but would not want to live in a society where disinfranchised
people have no possible recourse.  Your choice would apparently be different.
I have not heard serious doubts for a while that redlining occurs.  But
then again we are on the net.  I would love to have the financial
wherewithal to startup such an enterprise.  Unfortuantely I reside in one
such neighborhood.  It is difficult enough to raise money to run a small
business (and turned out to be much easier to do without any bank lending
at all).  I have talked with people about starting their own banks.  When
you are working to make sure all the bills are paid it is a bit difficult
to also build an entirely new socio-economic structure.  Actually I was stating the opposite.  You do not need to do so.  You just
wont get the money if you dont.
Whom would the service be more readily available to?  Who uses tax-havens?
Who has access to swiss bank accounts?  Are you insinuating that my local
bank actually has anonymous accounts and just won't tell me?  I wish that
people DID value anonymous banking in this country.  The fact is they just
don't care.  As long as they get short lines or myriads of ATM machines
they are happy.  I am largely in favor of banking deregulation.  There are
places where I simply draw the line.  Utter racism is one of them.
Everyone can now clamor that it just isnt true.  Banks have never
discriminated.  Its all a big lie.  Whatever.
You are right.  It is far from a perfect system.  We make trade-offs every
day.   The real world I live in is just not as simple as the Libertarian
Wet Dream(TM).

@_date: 1996-12-03 20:40:00
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Anyone considered adding crypto into Microsoft Outlook? 
extensible >API allowing ready access to the email "hooks" necessary. The
integration of >an address book with the email system makes it very easy to
add public key >information into a person's entry.
I am currently using the new EPPI DLL for Eudora 3.0.  It integrates PGP
almost seamlessly.  I have had no problems at all ... yet.
been the pretty weedy interfaces. I'm afraid the MH hacks just don't cut
it. It seems to me that a downloadable plug-in would be very popular. I
know a lot of lawyers who would jump at the chance to use email but realize
they have to have crypto.
documentation. Does anyone know of a usable reference or which of the
gazillion Microsoft Developer network CDs one can find more information?
hehe.  I totally agree.  MS = MaSsive Confusion.

@_date: 1996-12-04 09:27:03
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: 
Actually, I never said that.  Anyone may.  I may hire only white people
(even with the intent not to hire others).  I will also pay the
consequences.  And if someone feels that they need to do this, the teachers
of civil disobedience indeed state it is their duty to.
Anyone may give their money to whomever they choose.  I was simply stating
it was morally wrong.
I have never been ashamed of my opinions.  Its just that I never said they
couldn't do it.  I justify my position as follows:
It is costly to everyone in the state to have areas of under and
unemployment, poverty and usually high-crime rates.
It is unjust and costly to deny opportunity based upon residence.
It is just and efficient to allow markets to indeed be free instead of
falsely supporting a certain hegemony based upon residence.
Free and full competition is the only way to achieve a free market.  This
can only happen when access to capital is equal with regard to worthless
indicators (race, sex, residence and aga's favorite, sexual orientation).
I have never suggested that provably bad credit risks should be given money.
It does if my argument is that this part of the system *is* just.  I
realize you disagree, but I am sure you are not dismissing my argument
out-of-hand.  If you disagree, as you say, then disagree.
I agree.  I am not arguing that we need to withdraw Title VII.  Aparently
you are?
Why are you stepping around your opinion?  "...if that is in fact what has
happened."  Just say it.  You do not believe poor people are
disenfranchised.  I understand the ramifications of "no possible recourse".
 How should poor people save money?  Through some forms of civil
disobedience like stealing food and clothes and then putting that money in
the bank?  Of course, the police will understand.  The government will back
Look, capital begets capital.  I favor increasing opportunity.  As I will
discuss below, there are reasons why capital does not flow to poor areas.
I thought that it didnt matter where people came from as long as the risk
was low in reality.  Banks weed through the people coming to them from the
suburbs.  Is it harder for them to see past a red line?  More costly?  How?
 It is too much trouble because of the way that bankers think.
It also screws up the market.  I am glad that you admit that racism is
irrational.  That is the core as to why the problem doesnt go away.  It is
an infinite loop.  Current interests wont go there.  Generally, people who
understand the problem are without access to capital.  They would like to
go there.  They cant get capital.  When they approach current interests,
they wont go there.
There are a few examples of people who actually realize this as a
problem/opportunity.  Oddly enough, this point reinforces mine.  Redlining
did exist.  Bank of America realized it and made a lot of money.  But it
still exists elsewhere.  Why dont business plans around the country spring
up on venture capitalists desks with an approved stamp on them?
Ahhh.  This is the key (which I probably did not make as clear as I should
have).  They wont.  It is a bit irrational, I know.  But we just discussed
irrationality.  Racism doesnt see green.  If it did, I agree with you that
capital would flow there.  It doesnt.
I agree with you that it is a financially attractive proposition.  At the
Center for Public Representation where I worked during Law School we
approached investors.  The ROI was extremely attractive not to mention the
added "goodwill" in a largely liberal community (I went to Law School in
Madison, Wisconsin).  No one bit.  Hmm?
Actually, I am very glad you brought it up because I was just going to.
Microloans are successful not only in this country but in India and around
the world as well.  The Grammeen Bank initiated its microloan program in
India by loaning usually less than $100 to individuals.  They fixed up
their residences or started extremely small businesses.  The default rate
was less than 5%.  (BTW, the system also encouraged community by a system
of cyclical neighborhood lending where neighbors took responsibility for
neighbors).  Compare this now to people whom banks would generally consider a good risk.
 College Graduates.  Generally, these folks live outside of the red line.
Good risks right?  What about those nasty student loan default rates?  The
red lines dont make business sense.
I favor the elimination of illogical regulation.  I favor ridding banks of
burdensome personal property taxes.  Hopefully the deregulation set for
1997 will help.  My desire for regulation in this case is to eliminate
redlining.  It is far more burdensome to retain this system than it would
be to eliminate it.
I wish it were this easy.  Economically depressed areas need new structures
built.  The current structure adds to the cycle of poverty.  First,
earnings are low.  Second, costs are high (Warehouse foodstores dont locate
there so corner stores become the means of feeding the family ($$$)).
Again, business plans have been presented to no avail.  Even private
foundation subsidized events were tried.  To no avail.  I am aware of this.  But drug dealers hold more cash than CEO's.  Aparently
the laundromat isnt open for everyone. ;-)
They would not be making as much as they could.  Irrational, I know.
I once believed much like you.  I saw an "opportunity" the existance of
which I could not explain.  It seemed irrational.  And it was.  Racism is
irrational.  As you seem aware (BTW, I applaud you on what seems to be an
honest degree of care) some are trying to break through the cycle.  The
south side of Chicago recently started there own bank.  It is working.  As
you mention, historically, the Bank of America story.  Redevelopment
efforts "seem" to abound.
Huh?  What is your point?
We agree.  But I feel that a legal elimination of redlining would decrease
costs to the industry.
If they never did we would still have slavery and only white, adult, male,
land-owners would vote.  While success is rare, it has prevailed when the
cause is just.
Come on, one fatuous remark in a whole post?  I thought that was good ;-)

@_date: 1996-12-09 14:18:07
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: 
Actually I didnt say anything about private lending.  But as this thread
goes on you seem to assume much.
I dont assume that anyone (or any corporation) has earned their money
honestly.  Quite often that is not the case.  I have said a few times
already that I *do* believe in limited regulation.  And apparently you
believe that ad hominem is cool.
Actually it is not.  I am an employment law attroney.  I know the
definition.  I know also what I need to do to prove it.  I also know that
many times the definition (legal) fails to meet the reality of the
situation.  But as I said before, we do not live in a perfect society.
See above.
Perhaps we should argue irrelevant things.
Actually, in my case, it absolutely does not.  But as I said above, you
appear to continually assume things.  My perspective doesnt change, maybe
yours does.
You were forgiven long ago ;-)
It is all becoming clear to me now.  Perhaps you should understand what
laws you are rallying against before you attempt to defeat them.  I have no
need to ask *you* about policies.  Considering you have recently popped up,
you have not even a small collection of reputation built up.  No you are not.  You show your stripes below.
Actually, I dont.  Not all rich people utilize their wealth.  Dont believe
it?  Ask Bill Gates and the latest Slate.
My vocation is intimately involved with poor people.  I have been there
myself.  I do not defend my beliefs on those grounds.  If I did I could
easily just state the opposite.  But hey, Ill bet you arent racist either
'cause you have Black friends.  The poor people that I help are nothing like the media productions you
believe in.  I realized after reading this last paragraph what kind of
person I am dealing with.  Poor people, in your eyes, remain poor because
they apparently have no will of their own to get out.  If you *actually*
understood utter poverty you would also understand the idiocy of the
statement.  Many of personal friends have 'escaped from the killing fields'
and have opened my eyes to the reality of the situation.  I will no longer
try to open yours.  You are not interested in learning anything.
That's right.  I forgot.  Poor people dont come to work on time. They dont
develop a work ethic.  They wear dirty clothes.  And they are
disrespectful.  And when they dont do these things they are not passed up
for promotion, never meet a glass ceiling and are never discriminated
against.  Now I get it.  What was I thinking?
I live in reality not theory.
Redlining occurs when people from these neighborhoods *go to the bank*.
Banks do not target these people.  When approached by them, the banks look
at the lines and decide.  They are not weighing whether to do business
there.  They simply dont.
Because I personally carry to high a debt burden to qualify for the loan.
I also suffer from doing something with my life that I both enjoy and feel
makes a difference.  I advocate for others that would like opportunity.
Yep, that was it.  We all got together in 1964 to try to find a way that we
could increase political corruption.  Read the law.
Try defining harm.  Try defining taste.  People like you have argued that
slavery caused no harm.  Disallowing women to vote caused no harm.  And of
course that discrimination in the workplace causes no harm.  You may
believe that in all of these cases the legislature should not have acted.
This just makes me glad that you are clearly in a minority, unable to
withstand the wheels of change.  You and Tim could start your own country.
Irrationality is always hard to believe.  That's it.  All those lawyers involved with putting together deals
(something they succesfully do for a living) put together a funny deal.
That's it.  It's a conspiracy.  Be careful everyone, the poor people are
planning something.  Run, run.
Just because a market exists that is far from stating that barriers to
entry arent enormous and that a market segment is sufficient to make
'tremendous amounts of money'.  Money is also far from my prime motivator.
This will be hard for you to understand, but apparently you have no
interest in expanding your horizons.  What are you talking about?  Good ROI, good investment.  How do you define
'lousy investment'?  Maybe you work for a bank?  What do you do?  Oh yeah,
you are Red Rackham.
Whenever a good point is made, you go to that nifty "ring, ring" crap.  Do
you deny that the default rate on student loans is outrageous.  Do you deny
that these people generally live out of the redlines?  Have you carried that much home on a bus lately?  I mean, you were poor,
no?  Or do we all forget little things like that?
Making the original capital in their basement of course.  How many
microloan programs do you know of Red?
I keep forgetting that poor people want to remain poor.  When will I learn.
 They use up all their energy thinking up excuses.  Oil Company execs never
treat blacks differently.  Glass ceilings dont exist.  Hey if I keep saying
it maybe I will learn.
See above.
This sounds like advice from someone who has never tried.  Not you, red.
See above.
Actually, my largest investment is in a minority owned business.  Funny
thing.  My money.  How odd.
I keep forgeting.  What was it stupid, lazy, smelly, discourteous?  I have
to watch the news more closely.
Where the hell did this come from?  I *never* asserted it.  Red must be
watching too much TV.
I know some of them.  They work very hard.  Funny thing is, Red, they sound
nothing like you.  Go read your book.
Racism is a dynamic of Power Red.  There are, unfortunately, successful
Blacks that do not help out the neighborhoods they came from.  They do not
credit Affirmative Action for its help.  Consider me 'forewarned'.
I never mentioned that blacks were the only poor in this country.  That was
one of Red's assumptions.  Much like the ones about poor people being lazy,
dirty, blah, blah.
What's so difficult.  God, I hope you arent an attorney.
It costs money *to practice* redlining.  Not to eliminate the practice.  If
decisions are based on merit alone, where do costs increase.  Redlining
adds a layer of investigation to a loan analysis.  Eliminating it
eliminates one.
And yet you assert that the government should not tell you what to do.
Make up your mind Red.  While this is totally of the point of the post, at least we can agree on
[Excuse the tone of the post.  Dealing daily with some of the effects of
racism, one gets sick of the same arguments and assumptions made by most.
I thought you were interested in differing points of view, but the tone of
your post suggested otherwise.]

@_date: 1996-12-10 22:27:00
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
I will not re-quote and rehash the argument thus far.  You do have a knack
to ignore strong points (although admittedly not all) of your opponent in
an argument.  Additionally, I am not trying to show anyone that you are a
"bad person".  I was trying to carry-on civil discourse.  I know you really
feel that you had no part in disrupting the discourse we started out in, I
My original point, in fact, was taken out of context and so:
My question was a real one.  The basis of it comes from my work with the
homeless in which they have a difficult time getting a job because they
have no "home address" to put on the forms, some do not have or remember
their SSNs, etc.  This causes a cyclic problem for the homeless.  My
question to Tim was, in the real world, how is the protection of this data
As I discuss briefly at the end of this post, I also was pointing out my
differing opinion on the meaning of "free society".
You responded in your last post thus:
This is a factual summary of my opinion but has absolutely nothing to do
with my post (I *never* mentioned support or opposition of such laws.  It
also has nothing to do with my opinions on cryptography or privacy (which
you also criticized in your last post).  I do have responses to each of your "points" in your last post, but have
found the process of responding point-by-point tedious and non-productive
(maybe less productive than the time I have to give to the exercise, I was
not intending on placing a value judgement on it).  So that you can
understand my position (in case your sarcasm was not really turned up that
high) I will outline it more succinctly below.  You are quite right.  We
As the topic quickly wandered from the original post on privacy concerns to
racial discrimination, I will address that.  I apologize to the list (for
those that find it irrelevant), but I can not reply directly to Red.

@_date: 1996-12-10 22:41:48
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
This is the essence of, at least, my disagreement with you Red.  I dont
agree that redlining doesnt harm people.  You see no harm.  I do.
As strange as it may sound to you, most of my conversations go this way.
It is ironic to me that I have been placed on this side of an argument.  Do
you tend to think of me now as "less of a Libertarian" much as your
forewarned "In the House" black reference?

@_date: 1996-12-11 12:09:34
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
Are you suggesting that a fiduciary responsibility is violated by *not*
redlining?  I stated before that all *real* qualifying factors remain in
force.  The only irrelevant method to be eliminated is place of residence.
Granted, if a certain bank only made loans through direct mail campaigns or
some such, an argument *might* be made that risks are higher in certain
residential neighborhoods.
Breach of fiduciary duty would be thrown out almost immediately as a claim.
Actually, I mentioned redlining as an aside to a totally different point.
Red has asserted, and I tend to agree, that this is actually on point.  We
are discussing the possibilities of crypto anarchy.

@_date: 1996-12-11 13:14:49
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
My point, Red, at the outset was that your tendency to address each point
in turn was not being fruitful to me (my time is a scarce resource).
Surely you do not make policy decisions based upon how much time someone
has to address your concerns.
This is a good attempt at intellectual honesty which was present in your
original reply but lacking thereafter.  That aftermath explains my tone in
my later replies.  I apologize.
This is actually a great idea.  In my real world, I am criticized for
taking on the problems of others before myself.  While I could work this
out, I border on the problem of ignoring (or bypassing) the concerns of my
family, which is my prime motivator.  I am not saying this is not a great
idea.  While I understand the greater social good, I, personally, am not
interested in violating applicable fraud statutes.  This is a borderline
case in which consideration to the idea, of course, should be given.  I
would hesitate to expose these people to that risk.
This is the best way to address the problem.  But, it leads to my original
quandry (not redlining) which was how some people can, realistically,
protect this data.  You do give some good opportunities.  For me they are
unacceptable and on balance, I would suggest that people go the latter
route and attempt to comply with the statist regulations.  Maybe in a more
perfect society, they would have an interest in privacy.  In the world
today, however, I think they would choose to eat.
I claimed that well after your posts became far more condescending than
fruitful.  You stated your assumptions as fact and dismissed my points with
several fininely tuned snips.  I really dont care if you find it in poor
taste here, because this list is as close to an anarchy as we will get.  I
do not have to abide by your construct of good argument if i dont want to.
If I wanted to I could repeatedly issue heart-wrenching stories of poverty
in America (similar, of course, to politicians using "real world examples"
in speeches).  You seem to assume that this would be "wrong".
I have said, repeatedly, that we disagree.  Apparently, now I have to
*reiterate* why.  I am not trying to convert you, Red.  I have no reason
to.  My response, on which you jumped, was a pointed question to Tim about
the reality of privacy protection.
Once again, we disagree.  You do not favor any form of government
regulation.  I do favor some forms of government regulation.  It seems that
the turning point for you is your belief that racism causes no real harm.
I disagree.  If you really want to have a list of the harms caused by
racism, I will list them in a seperate note to you.  I wish you could be
intellectually honest enough to realize these harms.  I fear, however, you
will not be.
I do not know where you live, but I live in the US.  Cryptoanarchy has not
taken hold here yet.  As such, my discourse is regarding the political
system in which I live.  As such I favor regulating behavior between the
small number of protected classes and the small number of covered
transactions (employment, housing, etc.).  You, OTOH, do not.
Actually, it would be preferable if they would become enlightened.  It is
difficult to do.  I try every day.  BTW, if the comment above was supposed
to be aimed at me, once again i *never* made any such assertion.
I subscribe to the notion that policy should be determined by the best
balance of several concerns.  Among these are market efficiency, social
justice, budget constraint and liberty.  I am unsure how you would
determine policy.
Maybe for some, but if you have assumed that is how I act you are mistaken.
As I said, I would determine policy based upon a wide range of competing
interests.  You seem to be violating your own "rule" about not utilizing
concepts such as the "libertarians wet dream".  Many believe the same about
the "gambit to conceal dictatorial powers in a scientific cloak."
Apparently those "rules" only apply to others.
And neither do I.  On balance, I would not have accepted prohibition then,
and I do not accept it now.  People also have a preference not to hire
blacks.  I feel that that should not be an acceptable means of interaction
between an employer and a prospective employee.  You do.  That is what I
meant by drawing lines.  You feel that every employer (a creation of the
state) should have the ability to act in a discriminatory fashion.  I
disagree.  You and I do agree that when the personal excercise is for a
drink, the government should not respond.  This is because, on balance, I
believe that the excercise of that freedom is more important than the
adverse effects of alcoholism.  And vice versa for employment discrimination.
Once again, I would determine policy based on several competing interests.
Aparently you would determine it on a notion of absolute freedom.  I am
trying not to assume anything.  And for the record, I have only supported
governmental intervention in currently accepted transactions, which do not
cover individuals wanting to hold racist beliefs.
Actually I was referencing the effects upon the discriminated against.    I believe in regulating, in one instance, employment discrimination.  I do
so because I have personally seen the economic impact on the Greater
Milwaukee Area of such discrimination - both past and present.  I believe X
also because I have been witness to the personal impact that such
discrimination has upon people.  To take advantage of practices effective
against poverty, several of which you have mentioned, it helps to have
self-confidence and a degree of self-worth.  These are directly damaged by
employment discrimination.  I believe that the elimination of redlining
would help to increase capital flows into some of these affected areas.
Even if, as you stated, the elimination would allow for a few token
investments in order for banks to appear to be in compliance, that is a
willing trade off for me.  It is not for you.
^^^^^^^This was, of course, my explanation before.  Apparently you didnt
see it.
I was not using libertarian's ideal society in any derogitive way.  At one
time I believed in it.  Through self-examination I decided that it couldnt
work.  Is your point that you disagree with me or that Anyone who disagrees
with you must be wrong?
Actually that is the substance of my dissention.  I do not believe in those
theories which results in my favoring X.  You disagree and favor an
absolute theory of freedom (I may be wrong, but you have never asserted
your underlying political theory).  My policy decisions are based upon my
political philosophy.  As are yours, I assume.  I never said, Tim was "bad"
because of his theory.  I was simply pointing out that I did not agree with
You have labeled it a specter, not me.  I have the utmost respect for
libertarians.  It was simply a way to reference the subject matter.
You appear here to admit that it is possible to favor one libertarian
policy while disagreeing with another.  That is what I am doing.  Sorry. Mixing my replies.  That was someone else. ;-)
Doesnt suprise me at all.  You are only interested in your political
philosophy.  When it is relevant to my political philosophy and the way in
which I would make policy decisions apprently it is irrelevant.  It is not
to me.
Much as the line of Don Wood argument, I have no interest in educating you.
 If you are really interested I will roll out what I perceive as the many
harms caused by racism.  Unlike you, I am in no rush to call your reasons
for your beliefs "good" or "bad".  You believe as you do.  You do so
because of personal reasons.  I believe as I do, that racism harms people.
I do so because of my personal experiences.  Among these are employees
explaining to me the nature of the discrimination that they have suffered,
their inability to pursue any such claims because of a lack of both
self-confidence as well as capital, the faces of their children that do not
yet understand the nature of the world they have been brought into and the
immense stress on familial relationships caused by the lack of a job caused
by employment discrimination.  Ill even discard the borderline cases and
refer to the slam dunk cases out there.  I live and work in Milwaukee, Red.
 People are fired and told they are fired because they are black.  I have
settled cases with no dispute of these facts.  All of the personal harm and
more was suffered by my clients.  This is part of the reason for my
perception.  I wish I lived where you did where racism hurts nobody.  Just
give me a general location and Ill start to move my clients there ;-|.

@_date: 1996-12-11 13:19:55
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
Actually, my assertion was that the basic motivation was racism and
ignorance.  My example of student loan default rates should clear that up.
College graduates generally live outside of redlines and yet are regularly
offered credit.  And yet default rates on student loans are outrageous (the
government backing of these loans is irrelevant to individual

@_date: 1996-12-11 14:43:03
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
This does appear to address both my moral concern (raced-based lending) as
well as my liberty concern (favorability of less regulation).  I support
the repeal of much of the over-burdensome banking regulation already in
existence.  I continue to work closely with a Congresscritter who satrted
off on the Banking Committee (Now has a good Ways and Means seat) whom I
have expressed my concerns to.  What helps is to have concrete deregulation
proposals.  In Wisconsin I have supported the extension of personal
property tax exemptions to business computers (and an elimination of the
personal property tax in total.)
While discussions on the list often deal with theory it is important for
those with the inclination, to act.  Cypherpunks write Code (as in USCA? ;-)

@_date: 1996-12-11 20:20:37
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
And what was it that Bird's contemporary society called him?  Was it crazy?
 This is one of the social ills potentially caused by discrimination.  Far
more important to me than the politics of any time is the music that a time
period presents.  But this visionary jazz musician was all but discredited
by the musical environment of the times.  Thankfully, it survived on its
merits.  But imagine if the campaign to discredit Coltrane had been
successful and my young ears never experienced that beauty.  That is part
of the potential harm I am talking about.
Many of us take many different routes.  Most of us fill our days taking
action and have precious little time to enlighten people other than those
they encounter daily.

@_date: 1996-12-11 20:39:04
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
Just wanted to clear up that my reference to student loans was not meant to
start a discussion of the granting of _those_ loans.  It was meant to spark
a discussion of the lending to those borrowers *after* they graduate.  As a
group, their default rate is generally high.  And yet, as a group, the
extension of credit to these people is not systematically denied (as in
I take responsibility for the thread being confused as I believe my first
mention of it was unclear.  mea culpa.

@_date: 1996-12-11 21:19:58
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
Get over it Red.  Fine.  I called your ideas idiotic.  I called you
intellectually dishonest.  Admitedly ad hominem. Can we bypass it now?
You already have.
I try very hard *not* to simply apply my personal experiences to entire
classes.  I devalue personal stories when discussing policies and try,
_try_ to examine facts.
Some of us see little difference.  Employment discrimination causes many
social problems that you causally associate with personal flaws within the
people affected.  I place the blame on the people discriminating.  You
blame the people being discriminated against.  Maybe there is a degree of
blame to go around.
I am curious as to what governmental interference you do accept.
My belief is that poor people lack some of the resources to effectuate
these practices.  Among these are self-confidence as well as a perception
of inability.  Other reasons stem from the very discrimination that I have
rallied against.  You are "right" in that these practices can eliviate
poverty if they are implemented (meaning that people have the will and
means).  Actually, i vote to maximize the influence that i have over public policy.
That of course is not always consistent with my personal political
philosophy.  I could benefit from a remailer at this point and so my
discussion must go .....
Generally agency.  Hiring is sometimes done by one department and
discriminatory firing by another.  The principle is held responsible.
Sometimes it is direct.  Employers may feel that hiring certain minority
groups allows them to offer lower pay scales.  Then when they have a bad
day, they sometimes deal with their anxiety in illegal ways.  In reality, I
dont think racism can be reasoned away.
You are right that it does not have to.  And to many it is not.  To some it
is.  It is yet another obstacle to overcome.  The obstacles do keep
building up.  The best way to deal with it is to train everyone to overcome
it.  I also favor other avenues to help.
That often is the problem when it comes to remedy.  No one wants to go back
to work.  You do your best to make whole, where no make whole relief can be

@_date: 1996-12-11 21:27:14
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
You will not get objections from me either.  I would advise the banks to
make sure they accept all applicants and widely distribute the
announcement.  I would like them to make extra efforts to examine the
potential market in historically redlined areas.  I am not suggesting
forcing them to do so legislatively.  I never suggested a quota system.
My point is not that inputing all data you will get equivalence between
creditworthiness and racial makeup.  My point is that redlining exists and
I would favor the elimination of the practice.  Given a good program that
somehow magically gets to all potential debtors would have the result I
intend.  Not a quota system.  Equal access to capital.

@_date: 1996-12-14 08:15:24
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Redlining 
Just for the record, I didn't say this.  I believe it was Red.  The thread
has become so convoluted that I am only sure it wasnt me. ;-)

@_date: 1996-12-21 15:50:49
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Are you talking about the School Board requirements?  Are you still in High
School, Tim? ;-)  I have never heard you speak of children, so you might
have a valid complaint if you have them in public schools (although home
schooling is still an option).
[Tim's Critique of currently failing attempts at social justice elided]
I realize you dont agree with the tactics of some black leaders in this
country, but I dont understand why you have this need to cloak your
arguments in such antagonizing language.  You, of course, are free to do
so, I just find it counter-productive albeit sometimes humourous.

@_date: 1996-12-21 16:07:24
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Why is it that personal freedom, sometimes expressed by choice of dialect
or language, seemingly has such arbitrary limits?  Many on the list
complain that they are subject to too many rules, and yet, seem to chime in
on multi-linugual issues in this way.
Crypto angle, here?  Much of Ebonics has been based upon a need or desire
to communicate in a private way.  "5-0" was initiated as a way to
communicate the presence of a police officer.  Surely, we are not arguing
against the development of a low-level way to scramble language.  Or in
fact, are you arguing that attempts to curtail the police should *not* be
encouraged?  This seems odd coming from some members of the list (Collapse
of Governments and all) ;-).

@_date: 1996-12-22 14:19:29
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Actually I meant my tongue to be relatively firmly in cheek.  However, some
sub-cultures from which ebonics comes did have a need and desire to
communicate quickly and privately.
Often times in some areas of this country, people distrust the police.
They do form ways of communication that is not easily understood to avoid
what they see as police interference.  I am not defending use of
communication privacy techniques in the name of the four-horsemen but...
As Tim and others have said repeatedly, there is no on/off topic here.
Want pure code goto coderpunks; want moderation goto cryptography.  I am
just trying to counter some of the statements made here.  Sometimes people
view cpunks as some sort of borg-like mind with no dissidents.  I sometimes
reply to let people know that might not be so...

@_date: 1996-12-22 14:30:07
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Sorry to quote so much, in this case it seemed necessary.
I apparently need to use those twirpy smiley faces more often (see above).
I meant that to be funny which I guess it wasnt.  One of your (Tim) prior posts clarifies much.  That you hold out absolutely
no hope for democracy actually lets me in on why you express yourself now
like you do. My memory is that you werent always so clear in your
expressions of disgust; this memory comes from several non-derogatory uses
of the term "suits" when it came to cpunk political action in the past.  I
agree that democracy has myriads of flaws, but still hold out some hope for
My comment about such inflaming language was of disappointment because Tim
almost single-handedly helped me reconsider many of my traditional
political thoughts.  It is difficult sometimes to get past the anger in
current posts (although I do understand and respect Tim's ability to be
absolutely honest about his views which is refreshing.)

@_date: 1996-12-22 14:49:23
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
I assume you are talking about right-to-work labor laws, in which case, it
does not refer to the above.  It has to do with union-membership (which you
more than likely similarly disagree with...)
I agree that there is rampant abuse of the word/idea of "rights" in this
country and around the world.  I similarly think that many political
disagreements can be boiled down to this problem.
I was actually joking, Tim.  My original response was sent before I knew of
the Oakland initiative.  I do not hail from California, the land of
Proposition XXX, and find some of them silly.  You do advocate the unemployment of people who do utilize such a
dialect/language.  And I do fear that many people subscribe to your line of
thinking.  So I do respond to some of your posts earlier than I sometimes
should to present a different point of view.
That's a good argument.  Do they teach that ad hominem stuff in that class?
;-)

@_date: 1996-12-22 14:57:43
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
I have apparently been excrutiatingly unclear in my last post (tired folks
should stay away from their terminals).  I wasnt refrencing governmental
action, but rather a flaw in some principles.  I believe that the line of
thought that we should all speak "proper" english leads to anti-libertarian
results.  What has been missing from my posts is the link to the chain of
english-as-an-official-language regulation.  Tim's argument for the ability to communicate is somewhat reasonable in an
employment context (although it depends largely upon the employment).  When
it is couched in the terms of his post, it makes the link to the chain of
reasoning above much easier to make.

@_date: 1996-12-23 13:28:38
@_author: "Matthew J. Miszewski" 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Funny, did he stutter when he said he regularly *practiced* such
discrimination at Intel?  (Such discrimination being based upon Title VII's
dispirate impact scenario, a law that Tim and others disregard as is their
civic, as in civil disobedience, duty.)  I guess he was unclear when he
stated "Fuck 'em" in a follow up post.  Tim is an anarchist (and I do not
mean that in any derogatory way).  He not only advocates, but he practices
what he preaches.
I think Tim's position was that if people couldnt communicate with him or
his supervisors he would not recommend their hire.  He had not stated as
you did above, although I do not doubt it is his belief.
P.S.  I have posted to rebut several political points made on the list only
to show that some of us on the list do not agree with certain viewpoints.
As Tim has pointed out, it has caused an innordinant amount of flame bait
and our signal is getting lost.  I do accept responsibility for setting
some of the fires but will now attempt to reply only to
highly-crypto-relevant material on the list.  Apparently folks get too
excited when others disagree with them.
