
@_date: 1993-02-28 11:55:56
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Fake ID to protect ID 
With regard to Thug's question about the use of false identification for legal
purposes, I did some cursory legal research on the subject.
  A search through LEXIS brings up only three cases throughout all of the
federal and state scourts.  The first case, and in fact the one most on point is
a 1991 US court of appeals case (LEXIS 219121).  In this case, the defendant
attempted to utilize the 'Thug defense' of no intent to defraud.  Unfortunately,
the court held that the actual making of false identification papers was the
illegal act and that the potential for illegal use was sufficient to merit
  There are a few possible ways a good attorney could get around this ruling
though.  First of all, the case is not a 'published' decision.  Therefore it
really holds little fmore than persuasive authority:).  Secondly, the defendant
in this case actually was involved in a conspiracy to commit illegal acts
(whereas Thug is only interested in protecting his true identity).  Finally,
there is an incredible void of case law on this specific subject.  That means
that a few cyber test cases making there way through the correct legal channels,
argued in the correct way, could start an actually legally recognized 'thug
  Unfortunately, there are other problems (legal0 with the use of false ID.
Misrepresentation can be both tortious and can be utilized to weasel out of
otherwise sufficient contracts.  For the interests on this list, it would
probably be best to balance all of your interests and only use Thug's
suggestions when you are in realistic fear of abuse of your identity.
  I will do further research on the subject (This was only a quick search).
Anyone with other legal questions (NOT people looking for legal advice per se)
that I might hellp out with (RESEARCH ONLY) mail me privately.
-  Although I may detest what you say, I will defend with my life your right to
say it  - Voltaire

@_date: 1993-03-06 20:05:15
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: ACT NOW! 
Dear Cypherpunks-
  The talk on this list is incredible.  Having grown up during
the dawn of personal telecommunications, (I remember a 110 baud
modem and running to get the phone in he cups in time), it
amazes me how far we have come.  Compared to the first BBSs, the
level of discourse ha also advanced.  Well, now that we have all
matured (no offense to my first mentors) the time has come to
combine our social concerns and our knowledge of technology.  Now
is the time for empowerment and action.
  I know many of you have been discussing (flaming) about
anarchy.  I understand that movement but I believe we are ready
to act on a different level.  Most of us hold strong personal and
political beliefs.  I think it is time for us to come together
(as much as is possible) and distribute and activate our ideas.
  Cryptography (finally got to the point) will play an intimate
part in any real technical revolution.  I am _far_ from an expert
(finally unzipped PGP2.1).  And so, I need to enlist the great
minds present on or reading this list.
  I speak in general terms so as not to offend some.  I know some
feel that power need not be redistributed and I respectfully have
kept things vague (did you see that graceful sidestep of the
inevitable *flame*).  I also kept this brief so as not to disturb
the S/N ratio any more.  So, very briefly, I assert:
  Information, technology and control of both _is_ power.
*Anonymous* telecommunications has the potential to be the
greatest equalizer in history.  Bringing this power to as many as
possible will forever change the discourse of power in this
country (and the world).  This is intimately involved with
political and economic theory, but can be accomplished without
fatally altering the existing models of these theories.  We, with
the knowledge, have the power to change everything we see.  But,
we must act.  We must organize.  And we must start _now_.
  Please send me private email so as not to burden the
Cypherpunks list or increase the noise.  I will listen to all
(and fully expect certain folks).
  BTW, I am not a socialist, communist, liberal, conservative,
fascist, et al.  I do not believe in simple change, but actual
progress.  I believe in progression not politics.  I believe the
private sector is an untapped resource for furthering social
justice.  I am a Law Student with a deep sense of social urgency.
(Not your typical lawyer-to-be).  I await _ALL_ responses.
Matthew J. Miszewski

@_date: 1993-03-11 10:20:38
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: CYPHER: Plain encypher 
In response to all those interested in disguising messages
in complicated graphics/sound/random # generators/etc I believe
this would unnecessarily defeat the purpose.
  TLA types become suspicious when they see random pgp type
data transmissions flying across their screens.  When they get
one of these monsters, they of course attempt to decrypt it
(assuming its from someone they wish to monitor (All of us?).
  They also become suspicious when incredibly long plain text
transmissions are broadcast.  It seems desireable to have a mode
of encryption that will encrypt my message and then package it
in a short (relatively) plain text message.
  The NSA/CIA/FBI wont bother trying to decrypt messages that
are the equivalent of 'My slide show of my trip to Florida".
And even if they were to suspect, or by some miracle decrypt it,
you have your Plausible Deniability.  Make the message generator
sufficiently general that all final messages are plausible real
  Only those expecting a message that is encrypted in plain text will
know they have one.  They would have the key to decrypt it.  And
no one would be the wiser.
Matt           mjmiski

@_date: 1993-03-17 20:18:04
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: White House 
MCI announced a new email address for access to the White House.  However,
This time they make no pretense that it will be read electronicly.  From
what I could glean from RISKS (I was in quite a hurry), the messages will
be sent through the regular USPS.  This appears to be a way to increase
profits for MCI and Internet messages may very well bounce.
  Anyway, I know that the cypherpunks are trying to access the handles
of power in this country and gain some respect at the same time.  I also
watched the last thread about what form our communication should take.
Well, here's another chance.
0005895485   -   White House

@_date: 1993-04-17 22:27:53
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: CLIP: Legal Aspects 
Clinton Clipper Legal Stuff:
  With regard to the fear that the issuance of your 'Klinton Key'
will allow your favorite TLA to decrypt all conversations taped
previous to the issuance of the warrant granting the key, there
is precedence that disallows it.  In US v. Plamondon 407 US 297,
the Supreme Ct. held that *prior* judicial approval is a must for
any evidence sought to be admitted.  Therefore, while the
precedence does not prevent them from actually decyphering your
previous conversations, there is support that states it can not
be used against you.
In US v. Donovan (sorry lost the cite), the court held that the
actual application must Identify *all* parties to be surveilled.
Thus, the CIA cannot simply run a tape on you and expect to use
it in court.  It is important that everyone understand that none
of these cases *prevent* any agency from *doing* the
surveillance, and that probable cause is still an easy standard
to meet in order to get the warrant.  These cases merely tell you
what would be admissable against anyone in court (i.e. this does
not affect TLA (three letter acronyms) from blackmailing you or
scaring the hell out of you.
There is an enormous body of law out there on this topic and
could use some guidance from the Cypherpunk elders for search
topics.  What's needed out there.  Email me privately.
TOTALLY aside from the Clipper topic:  Just got the new WIRED.
Excellent article.  Groovy pix.  Which one is Murdering Thug? 8^)
mjmiski                    CyberLaw, etc.

@_date: 1993-04-17 22:37:03
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: CLIP: Media Blitz 
I know Ive got a huge list of fax/phone numbers and addresses of all
of the MAJOR media sources in this country.  Im going to find it now.
The idea is a major blitz on the media's editorial boards from plain
old outraged readers (OK cypherpunks aren't plain or old), the media
shows like Larry King, et al would love a point counterpoint on this
topic and this could create a cypher phenomenon from the roots up.
  If this sounds like a good idea to others out there let me know.  I
believe that a groundswell (or apparent one) will catch the eye of those
in Congress and in WAShington much more than will petitions or letters
from an ambiguous and generally anonymous email list (although everyones
thoughts are in the right place).  People in Washington react to what
appears to be public sentiment.  So lets create it :-)
  Ill post the media list unless many people would rather me not do so.

@_date: 1993-04-18 10:09:08
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: MEDIA: Partial List 
OK a couple of things.  First, this is a partial list as should be
obvious by the truncation of the first entry.  If and when I can find
the whole and complete list I will post it.  Second, I post this grudgingly
realizing that some might abuse it.  I do feel however that the tone
of discussion on the list has been positive and intellectual enough
to positively affect the cause.  I realize this list is not exhaustive
but it is a start.  Ill work on expansion.  I suggest, as have others, that
we utilize one simple technology extensively - fax/fax-modems.  Also remember
that Washington responds to perceived PUBLIC opinion.  Most people
dont understand crypto much less know our names.  It should appear that
these comments are coming from a good cross section of the country.
Finally, I agree with the poster that suggested that we put forth some
spokespeople of sorts.  Media types love point people rather than the
horizontal structure of cypherpunks.  I know we will never get total agreement
on whom they should be, but I think that Tim May, John Gilmore, Eric Hughes,
etc. are pretty much acceptable (They represented us eloquently in WIRED)
Use the list with good intent.
Lane Vernardos
Fax: 212 7652724
Associated Press
50 Rockefeller Plaza
New York NY 10020
Phone: 212 6211600
This Week With David Brinkley
1717 De Sales St., NW
Washington DC 20036
David Glodt
Phone: 202 8877777      Fax: 202 8877977
CBS Evening News
524 W. 57th St.
New York NY 10019
Tom Bettag
Phone: 212 9753693      Fax: 212 9751519
CBS This Morning
524 W. 57th St.
New York NY 10019
Eric Sorenson
Phone: 212 9752824      Fax: 212 9752115
CSM Publishing Society
One Norway St.
Boston MA 02115
Phone: 800 2257090
One CNN Center
Box 105366
Atlanta GA 30348
Phone: 404 8271500
CNN, Washington Bureau
111 Massachusetts Ave., NW
Washington DC 20001
Phone: 202 8987900
Face the Nation, CBS News
2020 M St., NW
Washington DC 20036
Marianne Brooks
Phone: 202 4574321      Fax: 202 4666237
Good Morning America, ABC News
1965 Broadway
New York NY 10023
Jack Riley
Phone: 212 4961800      Fax: 212 8874724
Larry King Show, Mutual Radio
1755 S. Jefferson Davis Hwy.
Arlington VA 22202
Pat Piper
Phone: 703 6852175      Fax: 703 6852142
Larry King Live TV, CNN
111 Massachusetts Ave., NW
Washington DC 20001
Thomas Haddad
Phone: 202 8987900      Fax: 202 8987617
Los Angeles Times
Times-Mirror Square
Los Angeles CA 90053
Phone: 800 5281637      Fax: 213 2377679
MacNeil/Lehrer News Hour
P.O. Box 2626
Washington DC 20013
Phone: 703 9982870
MacNeill/Lehrer News Hour WNET
356 W. 58th St.
New York NY 10019
Les Crystal
Phone: 212 5603113      Fax: 212 5817353
Meet the Press, NBC News
4001 Nebraska Ave., NW
Washington DC 20016
Christie Basham
Phone: 202 8854200      Fax: 202 3622009
Morning Edition, NPR
2025 M St., NW
Washington DC 20036
Phone: 202 8222000
N B C Nightly News
30 Rockefeller Plaza
New York NY 10112
Steven Freidman
Phone: 212 6644971      Fax: 212 6646045
New York Times, DC Bureau
1627 Eye St., NW, 7th Floor
Washington DC 20006
Phone: 202 8620300
New York Times
229 W. 43rd St.
New York NY 10036
Phone: 212 5561234
444 Madison Ave.
New York NY 10022
Phone: 212 3504000
Nightline, ABC News
47 W. 66th St.
New York NY 10023
Dorrance Smith
Phone: 212 8874995      Fax: 212 4563335
ABC News
1717 DeSales, NW
Washington DC 20036
Ted Koppel
Phone: 202 8877364
Public Broadcasting Service
1320 Braddock Pl.
Alexandria VA 22314
Phone: 704 7395000
Time Magazine, DC Bureau
Washington DC 20001
Mr. Cloud, Bureau Chief
Phone: 202 8614000
Time Warner, Inc.
Time Life Bldg.
Rockefeller Center
New York NY 10020
Phone: 212 5221212
The Today Show
30 Rockefeller Plaza
New York NY 10112
Tom Capra
Phone: 212 6644249
USA Today
1000 Wilson Blvd.
Arlington VA 22229
Phone: 703 2763400
U S  News & World Report
2400 N St., NW
Washington DC 20037
Phone: 202 9552000
United Press International
1400 Eye St., NW
Washington DC 20006
Phone: 202 8988000
P.O. Box 2626
Washington DC 20013
Phone: 703 9982626
Wall Street Journal
200 Liberty St.
New York NY 10281
Phone: 212 4162000
Washington Post
1150 15th St., NW
Washington DC 20071
Phone: 202 3346000

@_date: 1993-04-18 18:14:20
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: MEDIA: Calm 
Im glad to see so many insightful letters being sent/broadcast to media
types.  I think that our cause would be better served with a toning down
of the rhetoric and techno-talk.  I understand what your saying but Joe
Byline may not.  Keep it simple.
  On that note, I think one more effective strategy is for some cypherpunks
to write thoughtful letters which appear (or do) come from strict lay people
scared at the thought of the "Wiretap Chip".  If it appears that only techno-
types care about this issue, then no one else will.  I know non-crypto experts
read this list, so this is a call to you to express your opinions publically
as john/jane doe on the street.  You dont have to speak to the technical
side of things at all.  Simply let the world know your afraid and so should
everyone else.  Leave the cryptoanalysis to the experts (Tim, Eric, et al)
  Keep up the good work everyone.

@_date: 1993-04-22 20:29:01
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: CLIP: Congress works with the Cypherpunks! 
Cypherpunks (or cryptoprivacy professionals) :-),
  Hey, some good news.  I just got some good information that the winds
in Congress are blowing our way.  In the latest "Communications Daily", the
House of Reps. Telecommunications Subcommittee Chair Markey (D-Mass)
has come out actively opposing the Wiretap Chip.  He gave several reasons,
most of them not technical but commercial.  I think he could use some technical
talking points too.  This could be important guys.  A chairman has mucho
power (albeit he is only a subcom chair, but he may be well connected).
  I will digest the article and post it for Eric to put it on the ftp site.
I will also get the vital info on this charming privacy advocate (Ill bet he
wears a suit too! ;^)
  This is an incredible window of opportunity.  Think, type, send but don't
overdo it.  This may be our only advocate.  But he may have Senator Kennedy's
ear.  I guess this will test the cypherpunk effectiveness quotient.  Progress.

@_date: 1993-04-22 21:01:08
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: HOUSE: Wiretap Support from Markey (D-Mass) 
Here it is:  Couldn't remember if the first two articles had been posted but
I figured Eric could ftp them even if they were.  The 3rd article is the
one about Rep. Markey.  Ill find his vital info ASAP.
                              Communications Daily
                             April 19, 1993, Monday
Vol. 13, No. 74; Pg. 2
Clinton Sets Policy Review
GOVT. WEIGHS IN ON PRIVACY-VS.-ENCRYPTION DEBATE, WITH ITS OWN TECHNOLOGY
   Clinton Administration Fri. announced sweeping policy directive designed to
protect privacy of voice and data transmissions using govt.-developed encryption
technology that ensures law enforcement agencies will have ability to eavesdrop.
Encyrption is achieved through use of " Clipper Chip"  that will be built into
telephones, computers, fax machines. Although govt. will adopt new chip as its
standard, use in private sector will be on voluntary basis.
   AT&T Fri. became first company to announce publicly support of  Clipper
 Chip.  "We believe it will give our customers far greater protection in
defeating hackers or eavesdroppers in attempting to intercept a call," said AT&T
Vp Secure Communications Systems Edward Hickey. Govt. already has purchased some
evaluation units from AT&T with  Clipper Chip  installed, said Raymond Kramer,
acting dir. of National Institute of Standards & Technology (NIST). Govt.
expects to purchase "well over the thousands" of such  Clipper Chip  units, he
said, but he couldn't give figures for how many it might buy from AT&T. AT&T
spokesman said products with  Clipper Chip  included will be available
commercially in 2nd quarter.
   President Clinton Thurs. signed Top Secret National Security Directive
outlining details of privacy and encryption policy review. Review will bring
together industry and govt. experts under direction of National Security Council
in attempt to resolve long-running controversy on right of businesses and
citizens to protect all forms of communication and govt. right to conduct lawful
investigations. Review will take 3-4 months, NIST's Kramer said.
   Law enforcement agencies are concerned about rising popularity of digital
encryption methods. Multinational businesses, worried about economic espionage,
increasingly are incorporating encryption technology for all communications. Law
enforcement agencies have voiced growing concern that if they don't move quickly
to enact laws assuring them access to encrypted and digital communications, they
will be at decided disadvantage in attempting to thwart criminal acts. FBI
spokesman James Kallstrom acknowledged that "not many" criminals today are using
encryption to skirt law, but putting methods in place now to assure means of
intercepting such communications "is vital" to law enforcement's mission.
   Encryption program will be available to any vendor that wants to manufacture
chips, Kramer said. However, company that developed and designed chip under
sole-source contract from National Security Agency (NSA) -- Mykotronx, Torrance,
Cal. -- has solid lead on market. Kramer acknowledged job was handed to it with
NSA's full approval of noncompetitive bid contract. He defended noncompetition
aspect: "We went out and found the only company capable of delivering this
technology." He said govt. has been using  Clipper Chip  technology for "a
while now in classified applications," but declined to say how long it had been
in use before White House announcement.
   Each chip will have 3 unique "keys" issued to it. When manufactured, 2 of
those keys will be sent to govt. and will be held by "escrow agents." For law
enforcement agency to be able descramble transmissions, it first must get court
order that allows keys held in escrow to be released. Only when those keys are
used in tandem can law enforcement agencies unscramble codes and listen in on
conversations. Attorney Gen.'s office will "make all arrangements with
appropriate entities to hold keys," White House said. Those escrow keys could be
held by private organizations, govt. agencies or others, Kramer said. But only 2
entities will be chosen and will be responsible for administering data base that
will store keys. Attorney Gen.'s office is expected to select escrow key holders
"within a couple of weeks," Kramer said.
   Plan already is drawing fire from civil liberties groups and privacy
advocates. Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) said White House acted "before
any public comment or discussion has been allowed." It said Administration will
use "its leverage to get all telephone equipment vendors to adopt" technology.
EFF criticized govt.'s sole-source contract, saying there may be other companies
that have better encryption technology, and because encryption algorithm is
classified, it can't be tested. "The public will only have confidence in the
security of a standard that is open to independent, expert scrutiny," EFF said.
Privacy experts are concerned that because  Clipper Chip  was developed under
NSA contract, it might have "backdoor" known only to NSA that would allow agency
to crack code and bypass court order. Kramer disagreed: "There is positively no
backdoor to this technology."
   Because use of  Clipper Chip  is entirely voluntary, businesses and private
users -- including criminals -- are free to choose other means of encryption,
leaving govt. and law enforcement agencies with dilemma they now face. FBI's
Kallstrom acknowledged criminals still could thwart investigations if they used
non- Clipper Chip  products, "but most criminals aren't so smart."
   Ability of govt. to eavesdrop on  Clipper Chip -equipped devices still
doesn't solve broader problem: Ability to wiretap conversations moving across
digital telecommunications lines. That problem is being addressed separately by
FBI's controversial digital wiretap legislation that has failed to find
congressional sponsor and is languishing in Justice Dept., waiting for support
of Attorney Gen.
                                InformationWeek
                                 April 19, 1993
PHONE CHIP BLOCKS UNWARRANTED TAPS
    The Clinton administration is attempting to balance privacy concerns with
law enforcement agencies' ability to eavesdrop on phone conversations and data
transmissions. Last week, government engineers revealed they have developed a
" Clipper Chip"  that can be placed in ordinary phones to encrypt phone
communications. Each device containing the chip will have two unique "key"
devices that together can decode those communications. One key will be held by a
government agency and one by a private organization. Law enforcement officials
would need warrants to obtain the keys. The Justice Department plans to purchase
several thousand chips, and AT&T immediately announced it will use Clipper in
all of its secure communications products.
                              Communications Daily
                            April 20, 1993, Tuesday
Vol. 13, No. 75; Pg. 7
   House Telecom Subcommittee Chmn. Markey (D-Mass.) has expressed reservations
about govt. use of  Clipper Chip,  encrypted technology that secures
transmissions (CD April 19 p2). Markey wrote to Commerce Secy. Ronald Brown
asking whether use of technology could lead to "inadvertently increase[d] costs
to those U.S. companies hoping to serve both" govt. and private markets. Chip
would be mandatory for govt. use, but optional for private sector, although
companies might find greater proprietary need to protect data than govt. Markey
asked Brown response to 6 questions: (1) Has algorithm been tested by any entity
besides National Security Agency, National Institute of Standards & Technology
or vendor supplying chip? (2) Who would hold "key" to descrambling data? (3)
Does algorithm have "trap door" or "back door" that could allow someone to crack
code? (4) How well would encryption devices adapt to rapidly changing
telecommunications technology? (5) What would chip cost federal govt.? (6) What
is Commerce Dept. assessment on cost to U.S. exporters of computer and
telecommunications hardware and software. Markey said he wanted answers by April
   National Assn. of State Utility Consumer Advocates opens 2-day conference
April 22 on "Telecommunications 2000: What's at Stake for Consumers in the Next
Century?" at Rayburn House Office Bldg., Rm. 2168. Rep. Markey (D-Mass.) will
speak. Vice President Gore is invited luncheon speaker. Three-member panels
Thurs. include: 9:30 a.m. -- National Telecommunications Infrastructure, with
former Rep. Tauke (R-Ia.), now Nynex govt. affairs vp. 11 a.m. -- Funding
Advanced Networks, with Bell Atlantic Federal Relations Exec. Dir. Edward
Lowery. 3:30 p.m. -- New Technologies, with Bell Atlantic Information Services
Exec. Dir. Steven Craddock.
     [I know we missed Thursday but can some suits make it tomorrow?]
   MultiLink has developed software quality assurance package for its
audioconferencing bridge known as System 70. Equipment assures multipoint
teleconferences will work through simulator that generates Dual Tone
MultiFrequency signals to test 2-way digitized messages over telephone lines,
company said.
      [For those interested in DTMF stuff (I know its an aside)]
   Ill. Bell has begun offering Call Trace for $4 per successful trace to 56
Chicago area communities. Customers would dial *57, preserving number for Bell's
Annoyance Call Bureau or police authorities, although users wouldn't see it
directly. Unlike Caller ID, offer is available only on per-call basis.
       [UUUGGGGHHHH!!!!]

@_date: 1993-04-24 11:36:50
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: DEAD AIR 
When the cypherpunks have a physical meeting cyberspace fills with an erie
  Please for those of us who could neither attend the various meetings nor
hook up with other transmissions, could ONE person post a good summary.
My Mailbox was actually empty thisafternoon!!!

@_date: 1993-04-29 16:19:00
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: No Compromise in Defense of Our Privacy Rights. PGP FIRST! 
To all,
  Tim's statements bother me a great deal.  Granted I have not been around as
long as some (in this particular environment), but long enough to gain respect
for certain net personalities.  I wish to hold on to that respect...
  Ive heard a lot of people talk a lot of sh** about the privacy issues
concerning us requiring private acts of heroism.  Is that what is involved with
giving up on an ideal that has helped define the term cypherpunk.  Not long
ago Tim (and others) posted a rabid defense to the changing of the name of the
list.  Were those merely words?  I have never questioned the dedication of
freedom lovers like Tim before this series of postings.  Something has clearly
taken place.  I hope we find out what.
  My problems with Tim's suggestions:
1.  While those of us lucky enough (or skilled enough) to be independently
wealthy may think that the price of RSA software is nominal considering what is
at risk (I personally agree), do we forget about those that *need* this data
security and cannot pay for it?  (All of these people of course would use PGP
as an academic resource in order to make its distribution OK).
2.  From a legal point of view, what RSA is probably doing is asserting its
*presumed* patent rights.  Left unchallenged they will remain presumed.  So,
to those whom have repeatedly sounded the call for "individual acts of heroism",
is now the time to run and hide?  The *ultimate* question of the legitimacy of
algorithmic patents funded with public money *will* default if left
unchallenged.  So I challenge, with all of my honest respect, those with the
means to take up the gauntlet thrown down by RSA.
3.  There are more ways than one to legitimize strong crypto and allow RSA
to gain its almighty buck.  Suggestions have already been made.  Allow the
rights to the RSA patents to be purchased.  RSA does have a choice between that
and no money at all.
4.  What about those that went before.  Is the heroism of Phil Zimmerman to go
for nought?  The chances that several people, including Tim, have taken deserve
compensation NOT compromise.  RSA wants us to fold now.  Why is a respected
leader of the community asking a compromise of the Cypherpunk Manifesto?
5.  Finally, there have been other ways suggested to deal with the problems.
A USA-Legal PGP is one.  I know that many of the philosophers, code writers,
hackers, thinkers, etc. among us can overcome this too.  Why give up when it
appears to be the night before the big game?
  I am merely a law student with a deep interest in liberty and privacy.  I
*am* willing to offer my time to the preparation of any eventual *challenge*
of the RSA patents.  NONE of the above post was meant as a personal afront to
anyone, but rather a critical look at Tims suggestions (Mainly because I would
not have expected it from *Tim*).  If there are extenuating circumstances
involved, let us know.  I have been reading posts from Tim since the days of
p/hun and before.  I in NO WAY question Tims committment, but rather the
motivation for the out of character post.
  Any individual heroes left?

@_date: 1993-04-30 11:59:48
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: CLIPPER: Remember Big Brother! 
I have taken contention with Tim's suggestions and was glad to see the
comprehensive response.  And the following critiques.  But I fear that
AT&T and the NSA may be lovin' our discontent with each other.
  I still disagree with Tim on a few contentions and will post them later.
But I now understand more clearly his position and far sightedness.  While
I did my part to start this dissent, I now hope that we can reconcentrate
on the current emergency.  CLIPPER!
  Im not saying we should quash dissent, but just cool the flames and remember
our current situation.  There are many facets of patent law which we may not be
able to solve right now.  [Eric, I am working on your research request, thanx!].
  Please don't let a provacative post by a forward looking thinking derail
*both* of our ultimate goals.  There is a time and a place for this debate.
However, I feel now we must attack the _real_ enemy.  So, please, step back
and remember that if we fall divided, NO ONE will voice opposition to the
WIRETAP CHIP, and we can all set our calandars back to 1984.
Respectfully Dissenting,

@_date: 1993-05-11 14:48:24
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: BYTE article 
There is an article about the future of Encryption Regulation in the May 1993
issue of BYTE.  Its not TOO bad and our side is at least represented. (With a
most excellent spokesman BTW).  They offer up a "solution" to the
Denning/Privacy Schism.  Including Silvio Micali's (I thought someone else
had this idea first...) multiple repositories.  I recall some talk about
this with regard to time released crypto.
  I think they could use some refining.  The author is Peter Wayner and can be
reached at pcw   Take it easy on him, I think he is really
trying to struggle with issues that we understand already.  Lets school 'im guys
(and gals).
  The article actually mentions steganography also...Not bad BYTE.

@_date: 1993-05-11 18:49:22
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: BYTE article 
Shheeesh.  I wasnt even implying the article was bad. To the contrary it was
one of the best mainstream articles I have ever seen on the subject. That is
why I posted the note to the list.  I thought some list members could
find the explanations useful.
The refinement I was refering to was the authors implied acceptance of Micali's
"fair crypto system" as a "solution".  I could be wrong, and Im sure I will be
corrected if i am, but my feelings were that this system still depended on
the trustworthiness of the branches to which the "pieces" of your key would
be distributed.  If these were all TLAs, we still have a Denning problem, no?
I thought I made it clear in the last post that i thought that the article was
very good. If not I am sorry.  And if your listening Peter, Great Article!
Matt (Respectfully Questioning in part)

@_date: 1993-05-13 07:37:50
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: CLIP: CNN 
Rumor has it CNN is carrying a clip on the Wiretap Chip Today. (I, Being
the poor Law Student that I am, have neither cable nor the time to waatch
it).  Could someone type up an extract so we can gage our effectiveness?

@_date: 1993-09-06 09:46:21
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Law Review Articles 
To answer many of your questions, I am alive.  Ive been doing considerable
research and thus been unable to reply to much of my mail.  I am preparing to
write one or several articles for publication on the legal effects of the
internet and of course more specifically cryptography.  Unfortunately, in the
midst of my research i have come along a great deal more i could write about
then first thought.  So, I come to the list asking for input.
For those who do not know, Law Review articles help litigators to support
arguments that they need to make.  They are not primary authority but often
times one article will feed on another and develop into a school of thought.
It is important to break into this cycle in order to further legitimize our
(several) causes.
Among topics already considered:
      International Data Havens
      Digitial Cash
      Algorithmic Patents
      Electronic Signiture reliability
      Cryptographic Export Laws
      First Amendment and the Net
      Computers, Freedom and Privacy (I wonder if thats a copyright infraction)
      Fair Use Laws and general Copyright
      Telecommunication Laws Effects on Competitiveness
      And a General Overview of the Cryptography Controversy
I appeal to the list for further suggestions for topics as well as votes on
which topic is most important to establish now.  I am not locked in to any
particular topic right now but will need to get going soon.  Please forward any
sources (good technical papers and legal sources), and any ideas or thoughts
you may have.
To those who care, Im back.  To those who dont know me, Im back.  To those who
have offered help, I have not forgotten or abondoned ship, I will contact you.
BTW, glad to see so much activity on the list.  Keep up the good work.
Matthew J. Miszewski

@_date: 1993-09-10 13:27:50
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Object Code Release 
Just a qwik note on the release of ViaCrypt only in object code.  Ill dig up the
cite later but recent appelate decisions show two circuits leaning toward
allowing fair use decompiling for academic purposes.  Actually, they have gone
as far to say that deprogramming an EEPROM and printing out the resultant Source
(after decompiled) *might* be considered a fair use of sorts.  So, release VC in
object and have the folks that decompiled the KOH decompile this too and
whallah!  A more robust encryption scheme (not security thru obscurity).
Matt  (not --Matt)
mjmiski (I hate .sig space)

@_date: 1993-09-30 12:21:55
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: POISON PILL 
There are a number of ways in which you can set up *your* machine
to self-destruct.  The best way to accomplish this is through
Perry's suggestion of a regular security check to which you must
reply or the PILL is activated.
  If all you are concerned about is private mail or the like, a
simple batch wipe file would work (hide the wipe program).  Putting
any prompt at boot and turning off obvious ways of defeating *your*
security will help.
  Not to start everyone flaming, but there is nothing wrong with
destroying your own computer thru infamous combinations of
interrupt hooks and the like (was that cryptic enough to avoid
a virii flame?)
"This new technology (the printing press) threatened the Crown, which shuddered
at the thought of widespread dissemination of works advocating religious heresy
and political upheaval.  The Crown's solution to the problem was a system of
regulation designed to control this "dangerous" art."
         -From my Copyright Law Text (refrencing the Statute of Anne -
                                           the first Copyright Statute)

@_date: 1993-10-09 14:35:58
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Wireless Net 
Sorry to put this on the list but I forgot who posted the original.
I believe it was Ed Carp that mentioned he had a wireless net set
up between his 486 and his laptop.  Could you detail this setup a
bit more (hardware and code necessary).  Also, is the connection
(or lack thereof) encrypted end-to-end?
"This new technology (the printing press) threatened the Crown, which shuddered
at the thought of widespread dissemination of works advocating religious heresy
and political upheaval.  The Crown's solution to the problem was a system of
regulation designed to control this "dangerous" art."
         -From my Copyright Law Text (refrencing the Statute of Anne -
                                           the first Copyright Statute)

@_date: 1993-10-10 10:26:05
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: PHON PRIVACY 
Our favorite Corporate entity, McDonald's, actually attempted
a play on Mr. Szabo's idea.  Here in Wisconsin, a while back,
they distributed 3 minutedsErase
they distributed 3 minutedsErase
Select Mail
"This new technology (the printing press) threatened the Crown, which shuddered
at the thought of widespread dissemination of works advocating religious heresy
and political upheaval.  The Crown's solution to the problem was a system of
regulation designed to control this "dangerous" art."
         -From my Copyright Law Text (refrencing the Statute of Anne -
                                           the first Copyright Statute)

@_date: 1993-10-10 10:29:43
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: oops 
Anyways.  As i was saying....
McDonalds distributed 3 minute long distance cards that came with your
favorite value meal.  Completely anonymous when used from a payphone,
and the same service as regular LD.
"This new technology (the printing press) threatened the Crown, which shuddered
at the thought of widespread dissemination of works advocating religious heresy
and political upheaval.  The Crown's solution to the problem was a system of
regulation designed to control this "dangerous" art."
         -From my Copyright Law Text (refrencing the Statute of Anne -
                                           the first Copyright Statute)

@_date: 1993-10-14 11:21:58
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Glithces in PGP Message 
Thats not a PGP message ya got thare, but rather someone who likes
to type gibberish and send it as a message.  Look at your keyboard
and then look at the message.  Now keep your hands in the normal position
and type random (pseudo) keys.  Hmm...I tend to hit 'sadf' an awful lot too.
"This new technology (the printing press) threatened the Crown, which shuddered
at the thought of widespread dissemination of works advocating religious heresy
and political upheaval.  The Crown's solution to the problem was a system of
regulation designed to control this "dangerous" art."
         -From my Copyright Law Text (refrencing the Statute of Anne -
                                           the first Copyright Statute)

@_date: 1993-10-14 11:06:58
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: SADF 
While the timing of the -kg keystrokes is 'more' pseudo-random (heh.) than
is the obviously repititive nature of your first post you do bring up a valid
concern that Im sure someone of the many PRNG people on the list can, and will
  This particularly ties in with the thread coming in from the previous
poster whom refered to the new pgp23a process of -kg.  I would think that
my typing while entering my pass phrase is *definitely* less random than
when I am consciously aware that I am generating a key.  (This very
awareness of course makes the randomness less random, ugh! where is
chaos when you need/want it?)
"This new technology (the printing press) threatened the Crown, which shuddered
at the thought of widespread dissemination of works advocating religious heresy
and political upheaval.  The Crown's solution to the problem was a system of
regulation designed to control this "dangerous" art."
         -From my Copyright Law Text (refrencing the Statute of Anne -
                                           the first Copyright Statute)

@_date: 1993-10-19 16:37:37
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Re: Backing 
The problem with using a concrete anfd finite source to back
ypour currency is that it is just that...finite.  This causes
many economic problems for the social/economic system founded
on it.  I was barely a pup when the world first discovered this...
er...that is when everyone in the mainstream allowed economists to be heard.
Remember the Gold Standard?
"This new technology (the printing press) threatened the Crown, which shuddered
at the thought of widespread dissemination of works advocating religious heresy
and political upheaval.  The Crown's solution to the problem was a system of
regulation designed to control this "dangerous" art."
         -From my Copyright Law Text (refrencing the Statute of Anne -
                                           the first Copyright Statute)

@_date: 1993-10-23 14:23:27
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Sign this! 
All due respect Eric,
...but requiring signatures could hinder this lists performance for
several reasons.
1.  New members of the list may have little knowledge of signing and
may become frustrated at the delay that results thus minimizing
the income of fresh talent to the list.
2.  Those with aversion to open system storage will have a harder time
signing their messages and thus security minded people will have their comments delayed.
3.  A false sense of security may actually result in this forum
since there is no _real_ compelling reason for me to check...lets say...
L. Detweiller's signature everytime he posts.  In a corporate contractual
situation there is an economically compelling reason to check.
...and with regard to 3. I would _suggest_ that for all 'sensitive'
or 'meant to be relied upon' information be signed by the author.  For example
I value Eric's vast knowledge of mathematical theory, and if 'he'
published an article to the list on some new breakthrough
algorithm I would be compelled to check his sig.  But, If he is
just flaming the hell out of LD, it is irrelevant to me if it
is him or anyone else.
"This new technology (the printing press) threatened the Crown, which shuddered
at the thought of widespread dissemination of works advocating religious heresy
and political upheaval.  The Crown's solution to the problem was a system of
regulation designed to control this "dangerous" art."
         -From my Copyright Law Text (refrencing the Statute of Anne -
                                           the first Copyright Statute)

@_date: 1993-11-05 13:12:30
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: dcnets and tcmay cartoon 
I have just been reading d. Chaum's _Security without identification:
Card Computers to make Big Brother Obsolete_ and have some questions.
But Ill ask the serious ones in another post.  For this one, and to
satisfy the comparable conspiracy buffs on the list, look
first at the Cypherpunks Wired issue.  Now look at the comic
in Chaum's paper.  I guess that bearded guy with the longer
hair could be....hmm....Jamie...no...Nick...no ITS TIM MAY!
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-11-11 13:24:46
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: OMNI CARD 
With re to Root's comments:
  The OMNI Card appears to be the incarnation of D. Chaum's SmartCardComputers.
If its what it sounds like it is a public key encryption/digital signature
computing device.  DigiCash...er...Digital Cash (Im not good at avoiding a
pseudospoof) is on its way boyz.
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-11-16 19:45:59
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Re: modem taps/caller id 
It is my understanding that the *67(9) feature does not stop the actual
sending of your number to the switch but rather stops the data from
being transmitted from the switch to the end user (actually sends a
'P' I believe.)
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-11-18 09:04:31
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Cells 
The sendero luminoso in Peru also works this way...Of course if you break their
rules, they break your neck!
For security reasons each 'member' of the Shining Path is only allowed
to know of two other persons in the heirarchy.  This makes for good
plausible deniability as well as qwik and efficient dissolution.
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-11-18 14:22:19
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: CryptoCards 
Could someone send me either a vendor of SecureIds (or a similar
challenge/response card) or a Spec sheet, parts list and approximate
cost of manufacture of one of these monsters?
I've got some ideas for Telco security schemes but Id like to see
what sort of Margin Im looking at first.  Thanx ahead of time.
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-11-22 15:25:06
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Secure ID Thanx 
Thanks to the many folks that replied to my post/request for SmartCard
Addresses and info.  I will keep you up to date once I finish my cost
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-11-25 23:08:45
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Health Security 
I realize that this is of marginal crypto import, but I need as much info
as possible on Hospital Information Systems and security.  Especially
on CICS and AIX systems.  Do any cryptographic protocols exist yet to
protect huge interactive medical databases?
Please send responses in mail.
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-11-29 19:22:27
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Factor Breakthru! 
Just curious as to what would (or will eventually) happen when a shortcut
to factoring large numbers is discovered?  Do we revert to older less
secure conventions or am I missing something?
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-11-29 19:37:16
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Medical and Hospital Info Systems. 
First off, thanks to all the people who replied to my first post.  Which, as
it turns out needs a bit of clarifying.
I am looking for a secure information system for hospital administration.
My mother is on the purchasing committee at her place o' employment (she
is a Registered Nurse) and asked me some questions about their nascent
search for a new information system.
They are considering three operating systems all put on 3090's i believe.
They are considering CICS, AIX and something merely labeled propietary (UNIX?).
Well, I am visceraly familiar with the first two and know of several security
problems with both systems.
So, when I read on in her literature I found mention of security.  All that it
said was individual users have individual passwords!  HELLO! I immideatly
told her that there was or would be a problem.  AIX out-of-box is horribly
insecure as is any CICS implementation i have seen.  I was/am concerned
about the probability of a breach.
So, my cryptoQuestion is based around *any* possible/existing medical info-
rmation protocals in existance.  I would prefer a cryptographic protocol,
thus my appeal to the list.  If none exist, then industrious punks can make
a bundle by creating one (Oh yeah! We do write code when were not hissing at
Medusa's Head!).
Otherwise, I may simply piece together a package from that which already
exists.  Punks, I must say it is sad to see the state of information
security with regard to Medical Information.
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-12-05 20:29:53
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Enough is enough 
please do 1 of the following two things.
1)  Ignore L. Detweiller completely and put a message in the welcome
message to the effect that he posts highly flamable material and replys
should preferably go to his private email box.
2)  Ban him from posting.  Yes that is what i said.  I believe whole
heartedly in freddom of speech, but when that freedom interferes with
other rights it may be impinged.  I believe that one of those palces
is the educational arena.  I am trying to learn and before LD came on stage
I learned a *shitload* from the cypherpunks.
I do not censor easily, but it is unbearable.  If i had the resources
I would start another mailing list and invite everyone but him.  Shocker
I have the right to *not* include you.  And I would exercise it.  Ive
been on the list for about a year and dont want to leave.
Another option if the first two are no good would be to simply have
everyone on the list forward every, *every* , post coming from
LD to his postmaster.  If they let it out, they might as well
get as frustrated with his antics as me.
And LD, I am a law student with an itchy litigation finger :-)...try
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1993-12-06 12:43:20
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Security (Encryption) Corps 
To interupt the Monster in the name of Cypherpatriot Activity...
I plan on starting up a security and consulting firm over the next
few months.  A great deal of what we will address are practical
applications of crypto technology.  Due to the fact that pre-LD
experience with this list has showed a great deal of impressive
peole or net.entities out there, I would like those interested in
getting involved with an upstart (and yet comprehensive) corporation
to contact me.
The corporation will deal with all aspects of information security including
telco product security, data integrity, data security, communication
security, and general computer consultations.  If you are interested,
or have any ideas you think are ready for commercialization, let me know.
Cypherpunks Start Corporations!  (No longer merely write code).
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1994-02-14 12:51:32
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Other list 
What happened to that other list you were starting?  Sorry if I
missed any announcement my account was messed up for a week or so.
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1994-02-15 08:51:42
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: For those biting at the bit (or byting at the bit) 
Glad to see cpunks back to crypto talk.
Anyways, to those of you who are anxious to see crypto applied in a
larger arena, your opportunity might be coming soon.
A few months back I announced that I will be starting a Data
Security Corporation which will apply and develop crypto
protocals.  To all those who have been inundating me with questions,
they will be answered very soon.  I have been *very* busy, but the work
is coming along fine.
So, if you are interested in getting involved, or if you would no longer
like to be contacted about it, let me know.  A general message will go out
by the end of the week.  Personal replies and requests closely
To all those who have already responded I am sorry that it has taken this
long.  I want to do this right.  I appreciate your enthusiasm.  Now lets
make it pay off.
Cypherpunks form Corporations!
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1994-02-24 13:55:32
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: New Security/Encryption Corporation - INFORMATION INSIDE (long) 
THIS IS NOT AN ADVERTISEMENT BUT INFORMATION OF GENERAL INTEREST TO CYPHERPUNKS.
IF YOU HAVE NO INTEREST IN DATA SECURITY THROUGH APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY PLEASE
DELETE THIS MESSAGE NOW.  SORRY FOR ANY CROSS POSTING.

@_date: 1994-02-27 18:29:12
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Newton Crypto? 
Does anyone know of any packages available for/on the Newton or any
other personal managers?  Last I heard, even the password was in plaintext.
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1994-03-01 12:53:00
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: On encrypted Logins 
Does anyone have information on the actual overhead of encrypted logins.
What besides telnetd need be modified, specifically?  Jef makes an interesting idea for cost containment.  Jef, what exactly would y
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1994-03-01 12:53:22
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: welp. 
Well now, that message got crunched.
I meant to say Jef, what exactly would need to be modified using
your monodirictional approach?
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993

@_date: 1994-09-08 18:33:17
@_author: Matthew J Miszewski 
@_subject: Title VII v. Liberty 
Granted I deleted about 1000 messages before starting to follow the thread (tangental at best to crypto...) but...
Title VII of the CRA covers the already illegal actions of Tim's hypothetical
firm refusing to hire Blacks.  Granted Tim firmly believes this kind of law
is a bad idea, but nonetheless it is the law.  To avoid the flame, yes I am wel
versed in Libertarian ideals, save it, i already subscribe.
As to sexual orientation, um no federal law protects the class.  And yet magic-
ally, massive discrimination exists.  This is a natural result of the condition
of falesly free markets.  To those involved with Libertarian causes, a free market player in this example would openly admit that th
basis of orientation, but they dont.  They also hide their racist activities.
I in no way suggest all corp's are involved in this activity but if you deny it
exists Id like to live in your world.
Sometimes intervention works.  Granted, usually it does not.  But removing
the regs now would work to do one thing - perpetuate the past effects of discriminatory intent in today's world.
Flame on!
- Matt
In defense of liberty, encrypt for all purposes, civil and professional.
In defense of privacy, encrypt all correspondence, personal and professional.
In defense of sanity, do not encrypt your dry cleaning invoice!
       ++++++++--------mjmiski                          (c)1993
