
@_date: 1993-09-14 20:00:08
@_author: by one second 
@_subject: Re:  Testing randomness of PGP-generated IDEA keys 
number generation as part of some other work, and it took me a while
to realize that running statistics on the output of the PRNG is
almost useless, if you're using a cryptosystem or cryptographic hash
as the PRNG. With any decent cryptosystem, one bit change in the
input to the PRNG will cause every bit of the output to have a
50% chance of being different - that's a desirable property in a
cryptosystem. DES, and I assume IDEA, show this property.
input to the PRNG. PGP is in really good shape here, because it
bootstraps its PRNG with its input, which presumably is unknown
to the attacker. An example of a weak PRNG would be:
otter-> cat foo
date | /usr/local/bin/md5
date | /usr/local/bin/md5
sleep 1
date | /usr/local/bin/md5
otter-> foo
The second run is completely different. The seed, however, is
only very slightly changed (by one second). You could run
statistical analyses on the output for a long time and never
realize that your random number is really extremely easy to
crack. If I knew roughly what day you generated the "random"
number on, I could crack it in only 86,400 MD5 hashes, and
it's an operation that parallelizes trivially. *MUCH* cheaper
to attack the PRNG than the cryptosystem! And if you used a
toy PRNG to generate your RSA key, then you're lunchmeat.
in good shape because of the aforementioned property of
using the message as a seed. Messages that don't change
much, or that change predictably, are subject to exhaustive
searching. A means of analysing the unpredictability of
the seed is more worthwhile. I made some basic starts at
doing this by ad hoc measures (generating repeated seeds
and running them through a program to count a minimum-bit
edit similar to diff) but I wasn't sure enough of the
validity of my approach to bother continuing it. My hat
is off to the guy who came up with the idea of seeding
the PRNG with the message. That was *clever*.

@_date: 1993-09-15 12:09:12
@_author: in seconds 
@_subject: Re: Testing randomness of PGP-generated IDEA keys 
to have an approximate time (in seconds) inserted in the header as
the MTA moves it, so that value is searchable trivially. For example,
this message nicely contains a timestamp:
eliminate the time as a seed, and that's only 84,000 searches, which
is huge orders of magnitude easier than searching DES. You don't even
need gnarly fictional $1.5million DES-searching machines to do it.
the input is by definition unknown to the attacker in MOST cases,
right? If you're using this for confidentiality, that is. If the
input is known, then you're left with just randseed.bin.
as the key and feeds it back through itself? What is the input into
this process? Again: ignore the apparent randomness of the output,
you need to look at the unpredictability of the input seed. Randseed.bin
should be kept secret, clearly, as it's part of your key.
that will change are a serial number which increases monotonically, and
a value, which averages around $1,000, I can probably crack your PRNG in
an hour or two, depending on how many processors I throw at it. Remember
that this parallelizes trivially. Also, when you crack the PRNG with a
public key system, you *KNOW* instantly that you've gotten the correct
key, so the entire process is very hands off.
bits of unpredictability go into your PRNG seed. If you're willing to
assume your adversary can brute-force search DES' 56-bit keyspace, then
you'd better assume he's also willing to brute-force search your PRNG.
So figure you want more than 56 bits of pure unpredictability as your
seed. This is a tricky problem. One option is to give the user a typematic
buffer: "hit keys for 30 seconds" - you NEED unpredictability!

@_date: 1993-09-16 09:49:20
@_author: by definition 
@_subject: Re:  Random Numbers 
implements randseed.bin.  My experience with PGP indicates that
it's pretty well-thought-out in general, so perhaps I'm repeating
the obvious.
if it was your secret RSA key. Systems like PEM store the RSA
key encrypted on disk someplace - you could also store an
encrypted random seed which you decrypt when you retrieve the
secret key, use to bootstrap your PRNG, and then replace with
some output from the PRNG when you're done. That way, the seed
is (by definition) hidden, and an attacker is going to have
much more trouble attacking your PRNG by searching your random
seed space.

@_date: 1993-09-16 12:04:43
@_author: "Thomas W. Strong, Jr." 
@_subject: Re: Random Numbers 
You don't want to do that...  that would amount to using one seed
(probably when you created your key) and then generating a key from
that.  Since the relationship between a random seed and the IDEA key is
known, one can be reproduced from the other.  (to go from key to seed
would take considerably longer, but it's doable)  Since you are storing
what effectively amounts to the random number generated from the seed in
place of the seed, all an adversary has to do is get one of your IDEA
keys from a message that he can read.  Once he has that, he gets the
seed used, and then just works it forward from there.  Instead of having
2^128 possible keys, you've just let him narrow it down to a couple
hundred or so.  There's a reaason that you have to give it a new seed
rather often.
 -----------------------------------------------------------------
  Tom Strong              N3NBB              ts49+

@_date: 1993-09-23 11:53:17
@_author: powers-MacDES.sit.hqx 
@_subject: DES binaries for Mac - 
read cbc-encrypted data created with the "des" command on a UNIX
box. I found one version of DES for Macs (powers-MacDES.sit.hqx)
that appears to do DES properly but uses the resource fork in some
way such that it won't try to decrypt files it didn't create.
compatible binary? I've no access to a compiler, and I'm under
too tight a schedule to port something myself. Please, buddy,
can you spare some crypto?

@_date: 1993-09-24 06:52:37
@_author: and presumably expensive 
@_subject: Re: NIST Explains Clipper "Review" 
technical merits, or whether or not it's Big Brother and therefore
evil, we should be making the press aware of the fact that Clipper
is going to cost major $$ for the taxpayers. This will be reflected
in terms of increased cost on consumer electronics, and in the cost
of administration of the key escrow system. Since both agencies for
the escrow will be government, the taxpayers are going to bear the
entire burden of the very complex (and presumably expensive) escrow
wire taps are performed anually. Apparently, the number is very
low (under 1,000) - we must question the cost effectiveness of
a measure designed to protect wiretapping at a cost of hundreds
of millions of dollars, when apparently wiretapping is not that
important a tool in the arsenal of law enforcement.
spoke on the Clipper panel, and stated proudly that they had been
working hard on clipper for over 3 years. Unfortunately, NSA's
budget is classified, so we'll never find out how much this
B1-bomber of telecommunications has already cost the taxpayer,
but we need to bring the potential expense involved to the
attention of our various representatives. In a time when people
are losing their jobs and government is trying desperately to
cut costs, we must ask ourselves if it would be more cost effective
to spend the hundreds of millions of dollars clipper will cost
the taxpayer on hiring more police officers, or on social programs.
non-technical press understand the issues behind key escrow. We
need to make them understand that effectively clipper means that
the consumer will pay more for certain forms of electronics,
that the taxpayer will pay more for administering programs of
questionable usefulness, and that the government is using covert
budgets to subsidize an attempt to compete in the telecommunications
$300 government toilet seats. Perhaps we need to come up with
a nice name for clipper. Rather than calling it the "big brother
chip" perhaps we should call it the "B1 bomber of data communications"
or point out that it is really an implicit tax on telecommunications.
[PS - these are my personal opinions]

@_date: 1994-08-29 20:04:44
@_author: Marcus J Ranum 
@_subject: Clipper in the news... 
technological innovation has spread, from this month's (Fall Collection)
issue of Vogue magazine:
personal computer. Networks like Prodigy have been warning users that
they will censor 'objectionable' messages, and the government is
threatening to install the Clipper Chip in computers, allowing it to
eavesdrop on digital transmissions. How to cope?"  [P. 172]
