
@_date: 1996-04-28 12:24:26
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
Please forgive what may be a stupid question, but I've been wondering
about this for a long time, and today I'm tired of wondering.
A consistent theme here is "crypto-anarchy", which appears to be
essentially the idea that widespread cryptography will make tax
collection impossible, bringing down governments.  I don't see how
this will work.  The logical flaw in this argument seems so obvious
(and at least some of the people who buy into it seem so obviously
intelligent), that I can't help but think I must be missing something.
Certainly the widespread use of cryptography will frustrate modern
systems of taxation, such as income taxes, sales taxes, etc., which
are based on the monitoring of financial transactions.  But these
systems are a mere flash in the pan; taxes existed, and governments
sustained themselves perfectly well, long before these systems arose.
Why then shouldn't we expect that modern governments, in the face of
widespread cryptography, will simply revert to more traditional (and
brutal) systems such as head taxes, land taxes, travel tolls, etc.?

@_date: 1996-04-29 01:20:05
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: CryptoAnarchy: What's wrong with this picture? 
This is a point I hadn't considered.  If the govt doesn't know where
most of the money is, they can't "harvest" it nearly as efficiently.
Although they will almost certainly try to extract as much as possible
from the poor, you can't get blood from a stone.  Hence the size of
current governments will undoubtedly have to shrink.
Most other arguments put forth so far in this thread, about how people
"won't stand for" certain government behaviors and so forth, I don't
find convincing.  Modern military technologies, especially in the
U.S., make the prospects of a sucessful popular uprising dubious.
When you cut off someone's air supply, even the nicest, gentlest
person will go into an unrestrained, murderous frenzy.  I expect
something similar will happen to even the most "civilized" governments
within the next few years, as popular crypto begins to cut off their
money supply.  As I see it, only those relatively few citizens who can
afford to flee will dare to resist.
Which brings us to the "flight of capital" issue.  Will nations be
able to compete freely for the loyalty of the rich?  Or will the most
powerful nations form effective coalitions, and perhaps simply bomb
"rogue" nations into the stone age?
The more I contemplate my "simple" question of yesterday, the more I
find myself getting into deep waters which I feel ill-equipped to
navigate.  I rapidly run up against such imponderable questions as,
"What is government?"  and "What is wealth, really?"  Only one thing
is certain: We live in interesting times!
At any rate, I thank everyone for their thoughtful responses.

@_date: 1996-05-04 14:27:36
@_author: Yes, that was a joke. 
@_subject: Re: CryptoAnarchy: Late Comments. 
I'm amazed at the long thread my naive "CypherAnarchy" question
generated -- not to mention the astonishing range of perspectives,
spanning from the unusual to the bizarre.  (Yes, that was a joke.)
I haven't joined in much up to now, simply because it has taken me
some time to digest it all.  But now that the thread seems to be
winding down, I have extracted a couple of interesting points for
additional comments.
"Snow" discusses nations without borders, then asks:
In part, yes.  But I think the possible definitions of "nation" and
"government" are diffusing even more broadly than you suggest.  A
paragraph which I edited from my original message went something like:
"Suppose a large multinational company finds a way to increase profits
by cutting labor costs.  To what extent does this resemble a global
'tax increase' on the world population?"
A line of thought which (skipping over a lot of boring intermediate
stuff) led me eventually to the questions, "What are taxes?" and "What
is wealth?"  Clearly, when the government exacts payment of taxes from
us, it is more than just a screwy method of recycling used currency!
Taxation, to oversimplify quite a bit, is essentially compelled labor.
But it is even more than that.  Taxes must be paid in dollars, and the
U.S. government maintains tight and detailed controls over what types
of labor and value can be converted into dollars, by whom, and how.
Therefore taxation is also compelled *behavior*.  It keeps us locked
into roles which government has significant power to shape.  In fact,
due in part to tax policies, important traditional American lifestyle
values such as "being independent" and "living off the land" have
become damn near impossible today (while "normal" forms of employment
frequently entail the waiver of important Constitutional rights).
Once taxation is seen as compelled behavior, it is natural to ask how
many other legal controls on behavior might have the effect, at least
in part, of a sort of hidden tax.  The military draft?  Seizures of
property in criminal cases?  Obviously.  But what about regulations on
industry?  Suppose Congress passes a bill which consolidates some
segment of the military industry.  Or suppose a government reserves to
itself some of the most profitable lines of business, such as drugs
and gambling.  To what extent do these actions resemble taxes?
My point being, there is more than one way to skin a cat, and clearly
more than one way to increase government wealth.  Cryptography may be
able to hide value transactions when they take the symbolic form of
money, but can crypto hide value in all its phases?  If not, then
crypto will change only the forms, not the essence, of taxation.  It
cannot shield us, for example, from outright forced labor (such as
compulsory military service) or increased criminal penalties, etc.
A final thought: Just as TV is in the business of selling eyes and
ears to advertisers, the U.S. government has long been involved in
some activities which might, to the cynical eye (such as my own),
resemble the selling of "exploitation rights" over its population to
the highest bidders.  Note that such a strategy could do a complete
end-run around any tax collection problems caused by cryptography!
But who the hell ARE the real leaders, and how are we supposed to find
them?  Hint: I don't think they're the people on TV!
Politicians today aren't leaders, they are the heads of an unseen
Gorgon: If you cut one politician down, two identical copies will
spring forth in that same place!
