
@_date: 1993-06-01 09:51:52
@_author: digital saint     (Computer Science Dept., Univ. of Alabama-Huntsville 
@_subject: Remailers on networks like Fido or WWIV 
work with remailers on Fidonet, or WWIVNet style networks? I've been thinking
about a WWIVNet anonymous remailer and can easily implement one for email, but
the public postings would be much harder although I do have some ideas on that.
If anyone else out there has any ideas, or has started on this already I'd
really like to hear about it.

@_date: 1993-06-02 08:10:54
@_author: digital saint     (Computer Science Dept., Univ. of Alabama-Huntsville 
@_subject: Re: Software infrastructure 
you had better put it into some kinda kit or TPU. That is the easiest way to
get those other people like Mustang Software to add hooks into their software.
If you distributed some kind of TPU to add onto Async Pro then you just made it
really easy to add encryption onto a couple of BBS packages. If you were to
make a TPU I think you should have the code to handle file encryption and
stream encryption built into it. For Async Pro you could just make up a
send_cipher function that encrypts the data then calls Async Pro's serial send
function. I also think it would be better to come up with some freeware so
people don't have to go buy Async Pro, but that would be a good quick cipher
engine for PC serial IO if you just added onto Async Pro without worrying about
the serial routines for the moment also.

@_date: 1993-06-05 21:11:25
@_author: digital saint     (Computer Science Dept., Univ. of Alabama-Huntsville 
@_subject: Software infrastructure 
CY>Buzzword alert.  What is "TPU"?  And who makes "Async Pro", and what
CY>exactly does that do?
        Well, in the PC world, a TPU is just a Turbo Pascal Unit. It's become
kind of a standard for making easy add-ons to programs since a lot of
programmers use Turbo Pascal. Async Pro is written by Turbo Power software.
Anyways, does anyone have any basic ideas on what functions would be really
important for some kind of programmers toolkit? To narrow things down you might
want to make a PGP toolkit that manipulates PGP keys and makes using PGP
easier from other programs. So, does anyone have feedback on some good general
PGP encrypted file manipulation functions? Once you make them easy to integrate
into other programs I'm sure more and more people will pick it up. Reading
through the vast amounts of C code on PGP is quite a daunting task.

@_date: 1993-06-09 10:31:53
@_author: Matt Midboe     (Computer Science Dept., Univ. of Alabama-Huntsville 
@_subject: CryptoStacker and hiding the key 
probably not like that at all, and I imagine some virus scanners. Virus
scanners, there is another problem. Some of them would be useless wouldn't
they, because I think they go around int 13h (since viruses can stealth around
int 13h, right?) so you would need to tell people about that type of problem.
But putting the key in the unused sectors still doesn't provide enough
protection. What is the problem with just having a regular key file, and when
the user boots up the computer it asks them a pass phrase to decrypt the key
file? If they fail wipe the key and force the user to restore the key from a
backup somewhere.
