
@_date: 1998-07-29 15:38:08
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Amused but still looking for... 
I love the SPACE ALIENS stuff : it's like the X-files on a druggie's
version of a Long Island Iced Tea. The politics are agreeable and
predictable. The up-to-the-minute news and the entertainment is fun but
there's really not much that is technical happening here.
Is there a coderpunks mail archive available anywhere? The URL that I've
found has been down for too long.
How about a list of ongoing projects?
When is the next CP meeting?
"Just because a taste of freedom made you lose your lunch doesn't mean
it should be removed from the menu."

@_date: 1998-08-31 11:12:22
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: hola and good tidings 
I would suggest budgeting about $10k for some GOOD night vision
equipment, then find a good thick hedge and set up a suburban watch
post. Focus on evenings. You will find some activity on Oct 30 though
activity will peak on Oct 31. However, I would steer clear of the
targets because if you approach them, even if only for the purposes of
inquiry, their parents may loose the rottweilers or shoot you between
the eyes and no Second Chance vest will help you in either case.
BTW what areas will you be surveilling?

@_date: 1998-09-09 01:58:54
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: wired on y2k 
Water? Met a reactor designer from Los Alamos once who lived in some
super but isolated place in the Sangre De Christos. He had to drill some
3K ft for water. VERY EXPENSIVE. Ever seen the Peoples Broadcasting
Service piece about the "Cadillac Desert"? Water is just another utility
here. All automated.

@_date: 1998-09-09 23:39:21
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: radio net 
This is a very nice idea but tread carefully here. RF communications is
one area in which the no-domestic-crypto law IS established. The idea of
spies with shortwaves in their cigar boxes may seem hopelessly outdated
but I think the law still stands. Talk to some packet radio guys - I
think some have had trouble just sending unknown file formats. This was
a while back though - who knows - progress may have been made.

@_date: 1998-09-09 23:54:10
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Zooko on JYA, cpunks, and surveillance (was: Re: Can't tell the kooks without a scorecard? Re: Monkey Wrenching the Echelon Engine) 
Heard a good Jefferson quote on cpsan -
"Literalism is a hobgoblin of small minds" -Thomas Jefferson

@_date: 1998-09-10 11:20:58
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: radio net (fwd) 
Not that I've ever heard of. Besides, what's the difference between a
crypto telephone and a computer? None that is significant.
I suspect that the reason that there aren't any $99 cryptophones at
Wal-Mart is that there really is not a significant market. The average
person just doesn't care. And the consumer electronics business is so
competitive and cost-sensitive that adding cost as a matter of principle
is just not going to happen. Oh, I suppose it's possible that anyone
trying to introduce a product like this could run into LEA interference
- endless audits, supplier problems, FCC approvals, you name it but lack
of market is probably the simplest explanation.

@_date: 1998-09-10 11:38:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: oil, Re: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Can't wait.
I remember going to hear a Cornell geophysicist speak on this subject
about 17 years ago. The gist of his talk was that the porosity of the
mantle material had some unexpected variation vs. depth. This, along
with the nature of the natural gas fields in Louisiana and the content
profile of some oil reserves indicated a large amount of natural gas
reserves as part of the deeper structure. I don't know where this ever
went but it was pretty interesting at the time.

@_date: 1998-09-10 11:51:25
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Computer hard disc scanning by HM Customs & Excise 
The practice is as offensive as the KGB-like DWI roadblocks but don't be
so hasty to assume the long-term incompetence of the federales in any
country. If the interest in scanning PC's persists, or *dammit*
increases, there will be increased funding and somebody who is
technically capable will provide more sophisticated analysis tools.
Period. Better get used to it. I doubt the issue will just go away.
Design your CM accordingly.

@_date: 1998-09-10 14:34:37
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: oil, greens, recycling, and poly-ticks. 
Julia Child, when asked to what she owed her longevity, replied:
"RED MEAT AND GIN"
Anyone got a good recipe for a New Orleans style bourbon steak?

@_date: 1998-09-10 15:36:16
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Happy Fourth of July ( was : Re: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd)) 
Happy Fourth of July! and how did this thread start?
Actually these things are usually inverted so that the liquid is fed out
from the bottom so the hose probably won't act like a fuse.
until the liquid runs out and there is a combustible pathway into the
container. If you try this one could you get someone to videotape it
from a safe distance? It would make a great AVI for an 'anarchists on
the web' site.
At least mention nitrogen or helium. But COMPRESSED_AIR + GASOLINE? Are you one nut short of a matched pair? Gasoline scares the hell out of me. It should you.
You don't live anywhere near me do you?
You should try baking bread instead.
Don't you think this conversation should be continued on some AOL forum?

@_date: 1998-09-10 18:08:12
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Happy Fourth 
I'm -almost- ready to admit defeat and move on.
IMHO Marines burn just like the rest of us wimps. They just don't scream
as much.
AOED the biggest fire I've seen was the fire here in CA last month. 6-8
Million tires. Nobody had the balls to put that one out. At peak 1000X
your jet fuel deal. Scary. Very.
ISASI ( it sure as shit is ) if you're wearing it on your back. FYI 5 ounces mixed with compressed air in a metal container could easily
be fatal.
Yes, yes, PTMYT ( pleased to meet you too ).
Remember, shit draws flies. There'll just be more geniuses asking how to
make noncryptographic devices. I would enjoy some crypto-tech talk.
Found any cool primitive polynomials lately? Got a good block cipher
with a 4096 bit block size and an even bigger key space? Got some time
to donate to actually put together some good HW/SW systems?

@_date: 1998-09-11 11:35:53
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: radio net (fwd) 
Hi Bill,
I suppose we need more altruistic gestures placing good stuff into the
public domain.
The security is only between the handset and the base unit. Once the
signal hits the POTS it's the same old story - open line.
ALSO - the channels and the hopping sequence used in the
"spread-spectrum" systems are predefined. Kind of like making a stream
cipher with a very short bitstream you got from the government printing
orifice. Using any other sequence is a crime.
The real purpose of the spread spectrum phones is to allow increased
signal levels. The security is not robust.
Try this one:
Not particularly original - I would guess that Tim's 3DES phone is
something like this.
Wal Mart Plastics for the housing ( ever tooled plastics? $$$ )
Custom board
This will work very nicely at home or with any cell phone that has a
modem port. It's really nothing but a dedicated version of a PC based
PGP phone. It's just smaller and cheaper than a PC and has no MS DLLs on

@_date: 1998-09-11 18:32:39
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies 
It's worse than not impressive: it's PATHETIC. I thought we'd have 425
pages of real output relating to the last 6 years of "work" and 25 pages
of Monica. I'd rather finance $600 toilet seats and $1200 gold-plated
hammers with my tax money than Starr's brand of open political warfare.
It's simple, partisan, Rottweiler politics. The kind of stuff that makes
you leave your shoes outside the door when you get home at night.
I'd say hypocrisy is more of a hangin' offense, like horse thievin' or
cattle rustlin'. I seethe when I listen to an asshole like Arlin Spectre
or Jerry Falwell spouting off about Clinton. I'm no great fan of
Clinton's but the attackers in this particular shitstorm are lower than
pond scum. I can't wait till they crawl back to the cesspool they came

@_date: 1998-09-14 11:05:35
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies 
Nice point. But I guess I can't quite buy into it because I see no first order
differences between the Republocrats and the Demicans. The whole thing
looks to me like a redefinition of the rules of engagement in the same
old power struggle. Hardly Control vs. Kaos.

@_date: 1998-09-14 12:48:09
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: 023026.htm 
Pardon me if I'm a bit slow here but isn't this just a less
space-efficient form of key escrow? Shouldn't you keep the pad secret
and then trash it after use? And if a pad is distributed using a traditional encryption system isn't
the security of the "OTP" then the same as the method used to send it? Don't you need secret agents handcuffed to briefcases to distribute real

@_date: 1998-09-14 12:54:34
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: 
I think we should add separate keys to drivers licenses that authorize
one to purchase plumbing components, red meat, optical components,
electronics devices, ammo, porno...just add it to a 2D barcode. It would
not be any inconvenience at all.
It looks like to get any significant distance you would want substantial
power. Then a possible downfall would be "unsafe use of a laser." I
think this is what was used some years back when people started playing
around with laser eavesdropping devices. It makes no difference whether
or not the power levels or use are actually dangerous: in the minds of
most :
 LASER \
( Spectre + evil_conspiracy + guys_in_labcoats + flash_fried )
Call lots of optics guys who would show how misalignment could cause
stray reflections, eye specialists to talk about retinas etc...still a
good idea for *local* neighborhood. Have you got any specific info on
what is already commercially available? BTW - It would probably be easy to map one of these nets using an
appropriate imaging device because there would be a number of sources of
stray light. Turn on the right camera and the spiderweb shows up. I see
a plane going overhead at night, a little upwind, dispersing a fine,
*harmless* dust, storing away a few frames of data as the dust drifts
across the landscape...
You could easily cut a coax into the turf bewteen two houses. The
hardest thing to track or shut down would be a distributed system that
had some unpredictable bridges in it. Build a FrankenNet - sewn together
from all sorts of obscure pieces.

@_date: 1998-09-14 20:12:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: IP: A CLINTON DIRTY BOOK STORY 
I can think of several versions of this:
a. simple money and politics - company wants big $ deal, contributes to
right politicians. ( |$| > |USA| ) --> fast track for deal
b. round 2 of crypto-AG - they want to listen to the Chinese so they had
better be the equipment vendor. Who operates the satellites that the
Chinese radios use?
You might say that to meet US Intelligence needs the range of products
available outside the US should be minimized and those that are shipped
should come from companies that cooperate with the NSA. It makes some
*small* amount of sense but certainly plays hell with what an
entrepreneurial type might want to accomplish. Pretty unfair in that
regard. Especially since they have no visible control over
extraterritorial ventures anyway. Civilian interest and capability in
crypto must piss these guys off beyond belief. Stupid Constitution!

@_date: 1998-09-15 18:40:44
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Larry Gilbert, AOLers, and the Hyper-real flamer 
I went to a cypherpunks meeting in Mtn View last Saturday. I was
hesitant because I expected a multimedia, in-your-face version of the
list. Surprise!!! This crew is smart, experienced, rational and they are
actually working. Even though the topic of the day, IPSEC and secure
DNS, is not a technical area that I know or care to learn right now, I
was impressed. Night and day : list and meeting. When a project comes along that
interests me, I'm in. ps - I wish I could offer legal expertise or lots of money *when* the
Constitutional battle over domestic controls gets more direct.

@_date: 1998-09-15 18:53:18
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Democracy... 
Just look around the world to see what happens when those two get

@_date: 1998-09-16 14:09:53
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: US Updates Crypto Policy 
Considering that domestic controls are not discussed they are certainly
mentioning a lot of activities that sound like they would be taking
place here in the US. They also mention a wide range of LEAs that would
welcome domestic controls. Is this just a continuation of the attempt to control domestic use by
export policy?

@_date: 1998-09-16 14:05:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Democracy... 
Altruistic on the surface. Regarding religion though, why do I always
get the feeling that when implemented and empowered it is judgemental
and intolerant of those who do not fall properly in line?
All right Mr. Logic, you're so sharp, give me ONE example of a *moral*
We do: speed of light, mass of the electron, probably, but behavior? We
have behaviors that facilitate our persistance and propagation as a
species at ever increasing densities. Operating outside the boundaries
is neither right nor wrong, simply different. Not necessarily without
consequences, but simply different. Your yardstick is an hallucination
to which you cling to forlornly like a kitten clinging to a stick in a
raging river.
ps - is 'forlornly' really a word? I think so, but it looks odd today.

@_date: 1998-09-16 17:07:18
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Would Congress have been affected by the CDA? 
I suppose that allows them to enjoy the material under the guise of
saving the rest of us from it. Or maybe, just maybe, they want to punish
somebody because they are unable to partake of the feast without feeling
guilt strong enough to cause sphincter lockup.

@_date: 1998-09-16 20:58:36
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Gore, Others on Crypto Policy 
They sound too satisfied; as if they don't really need domestic controls
anymore. I see the references to Cisco and the promotion of GAK. I
choose "d) All of the above." Have they been hanging around Intel, Sun
and Microsoft lately?
I expect also that some key congresspeople have signed up. The recent
embassy events may have eased their minds about the Constitution. Isn't
this technique referred to as the "We'd have to kill you if we told you
but if only you knew what we know..." routine? We can expect some sort
of suspension-of-the-Bill-of-Rights-if-crypto-is-involved laws to begin
their journey next year. You're free to use any crypto you want to but
if we say 'give us the key' you'll be in jail until you do, 1st, 4th and
5th be damned. Isn't that more or less the case with controlled
Need a clean machine and an on-line machine now. Copper room. Sneakernet
between the two. What is 'TA'?
What is 'National Technical Means'?

@_date: 1998-09-18 14:00:28
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Mobile phone tracking, pagers, etc 
Tasty. Especially if one's partner in crime has taken the same
To the LEAs: technology giveth and technology taketh away.
BTW - do these phones have a modem connector? If not could one be added?
Then you get end-to-end privacy too.

@_date: 1998-09-18 14:42:03
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Scorched Earth 
Let's see, Starr's inquiries into Clinton sex life *could* be seen, by a
sympathetic onlooker, as a very elaborate trap which angered Clinton
sufficiently that he became careless and fell into it. This leads to the
resounding cries of "if he lied UNDER OATH about his *S*E*X* life what
ELSE is he lying to us about?" This is OK because the investigation was
carried out under a legal authority.
Meanwhile, back in Congress, the Republicans are decrying Hyde's
affair's disclosure as a horrible, unwarranted attack with the intent to
"intimidate and obstruct justice" and the Parties are trying to cover
their own asses by declaring a truce regarding smear campaigns and dirt
digging. So, this type of disclosure by civilians through a *free* press
is "wrong" and should be prevented.
Scorch on, I say. If they are afraid to have us dig into their
extramarital affairs what else are they hiding from us? Tobacco deals,
arms deals, kickbacks, pageboys? How deep is this dirt they're covering
The only downside is that after the shit has all fallen to earth the
only persons who will dare to run for office under the new rules of
engagement will be worse than what we have now even if they're
squeaky-clean from a morals perspective.

@_date: 1998-09-18 15:59:14
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Democracy... 
Flogging a dead horse may serve a purpose: the steaks that show up on
your grocer's shelves might be a bit more tender. I have not tried to
say that morals lack value, simply that they are not absolutes.
One person's Utopia is, invariably, another's Hell. Utopia is not
achievable. Many have tried. All have failed. All future attempts will
fail. Any system that fails to acknowledge this will be insufferable.
"Heaven, heaven is a place, a place where nothing, nothing ever happens"
-Talking Heads- (More Songs About Buildings and Food?)
PS : are you a Physicist?
This one deserves some reading but I suspect that 'not if you're the
Gamma = 1 --> Lorentzian = Newtonian. Gamma = 1 if you are the electron
being measured. It is still the same after it has been accelerated, it
just reads differently from the outside.

@_date: 1998-09-18 16:14:42
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Democracy... (fwd) The Nature of Religion 
Lots of scientists look pretty religious about their 'science' to me.
Their untestable assumption being that they are capable of comprehending
what may be beyond them. Try reading His Master's Voice' by Stanislaw
Lem: very nice piece of fiction.
I'm now an avowed Apatheist - I don't give a damn what the answers to
unanswerable questions are. Especially when those answers come from
someone with an obvious agenda. Is that religious? Put a worm on the hook, pop the top off my beer. Argh! It's Coors. I
only wish it were imaginary. If not Guiness, at least let it be a
Happy Friday,

@_date: 1998-09-18 17:25:04
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Questions for Magaziner? 
My gut feeling is that if a search turns up an encrypted file then, by
golly, what you see is what there is, make a bit-accurate copy and be on
your way, what's in my head belongs to me. But is that what the courts,
scared shitless of hordes of child molesters and terrorists conspiring
via secure e-mail and phones, will say? They'll probably avoid attacking the 1st and 4th( already weakened by
the war on drugs ) and attack the 5th with a 'greater good' argument and
the analogy of the locked safe. This requires an explanation of how the
stored documents are the modern-day .equivalent. of physical paper and
should be treated as such. It's only spitting distance from there to the
idea that a memorized key is the same as a physical key in which case
its owner doesn't enjoy the protections of the 5th. Hand it over Jack.
The law has to adapt to the changing technology. No need to outlaw
cryptography; just redefine the boundaries of the power to destroy.
Mike PS - How does a grant of limited immunity work?

@_date: 1998-09-18 18:54:20
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Democracy... (fwd) The Nature of Religion 
Don't know, don't trust anyone else's answer therefore don't really care
about the question. I'll contemplate it while sitting by the pool (
still at 88 degrees without a heater! ) after lots of margaritas. NYU, eh. Whether this is all real or I'm just a brain in a tank
somewhere playing every part and doing props too, I love the restaurant
hunting in The City. I can't take the population density for too many
days in a row but it's *great* for a visit. Crack dealers still
operating openly in WSP?

@_date: 1998-09-21 11:48:20
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
Completely illogical. Give me one good reason not to lead with your best
punch? I suspect Starr's work is voluminous but weak on all other counts
so he led with what would create the most publicity. I've said that I'm
no great fan of Clinton's but this entire investigation is blatantly
partisan and has brought the political process in this country about as
low as it is possible to bring it. Starr's base approach to justice is the opening shot of what I hope
turns into an all-out scorched-earth battle. Let 'em all fall down. I'm
just afraid that when it's over the only people who will be willing to
run for public office will be truly dangerous people who have no respect
for liberty not of their own definition.

@_date: 1998-09-21 12:05:07
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: This is a listed crime? 
Not in my book but look very carefully at INS law. It may have to do
with documentation generated during his admission to the country rather
than after. INS law, to a nonlawyer, looks like the Constitution can be
held at arm's length. Still sounds pretty shaky. After all, who
remembers everything? I can't even remember what I had for supper last
night no less the names of all the people I've worked with in the last
few years.

@_date: 1998-09-21 13:23:45
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: This is a listed crime? 
Not too long ago the New York State Court of Appeals struck down some
local ordinance outlawing public profanity stating that it was
unconstitutional. Looks like not all courts are enemies of the Bill of
Rights. Bottom line is that you can say 'Fuck You' in New York. That's
not to say that some tallboot won't abuse his power and crack your skull
or set you up if you dis him.
Perhaps you could deliberately mislead them without actually
representing the information as true. Would these disclaimers indicate
that the following information is not suitable for any purpose and that
the provider takes no responsibility for any confusion resulting from
the use of the information? Like a Microsoft software license. A
tail-light warranty for the spoken spam.
I heard that ...
I believe that ...
In my opinion ...
I'm not sure ...
I don't recall exactly ...
I think you should consider looking into ...
It is possible that ...
I thought that ...
What if ...
Didn't he once ...
Or use these:
I'm truly, truly sorry I can't help you. Would you like some more
Piss off.
Silence is allowed, 5th ammendment. Where in the BOR does it say that
this only applies under oath in a court of law?
Golly, can't lie under oath, can't lie not under oath. Can't just be
quiet. I guess they win. Justice prevails.

@_date: 1998-09-21 14:18:02
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Stego-empty hard drives... 
A freshly formatted partition has a fill value. Noise would indicate
that is is not fresh. This would not be proof that it contained
encrypted data but it would indicate some sort of use. Another layer: Then the partition would be arguably "in normal use" and it could get
tough to prove the nature of the unused space. You could even leave some
space filled with the format fill value. Not sure how to hide the app.
maybe as passphrased option in some innocuous custom application.
Accounting app?
The possibility of them taking a hash and saving it for later comparison
is a problem.
Just do a drive ID command and you can figure out how many logical
sectors are there. Add up the elements in the partition table and look
for a difference. Unused space -esp that filled with noise- is suspect. Just the existence of a "hidden" partition might might get the juices
It would be truly beautiful if you could alter the drive firmware to
identify itself as a 3Gb drive when it was actually a 5 Gb drive. Add
some kind of extended command to the drive that allowed you to
activate/deactivate the extended region at will. Without a password of
course, the additional command would just report the appropriate error.
Then just make sure you have an extra slot in the partition table to
address the extended region unless you want to write a low-level driver.
Any Quantum or Maxtor persons on the list?
Security requires hardware and software.

@_date: 1998-09-21 14:12:50
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies (fwd) 
In spite of their  shortcomings, many of today's politicians
in both parties seem to be fairly pragmatic, 'middle of the road' types.
If the only people who can pass muster under the emerging standards are
religous fundamentalists then we will have a Bill of Rights under attack
problem that is another order of magnitude greater than we have right
now. Scares me because while I'm pretty much a live and let live sort,
some of the fundamentalists I've known are not very tolerant.

@_date: 1998-09-21 14:25:22
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Chemical Analysis of Laptop strap. 
Just wait until you've had a cavity search and been grilled for four
hours because you fed Miracle-Gro to your prize peonies just before
leaving on your trip. It's pretend security. Feel-good stuff. Better to
do NMR of any large-volume object although the magnetic field migh fuck
up your drive.

@_date: 1998-09-24 11:46:42
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Additional drive/stego/tempest/customs NOIZE 
Dear Sir,
Sunder Wrote:
Through the *magic* of taxation and government contracts the opponents
you are so casually dismissing as dull-witted drones are your peers. So
unless you really are smarter than everyone else I would say that your
above statement is rash.
If the motivation to snoop is strong enough the resources will be put
into place by the current crop of ground-dwelling representatives and
any imaginable technology could be applied to the *problem*. I doubt in
this case, at this time, that the motivation is enough to pay for a
database of EMI analyses of PC bootups.
I found this one interesting: Our elected representatives probably believe this official-looking
analysis more than they do mere citizen's opinions.
I have LOTS of copper materials. I have a source for conductive paints.
Could you suggest a good source for ferrites in powder and tile form?
All this to insure my privacy whilst I compute in my own house! The
snoopers have, by their very existence, a chilling effect on speech.

@_date: 1998-09-01 10:08:04
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: BEWARE of SnakeOil (tm) 
I'm a bit surprised that I don't see quite as much concern expressed
about hardware. If security is the goal isn't HW part of the chain?
Yeah, yeah, I know, there was a blip a while ago about Intel chips, Microsoft kernels and keyboard snooping but it had a depressingly short
half-life. Seems to me it would be pretty easy to create rfi on a chip
and get products through FCC approval with NSA blessing. Hell, you could
probably put a good amount of FLASH on a chip and give the OS a nice
safe place to store snooped stuff. The security gaps that could be
created in an operating system are as numerous as scoundrels in
Literally true but we all know the analogy of borders and speedbumps...
Doesn't this seem to point to the need for products with a CP seal of
approval? HW/SW/Tools?
I think that in the secure communications world I would rather be a wolf
amongst sheep in wolfskins than a wolf in sheep's clothing. It would
reduce the chances of my hide being nailed to the barn door. What I'm
trying to say in a less than literate way is that the issue will only be
closed when there are $99 consumer products that implement secure

@_date: 1998-09-02 11:54:41
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks HyperArchive 
It has been moved. I still read it because even though I have subscribed to the list I do
not get all of the mail that appears in the hyperarchive. The list so
far seems to be only about 40 e-mails each day. Lots of it is easily
spotted junk mail.

@_date: 1998-10-02 14:30:06
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: US and Canadian Press Briefings 
The assurance that privacy is safe and sound is too consistently
followed by the promise of a workable compromise between personal
privacy and the 'legitimate needs of law enforcement.' I'm not a lawyer
but I don't see any middle ground that accomodates both. Either the 5th
ammendment stands or it falls. What exactly are they planning? They talk
as if the groundwork has already been done and it's merely a matter of
following through. Watch for some wierd stuff tied to a barley crop
subsidy or an EPA appropriation.
Are there other examples of this speech from overseas?
I can think of only one phrase suited to describe a state where the
civil liberties are defined by the police agencies.

@_date: 1998-10-06 06:18:20
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: odd comment 
Sounds like a potential urban legend or at least a misnaming of some
comprehensible system.
What are the techniques that could be used for detecting conventional
materials? I can't think of anything likely to work through a vehicle
panel on a highway at 65 mph. Doesn't mean there isn't such a system. I
guess a neutron counter or other radiation detector might be useful for
spotting the scary new  SUPERTERRORISTS.
If they have plastic windows they could be speed measurement devices.
I'd be interested in driving by some, are there some examples that are
closer to Pleasanton? You can always ask your highway department
representative - they might talk before thinking even if it's something
TOP SECRET.

@_date: 1998-10-06 09:11:29
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re : IP: Microchip implants to foil VIP kidnaps 
Where can I buy one of these things for my cat? My master password is
tatooed inside her upper lip.
This brand new GPS system works through a metal barrier?
For transport just tuck the subject in the back of an aluminum cargo
truck and for long-term storage use a metal wharehouse. Contrary to
popular belief there is not a technical solution for every problem. How
about -well-paid- bodyguards?
Ask an engineer to solve a problem you get Tom Swift and his amazing
electrogenerating geodetector.
Ask a politician to solve a problem you get a law.
Ask a doctor to solve a problem and he'll either cut or medicate.
Ask a soldier to solve a problem...
And so on...
I suppose ridiculous solutions are fine as long as they make money or
fame for someone.

@_date: 1998-10-09 01:22:57
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re : Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore? 
This stuff has been on and off the list for quite some time now. I think
the general opinion is that you cannot trust any software that does not
come with full source code. Especially operating systems ( read :
Windows ).
Furthermore, hardware could be untrustworthy. As an example of the latter just imagine a keyboard chip that takes the
serial data signal, ANDs it with the clock and runs the current-limited
output through a metal loop on the die or couples it to an outside trace
that is not likely to be filtered. Instant keyboard transmitter. Short
range but probably usable. Try it outside the chip, I'll bet an old AM
radio will pick it up pretty well. If you have better receivers try 1x,
3x, 5x ... clock carrier frequencies.
What sort of other things would you design into an OS or a CPU or
peripheral chips if you wanted to snoop? Let the OS do the keysnoop for
you and send it off through the network? Keystrokes seem like the
obvious choice because they are low-bandwidth and have a high
information content but someone who's smarter can probably think of all
kinds of other stuff to send. ls -al > G-buddy. You know, keystrokes are
so low in bandwidth that I bet a receiver/recorder could be placed on
your premises, say behind an outlet for power, and checked
surreptitiously only when needed - how long would it take you to fill a
1Gb drive from your keyboard?
I don't think that there can be real security unless you use embedded
systems ( unknown to the OS and Host HW ) for critical roles and
maintain two machines - one clean in a cage, the other on-line and
without any sensitive information. Use sneakernet between the two using
media that you can readily analyse.
If I can think up a feasible method to do something in 5 minutes it was
probably already done a long time ago and the people who do this stuff
full-time have probably taken the field to amazing heights. They seem to
be able to get cooperation from commercial companies too.
Snooping probably won't be done wholesale, too expensive in terms of
manpower, and I don't know anyone who needs real security but, in
principle, everyone should have it.
Crypto AG: The NSA's Trojan Whore?
Are people familiar with this document?
Why shouldn't NSA have implanted this kind of back-doors
in various software and operating systems as well?
It seems to have worked so very well in the past.

@_date: 1998-10-09 07:30:52
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Something else about 'freedom'... 
My suspicion is that this sort of opportunity is *exactly* what they
want. Then *they* get to be the ones using force for coercive ends.
Isn't this the "kill the unbelievers" scenario? Old and revered
behavior. Tribal. Elemental.
I don't think 'freedom' means 'anarchy.' Nor does 'anarchy' necessarily mean 'violent lawlessness.' And 'rule of law' does not mean 'safety and security.' As strong as the need for order is, so is the need for chaos. Remove
either and we lose. I think freedom comes from order and knowing what to do with that
freedom comes from chaos. No worries, no thoughts or you can't really enjoy an evening martini if
you drink forty-two of them.

@_date: 1998-10-10 02:18:21
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Something else... 
I was thinking more along the lines of : an animal that has literal
freedom spends 99.9% of its time looking for food and avoiding
predators. The order we impose upon our lives by being social animals
give us a more satisfying type of freedom that is derived from leisure. What I see as the real problem is that as the degree of order is
increased the society becomes more like an anthill. Which I consider the
perfect example of a bioengineered police state. Kind of what corporate
America would like all of us citizens to be - predictable controllable
unquestioning undeviating uncreative underthethumb consumer units. A key
means to this end is eliminating cash and privacy. It's no here yet but
it's in process. I don't think it's a conspiratorial effort either -
it's more the result of widespread bad behavior. I'm rather stunned at
the blatant disregard our representatives display for the basic
liberties the moment these liberties seem inconvenient.
Don't trust your HW or your SW. There are soldier ant footprints

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:21:14
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: RE: DNA 
I'm not a biochemist but I don't think that this is accurate right now.
I think modern DNA analysis yields data that bear more resemblance to a
spectrum than anything else. In this case there is always a good
possibility for error. Remember how large a project the Human Genome
thing is? That is an actual sequencing project.
Rather than use this technology for law enforcement why not really try
to make a Tyrannosaurus? That would seem to be a higher use.
When this new FBI project gets established just watch how wide a net
they cast when defining who will be compelled to submit a sample!
Then we'll have some crooked fuck selling info to the insurance
companies. Or it will be legislated by the other crooked fucks.
And pattern analysis will identify the guilty before they even think
about committing an offense. Hell, they'll probably be able to ID the bad ones from samples
coerced/stolen at birth and then all future opportunity and resource
allocation will be effectively decided by the government, inc.
Compromise? If this thing is not implemented with strict controls
defining the type of offenses included then it is as offensive a
totalitarian tool as anything else discussed on this list
Is there perhaps a good point to getting everybody in the country on
this DNA database? Could it be that a single sample of DNA can be used
to produce a large supply of that DNA which could then be used to
fabricate evidence? You might say that the existence of the fabrication
technology and the availability of seed material invalidates the

@_date: 1998-10-20 03:46:37
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: RE: IP: Fwd: Evaluation of Vehicle Stopping Prototype ("Kill Switch") 
These ideas have been around for more than a few years. In the past year
or so I've seen two systems on Discovery Channel. One was a flat strip
that was unrolled across the road and generated some ESD when the car
crossed it. The other one was a cockamamie toy rocket car that would be
deployed by the pursuing car and run under the pursued. They say it
shows promise.
These things are fine. It would probably require small effort to devise
effective CM. The project solicitation is pretty nasty however: they
very casually talk about high energy RF. I would say pointing that crap
at anyone would come under "reckless endangerment". I miss the days of mechanical ignition points and carbureters!
BTW - Did you see the bullshit that happened up in Vallejo? Cops sent a
dog into a culvert after a suspect. The suspect shot and killed the dog.
The police had a full-fledged funeral, casket and all for the fucking
dog. Flowers all over he place, mourners. Now they're buying goddamned
kevlar vests for their dogs. Fuckheads. Who's the citizen? The human or
the dog?
As for the suspect he's charged with something for killing the dog.
Simple destruction of property, which would be a charge befitting the
act, is probably not enough to avenge beloved Bowser's death. Because
it's a cop-dog-on-duty the penalty is probably more than restitution and
some community service. Jail time for defending yourself against an
attack dog?
I think maybe our society is suffering from a form of mass insanity
induced by the fucking television programming. LE seem to think they're
John Wayne or Steven Segal. They actually believe the brain-dead, binary
morality of pop fiction. Us vs Them, Good-guys vs. Bad-guys, Human vs.
Non-human. The lack of perspective is mind-blowing.

@_date: 1998-10-22 01:26:55
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: RE: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
The toys are just getting too easy to deploy. Imaging, compression,
networking, mass storage etc...Fucking engineers, oops!
A few fronts: Political - this is the preferable way of dealing with this crap but
also the most disturbing because many of those in power seem to think
snooping is a wonderful idea. Tough to convince them that a little
uncertainty is a *good* thing.
Briefcase-sized EMP - fun idea but I don't know how to make it workable.
HV generator on the end of a stick - not too tough.
High power LASER to burn out CCDs - buy anonymously, nice, works from a
safe distance.
What's needed are moles to leak detailed info on systems as they're
planned and installed. Then it would be easy to determine the weak
points. If each camera had to be guarded there would be a *huge* problem
just keeping the systems alive.

@_date: 1998-10-23 01:38:47
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: PRNGs and testers. 
I found Bruce Schneier's paper on PRNGs at somewhat eye-opening.

@_date: 1998-10-23 03:49:45
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: RE: RE: IP: Fwd: Evaluation of Vehicle Stopping Prototype ("Kill Switch") 
Like it or not our society needs a police force. They have a dangerous
and difficult job and I would never contend that the they should risk
their lives unnecessarily. Furthermore, the 'suspect's' behavior is not
defensible. But anyone who classifies a DOG as a HUMAN is DANGEROUS to
other humans.
That's FUCKING NUTS. Take the word manslaughter apart.
int Screwball_Disney_Justice( int victim ){
    int penalty;
    switch ( victim ){         case DOG :
        case MAN :
    	    penalty = ( MAX_PENALTY | BANKRUPTCY );
        default : // covers consentual violations
            penalty = BANKRUPTCY;
            break;
    }
    return penalty;
There are so many damn laws that anyone can be destroyed whenever the
powers that be decide they're inconvenient. So you think a human should
go to the gas chamber for killing a dog? Has the constitutionality of
this been tested in any recent cases? What about the punishment fitting
the crime? A few thousand bucks for a dog vs. a human life?
I like animals and I think they should be treated with some respect but
they are not people. My opinion of the incident was formed by the
treating of a dog as human and the human as animal. BTW - what is your opinion of recent proposed laws banning the use of
horses and dogs as food? A) Common sense.
B) How could you eat such nice, smart animals?
C) Tyranny of the Disneyfied majority.
D) Total Bullshit.
E) Both C and D.
IMHO - E.
What about cockfights? It usually lasts about 5-15 seconds and the loser
becomes lunch. There is no *significant* difference between buying the
chicken at the grocery and a cockfight. If you say that the difference
is one of enjoying the violence - grow up. Just because the violence on
the grocery store shelf is individually wrapped for your convenience
doesn't alter its nature.
Maybe we need a new law - a license to eat meat. Anyone who doesn't go
through a course on killing their own meat should not be issued a
carnivore permit with different stamps for different animal foods.
Before you write the rant off as rambling crap the theme is - moronic
personification and lack of perspective.
Fuck Walt Disney - Because he's been fucking with our heads for decades. Every girl a
princess, every boy a prince, every creature a human soul trapped in an
animal's body.
rant, rant, rant...

@_date: 1998-10-27 04:22:39
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Rendering ( was MIB Subponeas ) 
I'm all for reducing the risk of violence but...
Interest, capacity and willingness are insufficient when taken alone.
Collecting real names and addresses is, apparently, enough of a concrete
step to at least begin the "rendering" process. Through rendering we can provide many useful by-products including
fertilizer, soap, glue and a horrible stink downwind from the plant.
If an AP bot were renamed, for instance, a Collectively Rewarded Action
Program would it be as obvious a target? One could then post Action
Items and Action Rewards to it anonymously. Everything from cleaning the
litter off Rt 680 in Fremont to hosing Monsanto ( the foul-milk,
press-squashing, poison-cow BST boys ). Then what would be needed is
some sort of Eternity Service for an active server - detect tampering
and jump hosts.

@_date: 1998-10-27 04:21:43
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Word choice 
Hunt all you want. The post-revolution utopia will be administered by
persons of the same mentality as those we have administering our
Democratic Republic now. They will use the same if not more advanced
techniques to acquire and maintain power. "Nature abhors a vacuum",

@_date: 1998-10-27 04:28:03
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Cameras in Public Places 
These early systems have got to have some major problems. The appropriate way of dealing with them is to wait for some people to
be misidentified and then file suit against the municipality using the
equipment. Harassment, false arrest, invasion of privacy, abuse of
power, loss of reputation, loss of the ability to earn a living - take a
few of the cities for $10 or $20 million and they'll get the message
that they've been had by the SW vendors.
However much I like technology, it looks more and more like politics is
king. For now.

@_date: 1998-10-27 07:52:38
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Rendering ( was MIB Subponeas ) 
(Mr/Mrs/Ms) Hack,
Many thanks in advance for your generous and gracious assistance.
Please tell me where I've headed off the proper path.
Without having read any detailed descriptions I thought an AP bot might
do the following :
Form a token pool associated with some desired event.
Accept tokens from any source into that pool.
Transfer the entire pool of tokens to the entity that could demonstrate
foreknowledge of significant details of the actual event outcome.
Couldn't this be more general than just AP? Generalized it could be used
for any collectively rewarded effort but its main application looks like
anonymous conspiracy. This may be good, maybe not. What I was wondering
was if in a very generalized form the server might be "innocent," a mere
public bulletin board.
Also, couldn't a server like this be implemented as a distributed system
that could survive the destruction of some fraction of its body?
Again, I apologize for being slow but I do try.

@_date: 1998-10-28 07:10:41
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: No Subject 
Yup, I did my 100hrs of Physics, Chemistry and Math too. I like the way
the 'vacuum' behaves near very hi-Z nuclei.
And I find this very difficult to believe. Interesting that you use 'numbingly' to describe leprosy; it shows an
understanding of the nature of the infection. Be careful if you swim in
the freshwater streams in Hawaii. Better not have any cuts or abrasions!
More interesting, though, is this: why would a block cipher use key bits
rather than an LFSR to do input or output whitening? Is it strictly a
performance issue? Is it proven that doing this doesn't leak key bits in
some way?

@_date: 1998-10-29 06:18:46
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: No Subject 
OK. But if used prior to another cipher wouldn't it substantially
complicate the job of, say, looking for English letter distributions in
a test decryption?
I like the other explanation of the hash isolating the key bits from the
whitening operation and adequately serving the same purpose as another
Expensive how? In terms of CPU time?
What alternative makes traditional block ciphers obsolete?

@_date: 1998-10-29 06:22:17
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: personal tracking 
There was an SBIR solicitation for an amusing version of this several
years ago. They ( army? ) wanted a robotic version that would detect and
'affix' itself to the target. Probably been built already. I can see
them now : popping out of the ground like bouncing bettys, dropping from
trees like mountain lions, crawling up your leg like disease-carrying
ticks...each one with its own address and destruct code.
Connection to crypto - secure communications probably.
TITLE: Tracking and Reporting System (TRS)
OBJECTIVE: To conceive, design, implement, and develop a small
(vest-pocket-size) satellite transceiver that can be overtly (and
covertly) affixed to personnel, vehicles, or goods in transit for the
purpose of tracking and position reporting of the host.      Prev by Date: 1999 U$ budget for facial recognition      Next by Date: airline id      Prev by thread: 1999 U$ budget for facial recognition      Next by thread: airline id      Index(es):           Date           Thread

@_date: 1998-11-03 03:03:37
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: TEMPEST laptops 
A long time ago I ran thermal measurement boards on a piece of equipment
in liquid He under vacuum. Pretty icy. I used only standard components. My question is this - anyone know of any estimates of how weak a signal
could be detected and actually rendered into useful information? The relevance of the low-T stuff is that it seems like a nice way to
make low-noise receiving equipment. With an estimate of the capabilities
of the receiver (  and commonplace-lN2 temps ) you could then
address the emissions of the laptop with reasonable, quantitative target
levels. Sort of reverse engineer the TEMPEST specs as it were. It would be nice to know what needed to be done to reduce emissions to
the point that you could be fairly sure that an eavesdropper had to park
on your doorstep to make his equipment work.
Since they don't have anything to hide, why should they worry? Argh.
ergo - if they're hiding something they are guilty of something. Bust
the doors down boys.

@_date: 1998-11-03 12:36:34
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: dbts: Lions and TEMPESTs and Black Helicopters (Oh, My!) 
By and large I agree with you, the fears of TotalControl(tm) are largely
unfounded. Abuses do exist. Always have.
These unregulated virtual economies need to conduct trade with
ActualPhysicalSpace. The interface is where the control will be exerted.
If you can't safely convert your LibertE$ to physical goods their value
will be quite low. Participation will be limited.
Also, as the TaxAorta becomes occluded the TaxDoctors will have to
devote more energy and use more drastic methods to keep the flow going.

@_date: 1998-11-05 01:48:38
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: ?Lions? 
"Notice a few things about the mechanics of the model. First, everyone
who puts money onto the net, or takes it off, is identified to the
complete satisfaction of government
     regulators everywhere. Digital bearer cash is treated just like
physical cash in the eyes of regulators, and is subject to the same
regulations. There is no functional
     difference between a digital cash underwriter and an ATM machine."
It is the financial foundation for a cyber world where regulators will
probably have a great deal of trouble operating. They may have no choice
but to settle for taking their cut at the borders.
I still see many of the same old problems when attempting to trade hard
goods, at least in large quantities. The problem of having to explain
how you came by a 6000 sqare foot home on 100 acres of mountainside in
Lake Pacid is not solved. It's not a total solution but it looks good.
It could be a great way to save for retirement - nobody can tell how
much E$ you have accumulated, where it came from or where you keep it.
Just draw it out as you need it, pay your taxes at the gate and use the
5th when necessary.

@_date: 1998-11-06 02:03:17
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: TEMPEST laptops (fwd) 
True, the point I'm trying to make to you folks is that it *ISN'T* the
absolute level of the signal that you are necessarily concerned with but
rather the dynamic range in that signal. Simply knowing there's a 3mV
out there won't do you a damn bit of good unless you have enough signal
to decode the contents. In actuality you could be emitting GW's of
signal and
if there was only say 1uV of signal range you'd never get anything off
The distinction you are trying to express is that not all signals have
equal information content and that it is the levels of the high-content
ones that matter. Fine, but shielding is indiscriminate so shield away.
And run your Tesla coil and some Ramones music to increase the ambient
noise while you're doing sensitive computing.
BTW - Aren't most receivers sensitive to RF field strengths in the 1
uV/m range? With cryogenically cooled front ends the nV/m range is probably usable.
Look for MIB carrying Dewars in your neighborhood! How cold do Peltier junctions get? Probably good enough for a sidewinder or a low-noise rcvr.
Gabba-gabba hey!

@_date: 1998-11-06 04:10:47
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: How to test *your* microwave oven distribution pattern. 
you said...
If you do decide to stake your laptop as refered above there are a few
things to know....
 -      Make sure the stake is in suitable ground without lots of quartz
        and other similar peizo-electric materials.
 -      The stake should extend at least 3ft. into the ground.
 -      When the stake is driven in, the ground should be thoroughly
        which usualy means quite a bit of water (30 gals or so should do
        it), if possible wet it over a 24 hour period prior to staking.
 -      Make sure the stake and the cable leading to the laptop are
        (or silver if you're rich)
 -      You don't want to be close to phone, power, and other sorts of
        underground utilities.
Please explain to me why it matters that the box be grounded!
Radiated energy from chips and traces is independent of your mongo
ground strap to the mother ship. All the strap does is alter the DC
potential. Shield your box well but design out the leg irons and the
geological requirements.

@_date: 1998-11-06 06:44:32
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Now where am I gonna get a good horseburger? 
In CA it is now a felony to eat a horse. I don't remember asking to be
transported to Walt Disney World...wait 'til someone other than Gary
Larson anthropomorphises the chicken, cow and pig!
On a lighter, more technical note - Avoiding carefully, for the moment, Harvey Rook's statement that
weaknesses in cipher systems often lie in key generation and management
and not in the crypto algorithms, I'll ask a few -naive- questions:
If we construct a CSPRNG with a ?sufficiently? large state and then use
the output of that PRNG to generate a new key for each block encrypted
by a standard block cipher have we gained anything? Large files vs.
small? When used with triple encryption like 3DES? The ROI for finding a
single key is certainly much lower if the PRNG is "good".
I've never seen a PR keystream for a conventional block cipher discussed
so I thought I'd lob it out there.

@_date: 1998-11-06 08:08:48
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Grounding 
I really have to disagree about shielding and leakage.
Electricity runs from a high-potential point to ground. If it isn't
it radiates away into space where it can be detected. If the Faraday
isn't grounded it simply acts as a parasitic oscillator and re-emits the
signal from inside, though at a lower amplitude. Remember, charge rests
the *OUTSIDE* of a object so that any charge picked up internaly gets
to the outside surface.
Consider a battery-powered spark gap inside a copper box. Lots of
beautiful wideband noise. I refuse to ground my copper box. I'm going to
suspend it from a weather balloon over Menwith Hill. The solutions to the wave equation inside the cavity have a real part ~0
in the exponent. The boundary condition at the inside surface of the
copper box splices together the solutions in the cavity and inside the
conductor. Which solutions, BTW, have a real component that is non-zero
so the waves are of exponentially decreasing amplitude the further into
the Cu you go ( skin depth, power loss ). At the inside boundary, the higher the conductivity the smaller the E
field at the surface, the shallower the skin depth and the more power is
reflected with less loss.
The amplitude of the internal Cu ( exponentially decreasing ) solutions
at the outside surface determines the extent to which the wave leaks out
because the solution is imaginary again outside. If it helps, the solution looks like the Schroedinger equation solution
for a particle in a potential well when at least one boundary is a
region of finite potential.
Leakage has nothing to do with being grounded since the wave can be
generated without the total charge residing on the surface of the box (
DC potential ) changing at all. What's there just moves around a little,
that's all.
I don't think it takes a whole lot of copper to do the job: the skin
depth is pretty small. A copper screen behaves much like the copper
sheet execept that it deviates as the wavelengths become closer to the
dimensions of the holes. You might say that the resistivity increases
with frequency. It leaks more.
The 1st rule of electrons:
 They always take the shortest path to ground.
 If they can't get to ground they radiate their excess energy away as
 photons.
Oh, for crying out loud! Where did this stuff come from?
I prefer the three laws of thermodynamics in layman's terms:
i)   You can't get something for nothing
ii)  The best you can do is break even
iii) You can't even do that
Works for my checking account too.
BTW - I'm still at a loss to understand what the geology has to do with
RF shielding. Chaff, I think.
BTW^2 - The more conductive the TARMAC the more clutter you'll get
because it will be a better reflector. Ground or not. The incident waves
*don't care*.

@_date: 1998-11-06 08:58:07
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: How to test *your* microwave oven distribution pattern. 
Wrong metaphor for RF energy. It's not water. A ground is not a storm
Imagine two conductive spheres ( earth and moon ? ) and an RF generator
in a box sitting *peacefully* in space. Classical 3-body problem. The DC
potential that exists between any of them has absolutley no effect on a
wave travelling anywhere ( unless you want to get into the topic of
nonlinear materials ). So forget about everything in the scene except
that generator in the box. Shielding consists solely of preventing the
wave from getting out of the box into free space where it can be
detected. There is nothing special about *any* of the DC references.
Earth may be special ( source of women and beer ) but not to a wave.
Besides, chaining my laptop to a giant copper spike in a geologically
suitable region is out of the question. Just shielding it would make an
already heavy ThinkPad into a main battle tank.

@_date: 1998-11-07 08:11:27
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Grounding (fwd) 
I can see that I'll have to give up soon.
It's not a question of a Schroedingers Wave Equation, it's a question of
Maxwell's Equations. Yeah I've got my old copy of Jackson. MTW too, for all the good it did
me. Maxwell's equations can be used to form a wave equation too. I only
bring up the Schroedinger equation because the solutions to simple
particle-in-a-box examples are easy to generate and easy to visualize.
Anyone who even began a decent Physics program should have done many of
these. The probability function for the Quantum example *looks like* the
amplitude for the EM example...analogy is a good tool.
What conductor? The shell is equipotential unless you're trying to play
games with me so there follows there can be no current flow through it
except radialy to the outside of the sphere.
DC, Yes. AC, things are happening.
To solve the diffeq's for an EM wave incident on a conducting surface
you have to make the solutions !inside! the conductor match the
solutions outside the conductor. Only if the conductor is *perfect* does
your assumption of nothing going on inside the conductor make sense.
BTW - the skin depth for Cu at 100MHz is about 0.00026". The skin depth
is proportional to f^(-0.5).
In brief, here's what happens to the wave incident on a copper sheet:
Wave is incident on surface
Most of the wave is reflected
  the better the conductor, the more is reflected
the portion that is not reflected is attenuated in the conductor ( loss
any amplitude on the other surface of the sheet radiates energy.
It should be obvious that, if the conductor is good, there will be very
little amplititude inside the conductor, low loss reflection. Further,
that 4 mils of Cu should provide ~80 dB loss in even the tiny amount
that is not reflected at the inner surface. At 100MHz. I haven't solved
this system for many years and I'm not inclined to go back to it now.
Take my word for it : a little RF can get through a copper sheet but
only a *very* little. It's the finite conductivity that alters the
simple scenario.
Let's walk through it using your model....
The spark gap generates sparks and that builds up free electrons in the
space inside the sphere (whether it is gas filled or a vacuum is
irrelevant). As that charge builds up it will be all of one type,
Now the electrons repel each other and therefor move in a circular
with the spark gap as the center. They strike the surface of the sphere
tunnel through to the outside surface where they reside. The amount of
charge at any one point is related to the curvature of the surface at
point. Since a sphere is constant curvature the charge will be evenly
distributed. It will continue to build up so long as you supply power to
spark gap. In an ideal world it will get bigger and bigger. In the real
world at some point insulation breaks down and normal current flow takes
Forget all this, this patchwork of pieces doesn't hold together as a
description of the physical problem. If it helps, forget about the spark
gap. Waves waves waves. Start with a wave packet in the box. Don't worry
about how it got there. Worry about keeping it there.
Best regards Jim,

@_date: 1998-11-10 08:41:36
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Grounding (last slice of spam?) 
Sorry for prolonging the agony - I was hoping, in vain, for an admission
of guilt.
Lion taming is contraindicated, a career of public service is
And this...
takes me on a trip with Mr. Peabody and Sherman to the place where the
Huskies go...
Was my question about cycling the keys for a block cipher a *useless*
one or did the bit about horses offend? Horses are OK, sort of. In their
own way. On someone else's nickel.
Snowcone, anyone?

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:14:54
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re:  IP: NSA Threatens To "OUT" Republicans Over Hubbell Investigation 
Oh, I suppose so. Part of the Yet Another Conspiracy Conspiracy Theory.
1) The people who run NSA are powerful people in their own right. I
would be surprised if they could be easily made into a simple political
2) If there is ONE country in the world that the US would like to set up
for another "Crypto-AG", another "Softwar"( ok early computer spy story
I read long ago ), which country might that be? And why might NSA not
want media attention? Could it be that someone spoke before thinking?
Ready, fire, aim. That's why I don't go into the woods during deer
It would be damn nifty to be able to snoop ( and override ) the target
country's police and military communications networks and air traffic
systems wouldn't it? Now they're wise before we've got'em mainlining our
Newt Gingrich - There are some good people in the Republican party. Newt
is not one of them. Good riddance to bad rubbish. The seemingly crazy Clinton policy shows our President to be
crazy like a fox.  Clinton did what Pollard and Walker could not
do.  President Clinton sold national security secrets for cash
by writing his own legal waivers.  Clinton's secret crypto policy served to line the pockets of
politicians and greedy corporate executives with red money.  The
Clinton export policy has significantly upgraded the nuclear
strategic and tactical firepower of the Chinese Army.  Clinton,
like Walker and Pollard, sold military code secrets for cash.
America knows more about AREA-51 and UFOs than Ft. Meade and
Webster Hubbell.  Bill Clinton and his China crypto-tale will
never be declassified for the American people.  The Clinton
scandal cover-up is backed by the NSA library of greatest
intercepts against Republicans.

@_date: 1998-11-10 10:44:40
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Advanced Nuclear-Hardened Encryption Technology 
advanced(1) - we fucked up so we have to classify it so nobody but us
boobs will know what boobs we are
advanced(2) - last year's obsolete model in a new suit to fit this
year's corruption conspiracy
advanced(3) - we wish we had this but we're going to hint that we do
anyway to keep'em guessing
nuclear-hardened(1) - bikini glass ( not applicable )
nuclear-hardened(2) - a pencil
encryption technology - a copy of Gideon's and some stationary from the
Beijing Hilton

@_date: 1998-11-11 07:26:37
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Off Topic But Truly Beautiful 
I didn't think of this before but add together bees, wind and rampant
tree sex and this stuff will definitely spread. It could even become a
bit of a "problem".
The people who have packets of seeds should distribute those quickly to
friends before the buggerers get the mailing list and start confiscating
BTW - I believe that citrus hybridize freely, rather like mentha in that
Wild and cool. I think he should do apples next. Then strawberries.
Peaches. Beans. A whole fucking farmer's market.

@_date: 1998-11-14 02:31:43
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: IP: ISPI Clips 6.28: Wiretapping Internet Phone Lines 
This little phone looks nice with one gotcha: they left out encryption. Did they do this just to sell internationally and avoid the privacy
issue altogether?
Considering how the product is constructed, adding encryption would not
be a major step.
Not all companies are complaining about CALEA.
Aplio [  ] CEO Olivier Zitoun believes his
products fall into the FCC's definition of computer-to-computer IP
telephony. Aplio sells boxes that can be plugged into normal touch-tone
phones and used to call an Internet provider, which routes calls over
"We are very different than other phone-to-phone devices or solutions,"
Zitoun said. "In a way, the discussion of IP-telephony regulation
really apply to us."

@_date: 1998-11-14 05:27:15
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Info Age Crime Terror and War 
The 1st - encrypted communications are speech.
The 4th - plaintext that has been encrypted cannot be "found."
The 5th - If your password is memorized then the only way to produce it
is as a witness against yourself. So much for the layman's view. What is the current legal thinking and,
more importantly, the relevant legal precedents? Aren't they ( LE )
making a bit of a leap when they say that the Constitution defines
access to information not just items? It looks like the only way to
achieve the information access they want is through modification of the
There is often a right-leaning political flavor to the CP list but isn't
it such right-wingers as Rhenquist and Starr who invented the various
forms of immunity that already can be used to subvert the 5th?
Now they are trying to establish the legal equivalence of the physical
and the virtual. I wish Kyle et al well in their fight against legions
of terrorists but I hope that they have an impossible battle ahead of
them when it comes to downgrading the Bill of Rights. Besides, more than
wanting to protect us little lambs from terrorists, I think they
recognize the degree to which technology is changing the world and are
trying to resist the power shifts that are likely. The other reasons
they give are mostly chaff.

@_date: 1998-11-17 09:23:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Non Explosive Weapons 
NEW is such a goddamned brilliant acronym.
Now I'll get in trouble if I start making *major cojones capacitors*.
Mineral oil will become a controlled substance if possessed in
quantities greater than 1/2 pt or used in any manner other than that
described on the label. Vacuum pumps will be contraband. Like ROM
Tune in next week when: ((( A == B ) && ( A != B )) == TRUE ) or how to
babble BULLSHIT from a position of power. Either dangerous or stupid.
Who pays his weekly check?
I can't help but think that these guys are just looking for a new "main
gig in life" that lets them shorten the commute between home and the war
zone. Why don't they go start a war somewhere else?
Here are some amusing sites - Yet another infrastructure system getting ready for the hackers. Won't
even be able to trust traffic lights soon. Yet another excuse for
insurance rate changes.
I guess I'd prefer automation with fewer features but better reliability
and security to soldiers in the streets. No luck there though, too
practical, it would be too inexpensive and what would we do with all
those soldiers?
The Danzig's Dictionary
good      == bad
there     == here
imaginary == real
speech    == threat
thought   == terrorism
civilian  == suspect
suspect   == convict
yours     == ours
ours      == mine
mine      == mineallmine
Not up to Bierce specs, sadly

@_date: 1998-11-21 03:45:14
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Digital cockroaches, 5 IP's per body by 2000 [CNN] 
This is just blue sky space cadet baby wish babble. AKA : typical
marketing spew. The kind of thing you can engage in when your house is
paid off, your bank account is flush and you have a golden parachute.
Why would I voluntarily wear five independent tracking devices? So Louis
Freeh can do telemetry and administer electroshock from Windows 2000?
Move the bars closer, baby, I just love a cage. Please, yes I'll pay,
just squeeze me.
Everybody is trying to be the master of tomorrow's slave. ( phrase not
my own )
Just say NO,
*All of the smell and none of the fertilizer, not even good for growing
Anyone know a URL for Starion nee Comsec( 3DES telephones ) ?

@_date: 1998-11-26 02:15:17
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: [ISN] Feds Want Banks to Spy on All Customers...Even You! (fwd) 
I spotted the *rhetorical* steel case in the first note.
The disturbing thing here is the requirement to report deviations from a
pattern. That is where it becomes a NaziReptilianProctoscope$ystem. It's
my fucking money, I can do whatever the fuck I want with it, whenever
the fuck I want to. I wish those fuckers would look at the Fourth
Amendment. The structuring stuff looks like it could get pretty wierd: how I move
my money should not matter but maybe it does.
Why do reptiles have such a bad name? Some of my favorite politicians
are reptiles. BTW - the FDIC site state that there is no statutory requirement for a
'Know Your Customer' system. You could also say that they are not
interested in little guys, that they need this stuff to do their job,
but if the laws are written so that anyone can be targeted without a
warrant then there is a *big* problem. Especially worrisome is automated
pattern analysis without a warrant - a violation of the 4th.
So, what are the alternatives to keeping your money in a standard
financial institution? Seems to me that keeping it at home is pretty risky - eventually some
low-life will figure it out and then you'll have to choose between your
cash and your left nut.
Keeping it all tied up in goods is not any bargain either. A small
fraction perhaps...
Pardon the formatting - it's straight from the .gov.
"Know>  "
                  Policy
                  One of the most important, if not the most important
means by which financial
                  institutions can hope to avoid criminal exposure to
the institution from customers who
                  use the resources of the institution for illicit
purposes is to have a clear and concise
                  understanding of each customer's practices. The
adoption of " " guidelines or procedures by financial
institutions has proven extremely
                  effective in detecting suspicious activity by
customers of the institution in a timely
                  manner.                   Even though not required by regulation or statute, it
is imperative that financial
                  institutions adopt "  "
guidelines or procedures to enable
                  the immediate detection and identification of
suspicious activity at the institution. The
                  concept of "  " is, by design,
not explicitly defined so
                  that each institution can adopt procedures best suited
for its own operations. An
                  effective "  " policy must, at a
minimum, contain a clear
                  statement of management's overall expectations and
establish specific line
                  responsibilities. While the officers and staff of
smaller banks may have more frequent
                  and direct contact with customers than their
counterparts in large urban institutions, it
                  is incumbent upon all institutions to adopt and follow
policies appropriate to their size,
                  location, and type of business.                   Objectives Of "  "
                  Policy
                    1.A "  " policy should
increase the likelihood the
                       financial institution is in compliance with all
statutes and regulations and adheres
                       to sound and recognized banking practices.                     2.A "  " policy should
decrease the likelihood the
                       financial institution will become a victim of
illegal activities perpetrated by a
                       customer.                     3.A "  " policy that is
effective will protect the good
                       name and reputation of the financial institution.                     4.A "  " policy should not
interfere with the
                       relationship of the financial institution with
its good customers.                   At the present time there are no statutory mandates
requiring a " " policy or specifying the contents of such
a policy. However, in order to
                  develop and maintain a practical and useful policy,
financial institutions should
                  incorporate the following principles into their
business practices:                     1.Financial institutions should make a reasonable
effort to determine the true
                       identity of all customers requesting the bank's
services;                     2.Financial institutions should take particular care
to identify the ownership of all
                       accounts and of those using safe-custody
facilities;                     3.Identification should be obtained from all new
customers;                     4.Evidence of identity should be obtained from
customers seeking to conduct
                       significant business transactions; and                     5.Financial institutions should be aware of any
unusual transaction activity or
                       activity that is disproportionate to the
customer's known business.                   An integral part of an effective " " policy is a
                  comprehensive knowledge of the transactions carried
out by the customers of the
                  financial institution. Therefore, it is necessary that
the " " procedures established by the institution
allow for the collection of
                  sufficient information to develop a "transaction
profile" of each customer. The primary
                  objective of such procedures is to enable the
financial institution to predict with
                  relative certainty the types of transactions in which
a customer is likely to be engaged.
                  Internal systems should then be developed for
monitoring transactions to determine if
                  transactions occur which are inconsistent with the
customer's "transaction profile". A
                  "  <customer" policy must consist of
procedures that require proper
                  identification of every customer at the time a
relationship is established in order to
                  prevent the creation of fictitious accounts. In
addition, the bank's employee education
                  program should provide examples of customer behavior
or activity which may
                  warrant investigation.                   Identifying The Customer
                  As a general rule, a business relationship with a
financial institution should never be
                  established until the identity of a potential customer
is satisfactorily established. If a
                  potential customer refuses to produce any of the
requested information, the
                  relationship should not be established. Likewise, if
requested follow-up information is
                  not forthcoming, any relationship already begun should
be terminated. Structured Transactions
                  Section 103.53 prohibits the structuring of
transactions for the purpose of evading the
                  currency transaction reporting requirements. Anyone
who causes or attempts to
                  cause a bank to fail to file a CTR or to file a false
CTR is covered under this section
                  as well as anyone who attempts to structure or assists
in structuring any transaction
                  with one or more domestic financial institutions. A
cash transaction in excess of
                  $10,000, which is subsequently withdrawn upon
realization that a CTR is being
                  prepared, should be reported as a possible attempt to
structure a transaction. See
                  also 31 U. S. C. 5324.                   Examiners should be alert to consecutive transactions
involving cash in excess of
                  $10,000. Suspect transactions should be pursued
further. The following are examples
                  of types of transactions that may be reviewed for
possible structuring activity:                     1.Cashed checks - pay particular attention to
multiple items cashed by the same
                       person.                     2.Cash deposits.                     3.Savings withdrawals/certificates of deposit
redemptions.                     4.Personal money orders or official checks sold.                     5.Official checks sold or cashed - look for
consecutive items.                     6.Savings Bonds sold or redeemed.                     7.Traveler's checks sold or cashed.                     8.Loan payments or loan proceeds made in cash.                     9.Securities sold or purchased for cash if the
financial institution acts as agent for
                       an individual and the transaction involves more
than $10,000.

@_date: 1998-12-01 03:07:44
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: "Export" controls 
100% accurate, but old, conclusions.
Can you give me an example of a commercial vendor who has suffered
because someone bought a "dangerous" product ( Windows, for example ) at
retail and carried it out of the country in a suitcase? My guess would
be that anything sold at retail would pose no problem for the
manufacturer unless domestic regulations were in place. Even then the
retailer is the first in line for questioning.
Save me the phone call and describe your experience. BTW - IBM derives a
large portion of its revenues from government contracts. They would be
pretty easy to convince. An non-dependant might be different.
Not until there are domestic regulations. Except for firearms,
cigarettes, alcohol and prescription drugs I can't think of any. My
guess would be that start-up manufacturers could get their tails twisted
long before the retail shelf:
Personal Audits
Business Audits
Supplier problems ( caused by similar techniques being threatened or
applied )
FCC EMI Test Delays and Failures
Credit Problems
Lots of Traffic Tickets for everyone.
It could be fun to try an embedded product. Make some development kits
then try to license it. Let a manufacturer with some resources handle
the heavy lifting. If you have trouble with that give 'em the bird -
just write a damn book, source, VHDL etc. You can even export that. My
favorites are:
Secure phone - I know it exists already but still fun
Disk encryptor - SCSI/EIDE, a bump in the wire between the motherboard
and the disk drive. With its own smartcard/keypad interface, keys are
never seen by OS. It doesn't solve the security problem while the system
is on but it sure as hell makes the disk useless to opponents once it
has been shut off. Good storage. Effectively shredded if you destroy the
smart card or forget the key. The proper way to keep your data as long
as the courts respect the Fifth Amendment.
Oh well,

@_date: 1998-12-03 02:41:59
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: "Export" controls 
I was pointing out a retail parallel, not a crypto parallel.
You sure it's not Microshaft? More meanings.
A little experiment is often a good thing. I heard that the guys who
made the DES cracker have had $$ requests for machines and/or chips.
In case you missed it, my original reply was an attempt to open
discussion on some type of cooperative effort.
Look at  for prototype
purposes. I wonder how many DES or IDEA engines could be put on a 500K
gate array? It would fit about 35 instantiations of Twofish. That should
be enough for a phone or a disk encryptor.
It's not trivial but -
Products can be done. On a shoestring. By the right people. Even non-geniuses.
Who want to get them done. <-- the key item
No sense pushing the button without critical mass.
A friend's t-shirt many years ago:
  A penny for your thoughts, twenty bucks to act them out.

@_date: 1998-12-04 02:56:01
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: "Export" controls 
What type of attack was used in the famous test? Known plaintext? It
gets a bit tougher in the real world doesn't it?
Every product I ever worked on started off as a big ugly prototype
sprawled across a table top hooked to all sorts of life support systems.
And not all products are taken to market by those who did the initial
design work. License. For something like we're discussing here I think
the *big* cash outlay comes post-prototype with mask, fab, plastics,
production lines and marketing. Upfront it's mostly neurons.
I expect it would be easier to convince a manufacturer to participate
with a working prototype than it would with only an idea.
No it is not. 500k gates may be too much but I maintain that you simply
cannot trust the Wintel HW, Windows or anything you cannot analyze in
detail and freeze. Besides, people like little palm-sized gadgets.
We all know the magic price points. But is that particular product all
that interesting? Even if peer traffic is encrypted the system can be
infected and can transmit anything ( disk, RAM eg ) to other adresses.
I'm afraid I don't know enough about the networking stuff to feel that a
system can be secured while it is on-line. Now an embedded system for secure e-mail that used a PC as a gateway
might be kind of cool. You drop encrypted attachments onto a driver that
sends them to the unit where you read them. Anything you enter and
encrypt at the unit is presented as a file at the host to be attached
and sent. USB would be plenty quick for that sort of stuff.
You might say that it should be done on the host as SW or on another PC
but we're back to the Wintel HW again. No thanks. I wonder what could be
done with a palm pilot. Are full schematics and BIOS and driver code
available? You *might* throw out everything but and build it there.
You'd want to do some EMI testing.
I still like my SCSI/IDE gizmo for off-line PC's.
Yes, and it needs to be priced accordingly. Although corporations do
tend to spend nicely at times.
The key, as with any business, identify your customers and make a
product for them. Not easy, I admit.
Gun talk is amusing. I agree that what is going on with gun law is
disturbing but as far as disagreement with the Reptilians is concerned
power is political. As soon as it becomes violent you've lost. Except in
the event of a full-blown revolution. Then we all lose.
Don't you think that this sort of a poker bluff would be a little too
much even for the boldest thinkers in gov't? The stuff they fear most
would be commoditized and I think, in spite of your point, far more of
it would exist than does now. Marketeers would reduce it to bullet items
on packages but many engineers would deliver reasonable products within
the cost constraints.
Is that why CP exist? Because cryptography has some legal gray areas? I
don't think so.
This is a painfully slow conversation.

@_date: 1998-12-05 03:57:42
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: joy of export, h/ware 
Even if you don't know what you're looking for? Help me out with that
You trust PGPfone on commercial HW enough to do your spy work with it? A
system with dedicated audio compression (  e.g. )
and a modem could probably be used to establish a secure, full-duplex
link over the POTS. A microP, possibly with a small gate array to accel
the crypto, would be able to handle the rest of job. Actually a pretty
simple product. It could even use your dial-up account and be your
internet phone. I know it has been done. I just won't be happy 'til it's
in 50 million homes.
Yes, I have. Fortunately encryption HW will not have to go through that
sort of process. The frontier has been tamed, there are freeways
everywhere - all you have to do is pick a lot and build. IOW - that 300
baud modem if done from scratch now would cost nowhere near $3000/unit.
The time is ripe.
Clueless again! What is 'NAT'?
Absolutely. The issue there is more one of trustworthy HW and SW. Back
to WINTEL/MICROSNORT. Again, !barf!.

@_date: 1998-12-05 07:38:51
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
Unless you have a really fast ( 1 Mbit / s? ) data connection you're
going to want to do some voice compression. The algorithms I've seen
break the audio into discrete time frames and (de)compress frame by
frame. As a point of reference say about 16 bytes for every 33 msec of
voice. Quality roughly follows data rate, of course. This makes a block
cipher seem not so unreasonable.
Block cipher or stream cipher, either way you're going to have to
introduce a latency of _at_least_ a couple of frames to allow for
resends or deliberate out-of-order frame transmission. This makes the
block cipher look like the better choice.
I think that using HW voice compression and a 33.6 modem you could get a
full duplex secure conversation over POTS with a latency in the 0.1 -
0.3 second range and a direct cost in the vicinity of $100. With a
reasonably quick microP any encryption method could probably be done as
This is not a particularly difficult device to build. Any fine US
citizens want to build some prototypes?

@_date: 1998-12-05 11:17:42
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Vengeance Libertarianism 
My oh my,
The alternative to outright revolution has historically been to pack up
and ship out to whatever frontier was in vogue. Dangerous, difficult,
but apparently compelling if the home situation sucked badly enough.
Potentially very rewarding to the survivors.
The historical fate of any frontier has been that as soon as it has
become somewat hospitable the shitheads arrive with their carpet bags
and make it over into the same fucking thing that everyone ran away from
in the first place. The first sign of inFESTERation was often a church,
followed by a town hall which filled up quickly enough and shortly
thereafter hired a sheriff to enforce the town gun ban and who
eventually needed more men...
And so the cycle repeats with the virtual frontier we're in right now.
It was just fine until "they" came along to "civilize" it. Unfortunately
backs are to the wall and there is nowhere else to go because SPACE
SUCKS MOOSE ALIENS DRY LIKE BUGS. Top that.
they        - esRb
to civilize - to own, regulate, commercialize and tax
esRb        - evil, scumsucking, Reptilian bastards
I could probably develop some sort of virtual space cowboy allegory here
that would go on for (p)ages and involve the painful, bloody death of
many an evil villian at the hand of a courageous hero and enough deviant
sex ( whinny ) to keep the audience enthralled to the very end. The
story could probably be continued until well after the traffic has
subsided but what the hell, I like driving 5 mph, it's good for my car's
engine, my patience and the bandwidth shortage.

@_date: 1998-12-05 11:24:18
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
The web site is pretty sparse. No wonder I couldn't find them before - I
was looking for "Starion" a while back. I'll call them next week -
they're practically local. What's the approximate price?
I have another question for you:
I thought I was a real whiz kid a few years back when I figured out that
by using an agreed upon startup key then using a "random" public/private
key pair generated by the SW, two voice stations could exchange a
"random" session key. With thumbscrews and the rack you could not get
the session key. Even the dreaded rubber hose would fail. The startup
key protected the PK. The ultimate security was as good as the PK
portion. The conversation was practically pre-shredded.
I was bummed when I discovered this had already been patented and was
called EKE.
Does the Starium phone accomplish this effect?

@_date: 1998-12-08 03:52:06
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Corporate Mandarins and The Tyranny of *Hierarchy* 
Take a look at the history of the Love Canal in Buffalo, NY or the
tobacco industry and think about these as models of corporate behavior
when you hire the exterminator to come onto your property to take care
of some pesky ants and horribly nasty, dangerous spiders using "safe,
environmentally sound" insecticides. The burden of proof is backwards
all too often in evaluating the manner in which corporations treat their
customers and their community. It sure looks like the corporate world
has more than its fair share of major criminals to me: some of them
firmly and respectably in place in Congress. They just don't hack little
girls to pieces and bury them in the woods; they kill tens of thousands,
slowly, and hide behind the finest suits and the sharpest lawyers.
The quest for economic gain coupled with the blatant disregard for the
health and safety of those around you is what is meant by
hyperindividualism. It's simply greed coupled with sociopathy.
Describing this as an offshoot of 20th century liberalism is way beyond
me. This is well off-thread but I saw a movie clip of John D. from the mid
40's where he was at a podium being fingerprinted as a publicity bit to
promote the FBI's policy of trying to fingerprint all Americans. Nothing
new under the sun eh?

@_date: 1998-12-10 02:37:48
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: No Subject ( camera nonsense ) 
Don't remember the date but when asked to pinpoint the thing so someone
else could actually go take a look there was no response from the
original poster. I wrote it off as babbling.
There is one device above the westbound section of 580 on the Livermore
side of the Altamont pass. About the size of a small SpectraPhysics
Laser, the surface appears solid - i.e. no visual sensor. My best guess
- radar for either speed measurement or traffic density measurement. Chemical sniffer - NOT. Radiation detector - perhaps, but I doubt it.
Best bet - traffic analysis. These counties here are always fighting
about population growth and the traffic implications. As if one stinking
town owns the entire godamned federal interstate. Little, carpetbagging
Napoleans everywhere you look. As for neural systems detecting illegal activity - yeah? what? Two
people talking? Looking disreputable? Having their hands *appear* to
coincide for a second? This "technology", if detected in a public place,
should be zapped and the promoters tarred and feathered*. *Superglue or RTV and polyfill may legally be substituted for the
traditional materials.

@_date: 1998-12-10 07:13:04
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: No Subject ( camera nonsense ) 
The wire loops I know about use 60Hz AC and measure inductance. I believe that this would make them unsuitable as speed measurement
devices since measurement would extend over a number of cycles. They
might work if they were widely separated but you would have to be sure
there was only one vehicle generating the peaks.
I'd stick with the speed detector radar for now to explain the overhead

@_date: 1998-12-18 09:28:32
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Comrade Klinton at it again 
Don't you mean "Iraqui" Embassy?
Or is this thing spreading? I hope not.
Comrade Klinton is no worse than Comrades Hyde, Ingliss, Gingrich,
Coble, Bono, well you know the rest. They all call themselves statesmen
but they are pretty damned pedestrian.
Comrade Klinton just started another bombing run, curiously after it
widely known that the impeachment hearings wouldn't be delayed until
week. So far, every target hit has been in camera range. NBC said that
Iranian Embassy might have been hit by a Tomahawk.

@_date: 1998-12-24 08:33:31
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
Now... Just curious, if I simply make my study into a faraday cage via
use of fine (< 1/2 inch) chicken wire, and insulate my power system from
the computer emenations, would that be enough? Chicken wire is not that
expensive, and I think that I could make it look nice on walls.
The cages I've used were framed in wood and had several layers of copper
screening. The mesh was like standard window screen, <.125". There were
two, I think sometimes three, layers. The corners/joints were copper
sheet. The screen was soldered to the corners. The doors were stepped or
beveled and had several sets of fingers - indside edge, outside edge,
perhaps one intermediate. Screen makes ventilation easier. Power should
be brought in through a separate, partitioned, shielded box with
filtering in each partition. Phone lines, same thing. You trust your
apps, os and TCP/IP stack to not rat you out? If not, work off-line
One cage I saw had ferrite tiles on the solid walls to minimize internal
reflections which would cut down on leakage too.
Al foil if it were thick enough would be OK but how do you reliably join
edges? Al has a bad habit of oxidizing rapidly in air. I guess you could
fold edges over several times - seems tacky.
Converting your study is non-trivial. The door would look like crap. You
would need the euivalent of a door over the window. Build one in your
garage. Make it out of sections so you can move it. 6' x 8' seems about
right for a couple computers and some lab equip. Is the cost justified?
I wouldn't trust 1/2" galvanized chicken wire for containing anything
but chickens or other non-gnawing furry woodland creatures.

@_date: 1998-12-24 09:49:40
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
These were commercial cages used in the consumer products design
business. Things like radios, TVs, 900MHz cordless phones etc...do I
know for a fact that two or three layers of fine mesh copper ( BTW about
an inch apart ) were necessary? No. I just took the word of the guys who
had been doing the stuff for years. It wouldn't surprise me if the
commercial cages were overkill. Neither would I be surprised if anything
less leaked significantly. RFI is not an easy subject area. Find a
commercial cage vendor and talk to an apps eng.
Lacking an actual test facility, I suppose a really basic test would be
to use a hand-held AM radio tuned to a space between stations and try
out your PC with and without a chicken-wire cage. Sometimes a particular
piece of SW will have a pattern that you can recognize, maybe following
a keypress. I've been able to differentiate between button scan,
watchdog, servos, processor etc... It's a relatively cheap, quick
experiment. Try different frequencies and orientations of the ferrite
loop antenna. For higher frequencies ( CPU clocks + other harmonics )
you'll need other methods. I've been meaning to take a look at a
standard PC keyboard. Someday soon...if I do I'll let you know what I
As for looks - tough - a PC generates lots of RFI, a partially
functional cage is probably worse than none at all because of the false
sense of security.
Trying to shield the computer and the monitor is an entirely different
can of worms. Probably an order of magnitude harder than making a good
In real life even the easy things are not easy.

@_date: 1998-12-31 01:16:17
@_author: Michael Motyka 
@_subject: Re: CLT&G Update: 29 Dec 98 
The ENTIRE point?
ONE of the points was to define and limit the extents of centralization. There is no cure for the chronic tendency of people in power to try and
increase their scope. The repeated application of palliatives is the
only way to deal with that social disease.
