
@_date: 1993-03-18 19:16:33
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
I'd modify that second point slightly--specifically, I'd say that an
anonymous remailer *probably* is not liable. There's never been a case
of this sort, but current American libel law suggests that the remailer
would not be liable.

@_date: 1993-04-25 22:11:39
@_author: so far as I knew 
@_subject: talking to media 
[During the audio hookup at Saturday's meeting, the following paper of
Mike Godwin's got mentioned; I asked if he could send a copy to
cypherpunks.  It's going in the ftp site, as well--Eric]
Go ahead and forward this to cypherpunks.
This is the short posting I wrote in 1990 when I explained how I got the Steve Jackson Games case into the press.
:r talking
This is a file I posted to an Austin BBS back when I gave
the SJG story to the local papers.
 104: Talking to Media, part 1
  By: Johnny Mnemonic  [54]
As I've promised on another message base, here's the beginning of
discussion of how to bring stories to the media.
Since I keep thinking of different things people ought to know about how
to take a story to the media, I'm going to make this a multi-post
1) TRY TO THINK LIKE THE REPORTER YOU'RE TALKING TO.
One of the things that happens when people know about an event or series
of events that may make a good news story is that they assume the
importance of the story will be obvious to anyone.
Sometimes this is true (when the tipster knows about a murder, for
example). Often it's not.
So, when I tell a reporter about a story I think she should want to cover,
I make sure to stress the aspects of the story that are likely to interest
that reporter and/or the readers of her publication. For example, when I
spoke to Kyle Pope about the Illuminati seizure, I stressed the following:
a) Steve Jackson Games is an Austin business that may end up being damaged
by the seizure.
b) Nobody has given this story anything like major coverage in the
national media, or (so far as I knew) in other geographic areas. (I was
telling him he had a major "scoop" opportunity.)
c) There are some very dramatic aspects to this story. (I told him about
the 20-year-old LoD member who woke up on the morning of March 1 with a
gun pointed at him by a Secret Service agent.)
2) IF YOU'RE GOING TO MEET THE REPORTER IN PERSON, TRY TO BRING SOMETHING
ON PAPER.
There are lots of good reasons to follow this rule:
a) Believe it or not, but people take stuff on paper a little more
seriously than the spoken word. It's nice to give the reporter something
that lends substance to what you're saying, even if the substance is
printouts from your own computer.
b) It makes life easier for the reporter, who doesn't have to write down
every single thing you tell her. Reporters like to have materials they can
use for reference as they research and write their stories.
c) It helps you remember to say everything you want to say. Nothing is
more frustrating than trying to get a reporter interested in your story,
getting inconclusive results, and then realizing later that you should
have told the reporter about something. (E.g., "Damn! I forgot to tell
him what 'cyberpunk' means, so he won't know how the federal agents
misinterpreted the manual.")
When I went to the Statesman, I took edited printouts of discussions from
Flight, from SMOF, and from comp.dcom.telecom on Usenet. I also took some
private Email I had received, with the names of the senders deleted. And I
took my copy of the WHOLE EARTH REVIEW with the article on Usenet. My
object was to convey to him the scale of concern about the seizures, plus
give him enough background to be able to ask reasonably informed questions
of the people he talked to.
3) GIVE THE REPORTER OTHER PEOPLE TO TALK TO, IF POSSIBLE.
Two basic justifications for this rule: First, it'll help your credibility
(especially if you don't already know the reporter personally). Second,
multiple sources or witnesses usually enable the reporter to filter out
what is mere opinion or speculation from what everybody actually knows for
a fact.
4) DON'T ASSUME THAT THE REPORTER WILL COVER THE STORY THE WAY YOU'D LIKE
HER TO.
Reporters' accuracy and focus in a story are constrained by several
a) The amount of available time. Reporters have to be quick studies, and
often have to assimilate a complex story in a hurry. This necessarily
increases the risk of inaccuracy in a story, and gives you an even
greater reason to follow Rules 1 through 3.
2) The reporters' obligation to be fair. This means they have to talk to
people on the other side of the issues from you. This in turn means that
you're unlikely to get a story that represents or promotes your point of
view at the expense of those who oppose you.

@_date: 1993-04-27 12:10:19
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Interesting quotation from Denning's book on cryptography 
From Dorothy Denning, CRYPTOGRAPHY AND DATA SECURITY, Addison-Wesley
1982,1983, page 8:
"Cryptosystems must satisfy three general requirements:
"1. The enciphering and deciphering transformations must be efficient for
all keys.
"2. The system must be easy to use.
"3. The security of the system should depend only on the secrecy of the
keys and not on the secrecy of algorithms E [enciphering] or D

@_date: 1993-04-27 13:28:41
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: MEETING SUMMARY: 4-24-93 Cypherpunks Meeting 
Tim writes in the summary of Saturday's meeting:
Definitely at the Boston (Cambridge) site.
I am very sceptical that the "market share" strategy is the whole strategy
here. I think that while some proponents of Clipper may believe this is
the strategy, DOJ hopes that widespread adoption of Clipper will mute
any opposition to subsequent limitations on other encryption methods.
Let me clarify: I argued that asking tough questions could either force to
the government to reveal its hand or pin the government down to a
statement it would later have to admit was false.
We can only hope.
I believe this is precisely the reason we want to make powerful encryption
ubiquitous as soon as possible. And doing this is one of the reasons I
mentioned my hope for an eventual rapprochment between Jim Bidzos and Phil Zimmerman. Regardless of past disagreements, these two have a common
cause now, and we should strive to find a way to quell further public
disagreement and resolve as many differences as possible.
Another clarification: in response to a comment I made at the meeting,
Jim spoke at length about the validity of the RSA patent and about the
validity of his company's procedures. I want Jim and others to understand
that what I'm saying here should not be interpreted as an attack on Jim's
business strategy. I know that Jim is so used to being criticized about
the patent that he has standard responses to those criticisms, but I hope
it's clear that I wasn't criticizing him.
Yes, yes, yes.

@_date: 1993-04-28 09:58:52
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Wiretap Chip and Key Escrow Abuses 
I disagree. That's *a* sore spot, but not *the* sore spot. Even if industry and citizen groups had been consulted, I'd find the Clipper
proposal, and the strategy it represents, to be unacceptable.

@_date: 1993-04-28 10:13:47
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Navajo Hypothetical 
I recently heard an even better hypothetical that illustrates the
issues raised by encryption:
Suppose the only two navajo speakers left in the world were talking on the
phone to plot the overthrow of the United States.  If the FBI
could not obtain a translator, would that mean the plotters could be
compelled to hold their phone conversations in English?

@_date: 1993-04-29 11:00:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re:  Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
I cannot overstate how strongly I agree with George's statement here.

@_date: 1993-04-30 14:35:56
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: 800 number -- Clipper poll 
Article 17194 (12 more + 1 Marked to return) in comp.org.eff.talk:
Organization: FidoNet node 1:109/70.918 - No Montgomery Co Ba, Rockville
Lines: 14
Communications Week magazine has a weekly telephone response poll.
This week's question is:
Do you agree with the Clinton administration's Public Encryption
Management dire
ctive for communications equipment?
Yes: 800-242-CWKY
No:  800-242-CWKN
uucp: uunet!m2xenix!puddle!109!70.918!JHIUOT&)
Internet: JHIUOT&)

@_date: 1993-05-01 09:08:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP 
I'd say this depends on the software.
Mike Godwin,    |    Ariel Rose Godwin
mnemonic    Born 4-15-93 at 4:34 pm in Cambridge (617) 576-4510  |    7 pounds, 1.5 ounces, 19.75 inches long EFF, Cambridge  |    A new citizen of the Electronic Frontier

@_date: 1993-05-01 15:56:46
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Crytography 
Talk may also be the catalyst for change. See, e.g., the Federalist Papers
and the First Amendment.

@_date: 1993-05-03 10:37:53
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: ANON: Stepping up the pace... 
I've been asked to work up a possible EFF policy statement on anonymity.
Can anyone on this list tell me how long anonymous remailers have been in
use on the Net? Has anyone written a policy document on this subject that
you can give me a pointer to?

@_date: 1993-05-05 07:51:45
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: 'zines 
John Peter Zenger, actually. And it was comments about the colonial
governor, not about the king.
The Zenger case is commonly taken to be a precedent both for press
freedom and for jury nullification.

@_date: 1993-05-05 17:06:33
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Notes from the field 
I don't recall posting it to that newsgroup, but it doesn't surprise me
that it appeared there. I have strong connections with Austin and with
ECPA doesn't mention encryption. It does, however, penalize unauthorized
disclosure of communications. Whether "disclosure" occurs when a
communication is seized, or when it's decrypted, is an open question.
Lawsuits are almost inherently reactive. The best thing is to lobby
Congress for guarantees of the right to encrypt. State legislatures may
also be a useful target.
You have permission to repost it anywhere. I believe it appeared already
in cypherpunks, though. Maybe some people want to see it again.

@_date: 1993-05-06 15:31:05
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: ECPA reports 
Paul Ferguson defines "snippet" in a funny way.
Beats me. Probably, though.

@_date: 1993-05-07 06:09:23
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PRESS: Markoff/NYTimes : "Big Brother & the Computer Age" 
I know that John Schwartz is working on a major piece for the Washington
Post--a kind of intro to the subject.

@_date: 1993-05-16 22:01:01
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Washington Post story 
Look for a major story in the Washington Post about Clipper, Digital
Telephony, and related matters. It will be coming any day now and should
get major play. The reporters are John Schwartz and John Mintz.

@_date: 1993-05-24 12:03:29
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: MacWorld Special Report 
I don't think that's a tangent, Dave.
Thanks for the pointer.

@_date: 1993-05-26 09:18:24
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Mike's bummer moving adventure 
Thanks for the good thoughts, Pat. Anyone who wants the details of my
own little disaster down here should send me e-mail--offers of help
are appreciated.
One request this list could help me with: Does anyone know how I can
find a hardbound copy of Kahn's THE CODEBREAKERS. I didn't own a copy
before the fire, but I had started my crypto collection, and I'll be
continuing to work on it.

@_date: 1993-06-14 07:42:19
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PKP 
Doug, I am listening, but antitrust is not my area. Many of the developers
and businessfolk on this list have a clearer knowledge of antitrust law
than I.
You are right, of course, that "patents are intended to convey a sharply
limited monopoly."

@_date: 1993-06-14 09:23:21
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: DH for email (re: email protection and privacy) 
Note that a court could cite you for contempt for not complying with a subpoena duces tecum (a subpoena requiring you to produce objects or documents) if you fail to turn over subpoenaed backups.
To be honest, I don't think *any* security measure is adequate against a
government that's determined to overreach its authority and its citizens'
rights, but crypto comes close.

@_date: 1993-06-14 10:06:44
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: DH for email (re: email protection and privacy) 
Absolutely. And it looks very, very bad for you if the court later
discovers that you were holding back.
You're not required to go *beyond* what is specified in a subpoena.
But the subpoena's specifications can be pretty broad.

@_date: 1993-06-14 11:19:55
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: DH for email (re: email protection and privacy) 
Marc asks a bunch of legal questions:
Why presume this? Suppose the document doesn't directly incriminate
you (it doesn't say "I did this crime," for example), but, taken together
with other evidence the government has, does tend to incrimininate you.
In some circuits, at least, production of that document can be compelled.
(In others, there is a "last link" exception--the government can't compel
evidence that would constitute the "last link" in proving the government's
criminal case against you.)
Assume that the rules are the same for paper or electronic documents.
This has never been decided, but I think that, in terms of the relevant
legal precedents, they can. The rule is that you can be compelled to produce anything that is not, in itself, testimonial in nature and tending
to incriminate you. An encryption key, *taken by itself*, normally doesn't
tend to incriminate anyone--after all, it usually looks like gibberish.
See above. The Fifth Amendment bars compelled testimony. If what is
being compelled is not testimonial in nature, it doesn't violate the
More precisely, what I've said is that this is the argument the government
would make. In spirit, I think it violates the Fifth Amendment.
Possibly, in a circuit that recognizes the "last link" rule.
If you mean the smartcard itself, well, that can be compelled or But I take it you mean the key information.
There is an exception to the rule that nontestimonial stuff can be
compelled, and it's called, loosely, "the production privilege"--when
the very act of producing what is sought tends to incriminate you,
(by showing your ownership, control, authorship, or something similar),
compelled production may violate the Fifth Amendment.
But your question is more on the order of "What if the key is (or is derived from) a document that says 'I did this crime'?"
My answer is: "I don't know." But I should note that if you set up
elaborate schemes to block a law enforcement investigation that you
already know or have reason to believe is taking place, you may be
creating risk of criminal liability for obstruction of justice.
Yes. They can conclude that you're lying and cite you for contempt or
(if you say "I forgot" under oath) charge you with perjury. Remember,
courts and judges *frequently* have to decide whether people are
lying or not, and they could decide you're lying in this case.

@_date: 1993-06-18 08:22:17
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Contempt of court 
Sameer, the roots of the Third Amendment are not in surveillance, but
in the English Crown's desire to minimize the costs of maintaining troops

@_date: 1993-06-23 07:36:54
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: DH for email (re: email protection and privacy) 
Phil Karn asks:
I assume you're asking about civil versus criminal contempt. My tentative
answer (I can't look this up because my reference books are still packed)
is both. Civil contempt, strictly speaking, is not a separate legal
action--a federal judge has broad authority to impose civil-contempt
sanctions on people who are noncompliant with subpoenas, who disrupt court
proceedings, and so on. Criminal contempt *is* a separate legal action,
and I think you can be prosecuted for intentional noncompliance with court orders, but I'd have to look up the criminal-contempt statute to be sure.

@_date: 1993-06-23 08:10:59
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: YAA (yet another article) 
I agree with Phil that, in practice, the warrant requirement is a very
thin reed on which to base our Fourth Amendment rights. The magistrates
who review warrant applications tend to accept uncritically what they're
told by the government officials seeking the warrant.
Hellman's proposal would address only the most obvious and most extreme

@_date: 1993-06-23 22:35:44
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Contempt of  Court 
Who's this Axelrod guy? I'm Godwin.
I think Phil thinks we're one and the same. See below.
Untrue. "Poisonous tree" doctrine applies to illegally obtained
evidence, not to "inadmissible evidence" (a very different category,
I'm sure Phil is referring to me, not to Axelrod, here.
I've been trying to find this case, but haven't found it.

@_date: 1993-07-07 22:15:48
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: "Let's kill all the lawyers..." 
If I were to set out to deliberate make lawyers look even sillier than
they look already, I couldn't imagine a better place to start than to make
a remark like Saferstein's "hate crimes" comment.

@_date: 1993-07-07 22:15:21
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: "Let's kill all the lawyers..." 
They're not all in our nation's capital. The DC Bar allows lawyers
admitted to other jurisdictions to "waive into" DC if their MBE
score is sufficiently high--no separate bar exam. Many lawyers get
admitted to the DC Bar this way in anticipation of the possibility that
someday they may have to do some legal work in DC. Conversely, lots of lawyers simply come to DC without getting admitted
to the DC Bar. They just don't practice in the District.

@_date: 1993-07-26 04:20:39
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Tshirts(was Drug Joke 
Odds are that the "A.T." stands for "Attack Team."

@_date: 1993-08-07 02:18:59
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks, keep your powder dry.... 
Dorothy said as much to me even before Clipper was announced. I think she
would have no problem with my representing her here as being highly
concerned that widespread powerful encryption (other than key-escrow encryption)
poses a threat to the enforcement of the laws and the maintenance of
public order.

@_date: 1993-08-30 09:49:21
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Another BBS Seizure in Ha 
I'm working on the Hartford, Conn., BBS-seizure case.

@_date: 1993-09-18 11:55:31
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: KEY ESCROW PROCEDURES 
The authorized key request will normally occur after law-enforcement
officials have snagged the chip serial number from the LEAF
(law-enforcement field) of the signal they captured with an authorized

@_date: 1993-09-19 20:35:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Restrictions on crypto exports 
ANSPRING asks:
It matters not, IMHO, since an ftp archive site qualifies as a library
open to the public.

@_date: 1993-09-20 12:07:14
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: a quote 
Richard Kennaway writes of P.J. O'Rourke:
The issue for O'Rourke is not the legality of doing so; it's the wisdom of
doing so. I can't resist pointing out that it's no wiser to give drunken
teenagers the car keys in the UK than it is in the USA.

@_date: 1993-09-20 12:17:43
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Restrictions on crypto exports 
"Mike - you write that an FTP archive is a library open to the public.
While it looks like one to me, the important thing is convincing a grand
jury or jury that it's true, or heading off a prosecutor who'll try to paint
ftp archives as 'subversive hacker BBSs' or nonsense like that."
I don't think we disagree here.
"Do you know if anyone's doing this in an organized fashion?"
No. I'm really just making a prediction of what the likely outcome
of such cases will be.

@_date: 1993-09-28 12:21:32
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
The same is true of e-mail over the Internet--there is no statutory
exclusionary rule that would prvent its admissibility in court. It is at
least theoretically possible, however, to exclude illegally seized
communications of these sorts using a "pure 4th Amendment" (nonstatutory)
exclusionary rule.
Don't hold your breath, though.

@_date: 1993-09-28 13:31:33
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
This is not how evidence works. The fact that Internet mail can be forged
may cast doubt on the authenticity of a message, but it wouldn't result in
its inadmissibility. The jury can make its own decision about whether
the mail is authentic, based on full information about the possibility
of forgery.

@_date: 1993-09-28 19:31:36
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
smb writes
What's your point? One can argue all sorts of things. Are you saying you
have reason to believe an argument of this sort is likely to be a winner? Me, I just work from what I know about 4th Amendment caselaw.

@_date: 1993-09-29 05:11:42
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
This is both a fair comment and a fair request. Sorry for being irritable
This is not an accurate presentation of 2515, Steve. "Electronic
communications" was not added to 18 USC 2515 by ECPA. The statutory
exclusionary rule applies only to wire and oral communications. You've missed the actual language of 18 USC 2515. I don't know where you
got this one.

@_date: 1993-09-29 10:31:46
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
Rather than type in the lengthy definition sections, which refer to each
other, let me just say that a "wire communication" includes an "aural
transfer"--that is, a human voice. An "electronic communication" may use
the phone lines, but the definition excludes anything that qualifies as a
"wire or oral communication". See 18 USC 2510 (12)(B).
The definition of "wire communication" is 18 USC 2510 (1).
The definition of "electronic communication" is 18 USC 2510 (12).
The definition of "aural transfer" is 18 USC 2510 (18).

@_date: 1993-09-29 11:31:47
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Disturbing statistics on wiretaps 
Sigh. I hate typing stuff in, but I'll go ahead and type this one
Sec. 2510. Definitions
As used in this chapter--
(1) "wire communication" means any aural transfer made in whole or in part
through the use of facilities for the transmission of communications by
the aid of wire, cable, or other like connection between the point of
origin and the point of reception (including the use of such connection in
a switching station) furnished or operated by any person engaged in
providing such facilities for the transmission of interstate or foreign
communications or communications affecting interstate or foreign commerce
and such term includes any electronic storage of such communication, but
such term does not include the radio portion of a cordless telephone
communication that is transmitted between the cordless telephone handset
and the base unit;....

@_date: 1993-09-30 08:12:00
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
My question is this: how does he know that the mail is encrypted if he's
not examining the mail that passes through his system? If he *is*
examining the mail that passes through his system, it seems likely that he
is violating the Electronic Communications Privacy Act.

@_date: 1993-09-30 08:46:54
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
Well, there's no doubt that users of his system can agree to allow
the sysop to read their mail. But what about people whose mail passes
*through* his system on the way to somewhere else?
He has no agreement with them.

@_date: 1993-09-30 11:11:55
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
ECPA is not limited to common carriers.
ECPA applies both to Prodigy and to Internet message traffic.

@_date: 1993-09-30 12:01:55
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: misc crypto stuff 
I'm not sure which case you're thinking of, Eric. I know of no case in
which the defendant was forced to disclose his keys.

@_date: 1993-09-30 21:37:09
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDONet Mail filtering - a course of action 
This is a possibility, but perhaps we could do something subtler. I
suggest that someone forward my cypherpunk-list letters to this sysop
along with my phone number (202-347-5400) and let the guy know that he can
call me to discuss the possible legal liability he is creating for
Outside of the issue of passing encrypted information, it seems common
among Fido sysops to screen for other kinds of content. That can be
way uncool, legally.

@_date: 1993-10-01 13:13:44
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDONet Mail filtering - a course of action 
What gives you the impression that there is *anything* you can do to
prevent it? The BBS seized in the SJG case did not have illegal material
on it. You can't prevent it. You can minimize the risk of it by destroying any
kiddie porn you find uploaded to your system. Unless the kiddie porn has
been included as part of an electronic communication, it's just a file,
and not covered by ECPA. Nothing in ECPA prevents you from looking at any
GIFs uploaded to your system, but ECPA does prevent your interception or
disclosure of electronic messages that pass through your system if you're
not the intended recipient.
Pulling your system off the net does not eliminate the possibility that it
will be seized. Nothing does.

@_date: 1993-10-01 13:43:40
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
That's all very nice, but it doesn't enable a FIDO sysop to intercept
messages from people who are not users of his or her particular system.
Those people did not waive their rights to privacy under the ECPA.
This is a common myth. First of all, there are many BBSs that do
offer truly private mail, or whose sysops, as a matter of policy, do not
read others' private mail. Secondly, there's no legal liability associated
with allowing e-mail privacy. Third, federal law (the ECPA) bars
sysops from examining mail except under some very precisely defined
I suggest that you inform sysops who tell you otherwise that they can
contact me at the Legal Services Department of EFF. You've got my e-mail
address already--my phone number is 202-347-5400.

@_date: 1993-10-01 14:23:45
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encrypted mail issues 
> Now, the point most internet people forget is that FIDOnet hosts are
 > hobbyists with 100% privately-owned machines and generally pay for the
 > entire participation of their userbase out of their own pockets,
 > excepting a few who get some dollars here and there from their generous
 > callers.
I have never forgotten this. But their commitment and efforts do not
amount to an amendment to federal law.
 > As a completely justified consequence, they can decide if they
 > allow encrypted traffic _on their individual BBSs_.  Under what legal theory do they get an ECPA exemption as a "completely
justified consequence"?
 > In that there is
 > considerable fear of the consequences of illegal activity being
 > conducted on their BBSs via encrypted mail, many sysops (such as the one
 > you mention, leaving aside, for now, that he apparently confused a PGP
 > key with an encrypted message) do not wish to take the risk and forbid
 > encrypted traffic.
What they don't realize is that, rather than reducing the risk of legal
liability, they are increasing it.
 > They also monitor e-mail, if only incidentally
 > during the course of routine system maintenance, and notices to this
 > effect are generally contained in log-on screens and new-user info
 > files.
Any monitoring that results *directly* as a function of system maintenance
is okay--it's sanctioned by ECPA.
 > In that these sysops are extremely, _personally_ vulnerable, they are
 > generally more cautious than those internet folks who can hide behind
 > institutions and businesses.
If they were really cautious, they'd talk to a lawyer before setting
policy based on some guess as to what their legal liabilities may be.

@_date: 1993-10-01 14:43:39
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
You could be extrapolating from Fidonet's refusal to *guarantee* e-mail
privacy (after all, how could Fidonet *enforce* it?) that all users
of every Fido BBS everywhere have waived their rights under ECPA.
My understanding is that Fidonet policy was drafted not in order to comply
with ECPA, but to acknowledge that, in this decentralized network, there
was no authority a user a could appeal to if his e-mail was not kept
private. But I'd be interested in seeing a direct quote of the policy
provision you're alluding to here. And what about me? I don't post from a Fido BBS, so even if there's a
Fidonet-wide waiver of ECPA rights, it's not a waiver *I* have agreed to.
What if mail from me passes through a Fido node on its way to a non-Fido
destination? Certainly, if they offer no mail at all, they're not liable, since no mail
passes through their systems.
But the interesting case is this: let's assume that you're right that all
Fido users everywhere have agreed to waive their ECPA rights. Then are the
sysops who reserve their right to read e-mail reading *all* e-mail that
passes through their systems?
If not, this puts the lie to the claim that they're limiting their
liability by reserving their right to read e-mail. After all, the
criminally significant communications may be the ones they're skipping.
In general, criminal liability depends on *knowledge*--you normally can't
be held criminally liable for acts and communications you didn't know
I know of no case in which a sysop has been held *civilly* liable for
failing to read all e-mail on his system. So, in terms of classic risk
analysis, what does that statistic tell you?
I wasn't referring you to any sysops.
If all your users have agreed to waive their e-mail privacy rights, and
you're not dealing with any mail that does not either originate or
terminate on your system, then you're not in violation of ECPA.

@_date: 1993-10-02 16:18:50
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
Absent waiver by users, this may still be an ECPA violation.
Item (1) is the relevant item--if users agree to waive their ECPA rights,
there's no legal problem, although there may be ethical ones.
As for (2), well, there's no legal theory that says that a sysop is liable
for for any illegal activity on his BBS. The criminal law, in general,
does not make people liable for the conduct of others in the absence of
knowledge of that conduct.
Please, please don't make assertions about criminal liability based on
FIDO mythology.
When you refer to the risk they're taking, could you be precise? What
statistics do you have that support the statement that FIDO sysops are at
risk if they allow encrypted communications? To my knowledge as a lawyer
who works in this area, no sysop has been held liable for allowing
encrypted communications on his or system.

@_date: 1993-10-02 16:28:51
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
One reason I gave out my number is to allow people to ask me specific
questions that refer to how they run their *specific* systems--it may be
that they're not risking ECPA liability, given the particular conditions
they're working under. But one think I think sysops need to realize is that ECPA is the *default*
On some of my interpretations of ECPA, reasonable lawyers may disagree,
but at this point most FIDO sysops who assert that ECPA doesn't apply
haven't read the statute.

@_date: 1993-10-02 16:24:26
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
That said, it should be noted that sysops can contract with users for
users to waive their privacy rights under ECPA. But I think sysops should
do this *explicitly*, and should not justify doing so because of vague
perceptions of vaguely understood legal liability.
I also have to take exception to the statement by some people here that
sysops never allow private e-mail. I knew sysops who routinely did so when
I lived in Austin. But maybe Austin is more enlightened than the rest of
the country.
I wouldn't say this quite so strongly, but Perry has the gist of it right.
If you take on the duty of monitoring e-mail, you risk creating liability
for yourself if something problematic doesn't get censored. And the sysops
here generally admit that they don't real *all* e-mail.

@_date: 1993-10-02 16:38:50
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
In my opinion, few if any BBSs qualify as common carriers. Common carriers
hold themselves out as accepting all goods or passengers (or, in the case
of communications, all messages) indifferently. I know of no sysop who
operates under such a policy, or who would want to. uunet, in contrast, probably does qualify as a common carrier.
My discussions of legal liability are not grounded in common-carrier law
(in which I'm not yet an expert) but in criminal law and tort law.

@_date: 1993-10-03 00:58:51
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Fidonet 
I don't want to play duelling credentials, and, as I said earlier, there
are some parts of ECPA over which reasonable lawyers can disagree. But
many of the assumptions some sysops make about a) whether they're exempt
from ECPA and b) whether they're if they don't read e-mail, and c)
whether it helps to have a sysop-can-read-e-mail policy when the sysop
does not in fact read all e-mail, and d) whether encryption creates a
special risk of liability for sysops strike me as pretty uninformed.
Note: even if the courts were to decide that I'm wrong on point (a), it's
irrelevant to points (b), (c), and (d) above. The notion that sysops have
some *legal* reason to ban encrypted messages is profoundly silly, and
unsupported by any caselaw anywhere. And you can quote me on that.
Avoidable, yes, but not by policies per se--sysops can avoid ECPA
liability by contracting with users or by limiting their viewing of
private mail to the specific restrictions of ECPA.
They're as frequent and successful as prosecutions of sysops for carrying
encrypted mail. Which is to say, there are no cases on point regarding
ECPA, but at least we know what the statute says. On the other hand,
there's no statute that says sysops will be criminally liable if they
don't ban encrypted communications.
The issue of common-carrier status isn't relevant to the points I've been
making here. I'm assuming that no BBS qualifies as a common carrier.
Please do not make the common layman mistake of supposing that arrest or
seizure equals criminal liability. If you want to talk about specific
cases, please cite them. It should be noted, however, that the Steve Jackson Games seizure occurred
even though there was no illegal material on his system.
You are mistaken.
But you still don't get it--there's no correlation between these seizures
and the use of truly private or encrypted e-mail.
No connection at all. Period. The link is entirely in some sysops' minds.
As well it should be. But common-carrier status is not the only way to
avoid legal liability.

@_date: 1993-10-03 16:49:34
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
There's a new consciousness of ECPA thanks in part to the efforts of EFF
and to Steve Jackson's successful ECPA case.
But, Al, the issue is less whether a particular sysop is going to be
prosecuted under ECPA than it is whether that sysop's conduct is *both*
legal and ethical.
Even if a sysop's policies fit within ECPA exceptions, it's dishonest to
justify such policies in terms of risks that don't exist. There is no
documented risk that a sysop will be at greater legal liability if he or
she allows encrypted mail.

@_date: 1993-10-03 17:19:34
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Fidonet 
Perry, he actually does touch on one exception under ECPA--viewing of
non-public messages during normal system maintenance. Also, a sysop can't
monitor for unlawful activity in general, but he or she can monitor
activity that may relate to the protection of the system from, say,
intruders. Think of this latter as the Cuckoo's Egg exception.
Let me be precise. I do know of systems that have been seized, not for
some crime of "illegal traffic," but because law enforcement believed that
the system contained evidence of a crime. I know of no case in which a
sysop has been "arrested" merely because of allowing so-called "illegal
traffic" that he or she didn't know about.

@_date: 1993-10-03 17:18:58
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Fidonet 
If you're talking about the Connecticut case, no, it doesn't count. That
case doesn't involve mail.

@_date: 1993-10-03 17:24:34
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
If all users of FidoNet systems read this and agree with it prior to using
mail, then there's probably not an ECPA problem.

@_date: 1993-10-03 19:14:34
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Fidonet 
Uploading a GIF to a BBS is definitely a different issue from those raised
by ECPA, which has to do with electronic mail. For one thing, presumably
an uploaded GIF is not a private message, so there's no reason for the
sysop or anyone else not to look at it.
In a child-porn case, the sysop may be arrested, but his criminal
liability will likely depend on whether he knows about the image and his
knowledge can be proved to a jury beyond a reasonable doubt.
Nothing I have written here should be construed as telling sysops they
can't look at a) public files on their systems, and b) private files on
their systems that aren't communications.

@_date: 1993-10-04 04:34:39
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
If the recipients of mail originating outside of Fidonet agree to disclose
their communications to sysops, there's no ECPA violation.

@_date: 1993-10-04 04:55:03
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: BBS seizures 
So far as I know, this case did not involve electronic mail.

@_date: 1993-10-04 13:44:44
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: ASCII version of ECPA (interception, stored comm, pen registers) (fwd) 
In response to a number of requests from different sources, I've compiled
and edited an ASCII version of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act,
including all amendments to the original Wiretap Act (18 USC 2510 et
seq.), the complete chapter on stored communications (18 USC 2701 et
seq.), and the amendments to pen-register and trap-and-trace procedures
(18 USC 3121 et seq.)
Please let me know if you catch any errors or typos. --Mike Godwin
  Online Counsel
  Electronic Frontier Foundation
  mnemonic
TITLE 18.  CRIMES AND CRIMINAL PROCEDURE  PART I.  CRIMES  CHAPTER 119.  WIRE AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS INTERCEPTION AND
INTERCEPTION OF ORAL COMMUNICATIONS
Sec. 2510.  Definitions
   As used in this chapter --
   (1) "wire communication" means any aural transfer made in whole or in
part through the use of facilities for the transmission of communications
by the aid of wire, cable, or other like connection between the point of
origin and the point of reception (including the use of such connection in
a switching station) furnished or operated by any person engaged in
providing or operating such facilities for the transmission of interstate
or foreign communications or communications affecting interstate or
foreign commerce and such term includes any electronic storage of such
communication, but such term does not include the radio portion of a
cordless telephone communication that is transmitted between the cordless
telephone handset and the base unit;
   (2) "oral communication" means any oral communication uttered by a
person exhibiting an expectation that such communication is not subject to
interception under circumstances justifying such expectation, but such
term does not include any electronic communication;
   (3) "State" means any State of the United States, the District of
Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and any territory or possession
of the United States;
   (4) "intercept" means the aural or other acquisition of the contents of
any wire, electronic, or oral communication through the use of any
electronic, mechanical, or other device.
   (5) "electronic, mechanical, or other device" means any device or
apparatus which can be used to intercept a wire, oral, or electronic
communication other than--
   (a) any telephone or telegraph instrument, equipment or facility, or
any component thereof, (i) furnished to the subscriber or user by a
provider of wire or electronic communication service in the ordinary
course of its business and being used by the subscriber or user in the
ordinary course of its business or furnished by such subscriber or user
for connection to the facilities of such service and used in the ordinary
course of its business; or (ii) being used by a provider of wire or
electronic communication service in the ordinary course of its business,
or by an investigative or law enforcement officer in the ordinary course
of his duties;
   (b) a hearing aid or similar device being used to correct subnormal
hearing to not better than normal;
   (6) "person" means any employee, or agent of the United States or any
State or political subdivision thereof, and any individual, partnership,
association, joint stock company, trust, or corporation;
   (7) "Investigative or law enforcement officer" means any officer of the
United States or of a State or political subdivision thereof, who is
empowered by law to conduct investigations of or to make arrests for
offenses enumerated in this chapter, and any attorney authorized by law to
prosecute or participate in the prosecution of such offenses;
   (8) "contents," when used with respect to any wire, oral, or electronic
communication, includes any information concerning the substance, purport,
or meaning of that communication;
   (9) "Judge of competent jurisdiction" means--
   (a) a judge of a United States district court or a United States court
of appeals; and
   (b) a judge of any court of general criminal jurisdiction of a State
who is authorized by a statute of that State to enter orders authorizing
interceptions of wire, oral, or electronic communications;
   (10) "communication common carrier" shall have the same meaning which
is given the term "common carrier" by section 153(h) of title 47 of the
United States Code;
   (11) "aggrieved person" means a person who was a party to any
intercepted wire, oral, or electronic communication or a person against
whom the interception was directed;
   (12) "electronic communication" means any transfer of signs, signals,
writing, images, sounds, data, or intelligence of any nature transmitted
in whole or in part by a wire, radio, electromagnetic, photoelectronic or
photooptical system that affects interstate or foreign commerce, but does
not include--
   (A) the radio portion of a cordless telephone communication that is
transmitted between the cordless telephone handset and the base unit;
   (B) any wire or oral communication;
   (C) any communication made through a tone-only paging device; or
   (D) any communication from a tracking device (as defined in section
3117 of this title);
   (13) "user" means any person or entity who--
   (A) uses an electronic communication service; and
   (B) is duly authorized by the provider of such service to engage in
such use;
   (14) "electronic communications system" means any wire, radio,
electromagnetic, photooptical or photoelectronic facilities for the
transmission of electronic communications, and any computer facilities or
related electronic equipment for the electronic storage of such
   (15) "electronic communication service" means any service which
provides to users thereof the ability to send or receive wire or
electronic communications;
   (16) "readily accessible to the general public" means, with respect to
a radio communication, that such communication is not--
   (A) scrambled or encrypted;
   (B) transmitted using modulation techniques whose essential parameters
have been withheld from the public with the intention of preserving the
privacy of such communication;
   (C) carried on a subcarrier or other signal subsidiary to a radio
   (D) transmitted over a communication system provided by a common
carrier, unless the communication is a tone only paging system
communication; or
   (E) transmitted on frequencies allocated under part 25, subpart D, E,
or F of part 74, or part 94 of the Rules of the Federal Communications
Commission, unless, in the case of a communication transmitted on a
frequency allocated under part 74 that is not exclusively allocated to
broadcast auxiliary services, the communication is a two-way voice
communication by radio;
   (17) "electronic storage" means--
   (A) any temporary, intermediate storage of a wire or electronic
communication incidental to the electronic transmission thereof; and
   (B) any storage of such communication by an electronic communication
service for purposes of backup protection of such communication; and
   (18) "aural transfer" means a transfer containing the human voice at
any point between and including the point of origin and the point of
Sec. 2511.  Interception and disclosure of wire, oral, or electronic
communications prohibited
   (1) Except as otherwise specifically provided in this chapter any
person who--
   (a) intentionally intercepts, endeavors to intercept, or procures any
other person to intercept or endeavor to intercept, any wire, oral, or
electronic communication;
   (b) intentionally uses, endeavors to use, or procures any other person
to use or endeavor to use any electronic, mechanical, or other device to
intercept any oral communication when--
   (i) such device is affixed to, or otherwise transmits a signal through,
a wire, cable, or other like connection used in wire communication; or
   (ii) such device transmits communications by radio, or interferes with
the transmission of such communication; or
   (iii) such person knows, or has reason to know, that such device or any
component thereof has been sent through the mail or transported in
interstate or foreign commerce; or
   (iv) such use or endeavor to use (A) takes place on the premises of any
business or other commercial establishment the operations of which affect
interstate or foreign commerce; or (B) obtains or is for the purpose of
obtaining information relating to the operations of any business or other
commercial establishment the operations of which affect interstate or
foreign commerce; or
   (v) such person acts in the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico, or any territory or possession of the United States;
   (c) intentionally discloses, or endeavors to disclose, to any other
person the contents of any wire, oral, or electronic communication,
knowing or having reason to know that the information was obtained through
the interception of a wire, oral, or electronic communication in violation
of this subsection; or
   (d) intentionally uses, or endeavors to use, the contents of any wire,
oral, or electronic communication, knowing or having reason to know that
the information was obtained through the interception of a wire, oral, or
electronic communication in violation of this subsection;
   shall be punished as provided in subsection (4) or shall be subject to
suit as provided in subsection (5).
   (2)(a)(i) It shall not be unlawful under this chapter for an operator
of a switchboard, or an officer, employee, or agent of a provider of wire
or electronic communication service, whose facilities are used in the
transmission of a wire communication, to intercept, disclose, or use that
communication in the normal course of his employment while engaged in any
activity which is a necessary incident to the rendition of his service or
to the protection of the rights or property of the provider of that
service, except that a provider of wire communication service to the
public shall not utilize service observing or random monitoring except for
mechanical or service quality control checks.
   (ii) Notwithstanding any other law, providers of wire or electronic
communication service, their officers, employees, and agents, landlords,
custodians, or other persons, are authorized to provide information,
facilities, or technical assistance to persons authorized by law to
intercept wire, oral, or electronic communications or to conduct
electronic surveillance, as defined in section 101 of the Foreign
Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 if such provider, its officers,
employees, or agents, landlord, custodian, or other specified person, has
been provided with--
   (A) a court order directing such assistance signed by the authorizing
judge, or
   (B) a certification in writing by a person specified in section 2518(7)
of this title or the Attorney General of the United States that no warrant
or court order is required by law, that all statutory requirements have
been met, and that the specified assistance is required, setting forth the
period of time during which the provision of the information, facilities,
or technical assistance is authorized and specifying the information,
facilities, or technical assistance required. No provider of wire or
electronic communication service, officer, employee, or agent thereof, or
landlord, custodian, or other specified person shall disclose the
existence of any interception or surveillance or the device used to
accomplish the interception or surveillance with respect to which the
person has been furnished an order or certification under this
subparagraph, except as may otherwise be required by legal process and
then only after prior notification to the Attorney General or to the
principal prosecuting attorney of a State or any political subdivision of
a State, as may be appropriate. Any such disclosure, shall render such
person liable for the civil damages provided for in section 2520. No cause
of action shall lie in any court against any provider of wire or
electronic communication service, its officers, employees, or agents,
landlord, custodian, or other specified person for providing information,
facilities, or assistance in accordance with the terms of a court order or
certification under this chapter.
   (b) It shall not be unlawful under this chapter for an officer,
employee, or agent of the Federal Communications Commission, in the normal
course of his employment and in discharge of the monitoring
responsibilities exercised by the Commission in the enforcement of chapter
5 of title 47 of the United States Code, to intercept a wire or electronic
communication, or oral communication transmitted by radio, or to disclose
or use the information thereby obtained.
   (c) It shall not be unlawful under this chapter for a person acting
under color of law to intercept a wire, oral, or electronic communication,
where such person is a party to the communication or one of the parties to
the communication has given prior consent to such interception.
   (d) It shall not be unlawful under this chapter for a person not acting
under color of law to intercept a wire or oral communication where such
person is a party to the communication or where one of the parties to the
communication has given prior consent to such interception unless such
communication is intercepted for the purpose of committing any criminal or
tortious act in violation of the Constitution or laws of the United States
or of any State.
   (e) Notwithstanding any other provision of this title or section 705 or
706 of  the Communications Act of 1934 , it shall not be unlawful for an
officer, employee, or agent of the United States in the normal course of
his official duty to conduct electronic surveillance, as defined in
section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978, as
authorized by that Act.
   (f) Nothing contained in this chapter or chapter 121, or section 705 of
the Communications Act of 1934, shall be deemed to affect the acquisition
by the United States Government of foreign intelligence information from
international or foreign communications, or foreign intelligence
activities conducted in accordance with otherwise applicable Federal law
involving a foreign electronic communications system, utilizing a means
other than electronic surveillance as defined in section 101 of the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978, and procedures in this
chapter and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 shall be the
exclusive means by which electronic surveillance, as defined in section
101 of such Act, and the interception of domestic wire, oral, or
electronic communications may be conducted.
   (g) It shall not be unlawful under this chapter or chapter 121 of this
title for any person--
   (i) to intercept or access an electronic communication made through an
electronic communication system that is configured so that such electronic
communication is readily accessible to the general public;
   (ii) to intercept any radio communication which is transmitted--
   (I) by any station for the use of the general public, or that relates
to ships, aircraft, vehicles, or persons in distress;
   (II) by any governmental, law enforcement, civil defense, private land
mobile, or public safety communications system, including police and fire,
readily accessible to the general public;
   (III) by a station operating on an authorized frequency within the
bands allocated to the amateur, citizens band, or general mobile radio
services; or
   (IV) by any marine or aeronautical communications system;
   (iii) to engage in any conduct which--
   (I) is prohibited by section 633 of the Communications Act of 1934; or
   (II) is excepted from the application of section 705(a) of the
Communications Act of 1934 by section 705(b) of that Act;
   (iv) to intercept any wire or electronic communication the transmission
of which is causing harmful interference to any lawfully operating station
or consumer electronic equipment, to the extent necessary to identify the
source of such interference; or
   (v) for other users of the same frequency to intercept any radio
communication made through a system that utilizes frequencies monitored by
individuals engaged in the provision or the use of such system, if such
communication is not scrambled or encrypted.
   (h) It shall not be unlawful under this chapter--
   (i) to use a pen register or a trap and trace device (as those terms
are defined for the purposes of chapter 206 (relating to pen registers and
trap and trace devices) of this title); or
   (ii) for a provider of electronic communication service to record the
fact that a wire or electronic communication was initiated or completed in
order to protect such provider, another provider furnishing service toward
the completion of the wire or electronic communication, or a user of that
service, from fraudulent, unlawful or abusive use of such service.
   (3)(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this subsection, a person
or entity providing an electronic communication service to the public
shall not intentionally divulge the contents of any communication (other
than one to such person or entity, or an agent thereof) while in
transmission on that service to any person or entity other than an
addressee or intended recipient of such communication or an agent of such
addressee or intended recipient.
   (b) A person or entity providing electronic communication service to
the public may divulge the contents of any such communication--
   (i) as otherwise authorized in section 2511(2)(a) or 2517 of this
   (ii) with the lawful consent of the originator or any addressee or
intended recipient of such communication;
   (iii) to a person employed or authorized, or whose facilities are used,
to forward such communication to its destination; or
   (iv) which were inadvertently obtained by the service provider and
which appear to pertain to the commission of a crime, if such divulgence
is made to a law enforcement agency.
   (4)(a) Except as provided in paragraph (b) of this subsection or in
subsection (5), whoever violates subsection (1) of this section shall be
fined under this title or imprisoned not more than five years, or both.
   (b) If the offense is a first offense under paragraph (a) of this
subsection and is not for a tortious or illegal purpose or for purposes of
direct or indirect commercial advantage or private commercial gain, and
the wire or electronic communication with respect to which the offense
under paragraph (a) is a radio communication that is not scrambled or
encrypted, then--
   (i) if the communication is not the radio portion of a cellular
telephone communication, a public land mobile radio service communication
or a paging service communication, and the conduct is not that described
in subsection (5), the offender shall be fined under this title or
imprisoned not more than one year, or both; and
   (ii) if the communication is the radio portion of a cellular telephone
communication, a public land mobile radio service communication or a
paging service communication, the offender shall be fined not more than $
   (c) Conduct otherwise an offense under this subsection that consists of
or relates to the interception of a satellite transmission that is not
encrypted or scrambled and that is transmitted--
   (i) to a broadcasting station for purposes of retransmission to the
general public; or
   (ii) as an audio subcarrier intended for redistribution to facilities
open to the public, but not including data transmissions or telephone
   is not an offense under this subsection unless the conduct is for the
purposes of direct or indirect commercial advantage or private financial
   (5)(a)(i) If the communication is--
   (A) a private satellite video communication that is not scrambled or
encrypted and the conduct in violation of this chapter is the private
viewing of that communication and is not for a tortious or illegal purpose
or for purposes of direct or indirect commercial advantage or private
commercial gain; or
   (B) a radio communication that is transmitted on frequencies allocated
under subpart D of part 74 of the rules of the Federal Communications
Commission that is not scrambled or encrypted and the conduct in violation
of this chapter is not for a tortious or illegal purpose or for purposes
of direct or indirect commercial advantage or private commercial gain,
   then the person who engages in such conduct shall be subject to suit by
the Federal Government in a court of competent jurisdiction.
   (ii) In an action under this subsection--
   (A) if the violation of this chapter is a first offense for the person
under paragraph (a) of subsection (4) and such person has not been found
liable in a civil action under section 2520 of this title, the Federal
Government shall be entitled to appropriate injunctive relief; and
   (B) if the violation of this chapter is a second or subsequent offense
under paragraph (a) of subsection (4) or such person has been found liable
in any prior civil action under section 2520, the person shall be subject
to a mandatory $ 500 civil fine.
   (b) The court may use any means within its authority to enforce an
injunction issued under paragraph (ii)(A), and shall impose a civil fine
of not less than $ 500 for each violation of such an injunction.
Sec. 2512.  Manufacture, distribution, possession, and advertising of
wire, oral, or electronic communication intercepting devices prohibited
   (1) Except as otherwise specifically provided in this chapter, any
person who intentionally--
   (a) sends through the mail, or sends or carries in interstate or
foreign commerce, any electronic, mechanical, or other device, knowing or
having reason to know that the design of such device renders it primarily
useful for the purpose of the surreptitious interception of wire, oral, or
electronic communications;
   (b) manufactures, assembles, possesses, or sells any electronic,
mechanical, or other device, knowing or having reason to know that the
design of such device renders it primarily useful for the purpose of the
surreptitious interception of wire, oral, or electronic communications,
and that such device or any component thereof has been or will be sent
through the mail or transported in interstate or foreign commerce; or
   (c) places in any newspaper, magazine, handbill, or other publication
any advertisement of--
   (i) any electronic, mechanical, or other device knowing or having
reason to know that the design of such device renders it primarily useful
for the purpose of the surreptitious interception of wire, oral, or
electronic communications; or
   (ii) any other electronic, mechanical, or other device, where such
advertisement promotes the use of such device for the purpose of the
surreptitious interception of wire, oral, or electronic communications,
   knowing or having reason to know that such advertisement will be sent
through the mail or transported in interstate or foreign commerce,
   shall be fined not more than $ 10,000 or imprisoned not more than five
years, or both.
   (2) It shall not be unlawful under this section for--
   (a) a provider of wire or electronic communication service or an
officer, agent, or employee of, or a person under contract with, such a
provider, in the normal course of the business of providing that wire or
electronic communication service, or
   (b) an officer, agent, or employee of, or a person under contract with,
the United States, a State, or a political subdivision thereof, in the
normal course of the activities of the United States, a State, or a
political subdivision thereof, to send through the mail, send or carry in
interstate or foreign commerce, or manufacture, assemble, possess, or sell
any electronic, mechanical, or other device knowing or having reason to
know that the design of such device renders it primarily useful for the
purpose of the surreptitious interception of wire, oral, or electronic
Sec. 2513.  Confiscation of wire, oral, or electronic communication
intercepting devices
   Any electronic, mechanical, or other device used, sent, carried,
manufactured, assembled, possessed, sold, or advertised in violation of
section 2511 or section 2512 of this chapter may be seized and
forfeited to the United States. All provisions of law relating to (1) the
seizure, summary and judicial forfeiture, and condemnation of vessels,
vehicles, merchandise, and baggage for violations of the customs laws
contained in title 19 of the United States Code, (2) the disposition of
such vessels, vehicles, merchandise, and baggage or the proceeds from the
sale thereof, (3) the remission or mitigation of such forfeiture, (4) the
compromise of claims, and (5) the award of compensation to informers in
respect of such forfeitures, shall apply to seizures and forfeitures
incurred, or alleged to have been incurred, under the provisions of this
section, insofar as applicable and not inconsistent with the provisions of
this section; except that such duties as are imposed upon the collector of
customs or any other person with respect to the seizure and forfeiture of
vessels, vehicles, merchandise, and baggage under the provisions of the
customs laws contained in title 19 of the United States Code shall be
performed with respect to seizure and forfeiture of electronic,
mechanical, or other intercepting devices under this section by such
officers, agents, or other persons as may be authorized or designated for
that purpose by the Attorney General.
Sec. 2515.  Prohibition of use as evidence of intercepted wire or oral
   Whenever any wire or oral communication has been intercepted, no part
of the contents of such communication and no evidence derived therefrom
may be received in evidence in any trial, hearing, or other proceeding in
or before any court, grand jury, department, officer, agency, regulatory
body, legislative committee, or other authority of the United States, a
State, or a political subdivision thereof if the disclosure of that
information would be in violation of this chapter.
Sec. 2516.  Authorization for interception of wire, oral, or electronic
   (1) The Attorney General, Deputy Attorney General, Associate Attorney
General, or any Assistant Attorney General, any acting Assistant Attorney
General, or any Deputy Assistant Attorney General in the Criminal Division
specially designated by the Attorney General, may authorize an application
to a Federal judge of competent jurisdiction for, and such judge may grant
in conformity with section 2518 of this chapter an order authorizing or
approving the interception of wire or oral communications by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, or a Federal agency having responsibility for the
investigation of the offense as to which the application is made, when
such interception may provide or has provided evidence of--
   (a) any offense punishable by death or by imprisonment for more than
one year under sections 2274 through 2277 of title 42 of the United States
Code (relating to the enforcement of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954),
section 2284 of title 42 of the United States Code (relating to sabotage
of nuclear facilities or fuel), or under the following chapters of this
title: chapter 37 (relating to espionage), chapter 105 (relating to
sabotage), chapter 115 (relating to treason), chapter 102 (relating to
riots), chapter 65 (relating to malicious mischief), chapter 111 (relating
to destruction of vessels), or chapter 81 (relating to piracy);
   (b) a violation of section 186 or section 501(c) of title 29, United
States Code (dealing with restrictions on payments and loans to labor
organizations), or any offense which involves murder, kidnapping, robbery,
or extortion, and which is punishable under this title;
   (c) any offense which is punishable under the following sections of
this title: section 201 (bribery of public officials and witnesses),
section 215 (relating to bribery of bank officials), section 224 (bribery
in sporting contests), subsection (d), (e), (f), (g), (h), or (i) of
section 844 (unlawful use of explosives), section 1032 (relating to
concealment of assets), section 1084 (transmission of wagering
information), section 751 (relating to escape), section 1014 (relating to
loans and credit applications generally; renewals and discounts), sections
1503, 1512, and 1513 (influencing or injuring an officer, juror, or
witness generally), section 1510 (obstruction of criminal investigations),
section 1511 (obstruction of State or local law enforcement), section 1751
(Presidential and Presidential staff assassination, kidnaping, and
assault), section 1951 (interference with commerce by threats or
violence), section 1952 (interstate and foreign travel or transportation
in aid of racketeering enterprises), section 1958 (relating to use of
interstate commerce facilities in the commission of murder for hire),
section 1959 (relating to violent crimes in aid of racketeering activity),
section 1954 (offer, acceptance, or solicitation to influence operations
of employee benefit plan), section 1955 (prohibition of business
enterprises of gambling), section 1956 (laundering of monetary
instruments), section 1957 (relating to engaging in monetary transactions
in property derived from specified unlawful activity), section 659 (theft
from interstate shipment), section 664 (embezzlement from pension and
welfare funds), section 1343 (fraud by wire, radio, or television),
section 1344 (relating to bank fraud), sections 2251 and 2252 (sexual
exploitation of children), sections 2312, 2313, 2314, and 2315 (interstate
transportation of stolen property), section 2321 (relating to trafficking
in certain motor vehicles or motor vehicle parts), section 1203 (relating
to hostage taking), section 1029 (relating to fraud and related activity
in connection with access devices), section 3146 (relating to penalty for
failure to appear), section 3521(b)(3) (relating to witness relocation and
assistance), section 32 (relating to destruction of aircraft or aircraft
facilities), section 1963 (violations with respect to racketeer influenced
and corrupt organizations), section 115 (relating to threatening or
retaliating against a Federal official), and section 1341 (relating to
mail fraud), or section 351 (violations with respect to congressional,
Cabinet, or Supreme Court assassinations, kidnaping, and assault), section
831 (relating to prohibited transactions involving nuclear materials),
section 33 (relating to destruction of motor vehicles or motor vehicle
facilities), section 175 (relating to biological weapons), or section 1992
(relating to wrecking trains);
   (d) any offense involving counterfeiting punishable under section 471,
472, or 473 of this title;
   (e) any offense involving fraud connected with a case under title 11
or the manufacture, importation, receiving, concealment, buying, selling,
or otherwise dealing in narcotic drugs, marihuana, or other dangerous
drugs, punishable under any law of the United States;
   (f) any offense including extortionate credit transactions under
sections 892, 893, or 894 of this title;
   (g) a violation of section 5322 of title 31, United States Code
(dealing with the reporting of currency transactions);
   (h) any felony violation of sections 2511 and 2512 (relating to
interception and disclosure of certain communications and to certain
intercepting devices) of this title;
   (i) any felony violation of chapter 71 (relating to obscenity) of this
   (j) any violation of section 11(c)(2) of the Natural Gas Pipeline
Safety Act of 1968 (relating to destruction of a natural gas pipeline) or
subsection (i) or (n) of section 902 of the Federal Aviation Act of 1958
(relating to aircraft piracy);
   (k) any criminal violation of section 2778 of title 22 (relating to the
Arms Export Control Act);
   (l) the location of any fugitive from justice from an offense described
in this section;    (m) any felony violation of sections 922 and 924 of title 18, United
States Code (relating to firearms);
   (n) any violation of section 5861 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
(relating to firearms); and
   (o) any conspiracy to commit any offense described in any subparagraph
of this paragraph.
   (2) The principal prosecuting attorney of any State, or the principal
prosecuting attorney of any political subdivision thereof, if such
attorney is authorized by a statute of that State to make application to a
State court judge of competent jurisdiction for an order authorizing or
approving the interception of wire or oral communications, may apply to
such judge for, and such judge may grant in conformity with section 2518
of this chapter and with the applicable State statute an order
authorizing, or approving the interception of wire or oral communications
by investigative or law enforcement officers having responsibility for the
investigation of the offense as to which the application is made, when
such interception may provide or has provided evidence of the commission
of the offense of murder, kidnapping, gambling, robbery, bribery,
extortion, or dealing in narcotic drugs, marihuana or other dangerous
drugs, or other crime dangerous to life, limb, or property, and punishable
by imprisonment for more than one year, designated in any applicable State
statute authorizing such interception, or any conspiracy to commit any of
the foregoing offenses.
   (3) Any attorney for the Government (as such term is defined for the
purposes of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure) may authorize an
application to a Federal judge of competent jurisdiction for, and such
judge may grant, in conformity with section 2518 of this title, an order
authorizing or approving the interception of electronic communications by
an investigative or law enforcement officer having responsibility for the
investigation of the offense as to which the application is made, when
such interception may provide or has provided evidence of any Federal
Sec. 2517.  Authorization for disclosure and use of intercepted wire,
oral, or electronic communications
   (1) Any investigative or law enforcement officer who, by any means
authorized by this chapter, has obtained knowledge of the contents of any
wire, oral, or electronic communication, or evidence derived therefrom,
may disclose such contents to another investigative or law enforcement
officer to the extent that such disclosure is appropriate to the proper
performance of the official duties of the officer making or receiving the
   (2) Any investigative or law enforcement officer who, by any means
authorized by this chapter, has obtained knowledge of the contents of any
wire, oral, or electronic communication or evidence derived therefrom may
use such contents to the extent such use is appropriate to the proper
performance of his official duties.
   (3) Any person who has received, by any means authorized by this
chapter, any information concerning a wire, oral, or electronic
communication, or evidence derived therefrom intercepted in accordance
with the provisions of this chapter may disclose the contents of that
communication or such derivative evidence while giving testimony under
oath or affirmation in any proceeding held under the authority of the
United States or of any State or political subdivision thereof.
   (4) No otherwise privileged wire, oral, or electronic communication
intercepted in accordance with, or in violation of, the provisions of this
chapter shall lose its privileged character.
   (5) When an investigative or law enforcement officer, while engaged in
intercepting wire, oral, or electronic communications in the manner
authorized herein, intercepts wire, oral, or electronic communications
relating to offenses other than those specified in the order of
authorization or approval, the contents thereof, and evidence derived
therefrom, may be disclosed or used as provided in subsections (1) and (2)
of this section. Such contents and any evidence derived therefrom may be
used under subsection (3) of this section when authorized or approved by a
judge of competent jurisdiction where such judge finds on subsequent
application that the contents were otherwise intercepted in accordance
with the provisions of this chapter. Such application shall be made as
soon as practicable.
Sec. 2518.  Procedure for interception of wire, oral, or electronic
   (1) Each application for an order authorizing or approving the
interception of a wire, oral, or electronic communication under this
chapter shall be made in writing upon oath or affirmation to a judge of
competent jurisdiction and shall state the applicant's authority to make
such application. Each application shall include the following
   (a) the identity of the investigative or law enforcement officer making
the application, and the officer authorizing the application;
   (b) a full and complete statement of the facts and circumstances relied
upon by the applicant, to justify his belief that an order should be
issued, including (i) details as to the particular offense that has been,
is being, or is about to be committed, (ii) except as provided in
subsection (11), a particular description of the nature and location of
the facilities from which or the place where the communication is to be
intercepted, (iii) a particular description of the type of communications
sought to be intercepted, (iv) the identity of the person, if known,
committing the offense and whose communications are to be intercepted;
   (c) a full and complete statement as to whether or not other
investigative procedures have been tried and failed or why they reasonably
appear to be unlikely to succeed if tried or to be too dangerous;
   (d) a statement of the period of time for which the interception is
required to be maintained. If the nature of the investigation is such that
the authorization for interception should not automatically terminate when
the described type of communication has been first obtained, a particular
description of facts establishing probable cause to believe that
additional communications of the same type will occur thereafter;
   (e) a full and complete statement of the facts concerning all previous
applications known to the individual authorizing and making the
application, made to any judge for authorization to intercept, or for
approval of interceptions of, wire, oral, or electronic communications
involving any of the same persons, facilities or places specified in the
application, and the action taken by the judge on each such application;
   (f) where the application is for the extension of an order, a statement
setting forth the results thus far obtained from the interception, or a
reasonable explanation of the failure to obtain such results.
   (2) The judge may require the applicant to furnish additional testimony
or documentary evidence in support of the application.
   (3) Upon such application the judge may enter an ex parte order, as
requested or as modified, authorizing or approving interception of wire,
oral, or electronic communications within the territorial jurisdiction of
the court in which the judge is sitting (and outside that jurisdiction but
within the United States in the case of a mobile interception device
authorized by a Federal court within such jurisdiction), if the judge
determines on the basis of the facts submitted by the applicant that--
   (a) there is probable cause for belief that an individual is
committing, has committed, or is about to commit a particular offense
enumerated in section 2516 of this chapter;
   (b) there is probable cause for belief that particular communications
concerning that offense will be obtained through such interception;
   (c) normal investigative procedures have been tried and have failed or
reasonably appear to be unlikely to succeed if tried or to be too
   (d) except as provided in subsection (11), there is probable cause for
belief that the facilities from which, or the place where, the wire, oral,
or electronic communications are to be intercepted are being used, or are
about to be used, in connection with the commission of such offense, or
are leased to, listed in the name of, or commonly used by such person.
   (4) Each order authorizing or approving the interception of any wire,
oral, or electronic communication under this chapter shall specify--
   (a) the identity of the person, if known, whose communications are to
be intercepted;
   (b) the nature and location of the communications facilities as to
which, or the place where, authority to intercept is granted;
   (c) a particular description of the type of communication sought to be
intercepted, and a statement of the particular offense to which it
   (d) the identity of the agency authorized to intercept the
communications, and of the person authorizing the application; and
   (e) the period of time during which such interception is authorized,
including a statement as to whether or not the interception shall
automatically terminate when the described communication has been first
   An order authorizing the interception of a wire, oral, or electronic
communication under this chapter shall, upon request of the applicant,
direct that a provider of wire or electronic communication service,
landlord, custodian or other person shall furnish the applicant forthwith
all information, facilities, and technical assistance necessary to
accomplish the interception unobtrusively and with a minimum of
interference with the services that such service provider, landlord,
custodian, or person is according the person whose communications are to
be intercepted. Any provider of wire or electronic communication service,
landlord, custodian or other person furnishing such facilities or
technical assistance shall be compensated therefor by the applicant for
reasonable expenses incurred in providing such facilities or assistance.
   (5) No order entered under this section may authorize or approve the
interception of any wire, oral, or electronic communication for any period
longer than is necessary to achieve the objective of the authorization,
nor in any event longer than thirty days. Such thirty-day period begins on
the earlier of the day on which the investigative or law enforcement
officer first begins to conduct an interception under the order or ten
days after the order is entered. Extensions of an order may be granted,
but only upon application for an extension made in accordance with
subsection (1) of this section and the court making the findings required
by subsection (3) of this section. The period of extension shall be no
longer than the authorizing judge deems necessary to achieve the purposes
for which it was granted and in no event for longer than thirty days.
Every order and extension thereof shall contain a provision that the
authorization to intercept shall be executed as soon as practicable, shall
be conducted in such a way as to minimize the interception of
communications not otherwise subject to interception under this chapter,
and must terminate upon attainment of the authorized objective, or in any
event in thirty days. In the event the intercepted communication is in a
code or foreign language, and an expert in that foreign language or code
is not reasonably available during the interception period, minimization
may be accomplished as soon as practicable after such interception. An
interception under this chapter may be conducted in whole or in part by
Government personnel, or by an individual operating under a contract with
the Government, acting under the supervision of an investigative or law
enforcement officer authorized to conduct the interception.
   (6) Whenever an order authorizing interception is entered pursuant to
this chapter, the order may require reports to be made to the judge who
issued the order showing what progress has been made toward achievement of
the authorized objective and the need for continued interception. Such
reports shall be made at such intervals as the judge may require.
   (7) Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, any
investigative or law enforcement officer, specially designated by the
Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, the Associate Attorney
General, or by the principal prosecuting attorney of any State or
subdivision thereof acting pursuant to a statute of that State, who
reasonably determines that--
   (a) an emergency situation exists that involves--
   (i) immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person,
   (ii) conspiratorial activities threatening the national security
interest, or
   (iii) conspiratorial activities characteristic of organized crime,
   that requires a wire, oral, or electronic communication to be
intercepted before an order authorizing such interception can, with due
diligence, be obtained, and
   (b) there are grounds upon which an order could be entered under this
chapter to authorize such interception,
   may intercept such wire, oral, or electronic communication if an
application for an order approving the interception is made in accordance
with this section within forty-eight hours after the interception has
occurred, or begins to occur. In the absence of an order, such
interception shall immediately terminate when the communication sought is
obtained or when the application for the order is denied, whichever is
earlier. In the event such application for approval is denied, or in any
other case where the interception is terminated without an order having
been issued, the contents of any wire, oral, or electronic communication
intercepted shall be treated as having been obtained in violation of this
chapter, and an inventory shall be served as provided for in subsection
(d) of this section on the person named in the application.
   (8)(a) The contents of any wire, oral, or electronic communication
intercepted by any means authorized by this chapter shall, if possible, be
recorded on tape or wire or other comparable device. The recording of the
contents of any wire, oral, or electronic communication under this
subsection shall be done in such way as will protect the recording from
editing or other alterations. Immediately upon the expiration of the
period of the order, or extensions thereof, such recordings shall be made
available to the judge issuing such order and sealed under his directions.
Custody of the recordings shall be wherever the judge orders. They shall
not be destroyed except upon an order of the issuing or denying judge and
in any event shall be kept for ten years. Duplicate recordings may be made
for use or disclosure pursuant to the provisions of subsections (1) and
(2) of section 2517 of this chapter for investigations. The presence of
the seal provided for by this subsection, or a satisfactory explanation
for the absence thereof, shall be a prerequisite for the use or disclosure
of the contents of any wire, oral, or electronic communication or evidence
derived therefrom under subsection (3) of section 2517.
   (b) Applications made and orders granted under this chapter shall be
sealed by the judge. Custody of the applications and orders shall be
wherever the judge directs. Such applications and orders shall be
disclosed only upon a showing of good cause before a judge of competent
jurisdiction and shall not be destroyed except on order of the issuing or
denying judge, and in any event shall be kept for ten years.
   (c) Any violation of the provisions of this subsection may be punished
as contempt of the issuing or denying judge.
   (d) Within a reasonable time but not later than ninety days after the
filing of an application for an order of approval under section 2518(7)(b)
which is denied or the termination of the period of an order or extensions
thereof, the issuing or denying judge shall cause to be served, on the
persons named in the order or the application, and such other parties to
intercepted communications as the judge may determine in his discretion
that is in the interest of justice, an inventory which shall include
notice of--
   (1) the fact of the entry of the order or the application;
   (2) the date of the entry and the period of authorized, approved or
disapproved interception, or the denial of the application; and
   (3) the fact that during the period wire, oral, or electronic
communications were or were not intercepted.
   The judge, upon the filing of a motion, may in his discretion make
available to such person or his counsel for inspection such portions of
the intercepted communications, applications and orders as the judge
determines to be in the interest of justice. On an ex parte showing of
good cause to a judge of competent jurisdiction the serving of the
inventory required by this subsection may be postponed.
   (9) The contents of any wire, oral, or electronic communication
intercepted pursuant to this chapter or evidence derived therefrom shall
not be received in evidence or otherwise disclosed in any trial, hearing,
or other proceeding in a Federal or State court unless each party, not
less than ten days before the trial, hearing, or proceeding, has been
furnished with a copy of the court order, and accompanying application,
under which the interception was authorized or approved. This ten-day
period may be waived by the judge if he finds that it was not possible to
furnish the party with the above information ten days before the trial,
hearing, or proceeding and that the party will not be prejudiced by the
delay in receiving such information.
   (10)(a) Any aggrieved person in any trial, hearing, or proceeding in or
before any court, department, officer, agency, regulatory body, or other
authority of the United States, a State, or a political subdivision
thereof, may move to suppress the contents of any wire or oral
communication intercepted pursuant to this chapter, or evidence derived
therefrom, on the grounds that--
   (i) the communication was unlawfully intercepted;
   (ii) the order of authorization or approval under which it was
intercepted is insufficient on its face; or
   (iii) the interception was not made in conformity with the order of
authorization or approval.
   Such motion shall be made before the trial, hearing, or proceeding
unless there was no opportunity to make such motion or the person was not
aware of the grounds of the motion. If the motion is granted, the contents
of the intercepted wire or oral communication, or evidence derived
therefrom, shall be treated as having been obtained in violation of this
chapter. The judge, upon the filing of such motion by the aggrieved
person, may in his discretion make available to the aggrieved person or
his counsel for inspection such portions of the intercepted communication
or evidence derived therefrom as the judge determines to be in the
interests of justice.
   (b) In addition to any other right to appeal, the United States shall
have the right to appeal from an order granting a motion to suppress made
under paragraph (a) of this subsection, or the denial of an application
for an order of approval, if the United States attorney shall certify to
the judge or other official granting such motion or denying such
application that the appeal is not taken for purposes of delay. Such
appeal shall be taken within thirty days after the date the order was
entered and shall be diligently prosecuted.
   (c) The remedies and sanctions described in this chapter with respect
to the interception of electronic communications are the only judicial
remedies and sanctions for nonconstitutional violations of this chapter
involving such communications.
   (11) The requirements of subsections (1)(b)(ii) and (3)(d) of this
section relating to the specification of the facilities from which, or the
place where, the communication is to be intercepted do not apply if--
   (a) in the case of an application with respect to the interception of
an oral communication--
   (i) the application is by a Federal investigative or law enforcement
officer and is approved by the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney
General, the Associate Attorney General, an Assistant Attorney General, or
an acting Assistant Attorney General;
   (ii) the application contains a full and complete statement as to why
such specification is not practical and identifies the person committing
the offense and whose communications are to be intercepted; and
   (iii) the judge finds that such specification is not practical; and
   (b) in the case of an application with respect to a wire or electronic
   (i) the application is by a Federal investigative or law enforcement
officer and is approved by the Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney
General, the Associate Attorney General, an Assistant Attorney General, or
an acting Assistant Attorney General;
   (ii) the application identifies the person believed to be committing
the offense and whose communications are to be intercepted and the
applicant makes a showing of a purpose, on the part of that person, to
thwart interception by changing facilities; and
   (iii) the judge finds that such purpose has been adequately shown.
   (12) An interception of a communication under an order with respect to
which the requirements of subsections (1)(b)(ii) and (3)(d) of this
section do not apply by reason of subsection (11) shall not begin until
the facilities from which, or the place where, the communication is to be
intercepted is ascertained by the person implementing the interception
order. A provider of wire or electronic communications service that has
received an order as provided for in subsection (11)(b) may move the court
to modify or quash the order on the ground that its assistance with
respect to the interception cannot be performed in a timely or reasonable
fashion. The court, upon notice to the government, shall decide such a
motion expeditiously.
Sec. 2519.  Reports concerning intercepted wire, oral, or electronic
   (1) Within thirty days after the expiration of an order (or each
extension thereof) entered under section 2518, or the denial of an order
approving an interception, the issuing or denying judge shall report to
the Administrative Office of the United States Courts--
   (a) the fact that an order or extension was applied for;
   (b) the kind of order or extension applied for (including whether or
not the order was an order with respect to which the requirements of
sections 2518(1)(b)(ii) and 2518(3)(d) of this title did not apply by
reason of section 2518(11) of this title);
   (c) the fact that the order or extension was granted as applied for,
was modified, or was denied;
   (d) the period of interceptions authorized by the order, and the number
and duration of any extensions of the order;
   (e) the offense specified in the order or application, or extension of
an order;
   (f) the identity of the applying investigative or law enforcement
officer and agency making the application and the person authorizing the
application; and
   (g) the nature of the facilities from which or the place where
communications were to be intercepted.
   (2) In January of each year the Attorney General, an Assistant Attorney
General specially designated by the Attorney General, or the principal
prosecuting attorney of a State, or the principal prosecuting attorney for
any political subdivision of a State, shall report to the Administrative
Office of the United States Courts--
   (a) the information required by paragraphs (a) through (g) of
subsection (1) of this section with respect to each application for an
order or extension made during the preceding calendar year;
   (b) a general description of the interceptions made under such order or
extension, including (i) the approximate nature and frequency of
incriminating communications intercepted, (ii) the approximate nature and
frequency of other communications intercepted, (iii) the approximate
number of persons whose communications were intercepted, and (iv) the
approximate nature, amount, and cost of the manpower and other resources
used in the interceptions;
   (c) the number of arrests resulting from interceptions made under such
order or extension, and the offenses for which arrests were made;
   (d) the number of trials resulting from such interceptions;
   (e) the number of motions to suppress made with respect to such
interceptions, and the number granted or denied;
   (f) the number of convictions resulting from such interceptions and the
offenses for which the convictions were obtained and a general assessment
of the importance of the interceptions; and
   (g) the information required by paragraphs (b) through (f) of this
subsection with respect to orders or extensions obtained in a preceding
calendar year.
   (3) In April of each year the Director of the Administrative Office of
the United States Courts shall transmit to the Congress a full and
complete report concerning the number of applications for orders
authorizing or approving the interception of wire, oral, or electronic
communications pursuant to this chapter and the number of orders and
extensions granted or denied pursuant to this chapter during the preceding
calendar year. Such report shall include a summary and analysis of the
data required to be filed with the Administrative Office by subsections
(1) and (2) of this section. The Director of the Administrative Office of
the United States Courts is authorized to issue binding regulations
dealing with the content and form of the reports required to be filed by
subsections (1) and (2) of this section.
Sec. 2520.  Recovery of civil damages authorized
   (a) In general. Except as provided in section 2511(2)(a)(ii), any
person whose wire, oral, or electronic communication is intercepted,
disclosed, or intentionally used in violation of this chapter may in a
civil action recover from the person or entity which engaged in that
violation such relief as may be appropriate.
   (b) Relief. In an action under this section, appropriate relief
   (1) such preliminary and other equitable or declaratory relief as may
be appropriate;
   (2) damages under subsection (c) and punitive damages in appropriate
cases; and
   (3) a reasonable attorney's fee and other litigation costs reasonably
   (c) Computation of damages.
   (1) In an action under this section, if the conduct in violation of
this chapter, is the private viewing of a private satellite video
communication that is not scrambled or encrypted or if the communication
is a radio communication that is transmitted on frequencies allocated
under subpart D of part 74 of the rules of the Federal Communications
Commission that is not scrambled or encrypted and the conduct is not for a
tortious or illegal purpose or for purposes of direct or indirect
commercial advantage or private commercial gain, then the court shall
assess damages as follows:
   (A) If the person who engaged in that conduct has not previously been
enjoined under section 2511(5) and has not been found liable in a prior
civil action under this section, the court shall assess the greater of the
sum of actual damages suffered by the plaintiff, or statutory damages of
not less than $ 50 and not more than $ 500.
   (B) If, on one prior occasion, the person who engaged in that conduct
has been enjoined under section 2511(5) or has been found liable in a
civil action under this section, the court shall assess the greater of the
sum of actual damages suffered by the plaintiff, or statutory damages of
not less than $ 100 and not more than $ 1000.
   (2) In any other action under this section, the court may assess as
damages whichever is the greater of--
   (A) the sum of the actual damages suffered by the plaintiff and any
profits made by the violator as a result of the violation; or
   (B) statutory damages of whichever is the greater of $ 100 a day for
each day of violation or $ 10,000.
   (d) Defense. A good faith reliance on--
   (1) a court warrant or order, a grand jury subpoena, a legislative
authorization, or a statutory authorization;
   (2) a request of an investigative or law enforcement officer under
section 2518(7) of this title; or
   (3) a good faith determination that section 2511(3) of this title
permitted the conduct complained of; is a complete defense against any
civil or criminal action brought under this chapter or any other law.
   (e) Limitation. A civil action under this section may not be commenced
later than two years after the date upon which the claimant first has a
reasonable opportunity to discover the violation.
Sec. 2521.  Injunction against illegal interception
   Whenever it shall appear that any person is engaged or is about to
engage in any act which constitutes or will constitute a felony violation
of this chapter, the Attorney General may initiate a civil action in a
district court of the United States to enjoin such violation. The court
shall proceed as soon as practicable to the hearing and determination of
such an action, and may, at any time before final determination, enter
such a restraining order or prohibition, or take such other action, as is
warranted to prevent a continuing and substantial injury to the United
States or to any person or class of persons for whose protection the
action is brought. A proceeding under this section is governed by the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, except that, if an indictment has been
returned against the respondent, discovery is governed by the Federal
Rules of Criminal Procedure.
 CHAPTER 121.  STORED WIRE AND ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS AND TRANSACTIONAL
RECORDS ACCESS
Sec. 2701.  Unlawful access to stored communications
   (a) Offense. Except as provided in subsection (c) of this section
   (1) intentionally accesses without authorization a facility through
which an electronic communication service is provided; or
   (2) intentionally exceeds an authorization to access that facility; and
thereby obtains, alters, or prevents authorized access to a wire or
electronic communication while it is in electronic storage in such system
shall be punished as provided in subsection (b) of this section.
   (b) Punishment. The punishment for an offense under subsection (a) of
this section is--
   (1) if the offense is committed for purposes of commercial advantage,
malicious destruction or damage, or private commercial gain--
   (A) a fine of not more than $ 250,000 or imprisonment for not more than
one year, or both, in the case of a first offense under this subparagraph;
   (B) a fine under this title or imprisonment for not more than two
years, or both, for any subsequent offense under this subparagraph; and
   (2) a fine of not more than $ 5,000 or imprisonment for not more than
six months, or both, in any other case.
   (c) Exceptions. Subsection (a) of this section does not apply with
respect to conduct authorized--
   (1) by the person or entity providing a wire or electronic
communications service;
   (2) by a user of that service with respect to a communication of or
intended for that user; or
   (3) in section 2703, 2704 or 2518 of this title.
Sec. 2702.  Disclosure of contents
   (a) Prohibitions. Except as provided in subsection (b)--
   (1) a person or entity providing an electronic communication service to
the public shall not knowingly divulge to any person or entity the
contents of a communication while in electronic storage by that service;
   (2) a person or entity providing remote computing service to the public
shall not knowingly divulge to any person or entity the contents of any
communication which is carried or maintained on that service--
   (A) on behalf of, and received by means of electronic transmission from
(or created by means of computer processing of communications received by
means of electronic transmission from), a subscriber or customer of such
service; and
   (B) solely for the purpose of providing storage or computer processing
services to such subscriber or customer, if the provider is not authorized
to access the contents of any such communications for purposes of
providing any services other than storage or computer processing.
   (b) Exceptions. A person or entity may divulge the contents of a
   (1) to an addressee or intended recipient of such communication or an
agent of such addressee or intended recipient;
   (2) as otherwise authorized in section 2517, 2511(2)(a), or 2703 of
this title;
   (3) with the lawful consent of the originator or an addressee or
intended recipient of such communication, or the subscriber in the case of
remote computing service;
   (4) to a person employed or authorized or whose facilities are used to
forward such communication to its destination;
   (5) as may be necessarily incident to the rendition of the service or
to the protection of the rights or property of the provider of that
service; or
   (6) to a law enforcement agency, if such contents--
   (A) were inadvertently obtained by the service provider; and
   (B) appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
Sec. 2704.  Backup preservation
   (a) Backup preservation.
   (1) A governmental entity acting under section 2703(b)(2) may include
in its subpoena or court order a requirement that the service provider to
whom the request is directed create a backup copy of the contents of the
electronic communications sought in order to preserve those
communications. Without notifying the subscriber or customer of such
subpoena or court order, such service provider shall create such backup
copy as soon as practicable consistent with its regular business practices
and shall confirm to the governmental entity that such backup copy has
been made. Such backup copy shall be created within two business days
after receipt by the service provider of the subpoena or court order.
   (2) Notice to the subscriber or customer shall be made by the
governmental entity within three days after receipt of such confirmation,
unless such notice is delayed pursuant to section 2705(a).
   (3) The service provider shall not destroy such backup copy until the
later of--
   (A) the delivery of the information; or
   (B) the resolution of any proceedings (including appeals of any
proceeding) concerning the government's subpoena or court order.
   (4) The service provider shall release such backup copy to the
requesting governmental entity no sooner than fourteen days after the
governmental entity's notice to the subscriber or customer if such service
   (A) has not received notice from the subscriber or customer that the
subscriber or customer has challenged the governmental entity's request;
   (B) has not initiated proceedings to challenge the request of the
governmental entity.
   (5) A governmental entity may seek to require the creation of a backup
copy under subsection (a)(1) of this section if in its sole discretion
such entity determines that there is reason to believe that notification
under section 2703 of this title of the existence of the subpoena or court
order may result in destruction of or tampering with evidence. This
determination is not subject to challenge by the subscriber or customer or
service provider.
   (b) Customer challenges.
   (1) Within fourteen days after notice by the governmental entity to the
subscriber or customer under subsection (a)(2) of this section, such
subscriber or customer may file a motion to quash such subpoena or vacate
such court order, with copies served upon the governmental entity and with
written notice of such challenge to the service provider. A motion to
vacate a court order shall be filed in the court which issued such order.
A motion to quash a subpoena shall be filed in the appropriate United
States district court or State court. Such motion or application shall
contain an affidavit or sworn statement--
   (A) stating that the applicant is a customer or subscriber to the
service from which the contents of electronic communications maintained
for him have been sought; and
   (B) stating the applicant's reasons for believing that the records
sought are not relevant to a legitimate law enforcement inquiry or that
there has not been substantial compliance with the provisions of this
chapter in some other respect.
   (2) Service shall be made under this section upon a governmental entity
by delivering or mailing by registered or certified mail a copy of the
papers to the person, office, or department specified in the notice which
the customer has received pursuant to this chapter. For the purposes of
this section, the term "delivery" has the meaning given that term in the
Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.
   (3) If the court finds that the customer has complied with paragraphs
(1) and (2) of this subsection, the court shall order the governmental
entity to file a sworn response, which may be filed in camera if the
governmental entity includes in its response the reasons which make in
camera review appropriate. If the court is unable to determine the motion
or application on the basis of the parties' initial allegations and
response, the court may conduct such additional proceedings as it deems
appropriate. All such proceedings shall be completed and the motion or
application decided as soon as practicable after the filing of the
governmental entity's response.
   (4) If the court finds that the applicant is not the subscriber or
customer for whom the communications sought by the governmental entity are
maintained, or that there is a reason to believe that the law enforcement
inquiry is legitimate and that the communications sought are relevant to
that inquiry, it shall deny the motion or application and order such
process enforced. If the court finds that the applicant is the subscriber
or customer for whom the communications sought by the governmental entity
are maintained, and that there is not a reason to believe that the
communications sought are relevant to a legitimate law enforcement
inquiry, or that there has not been substantial compliance with the
provisions of this chapter, it shall order the process quashed.
   (5) A court order denying a motion or application under this section
shall not be deemed a final order and no interlocutory appeal may be taken
therefrom by the customer.
Sec. 2705.  Delayed notice
   (a) Delay of notification.
   (1) A governmental entity acting under section 2703(b) of this title
   (A) where a court order is sought, include in the application a
request, which the court shall grant, for an order delaying the
notification required under section 2703(b) of this title for a period not
to exceed ninety days, if the court determines that there is reason to
believe that notification of the existence of the court order may have an
adverse result described in paragraph (2) of this subsection; or
   (B) where an administrative subpoena authorized by a Federal or State
statute or a Federal or State grand jury subpoena is obtained, delay the
notification required under section 2703(b) of this title for a period not
to exceed ninety days upon the execution of a written certification of a
supervisory official that there is reason to believe that notification of
the existence of the subpoena may have an adverse result described in
paragraph (2) of this subsection.
   (2) An adverse result for the purposes of paragraph (1) of this
subsection is--
   (A) endangering the life or physical safety of an individual;
   (B) flight from prosecution;
   (C) destruction of or tampering with evidence;
   (D) intimidation of potential witnesses; or
   (E) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an investigation or unduly
delaying a trial.
   (3) The governmental entity shall maintain a true copy of certification
under paragraph (1)(B).
   (4) Extensions of the delay of notification provided in section 2703 of
up to ninety days each may be granted by the court upon application, or by
certification by a governmental entity, but only in accordance with
subsection (b) of this section.
   (5) Upon expiration of the period of delay of notification under
paragraph (1) or (4) of this subsection, the governmental entity shall
serve upon, or deliver by registered or first-class mail to, the customer
or subscriber a copy of the process or request together with notice that--
   (A) states with reasonable specificity the nature of the law
enforcement inquiry; and
   (B) informs such customer or subscriber--
   (i) that information maintained for such customer or subscriber by the
service provider named in such process or request was supplied to or
requested by that governmental authority and the date on which the
supplying or request took place;
   (ii) that notification of such customer or subscriber was delayed;
   (iii) what governmental entity or court made the certification or
determination pursuant to which that delay was made; and
   (iv) which provision of this chapter allowed such delay.
   (6) As used in this subsection, the term "supervisory official" means
the investigative agent in charge or assistant investigative agent in
charge or an equivalent of an investigating agency's headquarters or
regional office, or the chief prosecuting attorney or the first assistant
prosecuting attorney or an equivalent of a prosecuting attorney's
headquarters or regional office.
   (b) Preclusion of notice to subject of governmental access. A
governmental entity acting under section 2703, when it is not required to
notify the subscriber or customer under section 2703(b)(1), or to the
extent that it may delay such notice pursuant to subsection (a) of this
section, may apply to a court for an order commanding a provider of
electronic communications service or remote computing service to whom a
warrant, subpoena, or court order is directed, for such period as the
court deems appropriate, not to notify any other person of the existence
of the warrant, subpoena, or court order. The court shall enter such an
order if it determines that there is reason to believe that notification
of the existence of the warrant, subpoena, or court order will result in--
   (1) endangering the life or physical safety of an individual;
   (2) flight from prosecution;
   (3) destruction of or tampering with evidence;
   (4) intimidation of potential witnesses; or
   (5) otherwise seriously jeopardizing an investigation or unduly
delaying a trial.
Sec. 2706.  Cost reimbursement
   (a) Payment. Except as otherwise provided in subsection (c), a
governmental entity obtaining the contents of communications, records, or
other information under section 2702, 2703, or 2704 of this title shall
pay to the person or entity assembling or providing such information a fee
for reimbursement for such costs as are reasonably necessary and which
have been directly incurred in searching for, assembling, reproducing, or
otherwise providing such information. Such reimbursable costs shall
include any costs due to necessary disruption of normal operations of any
electronic communication service or remote computing service in which such
information may be stored.
   (b) Amount. The amount of the fee provided by subsection (a) shall be
as mutually agreed by the governmental entity and the person or entity
providing the information, or, in the absence of agreement, shall be as
determined by the court which issued the order for production of such
information (or the court before which a criminal prosecution relating to
such information would be brought, if no court order was issued for
production of the information).
   (c) Exception. The requirement of subsection (a) of this section does
not apply with respect to records or other information maintained by a
communications common carrier that relate to telephone toll records and
telephone listings obtained under section 2703 of this title. The court
may, however, order a payment as described in subsection (a) if the court
determines the information required is unusually voluminous in nature or
otherwise caused an undue burden on the provider.
Sec. 2707.  Civil action
   (a) Cause of action. Except as provided in section 2703(e), any
provider of electronic communication service, subscriber, or customer
aggrieved by any violation of this chapter in which the conduct
constituting the violation is engaged in with a knowing or intentional
state of mind may, in a civil action, recover from the person or entity
which engaged in that violation such relief as may be appropriate.
   (b) Relief. In a civil action under this section, appropriate relief
   (1) such preliminary and other equitable or declaratory relief as may
be appropriate;
   (2) damages under subsection (c); and
   (3) a reasonable attorney's fee and other litigation costs reasonably
   (c) Damages. The court may assess as damages in a civil action under
this section the sum of the actual damages suffered by the plaintiff and
any profits made by the violator as a result of the violation, but in no
case shall a person entitled to recover receive less than the sum of $
   (d) Defense. A good faith reliance on--
   (1) a court warrant or order, a grand jury subpoena, a legislative
authorization, or a statutory authorization;
   (2) a request of an investigative or law enforcement officer under
section 2518(7) of this title; or
   (3) a good faith determination that section 2511(3) of this title
permitted the conduct complained of; is a complete defense to any civil or
criminal action brought under this chapter or any other law.
   (e) Limitation. A civil action under this section may not be commenced
later than two years after the date upon which the claimant first
discovered or had a reasonable opportunity to discover the violation.
Sec. 2708.  Exclusivity of remedies
   The remedies and sanctions described in this chapter  are the only
judicial remedies and sanctions for nonconstitutional violations of this
Sec. 2709.  Counterintelligence access to telephone toll and
transactional records
   (a) Duty to provide. A wire or electronic communication service
provider shall comply with a request for subscriber information and toll
billing records information, or electronic communication transactional
records in its custody or possession made by the Director of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation under subsection (b) of this section.
   (b) Required certification. The Director of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation (or an individual within the Federal Bureau of Investigation
designated for this purpose by the Director) may request any such
information and records if the Director (or the Director's designee)
certifies in writing to the wire or electronic communication service
provider to which the request is made that--
   (1) the information sought is relevant to an authorized foreign
counterintelligence investigation; and
   (2) there are specific and articulable facts giving reason to believe
that the person or entity to whom the information sought pertains is a
foreign power or an agent of a foreign power as defined in section 101 of
the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801).
   (c) Prohibition of certain disclosure. No wire or electronic
communication service provider, or officer, employee, or agent thereof,
shall disclose to any person that the Federal Bureau of Investigation has
sought or obtained access to information or records under this section.
   (d) Dissemination by bureau. The Federal Bureau of Investigation may
disseminate information and records obtained under this section only as
provided in guidelines approved by the Attorney General for foreign
intelligence collection and foreign counterintelligence investigations
conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and, with respect to
dissemination to an agency of the United States, only if such information
is clearly relevant to the authorized responsibilities of such agency.
   (e) Requirement that certain Congressional bodies be informed. On a
semiannual basis the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall
fully inform the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House
of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate
concerning all requests made under subsection (b) of this section.
Sec. 2710.  Wrongful disclosure of video tape rental or sale records
   (a) Definitions. For purposes of this section--
   (1) the term "consumer" means any renter, purchaser, or subscriber of
goods or services from a video tape service provider;
   (2) the term "ordinary course of business" means only debt collection
activities, order fulfillment, request processing, and the transfer of
   (3) the term "personally identifiable information" includes information
which identifies a person as having requested or obtained specific video
materials or services from a video tape service provider; and
   (4) the term "video tape service provider" means any person, engaged in
the business, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, of rental,
sale, or delivery of prerecorded video cassette tapes or similar audio
visual materials, or any person or other entity to whom a disclosure is
made under subparagraph (D) or (E) of subsection (b)(2), but only with
respect to the information contained in the disclosure.
   (b) Video tape rental and sale records.
   (1) A video tape service provider who knowingly discloses, to any
person, personally identifiable information concerning any consumer of
such provider shall be liable to the aggrieved person for the relief
provided in subsection (d).
   (2) A video tape service provider may disclose personally identifiable
information concerning any consumer--
   (A) to the consumer;
   (B) to any person with the informed, written consent of the consumer
given at the time the disclosure is sought;
   (C) to a law enforcement agency pursuant to a warrant issued under the
Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure, an equivalent State warrant, a grand
jury subpoena, or a court order;
   (D) to any person if the disclosure is solely of the names and
addresses of consumers and if--
   (i) the video tape service provider has provided the consumer with the
opportunity, in a clear and conspicuous manner, to prohibit such
disclosure; and
   (ii) the disclosure does not identify the title, description, or
subject matter of any video tapes or other audio visual material; however,
the subject matter of such materials may be disclosed if the disclosure is
for the exclusive use of marketing goods and services directly to the
   (E) to any person if the disclosure is incident to the ordinary course
of business of the video tape service provider; or
   (F) pursuant to a court order, in a civil proceeding upon a showing of
compelling need for the information that cannot be accommodated by any
other means, if--
   (i) the consumer is given reasonable notice, by the person seeking the
disclosure, of the court proceeding relevant to the issuance of the court
order; and
   (ii) the consumer is afforded the opportunity to appear and contest the
claim of the person seeking the disclosure.
   If an order is granted pursuant to subparagraph (C) or (F), the court
shall impose appropriate safeguards against unauthorized disclosure.
   (3) Court orders authorizing disclosure under subparagraph (C) shall
issue only with prior notice to the consumer and only if the law
enforcement agency shows that there is probable cause to believe that the
records or other information sought are relevant to a legitimate law
enforcement inquiry. In the case of a State government authority, such a
court order shall not issue if prohibited by the law of such State. A
court issuing an order pursuant to this section, on a motion made promptly
by the video tape service provider, may quash or modify such order if the
information or records requested are unreasonably voluminous in nature or
if compliance with such order otherwise would cause an unreasonable burden
on such provider.
   (c) Civil action.
   (1) Any person aggrieved by any act of a person in violation of this
section may bring a civil action in a United States district court.
   (2) The court may award--
   (A) actual damages but not less than liquidated damages in an amount of
$ 2,500;
   (B) punitive damages;
   (C) reasonable attorneys' fees and other litigation costs reasonably
incurred; and
   (D) such other preliminary and equitable relief as the court determines
to be appropriate.
   (3) No action may be brought under this subsection unless such action
is begun within 2 years from the date of the act complained of or the date
of discovery.
   (4) No liability shall result from lawful disclosure permitted by this
   (d) Personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable
information obtained in any manner other than as provided in this section
shall not be received in evidence in any trial, hearing, arbitration, or
other proceeding in or before any court, grand jury, department, officer,
agency, regulatory body, legislative committee, or other authority of the
United States, a State, or a political subdivision of a State.
   (e) Destruction of old records. A person subject to this section shall
destroy personally identifiable information as soon as practicable, but no
later than one year from the date the information is no longer necessary
for the purpose for which it was collected and there are no pending
requests or orders for access to such information under subsection (b)(2)
or (c)(2) or pursuant to a court order.
   (f) Preemption. The provisions of this section preempt only the
provisions of State or local law that require disclosure prohibited by
this section.
Sec. 2711.  Definitions for chapter
   As used in this chapter--
   (1) the terms defined in section 2510 of this title have, respectively,
the definitions given such terms in that section; and
   (2) the term "remote computing service" means the provision to the
public of computer storage or processing services by means of an
electronic communications system.
 TITLE 18.  CRIMES AND CRIMINAL PROCEDURE  PART II.  CRIMINAL PROCEDURE  CHAPTER 206.  PEN REGISTERS AND TRAP AND TRACE DEVICES
Sec. 3121.  General prohibition on pen register and trap and trace device
use; exception
   (a) In general. Except as provided in this section, no person may
install or use a pen register or a trap and trace device without first
obtaining a court order under section 3123 of this title or under the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801 et seq.).
   (b) Exception. The prohibition of subsection (a) does not apply with
respect to the use of a pen register or a trap and trace device by a
provider of electronic or wire communication service--
   (1) relating to the operation, maintenance, and testing of a wire or
electronic communication service or to the protection of the rights or
property of such provider, or to the protection of users of that service
from abuse of service or unlawful use of service; or
   (2) to record the fact that a wire or electronic communication was
initiated or completed in order to protect such provider, another provider
furnishing service toward the completion of the wire communication, or a
user of that service, from fraudulent, unlawful or abusive use of service;
   (3) where the consent of the user of that service has been obtained.
   (c) Penalty. Whoever knowingly violates subsection (a) shall be fined
under this title or imprisoned not more than one year, or both.
Sec. 3122.  Application for an order for a pen register or a trap and
trace device
   (a) Application.
   (1) An attorney for the Government may make application for an order or
an extension of an order under section 3123 of this title authorizing or
approving the installation and use of a pen register or a trap and trace
device under this chapter, in writing under oath or equivalent
affirmation, to a court of competent jurisdiction.
   (2) Unless prohibited by State law, a State investigative or law
enforcement officer may make application for an order or an extension of
an order under section 3123 of this title authorizing or approving the
installation and use of a pen register or a trap and trace device under
this chapter, in writing under oath or equivalent affirmation, to a court
of competent jurisdiction of such State.
   (b) Contents of application. An application under subsection (a) of
this section shall include--
   (1) the identity of the attorney for the Government or the State law
enforcement or investigative officer making the application and the
identity of the law enforcement agency conducting the investigation; and
   (2) a certification by the applicant that the information likely to be
obtained is relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation being conducted
by that agency.
Sec. 3123.  Issuance of an order for a pen register or a trap and trace
   (a) In general. Upon an application made under section 3122 of this
title, the court shall enter an ex parte order authorizing the
installation and use of a pen register or a trap and trace device within
the jurisdiction of the court if the court finds that the attorney for the
Government or the State law enforcement or investigative officer has
certified to the court that the information likely to be obtained by such
installation and use is relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation.
   (b) Contents of order. An order issued under this section--
   (1) shall specify--
   (A) the identity, if known, of the person to whom is leased or in whose
name is listed the telephone line to which the pen register or trap and
trace device is to be attached;
   (B) the identity, if known, of the person who is the subject of the
criminal investigation;
   (C) the number and, if known, physical location of the telephone line
to which the pen register or trap and trace device is to be attached and,
in the case of a trap and trace device, the geographic limits of the trap
and trace order; and
   (D) a statement of the offense to which the information likely to be
obtained by the pen register or trap and trace device relates; and
   (2) shall direct, upon the request of the applicant, the furnishing of
information, facilities, and technical assistance necessary to accomplish
the installation of the pen register or trap and trace device under
section 3124 of this title.
   (c) Time period and extensions.
   (1) An order issued under this section shall authorize the installation
and use of a pen register or a trap and trace device for a period not to
exceed sixty days.
   (2) Extensions of such an order may be granted, but only upon an
application for an order under section 3122 of this title and upon the
judicial finding required by subsection (a) of this section. The period of
extension shall be for a period not to exceed sixty days.
   (d) Nondisclosure of existence of pen register or a trap and trace
device. An order authorizing or approving the installation and use of a
pen register or a trap and trace device shall direct that--
   (1) the order be sealed until otherwise ordered by the court; and
   (2) the person owning or leasing the line to which the pen register or
a trap and trace device is attached, or who has been ordered by the court
to provide assistance to the applicant, not disclose the existence of the
pen register or trap and trace device or the existence of the
investigation to the listed subscriber, or to any other person, unless or
until otherwise ordered by the court.
Sec. 3124.  Assistance in installation and use of a pen register or a
trap and trace device
   (a) Pen registers. Upon the request of an attorney for the government
or an officer of a law enforcement agency authorized to install and use a
pen register under this chapter, a provider of wire or electronic
communication service, landlord, custodian, or other person shall furnish
such investigative or law enforcement officer forthwith all information,
facilities, and technical assistance necessary to accomplish the
installation of the pen register unobtrusively and with a minimum of
interference with the services that the person so ordered by the court
accords the party with respect to whom the installation and use is to take
place, if such assistance is directed by a court order as provided in
section 3123(b)(2) of this title.
   (b) Trap and trace device. Upon the request of an attorney for the
Government or an officer of a law enforcement agency authorized to receive
the results of a trap and trace device under this chapter, a provider of a
wire or electronic communication service, landlord, custodian, or other
person shall install such device forthwith on the appropriate line and
shall furnish such investigative or law enforcement officer all additional
information, facilities and technical assistance including installation
and operation of the device unobtrusively and with a minimum of
interference with the services that the person so ordered by the court
accords the party with respect to whom the installation and use is to take
place, if such installation and assistance is directed by a court order as
provided in section 3123(b)(2) of this title. Unless otherwise ordered by
the court, the results of the trap and trace device shall be furnished,
pursuant to section 3123(b) or section 3125 of this title, to the officer
of a law enforcement agency, designated in the court order, at reasonable
intervals during regular business hours for the duration of the order.
   (c) Compensation. A provider of a wire or electronic communication
service, landlord, custodian, or other person who furnishes facilities or
technical assistance pursuant to this section shall be reasonably
compensated for such reasonable expenses incurred in providing such
facilities and assistance.
   (d) No cause of action against a provider disclosing information under
this chapter. No cause of action shall lie in any court against any
provider of a wire or electronic communication service, its officers,
employees, agents, or other specified persons for providing information,
facilities, or assistance in accordance with the terms of a court order
under this chapter or request pursuant to section 3125 of this title.
   (e) Defense. A good faith reliance on a court order under this chapter,
a request pursuant to section 3125 of this title, a legislative
authorization, or a statutory authorization is a complete defense against
any civil or criminal action brought under this chapter or any other law.
Sec. 3125.  Emergency pen register and trap and trace device installation
   (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of this chapter, any
investigative or law enforcement officer, specially designated by the
Attorney General, the Deputy Attorney General, the Associate Attorney
General, any Assistant Attorney General, any acting Assistant Attorney
General, or any Deputy Assistant Attorney General, or by the principal
prosecuting attorney of any State or subdivision thereof acting pursuant
to a statute of that State, who reasonably determines that--
   (1) an emergency situation exists that involves--
   (A) immediate danger of death or serious bodily injury to any person;
   (B) conspiratorial activities characteristic of organized crime,
   that requires the installation and use of a pen register or a trap and
trace device before an order authorizing such installation and use can,
with due diligence, be obtained, and
   (2) there are grounds upon which an order could be entered under this
chapter to authorize such installation and use "may have installed and use
a pen register or trap and trace device if, within forty-eight hours after
the installation has occurred, or begins to occur, an order approving the
installation or use is issued in accordance with section 3123 of this
   (b) In the absence of an authorizing order, such use shall immediately
terminate when the information sought is obtained, when the application
for the order is denied or when forty-eight hours have lapsed since the
installation of the pen register or trap and trace device, whichever is
   (c) The knowing installation or use by any investigative or law
enforcement officer of a pen register or trap and trace device pursuant to
subsection (a) without application for the authorizing order within
forty-eight hours of the installation shall constitute a violation of this
   (d) A provider for a wire or electronic service, landlord, custodian,
or other person who furnished facilities or technical assistance pursuant
to this section shall be reasonably compensated for such reasonable
expenses incurred in providing such facilities and assistance.
Sec. 3126.  Reports concerning pen registers and trap and trace devices
   The Attorney General shall annually report to Congress on the number of
pen register orders and orders for trap and trace devices applied for by
law enforcement agencies of the Department of Justice.
Sec. 3127.  Definitions for chapter
   As used in this chapter--
   (1) the terms "wire communication", "electronic communication", and
"electronic communication service" have the meanings set forth for such
terms in section 2510 of this title;
   (2) the term "court of competent jurisdiction" means--
   (A) a district court of the United States (including a magistrate of
such a court) or a United States Court of Appeals; or
   (B) a court of general criminal jurisdiction of a State authorized by
the law of that State to enter orders authorizing the use of a pen
register or a trap and trace device;
   (3) the term "pen register" means a device which records or decodes
electronic or other impulses which identify the numbers dialed or
otherwise transmitted on the telephone line to which such device is
attached, but such term does not include any device used by a provider or
customer of a wire or electronic communication service for billing, or
recording as an incident to billing, for communications services provided
by such provider or any device used by a provider or customer of a wire
communication service for cost accounting or other like purposes in the
ordinary course of its business;
   (4) the term "trap and trace device" means a device which captures the
incoming electronic or other impulses which identify the originating
number of an instrument or device from which a wire or electronic
communication was transmitted;
   (5) the term "attorney for the Government" has the meaning given such
term for the purposes of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure; and
   (6) the term "State" means a State, the District of Columbia, Puerto
Rico, and any other possession or territory of the United States.

@_date: 1993-10-05 05:00:19
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: More Anonymous "Annoyance" 
anonymous writes, among other things:
This posting illustrates the common logic problem behind rationales for
e-mail snooping. Note that, according to anonymous, there was no criminal
activity detected on this NirvanaNet node. Yet it was still searched.
What triggered the search of NirvanaNet seems to have been the unencrypted
discussions and text files, not the encrypted or private mail.
The notion that e-mail snooping has some kind of magic power to prevent
police searches still has no evidence to support it.

@_date: 1993-10-05 11:39:09
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Fidonet 
These questions are sufficiently absorbing that I think I'll defer dealing
with them until they actually come up.

@_date: 1993-10-05 15:00:07
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: criminal gif upload 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
I'm interested in the source of that probability calculation. In my experience, sysops dealing with a large volume of files normally
don't bother to change the names of a few of them, unless they see a
compelling reason to do so.

@_date: 1993-10-06 05:09:14
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: EFF pornography file warning 
I doubt that EFF is regularly going to have a list of graphics files that
the feds are using as the basis of a child-porn investigation.
I don't see how letting people know what the feds are looking for is
"helping" the feds.
In particular, I've been talking about noninterference with electronic
mail. But look at our choices, Lance. The alternative, when we knew what
files were being looked for, was *not to let anyone know*. It strikes me
as difficult, ethically, to justify *not* letting people know what
particular files are being looked for.
The issue of letting people know about these files is logically separate
from the issue of whether a sysop will be held legally liable for files he
or she doesn't know about.
Not quite. In real life, those who traffic in GIFs normally deal in such a
volume of files that they rarely trouble to change their names.
Sometimes telling the truth *does* generate paranoia. Look, it is
difficult for me to justify *not* giving sysops information that a *lot*
of sysops (although perhaps not you, Lance) would very much like to have.
What's more, a sysop can determine whether he's had files with these names
uploaded to his system *without snooping through someone's e-mail*.
Tell you what, Lance: if you can find a number of sysops who would *rather
not know* the kind of information that Shari disclosed in her message, we
will weigh their reluctance to know carefully if this situation should
ever come up again.
I think I'll wait until I see this actually happen before I regard it as a
serious possibility.
If what you are doing here is criticizing the *wording* of the
announcement, that undercuts your other comments here. You seem to be
saying it would be *okay* to release the list of graphics files if we had
written the announcement differently.
If that is the substance of your criticism, fine. Send us a redrafted
announcement--the way you think it should be written. Personally, I don't mind your taking the trouble to criticize EFF over
this. But I hope you understand us well enough to realize that reasonable
people can disagree over this issue. Again, it strikes me as hard to
justify *not* giving sysops the info that at least *some* of them would
Lance, I personally don't think your criticisms here imply any opposition
to the child-porn laws.
For all that you may be write that "the whole area is a quagmire," it
seems important to stress that EFF wasn't dealing with "the whole
area"--only with the particular issue of whether to let people know what
we had discovered about a particular federal investigation.
We were trying to be helpful. If it's your position that publishing that
list of files was *wholly unhelpful*, that it will turn out to have been a
mistake, well, perhaps you're right. But I don't think our action here is
so obviously wrong in the black-and-white way you seem to be implying

@_date: 1993-10-06 11:49:13
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Fidonet 
I know every attorney joke you've ever heard, plus some I made up.
As for programmer jokes, did you hear about the programmer who could never
get out of the shower?

@_date: 1993-10-18 06:27:14
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: An idea. 
Please. This is not a way to avoid entrapment. Undercover police lie all
the time, and their lying does not become a predicate for an entrapment
defense. One shouldn't generalize too much from massage-parlor cases.

@_date: 1993-10-18 09:02:15
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: EFF servers down? 
We were down over the weekend as eff.org moved from Cambridge to DC.

@_date: 1993-10-19 08:07:28
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Shockwave Rider ( True Names, Enders Game, Islands In The Net) 
Cypherpunks may be interested in a course I'm teaching later this fall in
NYC at the School of Visual Arts:
Course Description: Law, Society, and the Electronic Frontier
Instructor: Mike Godwin, Legal Services Counsel, Electronic Frontier
The purpose of this class is to give students familiarity with a range of
social and legal issues that arise when computers become a medium for
communication, an instrumentality of crime, and a new kind of community.
The class is designed to give students a sense of what kinds of social and
cultural challenges we will have to face as we enter the networked world
of the 21st century.
Students will read, on average, one book for each meeting, plus occasional
handout materials. Class meetings will be devoted to a short lecture,
followed by a discussion period. There will be one short research or
writing assignment.
This class will meet over six Saturdays from October 30 to December 18
(November 6 and Thanksgiving recess excluded). I will be available for
phone conferences from my office or home in Washington, DC:
(Office) 202-347-5400, ex. 204
(Home) 301-270-1703.
Please contact me if you have any questions.
Book list:
THE HACKER CRACKDOWN, Bruce Sterling
CYBERPUNK, Katie Hafner and John Markoff
HACKERS, Steven Levy
GIRLS LEAN BACK EVERYWHERE, Edward de Grazia
THE SHOCKWAVE RIDER, John Brunner
NEUROMANCER, William Gibson
BURNING CHROME, William Gibson
TRUE NAMES, Vernor Vinge
There may also be some photocopied handouts distributed in class.

@_date: 1993-10-25 17:49:43
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Q 
Just about everything said about common carriers in these postings is
wrong. ECPA is not limited to common carriers, for example. And it *does*
apply to BBSs.
Finally, one doesn't claim common carrier status, absent a legislative or
regulatory grant of that status.
For a brief period, thanks to some partial research I'd done in the
subject, I was under the impression that there is such a thing as a
"common-law common carrier," at least potentially. I now know that this is
not the case.

@_date: 1993-10-26 08:05:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: We Don't Need No Steenking Digital Superhighway!! 
EFF has been convinced of this since the beginning. The last thing EFF
wants is to have the government build the national information
infrastructure. Instead, we want to encourage both a variety of
information conduits, with a high degree of interoperability, but built by
private enterprise. The idea of the Open Platform (see our papers at
ftp.eff.org) is for private enterprise to create an environment in which
*anyone*--not just a media giant--can become an information provider, and
in which any BBS has the potential to become the WELL or CompuServe, or
whatever it likes.
Since both the telcos and the cable companies already operate under a high
degree of regulation, the issue isn't whether government should play no
role--it's already playing a pretty serious role. Instead, the issue is
how the government can reduce its regulatory role and at the same time
increase incentives for the kind of flexible, switched networks that
support the many-to-many paradigm rather than the traditional one-to-one
paradigm of the telcos or the one-to-many paradigm of the broadcasters.
The result should be a highly competitive environment with less need for
regulation, whether we're talking about local-loop telephone service or
computer-based conferencing systems.
EFF thinks these things will happen anyway, and is not interested in
having the government do them.
The notion of government-funded information superhighways, as originally
conceived, is already dead, killed by lack of government money (just as
the supercollider was killed). EFF supports NREN, but only as a testbed
for what the NII is eventually going to look like--we can learn a lot
about how networks run by studying the controlled anarchy and the support
of information niches that exists on the Net.
It is commonly thought that EFF supports some kind of massive government
undertaking to build the information infrastructure. But those who read
our position papers at ftp.eff.org know different.

@_date: 1993-10-26 08:18:18
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: a desperate plea 
It's more likely that it would draw the attention of state and/or local
law enforcement: most states have laws against "terroristic threats."
Whether the comment qualifies as a genuine terroristic threat is open to
question. (Why threaten with a rusty razor? True terrorists keep their
tools sharp.)

@_date: 1993-10-29 22:23:25
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Question about Proper Names of Crypto Companies 
A journalist friend asks me the following:
I know where Austin Code Works is, of course, but couldn't be authoritative on the other matters. Could someone fill me in?
--Mike, not afraid to express uncertainty

@_date: 1993-11-01 15:04:53
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Nazis/Privacy/Cypherpunks 
This seems as good a time as any to remind folks of Godwin's Law, which
represents one of my earliest net.meme.hacks:
Godwin's Law of Nazi Analogies: As an online discussion grows longer, the
probability of a comparison involving Nazis or Hitler approaches one.
P.S. You may also be interested in the corollaries, which shed some useful
light on the dynamics of online discussions:
Gordon's Restatement of Newman's Corollary to Godwin's Law:
   Libertarianism (pro, con, and internal faction fights) is *the*
primordial netnews discussion topic.  Anytime the debate shifts
somewhere else, it must eventually return to this fuel source.
Morgan's Corollary to Godwin's Law: Sircar's Corollary:  If the USENET discussion touches on homosexuality
or Heinlein, Nazis or Hitler are mentioned within three days.

@_date: 1993-11-07 07:03:11
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Mark Abene (Phiber Optik) sentenced 
Paul Ferguson reports on the MOD case:
Reuters doesn't mention, for some reason, that these defendants,
and Mark Abene in particular, were primarily motivated by the desire to
learn about the systems they were using.
No MOD defendant has admitted to doing this. In fact, it seems certain
that this particular act was committed by a rival who wanted to frame the
MOD members.

@_date: 1993-11-09 12:43:13
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Is Clipper Almost Dead? (was: Clipper and Tipper on Route 666) 
Before this goes much further, it would be nice if Tim and Robert
could explain which project, precisely, they want to kill. I am very hazy
as to what you're talking about.

@_date: 1993-11-09 13:24:13
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
First of all, EFF's Open Platform says outright that the government is not
going to build the data superhighway. Check again if you don't believe me.
Second, I think it's possible that you may be conflating discussions of one
kind of superhighway--a government-funded and -operated one--with discussions
of what kind of superhighway we might ultimately have if private
enterprise builds it. EFF does not the establishment of a big government
operation--instead, it wants the government, since it's spending money on
connectivity and bandwidth for its own purposes, to spend the money in a
way that promotes an infrastructure that everyone can use.
Since the money is going to be spent by government no matter what, why not
get them to spend it in the right way?
Furthermore, EFF wants a world of less regulation of communications
providers, not more. But since we live in a highly regulated world
now (witness telephone service and cable), the issue is how to get to a
world with the least possible regulation and the most competition among
private-enterprise providers, and yet keep the benefits of Universal Service and an open communications system. For EFF, the way to do that is to
give communications conduit providers (who also will be content providers)
incentives to keep the channels as open as the public highways are.
This doesn't involve big, expensive government projects; what it requires
is policies with a vision of an open market, built on an open
infrastructure, in the 21st century.
But don't think that, in the absence of EFF-supported policy, you don't
get data superhighways. Tim, you're going to get those no matter what.
The only question is whether you get something like what the interactive
cable companies promoted at Hackers--just an enhanced version of the Home
Shopping Network--or whether you get something like the current public
switched network, in which individuals can use a phone line for whatever
they like.

@_date: 1993-11-09 15:28:43
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
For one thing, I get cypherpunks here.
I note that those who produce newspapers, television, radio, etc., also
use the same highways and the same phone system. Good infrastructure
design unleashes free markets.
Tim, I think one has to distinguish between "guaranteed access" along the
Local Access Cable model and access along the "universal service" model.
Local Access Cable is next to useless as a democratic medium, and EFF
would not support any guarantee of access along those lines. But
universal service, along the Theodore Vail model, is different.
Remember, we have universal service now, but people still have to pay
their phone bills. And when we get competition in the local loop (a
competition that will require changes in the infrastructure), people's
residential phone payments will, in general, pay for the cost of operation
of their service.
Ithiel de Sola Pool's discussions of how to get government-supported
and -regulated monopolies to move to free-market models are extremely
helpful here. Just sticking with the status quo is not enough.
u  Put it this way, do

@_date: 1993-11-09 21:13:47
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Nobody seriously thinks the government's going to build a Data
Superhighway. EFF's interested in seeing the private sector do it.
Well, you should have stayed to watch me rabble-rouse.

@_date: 1993-11-10 08:38:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Not exactly. Not everyone recognizes the need and value of on and off
More importantly, the NII is not about building more trunk lines so much
as it is about ensuring that the resulting infrastructure allows everyone
to be an information provider as well as consumer. There's money to be
made here, and lots of entrepreneurial opportunities, if the thing is done right.
You know, I was just thinking of Tim's comment about how he punted his
cable service. One of the reasons that cable is just "a vaster wasteland"
is that it follows the old cable/broadcaster paradigm--get a
government-supported, government-regulated monopoly in place, and let a
single provider (or a small set of providers) funnel their product into
the home.
But cable service would be far more valuable to me (and I'd pay more for
it) if I could, say, upload a video of my little girl taking her first
steps and send it to Tim. (Not that he'd necessarily pay for that
privilege, but you get the idea.)

@_date: 1993-11-10 09:08:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
We don't. We need private providers for this.
I agree about the potential for it to be free, but, I gotta tell you, the
monopolists running the cable systems in this country have no inclination
to share that nearly free bandwidth with you, even if you're willing to
pay for access to it.
In order to get to a world in which free markets can meet our demand for
high-bandwidth connectivity, we have to dig ourselves out from the market-failure position we're in now. And because government is part of
the problem, changing government policy is part of the solution. So,
that's one of the major thrusts of EFF's NII policy.

@_date: 1993-11-10 10:28:59
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
That might be one solution. It certainly will be part of the ultimate
Which cable company has to eat the cost of digging the original
groundwork? Or are you saying that every new cable entity will have to lay its own infrastructure? The capital costs of that create an
immense barrier to market entry, and ease of market entry is a
pre-requisite for free-market competition.
The only reason the first cable companies even invested in laying cable is
that they were guaranteed a local monopoly. Since government, in effect,
participated in the creation of that part of the infrastructure, there are
serious issues as to whether the first cable provider in a local area
should continue to profit from a government-granted incentive while new
potential providers are left high and dry.
These are the kinds of issues that need to be addressed as we move from
monopoly to free-market competition--how do we correct for the distortions
caused by the initial government intervention in the market?
"Market failure" is a term of art. It refers to a condition, which
may in fact be caused by government, in which market mechanisms have been
prevented from ensuring competition.

@_date: 1993-11-10 11:28:59
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Is that true? How many slots are there? Is access to the slot unregulated?
The question is less one of creating new conduits than of seeing that the
conduits already in place (invariably under a government regulatory
regime, if not an outright monopoly) get used to their fullest potential.
Perry, you think that just letting things happen alone means that
someone's going to give you purchasable video uplink. I'm glad to hear it,
but I don't share you belief. Where we do agree, of course, is that access
to the cable part of the infrastructure (whether by building new conduits
or allocating sections of existing ones) shouldn't be subsidized by
government money, except of course to the extent that the government is
buying such services for itself.
I wouldn't say this is accurate. Even in multiple-cable areas, I
understand, the cable companies have government licenses and operate under
government regulation.
In the Boston area, there are multiple cable companies, but you can't
choose which one your particular home will use if you subscribe to cable.
Do those electric companies each have different wires? So that if I move into the house where you used to live, and you bought power from
company X, I can call up company Y and say "You're supplying power here
now"? How is this implemented.
I don't think discussion of "natural monopolies" is relevant here, because
it doesn't matter whether the monopolies that exist are natural or not.
They're here in any case.
I disagree that it's possible for all cable utilities to do this. If
you're the second cable system in a duopoly, maybe. But I don't know of a
debt market that will buy the bonds of the tenth cable company to lay
cable in a certain area. If you know of one, let's start it together--lots
of money to be made in cable!
I regularly read Cato Institute publications and white papers.
I overgeneralized. But the scenario I mention here is the most common
They used the same wires, Perry.
This seems to be a digression. No one around here is arguing for
government monopolies. At least not so far as I can tell.

@_date: 1993-11-10 11:53:21
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: NII and the Need for XXX-rated Porn 
I proudly take credit for "a vaster wasteland"--a phrase that occurred to
me in a flash of insight as I was doing a revision of the Open Platform
paper. I hope that if I repeat it a lot, it will become a
self-perpetuating meme.
In the long run, I expect it will, yes. On a properly designed NII, it
would be impossible to prevent, although of course anyone could bar it at
his or her home.
Well, we knew we weren't going to please the purest Libertarians, but we
did try to make it palatable to them--after all, we have genuine
entrepreneurs on our Board of Directors, and they *do* believe in free
markets. Open Platform is our way of getting there from here.
Did he say they were online? If this has been discussed before, I missed
I don't think it collides with EFF's public policy goals, although it may
collide with Tom Kalil's.

@_date: 1993-11-10 12:43:21
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
This doesn't sound like a true free market to me--there are barriers other
than mere price to switching among power providers. It will be cheaper in
terms of opportunity costs to stay with the same provider.
Contrast this with long-distance services, where competition forces
providers to give you incentives to switch.
I just don't see how whether we agree on the existence of natural
monopolies or not has to do with this discussion. We both think the
monopolies and government subsidies should end.
Okay, now let's look at Tim May's hypothetical case. Tim wants X-rated
cable. But the first nine cable companies don't want to provide it. And
the Metzger-Godwin Cable operation, which would provide it, can't get
financing. There's a market for it, but there's also a barrier to entry.
If the only way to reach that market is to invest independently in one's
own infrastructure, then that market simply goes unsatisfied--no
reasonable entrepreneur would bother.
I leave to your imagination what happens in the event that we *do* start the P-G Cable company, but content providers won't sell other
programming to us so Tim is forced to choose between only X-rated
cable--us--and cable services that provide other kinds of programming.
(Tim may have no problem with this, but lots of other people in our market
will want to watch CNN as well as X-rated videos.) And don't forget that the cable infrastructure we're talking about
duplicating here includes coax to the individual home. So, when Tim
decides to switch over to P-G, we've got to go out to his house and
install a brand-new cable and yank out the old one--we can't just
turn on the existing cable. This is the consequence of duplicating cable
My understanding, by the way, is that cable in multi-provider areas is not
duplicated--that when a municipality awards a contract to a new cable
bidder, they don't yank out the old cable or add a whole new cable
infrasture. Instead, they turn the existing infrastructure over to a new
provider. So, what happens when, in a system in which the only way one can enter as
a competitor is to invest in a whole new infrasture, and nobody will fund
it, and the existing cable companies won't carry your service? How does
the market, in a world that treats cable in the ground as somebody's
private conduit rather than as true infrastructure, provide Tim his
X-rated cable service?
Wouldn't it be better to live in a world in which the cable
infrastructure, like the telephone infrastructure, could be serviced by
competing providers, and at the individual level? We already have this
with long-distance--if I want, I can have Sprint, MCI, *and* AT&T accounts
and use them all from the same phone. Ultimately we'll have it in the
local loop.
In this world, Tim could contract with Warner Cable to get some of their
programming, and with P-G Cable to get that little something Xtra that
helps him get through the day. All this illustrates is the inadequacy of comparing air providers to
infrasture providers.
Why? I've already read their stuff. Reading is not the same thing as
Oh, you're saying that one couldn't make a phone call from one local phone
company to another?
I'm not. I think they should be eliminated.

@_date: 1993-11-11 05:33:32
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Privacy, Property, Cryptography (long) 
This quotation needs to be debugged a little bit. The actual quotation
reads as follows: "They [the framers of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights] conferred,
as against the government, the right to be let alone--the most
comprehensive of rights and the right most valued by civilized men."
Olmstead v. United States, 227 U.S. 438, 478 (1928).
(Note in particular that it's "let," not "left.")

@_date: 1993-11-11 05:39:31
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Doug, I think you may be under the impression that we're talking about a
single fiber-optic or coax cable. You can have a single (or double or
triple) infrastructural network, but add bandwidth to each one. I think
the notion of "scarcity" doesn't apply to cable any more than it applies
to personal computers.
Or you add a new cable. Not hard. Nothing I have ever read has suggested
that "scarcity," as that term is normally used in reference to a resource,
applies in any meaningful way to cable. I believe that Perry's prediction
is closer to the truth than yours.

@_date: 1993-11-11 05:43:30
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Privacy, Property, Cryptography (long) 
As I recall, Dark, INS v. AP is copyright/First Amendment case, not a
privacy case. (International News Service was cribbing from AP stories.)
What does Brandeis say in this case that seems to be a reservation about
privacy rights?

@_date: 1993-11-11 07:39:11
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
It's not that simple, unfortunately. Once monopolies have been created
with government support, removing government intervention doesn't automatically make competition happen.
Compare it to strip-mining: once a strip mine has dug up the landscape,
the mere decision to stop mining doesn't automatically restore the land to
the status quo ante, or even to an environment in which any kind of
ecosystem can flourish.

@_date: 1993-11-11 09:34:11
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
It's like strip mining in this sense: stopping the intervention doesn't
restore the healthy previous condition automatically. Merely ending
regulation doesn't make the distortions go away.
Just so. If you really believe that merely stopping regulation, *without
anything else*, would restore competition to a market that's been
dominated by a government-supported monopoly or duopoly, then we simply
must agree to disagree.
Untrue. The cable providers often are putting up obstacles of their own, as
are telco providers. The impossibility of Tim May's X-rated cable channel
illustrates this point. The market can't function--Tim and those like him
who want a certain type and variety of programming--unless there is access
to the information infrastructure. Telling every would-be X-rated cable
viewer to build his own cable system is not a solution.
According to standard free-market theory, the existence of demand
(Tim and friends) for an affordable product ought to stimulate a supplier
for that product. But that will never happen if all we do is say to the
cable and telco providers "Well, we've given you these markets and allows
you to profit enormously and to have absolute ability to use nonmarket
mechanisms to squash any hint of serious competition, and now we're going
to just dust off our hands and walk away."

@_date: 1993-11-11 11:29:12
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the 
First, I wasn't talking about the local-loop competition. I was talking about
cable. I don't doubt that in *some* monopoly situations, mere reduction or
elimination of regulation can allow markets to spring up. I just don't
think this is true with regard to telcos and cable.
Secondly, and as I mentioned, there are non-market tactics that a supplier
can use to prevent competition from arising. For example, why should a local
telco decide on its own to be interoperable with, say, the Electric
Company? What market share can a monopoly gain by giving access to
competition? None. It can only *lose* market share.
It's always a mistake to confuse technical feasibility for competition.
What's to prevent the dominant one or two providers (TPC and Cellular,
let's say) from closing out the others by refusing to be interoperable?

@_date: 1993-11-11 11:49:12
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Right. And the telcos would love to carry phone-sex services. Your suspicion would be incorrect. Current providers tend not to want to
carry sexually explicit services because it hurts their image. For
example, the telcos didn't want to support 900-number phone-sex services,
in spite of the fact that there is a very clear market for them, because
they didn't want to do any business for and with the phone-sex companies.
See, e.g., Sable Communications v. FCC.
If your characterization were correct, the phone companies would be dying
to carry phone-sex services. In real life, however, they keep petitioning
regulatory bodies to allow them not to carry them.
Thanks for the capital letters--I am getting a little nearsighted in my
old age.
But your analysis hear assumes that, given a clear and profitable market,
any rational provider would cater to it. Even in the absence of legal
sanctions, this isn't true, as Sable Communications and other cases
clearly show.

@_date: 1993-11-11 12:59:12
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the 
Partly because there was no pre-existing railroad monopoly that was
blocking them from the market.
Of course, railroad interoperability is trivial, and can't easily be
altered to block entry. But it should be noted that "using the same rail
gauge" is only part of interoperability. I leave it to you to guess what
the other part is, and how a railroad monopoly can prevent entry of new
Please explain, specifically, how it's in a local telco's interest to
cooperate with an upstart Electric Company telco provider.
That's nice. But don't assume I'm not knowledgeable on these subjects.

@_date: 1993-11-12 09:14:33
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Privacy, Property, Cryptography (long) 
Oh, it means almost the same thing--there's only a slight connotative difference. But the issue for me is the precise accuracy of the
quotation, not the nuance. I spotlighted that difference
because otherwise it would likely be overlooked.
If one prefers to "translate" rather than to quote, one shouldn't use
quotation marks, IMHO. Besides, Brandeis's comment is perfectly good
20th-century speech--only six or seven decades old.

@_date: 1993-11-12 09:19:32
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: privacy/property 
I note that the ruling against INS would probably not occur today in the
post-Feist world.
I don't see how this reads as Brandeis's having a reservation about
privacy. Perhaps the premier legal theorist about privacy issues in the
last 100 years, Brandeis is simply noting that privacy isn't a given--one
must actively work if one is to preserve it. This is perfectly consistent
with cypherpunk philosophy, IMHO.

@_date: 1993-11-14 21:15:18
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: LAW: Wireless interception 
Without disputing anything Phil says here, I have it on good authority
that the exemption of cordless phones from ECPA had to do with the fact
that early models of cordless phones often generated signals that could
be picked up by normal radios. The concern was that the owners of normal
radios (as distinct from scanners) might be turned into felons for
overhearing a cordless-phone conversation.

@_date: 1993-11-14 22:10:18
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: LAW: Wireless interception 
Actually, all this shows is that the drafters of ECPA didn't anticipate
that TV watchers would use their TVs to overhear cellular conversations.

@_date: 1993-11-15 09:30:31
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Destroying data 
Surely Jef's right about this--isn't the oxygen for combustion already
present in the compounds?

@_date: 1993-11-17 05:34:22
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: privacy and rights (long reply) 
In fact, the right to privacy has been held to be implicit in the Bill of Rights. See Griswold v. Connecticut, 1965.

@_date: 1993-11-18 04:54:30
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Quotable Quotes 
Aha! And Steve Bellovin has the same initials as S. Boxx!

@_date: 1993-11-29 08:07:07
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Let's Talk About Solutions 
It's worth noting that the perceived problem with Lance Detweiler is a
problem that sooner or later surfaces in all forums, whether they're
mailing lists or newsgroups--namely, the problem of a certain person or
subject matter driving people away from the forum.
Fleeing the problem doesn't fix it. It recurs wherever you go.
Solving the problem in a top-down way (e.g., by banning a person from a
forum) doesn't fix it, and that kind of centralized-censorship solution
runs counter to the dynamic of the Net, which is not structured to support
centralized censorship. (Theoretically, mailing lists are structured that
way, but in practice anything but the most light-handed moderation tends
to kill the spontaneity of discussions.)
The best solutions are bottom-up solutions: solutions in which individuals
can make choices about what they wish to see, but can't impose those
choices on others. These solutions take many forms. The least sophisticated, and the least
effective, is to unsubscribe from a "noisy" list--as I noted before, the
problem recurs on all forums. A better solution is to ignore the noisy
postings--this is the Detweiler Pledge Solution. Still better is the
artful use of mail filters. (A nonartful use of filters may prevent some
people from reading this message, since it includes the string
It strikes me as relatively on-topic for cypherpunks to discuss technical
solutions, such as mail filters, for solving the "noisy forum problem."
For some, adequate solutions may already be in place. But I note that for
"mere users" (as distinct from sophisticated users and programmers),
current filtering tools are difficult to use. What can make this better?
Mike Godwin, (202) 347-5400 |"And walk among long dappled grass,
mnemonic            | And pluck till time and times are done Electronic Frontier         | The silver apples of the moon,
Foundation                  | The golden apples of the sun."

@_date: 1993-11-29 09:47:11
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Let's Talk About Solutions 
Any chance we can get such a thing implemented on the cypherpunks list?

@_date: 1993-11-29 11:32:02
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Anarchy, the Government, and the National Information Infrastructure 
For what it's worth, I don't think this interpretation can be read into
EFF's Open Platform paper. EFF doesn't care about making money off the
Data Highway, nor does it think the debate should be about the number of
channels cable offers.
Instead, EFF wants an infrastructure in which Tim May's anarchic vision
can flourish along with the visions of anarchophobes. On an Open Platform,
a hundred flowers can and will bloom, and a thousand schools of
thought will contend.
Anarchists like Jack Kerouac and Neal Cassidy could find
individualistic redemption on the (government-built) road.
EFF thinks private-enterprise roads are better, but we also think its promise is unfulfilled if it doesn't allow net.kerouacs and
net.cassidys to create there.

@_date: 1993-11-30 08:47:45
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Knights who say NII (was Crypto(A), govt & NII) 
The government is already tempted to get involved, all the time. We can't
make the government go away by resolving that it would be nice if they
weren't around. Best to work from where we are, not where we'd like to be.
Government is not the only potential source of harm--private industry can
be plenty harmful.
I don't see how. One actually can use a weapon to keep the peace, for
I think you're reasoning from your conclusions here, not toward them.
What's more, government ain't the only bull in this shop.

@_date: 1993-12-01 12:22:25
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Let's Talk About Solutions 
Well, yes. To the extent that tools remain the province of the elite,
it is politically easy to take them away from that elite.

@_date: 1993-12-02 05:32:28
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Let's Talk About Solutions 
That's part of it. But the other part is providing tools that everyone,
not just cypherpunks, can use.

@_date: 1993-12-23 09:50:56
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: re it had to happen 
I am now convinced that even if the key were a statement of the form "I did crime X", it could still be compelled, because the actual statement is not testimonial, and would not be used as evidence
(e.g., as an admission).

@_date: 1993-12-23 09:55:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Merry Christmas, Cyberanarchists 
What was nice is that I needed only two lines--only one, really--to figure
out who "Hitler" really is.

@_date: 1993-12-25 14:11:44
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: The Cyber Lexicon of 2030 AD 
eff.546: Cylex: The New Cyber-Lexicon
eff.546.0: Mike Godwin (mnemonic)  Thu 23 Dec 93 10:28
 Antoinette LaFarge, a student in my class this fall at the School of
 Visual Arts, developed as her term paper this lexicon from the year
 2030.
 Comments and additions solicited.
eff.546.2: Mike Godwin (mnemonic)  Thu 23 Dec 93 10:31
 DDB2030.12.17.20:20:21GMT
 Homebase:  ~U.S. Government Publishing Office.
 Download to:  Mike Godwin, Electronic Frontier Foundation.
 Status:  digsig not verifiedno-interrupt.
 Checklist:  autolott yesupdate yesimages nodtp format  nosearch yes (art, pub, law)update editor: Antoinette  LaFarge.
 Filename:  *Cylex*
 File begin:
 Note on usage: *boldface* type indicates word being defined;  _italic_ type indicates word defined elsewhere in Cylex or used  as an example.
 *Antilex*:  (n)  a variant on _Cylex_ published by a shifting  coalition of _e-pubs_ who feel that Cylex is often both  inaccurate (because slanted toward the government viewpoint)  and out of date.
 *autolott*:  (n)  short for *auto*mated *lott*ery, this is the  standard form of lottery now run by most major companies, the  federal government, and all state governments except Utah.   Most digital transfers now automatically cause the  destination/recipient to be encoded and dropped into a lottery  pool, from which prize drawings are then made.  This form of  lottery, in which one does not have to actively play to win, is an  outgrowth of the credit-card pools of the 1990s. Autolotts were  devised in part as a corporate marketing method to get around  the highly successful _doorman_ programs.  *black bank*:  (n) an underground institution for generating and  distributing digital signatures outside the government-approved  three-bank scheme.  Black banks tend to be small and to go in  and out of business quickly as they are usually unable to sustain  the integrity of their security schemes and thus can lose all their  business literally overnight.  Although not technically illegal,  they cater to an amorphous and shifting population of criminals  and _clans_ who for one reason or another don't trust the  integrity of the national digital-signature scheme.  The Russian,  South African, Korean, and Caribbean mafias are all known to  run their own black banks.
 *bureaucrat*:  (n) obsolete; see _hulk_.
 *bodyguard*:  (n) general term covering localized software that  searches out and destroys viruses, worms, trojan horses,  scavengers, and other net wildlife. The U.S. government has  imposed severe restrictions on bodyguards to ensure that they  don't run loose in the net. (See also: _cannibal, hulk._)
 *borden*:  (n) any nondigital object that figures as evidence in  a legal proceeding, especially under criminal law.  Since most  legal proceedings are now carried out entirely in cyberspace,  lawyers have largely lost the ability to sway juries by showing  them physical evidence of crimes. In cases where such evidence  is important, prosecutors (rarely defense lawyers) often pursue  strategies to get the case transferred from cyberspace to real-
 space courtrooms.  Hence (v) _to borden_ means to obtain or  try to obtain such a change of venue.  The word derives  indirectly from the bloodstained ax that played such a  prominent role in the conviction of Lizzie Borden for the  murder of her parents.  See also the phrase: _borden of proof_.
 *cannibal*:  (n) a special form of _bodyguard_ that will wipe  out everything on its home computer net, including itself, once  activated.  Popular among criminals for destroying digital  evidence beyond the possibility of recovery, they can be set to  react to time delays, improper logons, remotes, and other  tripwires.  There are a number of different types of cannibal,  only a few of which are dangerous to humans. Those  incorporating explosives are known as _challengers_ (in  reference to an early space shuttle that blew up, taking out  seven astronauts in the process), while those causing  electrocution of the person trying to access the data are known  as _headhunters_.  *cat-tag*:  (n)  a digital signature for corporations and other  businesses; legally required for all business e-mail and data  transfers over the net.  The word is a short form of "catalog tag"  and also probably a back-formation from _dogtag._ Cat-tags  came into use after the first flood of digital junk mail; the  ensuing consumer protests brought about the adoption of cat-
 tags that could be screened by _doorman_ programs. The  government used the controversy to institute compulsory  registration of digital signatures in so-called _name banks_.  Cat-tags are handled by one of the three major signature banks,  the First National Name Bank (a subsidiary of Citicorp).   *clan*:  (n) a type of on-line voluntary organization formed  among private individuals to exchange information and pursue  group activities in a limited forum.  The word is an acronym  whose expansion is disputed; according to most authorities it  stands for *c*ompound *l*ocal *a*rea *n*etwork, but popular  etymology usually gives it as short for *c*ol*la*borative *n*et.  Clans sprang up in the wake of the Clinton administration's  disastrous health care reform and the information deluge  released in cyberspace by the gradual dismantling of the  copyright laws.  In order to reassert control over the quality of  information, advice, and services given and received, people  spontaneously started forming small, tightly knit groups on the  net, usually in the form of _lockout_ forums.  Typically, a clan  is started by a few close friends, and over time they gradually  lock in new members of complementary professions.  For  example, a group that had no doctor member would recruit  someone compatible from the on-line and/or off-line  community.  However, there are also highly specialized clans,  such as the craft clans and the _Tertians_.  Some clans have  membership fees, but most work primarily on a barter system,  such that members work a certain numbers of hours a year for  each other. It is considered a mark of status to be recruited by a  prestigious clan.
 *Cylex*:  (n) the on-line lexicon of slang continuously  published and updated by the U.S. government in accordance  with a 2003 mandate of Congress.  In a series of landmark  discrimination cases, it was argued that since slang is such a  vital aspect of cyberspace life, anyone who couldn't master it is  effectively excluded from large parts of the net.  Moreover, the  speed with which net slang evolves serves to bar anyone who  isn't a net regular.  Hence, Cylex was set up as a _tilde_  resource to equalize access to the net.  It can be downloaded by  anyone, at any time.  In theory, it is kept up to date; however,  the true lag time is considered to be between six and eight  weeks.  In addition, there are always pockets of long-term ex-
 Cylex slang on the net; these tend to be formed by people who  intentionally use slang (rather than encryption) as an  exclusionary method and actively resist having their terms  become transparent to Cylex.  Since Cylex depends greatly on  volunteers (its paid staff is small and the project is permanently  underfunded), it is not difficult for determined groups to keep  personal slang Cylex-opaque for relatively long periods.
 *DD*:  (n, a) acronym for *d*ownload *d*ate, usually given in  numerals in the form  DDyear.month.day.hour:minute:secondGMT.  The standard  international dating procedure on the net, it is sometimes  extended to include fractions of a second.  DDs are normally  the first term in any downloaded data and may be further  subdivided into _DDB_ (*d*ownload *d*ate *b_egin, at the  start of transmission) and _DDE_ (*download *d*ate *e*nd, at  the end of transmission).  "Created on" dates are still sometimes  seen, especially attached to certain fixed forms of artwork, but  are considered obsolete because unverifiable.  (See also:  _genealogy, sourcing_).
 *digsig*:  (n) semi-official slang for *dig*ital *sig*nature; the  U.S. government in particular avoids the use of the otherwise  universal _dogtag_.
 *diy forgery*:  (n)   1. a plan, diagram, or other type of  instruction for making and/or performing artworks issued by  artists themselves, usually through the _Municipal Dump_.   2.  an object or process created using such instructions.
 Most artists do not actually make objects anymore but simply  register the plans and/or instructions with the MD, which holds  them in a database and distributes them at a nominal charge.  One popular activity is to combine several different sets of diy  forgery, either simultaneously or sequentially. (See also:   _kunstmorph_.)  Diy forgeries (short for *d*o-*i*t-*y*ourself  *forgeries*) are sometimes referred to as authorized forgeries.  *dogtag*:  (n) slang for digital signature generally, derived  from the military slang for tags recording one's identification  number.  Usually used to refer to digital signatures of  individuals, while _cat-tag is reserved for business-related  digital signatures.  Dogtags are handled by two of the three  major signature banks, the _Federal Name Repository_ (under  the Federal Reserve Bank) and 21st Century Names (a  subsidiary of Time Warner).
 *doorman*:  (n) a computer program used to screen incoming  data, especially e-mail and junk mail, for unwanted items.   Doormen became popular after the federal government began to  deliver subpoenas electronically and disputes arose over the  point at which an e-subpoena could be said to have been  accepted.  Any item that passes a doorman is now considered to  have been received by the gateway computer and hence also by  its registered owner.  Most doormen also incorporate  _bodyguards_.
 *doormat*:  (n) an ineffective _doorman_.
 *download from/to*:  (v)  _download from_ means to copy data  off a data source such as a net; _download to_ means to copy  data to such a data source.  Download to has completely  replaced the now-obsolete _upload to_, which fell out of use as  the hierarchical (and psychological) distinctions between large  (central, multiuser) and small (personal) computers vanished in  the late 1990s.
 *dwarfing*:  (n)  a common method for including _source_  information in digital files by reducing the information packet  greatly in size and embedding it in some other part of the data.  As dwarfing often involves actual data compression as well, it  is one of the more difficult forms of hidden sourcing to recover.
 *e-* : prefix for electronic; used generally as a synonym for on-
 line and specifically to differentiate something from its off-line  counterpart; e.g., an _e-zine_ would normally refer to a zine  that has no real-world counterpart.
 *e-cash*:  (n) digital money. Coins and bills are ordinarily used  only for very small purchases and also on the black market.
 *e-pub_: (n) an electronic publisher, as distinct from a _p&t  publisher_.
 *Federal Name Repository*:  (n) federal name bank for  generating and storing the digital signatures (encryption keys)  that replaced social security numbers as of 2009.  The  government now generates a pair of keys for every child as  soon as its birth is registered; the public key serves the same  functions as the old social-security number and in addition is  used to encode certain data throughout an individual's life that  will be accessible to that person only.  The child's private key is  kept under wraps at the FNR until his or her 18th birthday, at  which point it is turned over to that individual alone.  *fortune hunt*:  (n, v)  a search for hidden information in data  files (such as e-catalogs, e-zines, and e-books) that entitles the  finder to a prize.  These are in vogue among puzzle enthusiasts  generally but nowhere near as popular or lucrative as the  _autolotts_.
 *genealogy*:  (n)  a new specialty within the field of art history  and criticism, genealogy consists of interpreting artistic trends  and developments by tracing the ramifications of _source_ lists  through different generations of image transfer, duplication,  alteration, etc.  Genealogists tend to be looked down on by  traditional art historians because most of their data are  inherently unreliable.
 *Generics*:  (n)  an e-zine published by the _Municipal Dump_  and featuring the theory and practice of generic art.  In the  1990s, the activities of the Museum of Forgery and others  brought about a shift in focus from brand-name art (e.g.,  Leonardo's Mona Lisa) to generic categories of art (e.g., "mona-
 lisas"; that is, works related to the Mona Lisa).  Each issue of  _Generics_ normally has a person, style, period, or individual  work as its theme, and generic works created by artists on that  theme are published. Making appropriate attributions (rather  than listing works under the names of their actual creators) is a  central activity of _Generics_.  As a rule, issues are updated  annually; the two most popular issues, on baldessaris and  posthumous duchamps, run over 1000 pages of hardcopy  apiece.
 *hibachi*:  (n)  a photograph known or presumed to have been  altered; much in use by the legal profession.  The term came  into use in the late 1990s, often sarcastically, when a series of  court cases hinging on disputed photographic evidence led to  severe restrictions on the use of photographs (and later videos)  as evidence.  The phrase traces back to a remark by a Vietnam  War general, William Westmoreland, who dismissed a famous  photograph of napalmed Vietnamese children running down a  road as a "hibachi accident."  *homebase*:  (n)  the original source of data or other  information, usually presumed to be a guarantee that it is  unaltered and/or of high quality.  Early concerns about the need  to protect against data piracy through more stringent copyright  laws vanished when it became clear that people were willing to  pay for homebase material in order to protect themselves  against corrupt or infected files.  (It was actually possible to  market homebase material for some time before the advent of  _dogtags_ and _e-cash_ made it really practical to do so.)
 *hulk*:  (n) also: Hulk.  An ineffective _bodyguard_.  The term  comes from the name of Hulk Hogan, a one-time professional  wrestler; the implication is that a hulk looks like it's doing its  job but does not do any real damage to its opponent.  Hulk  replaces the formerly popular _bureaucrat.
 *hypgnostic*:  (n) variant spelling of _hypnostic_.
 *hypnostic*:  (n) a computer program that can induce varying  levels of hypnosis or trance states in the user under controlled  conditions.  Usually in the form of rapidly metamorphosing,  often geometric images combined with a sound track,  hypnostics are an outgrowth of research into the long-term  neurological effects of screen-saver programs.  Although they  have become popular adjuncts to meditation, therapy, and  recreational drug use, there is continuing controversy over  parallel military research that has led to the development of  programs that can induced severe disorientation, hallucination,  phobia, catatonia, schizophrenia, and other forms of mental  breakdown.  Hypnostics are also implicated in the premature  development of cataracts, and most regular hypnostics users  suffer from semi-permanent facial tics in the region of the eyes.
 *interrupt*:  (n, a)  used to signal that a data transmission will  not go through as requested or will be terminated before  completion; normally followed by reason for the interrupt.
 *kunstmorph*:  (n, v) an activity in which one chooses two  artworks and creates a metamorphic sequence between them.   Most popular as a digital process, it is also a common off-line  activity among the craft _clans._
 *lockin*:  (n, a)  a part of cyberspace to which one has a  password.  Similarly, to _lock in_ (v) means to give someone a  cyberpass.
 *lockout*:  (n) any part of cyberspace to which one does not  have the password.  Similarly, to _lock out_ (v).
 *MD Pound*:  (n) a recycling center run by the _Municipal  Dump_ in most major cities to which anyone can bring  artworks for destruction, exchange, or recycling.  MD Pounds  work on an exchange principle; for every pound of materials  one donates, one is entitled to take away an equivalent  poundage.  They grew out of the environmental aesthetic, which  recognized that artists who created much more than they  destroyed were guilty of a form of littering.  The MD Pound  logo features the mustaches of Salvador Dali, a notably prolific  20th century surrealist.
 *Municipal Dump*:  (n)  an institution formed by the  Macarthur Foundation in 2117 to act as a clearinghouse for  nonobject artists.  The name comes from the common slang  used to denote museums generally and New York's  Metropolitan Museum in particular ("municipal dump" replaced  the formerly popular "mausoleum").  The MD's main functions  include maintaining a digital database of artworks, publishing  _Generics_, and distributing _diy forgeries_.  The MD also  maintains MD Pounds_ in major cities.  The MD logo features  the mustache-and-goatee from Marcel Duchamp's famous  _L.H.O.O.Q. _ One occasionally sees MD referred to as  M2_D2_ because of a prevailing belief that the institution's  "secret" name is Marcel Duchamp's Municipal Dump.
 *name bank*:  (n) 1.  a repository for generating, distributing,  and storing public and private keys for data encryption 2. a  registry for digital signatures.  As money became fully  electronic at the turn of the century, banks took over the  business of security for their customers' digital signatures.   Eventually, due in part to the proliferation of competing public-
 key encryption schemes, Congress moved to restrict name  banks to three:  one for government transactions, one for  business transactions, and one for personal transactions.  Most  people have keys in at least two of the three banks. (See also:   _Federal Name Repository._)
 *no-interrupt*:  (n, a)  used to signal that a data transmission  will go through as requested; compare _interrupt_.
 *picon*:  (n)  short for *p*ersonal *icon*, a picon is a graphical  or other data-generated stand-in for an individual, much used in  place of names, signatures, and/or photos on vidphones, nets,  and elsewhere.  Picons can be protected under trademark law  only if they are registered in the National Picon Database, in  order to avoid multiple instances of the same picon.  However,  they are not accepted by the government or for legal purposes in  lieu of dogtags. (The corporate equivalent of a picon is a logo.)
 *p&t*:  (a)  also:  pnt.  short for *p*oint *&_ *t*ouch, p&t  refers to things that are tangible or real-world as opposed to  intangible (hyperspatial, cyberspatial, mental).  Generally used  as a shorthand for object-oriented; e.g., a _p&t publisher_ as  opposed to an _e-pub_.  Often used to imply that something is  old-fashioned, as in _his artwork is real p&t stuff_.
 *source*:  (v)  to source means to give credit to one's sources of  materials, especially those being substantially altered.  Sourcing  became a widespread norm even before the death of copyright  meant that one could source one's materials without fear of  being sued for copyright infringement.  Some people advocate  making sourcing a legal requirement, but because that would  obviously be unenforceable and because source data are often  unverifiable, this movement has never really gotten off the  ground.  Accurate sourcing is a point of pride for most artists,  and since source lists (or genealogies) can become quite long  and complex, a number of ingenious ways of either hiding them  or displaying them have been developed. (See: genealogy,  transparency._)
 *source hunt*:  (n, v) an attempt to recover hidden source  information in a data file.  Source hunting became popular  among puzzle enthusiasts and was a precursor of the now more  generally popular _fortune hunt._  Many filemakers, especially  artists, offer prizes to source hunters to spur general interest in  their work.  *Tertian*:  (n, a)  originally:  Orbis Tertian.  Tertians are  members of Orbis Tertius, an unusual _clan_ linked by the  common project of realizing a special edition of the  _Encyclopedia Britannica_ mentioned in Jorge Luis Borges's  short story "Tln, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius." In Borges's story, a  certain edition of the Britannica contains extra entries that refer  to another world, intriguing details of which are given in the  story.  Orbis Tertius was founded by a group of writers  specifically to alter the _Britannica_ in conformity with  Borges's story, and the Tertians subsequently continued to  extend the fiction at great length.  It was a court case arising out  of the activities of the Tertians that led to the final extinction of  copyright law when the _Britannica's_ publishers lost their  attempt to bar the Tertians from altering the encyclopedia  without permission.  _Homebase_ editions of the Tertian  Encyclopedia are consistent bestsellers (subscribers are entitled  to get it updated on request).  *tilde* (*~*):  printer's mark, adopted for use to signify that  material is free of all restrictions on alteration, copying,  publication, etc., including the normal convention of _sourcing.
 *transparency*:  (n) a common form for source information to  be included in digital files, especially object-oriented image  files.  Transparencies are a layer of information included in a  file and assigned an object color of transparent (or background,  paper, etc.).  To recover them, one must know how to search for  invisible objects in such files, a procedure that varies from  application to application. (See also:  _dwarfing_, _source  hunt._)
 *wormfare*:  (n)  electronically based warfare, especially  attacks directed at the computer command and control  structures of other nations, as by net wildlife.
 *wormfood*:  (n)  any computer software or hardware that is  poorly protected against intrusion from worms, viruses, and  other net wildlife.  :File end
 DDE2030.12.17.20:21:53GMT
eff.546.4: Bruce Sterling (bruces)  Thu 23 Dec 93 14:32
   Gosh, how very Stanislaw Lem of her.
eff.546.5: Trying to get in touch with my inner grownup... (sforslev)  Thu 23 Dec 93 18:50
 *Cybercrap*: (n)  Term common at Evanston High School in the early
 1990's.
 It refers to technical jargon that is like the love of God -
 It passeth all understanding.
eff.546.6: Mike Godwin (mnemonic)  Thu 23 Dec 93 22:48
 I actually rather like her name--Antoinette LaFarge--which I assume is
 either a fake or an adopted name.
 She told me she took my class because she's interested in issues relating
 to forgeries.
 I like "dogtags" and "cattags" myself.
 Also, "wormfood."
eff.546.7: Information Superhighwayman (gjk)  Fri 24 Dec 93 06:02
 Her name and interests suggest she has a very dark side.  Introduce us?
eff.546.8: Mike Godwin (mnemonic)  Fri 24 Dec 93 07:57
 I'm not sure you're up to meeting her, Jack.

@_date: 1994-01-28 18:48:21
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: 4th ammendment and Cryptography 
This is an overstatement. C. Kennedy is not being accurate here, since she
implies that this is settled constitutional law. In fact, it hasn't been
addressed directly.
One of the first things law students are taught is that the U.S. Supreme
Court's refusal to hear a case has no precedential authority whatsoever.

@_date: 1994-02-01 09:05:27
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Archiving mail-lists... 
Alan Wexelblat writesK
Hey, it's clear to me.
That's not the measure of copyright. It's whether the expression has been
instantiated in a tangible medium.
They flipflop because of the trickiness of Fair Use--there's no
hard-and-fast rule as to what qualifies.
True, but you can say "Berne" and settle the issue of copyright.

@_date: 1994-02-01 11:10:37
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
You shouldn't. Usenet postings are copyrighted the moment they are
instantiated in a tangible medium.

@_date: 1994-02-01 13:10:40
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Not to my knowledge. But there's no disputing among lawyers that copyright
law applies.

@_date: 1994-02-01 13:25:28
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
One can register the work and sue for statutory damages and attorneys'
fees. No need to prove damages in such a case.
If the Copyright Act is amended this year, it may be that one need not
even register the work.

@_date: 1994-02-01 13:40:44
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
This is not true.
May have been true in the old days, but it isn't true now.

@_date: 1994-02-01 15:20:42
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Archiving mail-lists... 
Practical impossibility != legal impossibility.
Hard, yes, but not impossible. Most copyright actions involving works that
are not being sold resort to statutory damages. And you can register your
copyright *after* the infringement occurs.

@_date: 1994-02-02 11:25:33
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: digital signatures/copyright 
I suppose one could, but, really, there's no issue of "copyright
retention" out there. Post something to the Net, and it's copyrighted, and
you hold the copyright. Doesn't matter whether you've digsigged it or not.

@_date: 1994-02-05 07:40:15
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) requires a court order
for such taps.

@_date: 1994-02-07 08:26:26
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: DOJ procedures relating to Clipper Chips and key escrow 
One of the interesting passages comes at the end of the DOJ memo
about obtaining Clipper keys pursuant to an interception:
"These procedures do not create, and are not intended to create,
any substantive rights for individuals intercepted through
electronic surveillance, and noncompliance with these procedures
shall not provide the basis for any motion to suppress or other
objection to the introduction of electronic surveillance evidence
lawfully acquired."
What this means, apparently, is that keys or communications obtained
through noncompliance with these procedures are nevertheless considered
to be "lawfully acquired." No suppression of evidence. No civil suit.
In other words, "if we break our rules, tough."

@_date: 1994-02-07 12:41:44
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: DOJ procedures relating to Clipper Chips and key escrow 
If anything, the Clinton announcements are far more generous than those of
Reagan and Bush.

@_date: 1994-02-07 14:31:29
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: reno_key_escrow.statement (fwd) 
Not at the key-escrow phase, no. But you have to have a valid search
warrant or authorization order in hand before you can go to the escrow
agencies and request the partial keys.
Here's the relevant language:
                                           ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
                                   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The reason that Reno doesn't just say "a court-ordered wiretap" is
that there are some emergency circumstances under which wiretap
authorization can be gotten in advance of approval by a neutral
magistrate. Both the Wiretap Act and the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act make provisions for such emergencies. Eventually, such emergency wiretaps do have to be reviewed by a
magistrate, however. In the Wiretap Act, and, I believe, in FISA, the time limit is 48 hours.

@_date: 1994-02-07 15:20:41
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: reno_key_escrow.statement (fwd) 
You're misunderstanding the language. Strictly speaking, law-enforcement
agents who seek wiretaps receive "authorization orders," not warrants.
So the word "authorized" is perfectly appropriate.

@_date: 1994-02-10 11:40:22
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Julf jokes:
Only in some, less enlightened states. And the states that do have such
laws rarely enforce them.
This is legal in all 50 states. It is unconstitutional to outlaw
membership in a political party.
But not legal trouble.

@_date: 1994-02-12 21:51:10
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
It's not a patent. It's a principle. The idea is that the best cure for
bad speech is not censorship, but more speech.

@_date: 1994-02-12 21:52:54
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Yes. Freedom of the press means freedom for hateful ideas.
Or it means nothing at all.

@_date: 1994-02-12 23:54:45
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Greg is right. (Sorry, Perry.) As a practical matter, there are almost
no obscenity prosecutions for words these days, but technically it's
possible that words can be obscene. Ask 2 Live Crew.

@_date: 1994-02-15 06:31:42
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Clipper and Traffic Analysis 
Does anyone here have any thoughts as to whether Clipper enables traffic
analysis or tracing more easy than it normally is under Switching System
7? The reason I ask is, I have this sense that one reason the government
likes Clipper is that the Law Enforcement Access Field enables agents
to draw inferences about who's talking to whom and what they're saying,
even without decrypting the actual communications.
What do you think?

@_date: 1994-02-15 08:11:41
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Clipper and Traffic Analysis 
Please pardon my error. I referred in my initial post in this thread
to "Switching System 7." Of course, I meant to say "Signaling System
I knew I should have had some coffee this morning.

@_date: 1994-02-15 12:01:42
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: LEAF, SS7 
But the police can. They can decrypt the LEAF even without an escrow key.
You use a family key to do that.

@_date: 1994-02-16 09:40:18
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: EFF WANTS YOU TO CALL FOR SENATE HEARINGS ON CLIPPER 
EFF WANTS YOU TO CALL FOR SENATE HEARINGS ON CLIPPER
*** Distribute Widely ***
Feb. 15, 1994
Dear Friends on the Electronic Frontier,
Thank you for your efforts in fighting the government's ill-considered
Clipper proposal. We have already delivered over 2250 messages supporting
H.R. 3627 to Rep. Cantwell, and your messages have continued to flood in.
We'd now like to ask you to help us call for Congressional hearings on
Clipper by writing to Senator Patrick Leahy c/o leahy
As we have previously reported, the Clinton Administration has announced
that it plans to proceed on every front to make the Clipper Chip
encryption scheme a national standard and to discourage the development
and sale of alternative powerful encryption technologies. If the
government succeeds in this effort, the resulting blow to individual
freedom and privacy could be immeasurable.
So far, the government has resisted requests that it explain its policy.
When the Presidential Decision Directive calling for Clipper deployment
first appeared last spring, the Administration promised a report that
re-evaluated cryptography and privacy policy in light of technological
changes, the coming of the National Information Infrastructure, and the
end of the Cold War. The Administration also made a commitment to
meaningful public dialog before taking any major action on escrow
deployment or new legislation.
Yet in spite of the efforts of EFF, CPSR, ACLU, and other groups to
provide extensive input to the Administration, the promised policy report
never arrived, and the Administration has now said there will be no report
after all. This failure of public accountability makes Congressional
hearings an absolute necessity.
There are individuals in Congress willing to look into the Clipper
proposal and related policies--if they hear from you. Senator Patrick
Leahy (D-Vermont), who chairs one of the key committees responsible for
these issues, has asked for comments and concerns about the viability of
the Clipper initiative.
Here's where we need your help. *Please write Senator Leahy at
        leahy
and ask that the Senate hold hearings about Clipper.* Senate hearings may
be the only means of ensuring public feedback about Clipper, and, just as
important, they may be the only means of forcing the Administration to
explain its Clipper policy. Please express your concerns about the United
States' Clipper policy and cryptographic policy in general. Your letters
in support of hearings will be printed out and delivered to the senator.
And if you haven't written Rep. Maria Cantwell to show your support for
H.R. 3627, her bill to relax export restrictions on encryption technology,
now's the time to do so. Just send e-mail to         cantwell
and put "I support H.R. 3627" in your Subject header. Letters in support
of the bill will be printed out and delivered to Rep. Cantwell.
Our fight to keep national encryption policy out in the open--and to
continue allowing individuals to use encryption to ensure their own
privacy--has only just begun. In the coming weeks and months, we will be
working to give you more ways to make your voice heard on these vital
public issues.
Jerry Berman
Executive Director
Electronic Frontier Foundation

@_date: 1994-02-21 17:08:04
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Gun conversion info banne 
These cases are pre-Brandenburg v. Ohio. In Brandenburg, the Supreme Court
held that mere advocacy of illegal conduct is Constitutionally protected.

@_date: 1994-02-23 17:37:26
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Digital Telephony Bill 1994 (Draft) 
No. Encrypted communications are still as protected as they ever were.

@_date: 1994-02-23 20:19:19
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Speaking of disinformation... 
Well, actually, section arguably does create some marginal improvements in
privacy protection under Title III.

@_date: 1994-02-23 20:25:54
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Digital Telephony--Section-by-section analysis 
Section-by-section Analysis of the 1994 draft
of the Digital Telephony legislation
Mike Godwin
The "other purposes" are, apparently, the correction of a drafting error
in ECPA that led to an anomaly in 18 USC 2511. See Section 4 below.
SECTION 2
Chapter 119 is the communications-interception chapter, commonly called
"Title III."
Chapter 206 is the pen-register/trap-and-trace chapter.
Title 50 includes interception provisions of the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act.
Note that Chapter 121 of Title 18, the stored-communications chapter of
the U.S. criminal code, is not mentioned. It may, however, be affected by
some of the amendments suggested in the Digital Telephony bill. This is essentially a deceptive statement about the effect of the Act.
Although 18 USC 2518(4) allows applicants for authorization orders to
request that the order "direct that a provider of wire or electronic
communication service ... furnish the applicant forthwith with all
information, facilities, and technical assistance necessary to accomplish
the interception...", this provision has not widely been interpreted to
hold that service providers must actively create solutions to interception
problems if those solutions do not already exist. The FBI analysis says
government agencies "have been reluctant to pursue contempt or other legal
remedies to resolve this issue." The reason for this reluctance, in my
opinion, is that the language of 2518(4) does not unequivocally impose
such a burden on providers, and the government stands a good chance of
losing any fight in which it claims that such a burden does exist.
Thus, the FBI's solution is to create a *new* and *routine* obligation on
common carriers (but not small-scale providers) to generate technical
solutions to interception and "call setup" problems created by current
common-carrier networks. Moreover, this Act would require that common
carriers make manpower available on a 24-hour basis to handle
interceptions and the capture of call-setup information in the event of a
wiretap or pen-register/trap-and-trace order.
The FBI analysis asserts without quantification that "since the mid-1980s,
technological impediments have frustrated, in whole or in part, the
execution of a number of court orders." But among the "technological
impediments," apparently, has been the reluctance or inability of common
carriers to provide the kind of assistance that law
enforcement--specifically, guaranteed ability to capture communications
contents and "call setup" information.
The Act and the FBI analysis consistently use the language of
"clarification" in reference to the amendments contained in the Act, but
of course the vastly expanded authority of the Attorney General and the
FCC to supervise and punish common carriers is nothing if not "expanded
authority." This Act also creates many new legal obligations for common
carriers, "support services," and telecom equipment manufacturers.
These are all addressed in Section 4 of the Act. This section corrects
four anomalies under the current statutes: 1) It brings cordless telephones under the protection of Title III.
2) With respect to radio communications it creates Title III protection
for "an electronic communication" that is transmitted via radio.
3) It corrects an apparent omission by adding radio communications that
use "modulation techniques" for privacy to the interception penalty
provisions of 18 USC 2511(4).
4) It corrects a drafting error in ECPA by adding "electronic
communication" to a clause in 18 USC 2511 (2)(a)(i).
Note that Chapter 109 is not part of Title III; instead, it's a chapter
including various penalty provisions for interference in the execution of
lawful searches and seizures and for violating the Constitutionally
mandated requirements for such procedures. The chapter is does not amount
to a statutory scheme--it's basically a collection of somewhat related
individual search-and-seizure statutes.
Why isn't this Act part of Title III? Perhaps because it uses a different
definition of "intercept" than is used in the wiretap statute. See
discussion below.
This Section of the Act outlines and specifies just what the government
wants the phrase "information, facilities, technical assistance" in 18 USC
2518 to mean. Note that a major component of these obligations is the
requirement that common carriers *create* new information and facilities
and devise new means of technical assistance.
The FBI analysis makes clear that the drafters of this Act developed a
wish list in consultation with other  federal, state, and local
law-enforcement agencies. Although the FBI analysis states that "The
Government intentionally eschewed setting any technical standards because
it does not desire to 'dictate' particular technological solutions, it is
apparent that the government hopes to gain the authority to dictate
*functional* solutions. Given the penalties for noncompliance and other
enforcement powers this Act creates, "dictate" is not too strong a verb
for the kind of prerogative the government is seeking.
Note that in this iteration of the Act, there is a new emphasis on "call
setup information," which is, basically, origination and destination
information for wire or electronic communications. It has been claimed by
law enforcement that such current features as call forwarding often thwart
their ability to implement wiretaps, pen registers, or traps and traces.
This Act, if passed, would require common carriers to redesign calling
features if necessary to be ble to provide "call setup" information, or,
in the alternative, to cease providing calling features that thwarted the
capture of such transactional information.
It is unclear how such a requirement would play out in cases where
communications are transmitted using both common carriage networks and
enhanced service providers. On its face, the statute may require that a
common carrier be able, for example,  to tell not only which subscriber is
sending e-mail over the phone lines to the CompuServe Packet Network, but
also where that e-mail's ultimate destination is.
The FBI analysis stresses that common carriers can perform a capacity
analysis, based on their prior records of assisted intercepts, etc., to
determine how much wiretap capacity to provide in order to minimize the
costs of compliance.   The FBI claims that "a number of court orders and
authorizations were not fully executed, or were not even sought" because
of "capacity shortfalls, such as insufficient 'port' capacity in the
cellular mobile switching offices." The FBI analysis states that "at any
particular time, a number of Federal, state, and local government agencies
may be competing" for capacity, and that "it is critical that there be
sufficient capacity to accommodate completely the concomitant needs of all
government agencies."
This section requires that common carriers, including cellular and any
other mobile-phone service, be able to single out individual
communications and capture both contents and call-setup information, that
they be able to do this "live," or else immediately after the
transmission, with a preference for the former. This is the meaning of
The FBI analysis justifies this requirement in terms of "minimization" of
intrusion on the communications of innocent parties; of course, the
requirement would enhance the efficiency and speed with which the
government could effect a wiretap.
No strange clicking on the line, in other words.
Not only must communications and call-setup info be captured "live" or
immediately post-transmission, but it also must be routable  to a remote,
designated government-operated location. Whether the routing is done by
the carrier or the government is unclear.
The exceptions to this "routability requirement" occur when a criminal or
intelligence emergency pre-empts the normal process of seeking an order,
or when there is an attempt by the person committing an offense to thwart
interception by changing facilities. These types of situations are
provided for under current law.
The FBI analysis justifies this "drafting" of personnel as a way of
mollifying common carriers who don't want non-personnel handling their
equipment or operating their facilities. Of course, this section also
means that a common carrier must budget for such personnel to be at the
service of law enforcement for on-premises intercepts and call-setup
The time limit for compliance has not changed since the last iteration of
the Act.
Note that only large-scale communications providers are included in the
scope of this version of the Act. The FBI analysis states that PBXs,
computer-network providers, and other entities that do not qualify as
common carriers are not to be obligated by the passage of this act to add
these new capabilities, but will be obligated to cooperate under the
general provisions of 18 USC 2518(4) to the extent possible. *Note
especially that this distinction undercuts the claim that the government
is merely "clarifying" a pre-existing obligation under 18 USC 2518(4)--if
that were true, these clarifications would apply to *all* "providers of
wire or electronic communications services" and not just "common
This section imposes an obligation on common carriers to instruct support
services and equipment providers that they need "wiretap-friendly"
services and equipment, and it imposes an obligation on the service and
equipment providers to comply.
Note that the statute does not itself outline remedies for noncompliance
by support services and equipment providers. The FBI analysis, however,
states that the Attorney General "may apply for an order, such as a writ
of mandamus" mandating the compliance of such entities.
The "may apply" language implies that this is not an exhaustive list of
the remedies available to the Attorney General, who is granted general
"authority to enforce."
In the first version of this Act, enforcement authority was to be given to
the FCC; in the second version, enforcement was the responsibility of the
Attorney General and the DOJ.  This section apparently combines the best
of both worlds, empowering either the FCC or the AG to enforce the Act's
Essentially, this section allows non-compliant common carriers to be
challenged on two fronts.
This language apparently is merely precatory; apparently, the Attorney
General need not consult with the FCC or the other entities mentioned
We may reasonably anticipate that there would be significant litigation on
the issue of remuneration for "reasonable costs."
Normally, "intercept" means capture the contents of a communication. 18
USC 2510(4).  But the government here is exempting common carriers from
providing the plaintext versions of encrypted communications that were
encrypted be the subscriber through some method other than an encryption
service offered by the common carrier and to which the carrier retains the
encryption keys or some equivalent capability to decrypt the
Interestingly, this definition seems to gut the meaning of the definition
in 18 USC 2510(4), which focuses only on the content of the communication.
"Interception" legally means "capturing the content" in Title III. If
you're not capturing the content, it's not, strictly speaking, an
interception according the statutory definition.
The FBI analysis states that law enforcement's preference is for such
information to be captured *before* transmission.
This provision would create an immensely powerful tool for message traffic
analysis, which has significance wholly independent of the ability to
capture the content of communications.
The government's prerogative to capture such transactional information is
conditioned on a much lower standard of proof than that for
wiretaps--rather than making a showing of probable cause, the government
need only "certify" to the issuing magistrate that "the information likely
to be obtained by such installation and use is relevant to an ongoing
criminal investigation." 18 USC 3123.
This simply makes clear that the prerogative to require these new services
from common carriers extends to all levels of law enforcement, and not
just to the federal law-enforcement and intelligence agencies. In the early days of cordless telephones, it was easy for the radio
transmissions between handsets and base units to be intercepted by
scanners and, occasionally, by ordinary transistor radios. Congress did
not want to felonize such trivially easy interceptions. Current cordless
phone technology, however, makes such interceptions more difficult,
according to the FBI analysis, and therefore it makes sense to extend
wiretap protections to cordless phones.
Note that this would resolve a long-standing anomaly in the protections
offered by Title III.
This adds "electronic communications" (such as e-mail or data
communications) to the class of radio communications whose privacy is
protected by Title III. The FBI analysis states that this amendment is
designed to make clear that data communications over radio are also
protected under Title III.
This amendment adds a penalty for modulation-protected communications,
which are already defined as not "readily accessible to the general
public" under the current language of 18 USC 2510(16)(B).
This simply corrects a drafting error left over from the Electronic
Communications Privacy Act, by adding the term "electronic communications"
to those communications that a provider can intercept or disclose in the
course of protecting its service. The amended section already included the
language "provider of wire or electronic communications service," but
seemed to allow only the interception and disclosure of "wire

@_date: 1994-02-24 16:44:20
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: story on digital telephony from today's Washington Post (fwd) 
The Washington Post
February 24, 1994
Business Section, first page
FBI, Justice Seek High-Tech Surveillance Guarantees
by John Mintz and John Schwartz
Washington Post Staff Writers
The FBI and the Justice Department are fearful that increasing
sophistication in communications technology will keep investigators from
tapping phones and computers and are seeking legislative guarantees that
wiretaps will continue to be technically possible.
The Bush administration proposed a similar bill in 1992, but withdrew it
after industry officials and civil libertarians bitterly denounced it. Although the Clinton administration's new version differs in some ways from
the old one, opponents said it too is flawed.
Administration officials will outline their proposal today at the White
House for communications executives.
"We see this bill as a potential blueprint for an electronic surveillance
society," said Jerry Berman, executive director of the Electronic Frontier
Foundation and spokesman for a coalition of civil-liberties groups and
high-technology firms.
FBI Director Louis J. Freeh said in a speech last week that the new
technologies and a "lack of support" by some communications executives mean
"the country will be unable to protect itself against terrorism, violent
crime, foreign threats, drug trafficking, espionage" and other crimes.
Berman said that designing peepholes into the nation's rapidly expanding
information infrastructure will do far more than guarantee law enforcement
agencies the ability to tap phones.
As more and more activities of everyday life go "on-line" -- from home
banking to video-on-demand selections -- the initiative would provide
snoopers with a profile of how citizens live, work and play, he said.
The new bill would give the attorney general broad power to demand that
communications gear be designed to guarantee that investigators would have
access to it, and sets stiff penalties for firms that don't comply.
The bill would allow the attorney general to seek fines of $10,000 a day
for firms that don't provide access or, in some cases, to shut them down. A copy of the bill and the administration's analysis have been obtained by
The Washington Post.
Industry executives voiced concern that redesigning U.S. communications
networks to accommodate the proposed legislation would cost more than the
FBI's $300 million estimate.  Under the FBI plan, taxpayers, not telephone
ratepayers, would foot the bill.
The FBI and the Justice Department say the initiative would not expand
their power, but would ensure access to the type of communications they
have been entitled to tap for years.
Administration officials say such authority was granted in 1970 amendments
to the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968.  But the
communications industry at that time consisted mostly of AT&T.  Not only
has technology become more complex, but a host of new players have entered
the field, including the "Baby Bell" regional phone companies, cable firms,
computer companies and more.
The FBI is concerned about a host of new phone services, including "call
forwarding," under which calls are bounced from phone to phone and, in
turn, defeat investigators searching for a call's final destination.
Moreover, the FBI says many cellular phone systems provide only limited
"ports," or entryways, for tapping.  In the mid-1980s, New York City's
cellular system provided only five "ports" for tapping, meaning
investigators often waited in line.
The new bill dropped a requirement in the 1992 proposal that would have
insisted that corporate switchboards accommodate wiretaps.
The new bill applies mainly to "common carriers."  That term usually refers
to phone firms or transportation companies, but in this bill could be
interpreted to include cable firms and others.  Computer and
telecommunications equipment firms also would be required to provide access
for investigators.
The bill would require phone firms, on law enforcement's request, to
provide up-to-the-second records on every call to and from any phone.  The
new bill would allow investigators to gather the information more quickly
than ever before, and from their offices.  Under current law and under the
new bill, investigators can obtain such data relatively easily -- by
persuading a judge that it's "relevant" to an ongoing criminal probe.
Philip Servidea, government affairs director for AT&T, said the company has
long believed a new law is unnecessary.  "The legislation will have to have
come a long sight from the last version to be acceptable," he said.
"This makes the development of the communications industry a law
enforcement matter," said Janlori Goldman, a privacy expert at the American
Civil Liberties Union.  "We're very concerned."
Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (D-Vt.) said that while he looks forward to working
with Freeh to update wiretap laws, giving the government "final say in how
far and how fast technology advances" could "jeopardize the legitimate
concerns of business."

@_date: 1994-02-25 08:57:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Clipper Death Threat 
The Supreme Court disagrees with David in cases ranging from NAACP v. Alabama to Griswold v. Connecticut.

@_date: 1994-02-25 10:18:26
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Clipper Death Threat 
Sure it does. Because the Supreme Court interprets the Constitution in a
way that's binding on all American government.
Take voting for example. The Constitution doesn't mention your right
to vote. The Supreme Court says your right to vote is implied by the
Constitution. Now, are you ready to assert that the Supreme Court is wrong
about this?
I thought not.

@_date: 1994-02-25 13:13:38
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Clipper Death Threat 
Does this mean your right to freedom of speech is not a "right," since
the government can limit the free speech of convicted felons? The
government is even more restrictive of the 4th Amendment rights
of convicted felons, so are you saying that the 4th Amendment is not
a "right as such"?

@_date: 1994-02-25 13:22:51
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Clipper Death Threat 
Are you saying that if 4th Amendment were really a right, then there'd be
no searches and seizures? Wonder why they call it a "Bill of Rights."

@_date: 1994-02-25 13:30:36
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Clipper Death Threat 
David Lyle:
In that case, we don't have any rights. Try reading the cases.
You are defining "right" differently from the way it is defined in the
Constitution and elsewhere.
Now that I understand you to be using the word in a special, personal way,
I see no need to discuss it further on this list or elsewhere.

@_date: 1994-02-25 14:11:33
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Who makes de law de Law... 
Let's be precise. What I'm saying is that what the Supreme Court says the
Constitution means is what's binding.
Which is irrelevant, since the Court hasn't changed its institutional
stance on the death penalty.
Sure, the Court changes its mind, but it doesn't do so very often.

@_date: 1994-02-28 14:19:39
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: ditz in office 
I'm still reasonably satisfied to have voted for Clinton. I don't think
any of this stuff would have been any different if any other candidate had
been elected.

@_date: 1994-02-28 19:26:27
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: ditz in office 
I think DOJ, FBI, and NSA would have proceeded in exactly the same way,
regardless of who was in the White House. They would have gone straight to
Congress if necessary.

@_date: 1994-03-01 06:58:15
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: ditz in office 
I don't detect any less opposition to Clipper and Digital Telephony from
Clinton supporters than from Clinton opponents. Quite the opposite, if you
want to know the truth.

@_date: 1994-03-01 08:23:39
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: ditz in office 
Oh, please. Dislike Hillary Clinton's policies if you must, but
all this animus against Hillary Clinton as a person and as a fascist is grounded in sexism.

@_date: 1994-03-03 09:38:00
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Internet World article on Clipper 
A Chip Over My Shoulder:
 The Problems With Clipper
 Column for July 1994 issue of Internet World
 By Mike Godwin
 "Only in a police state is the job of a policeman easy."
 --Orson Welles  Your government is deeply troubled by the possibility that you can keep a
 secret.
 Or, to put it more precisely, the government is disturbed by the prospect
 of widespread powerful encryption tools in individual hands. Once you can
 keep your communications and data truly secret, officials worry, the value
 of wiretapping, an important law-enforcement and intelligence tool, will
 evaporate.
 It's unclear whether the government's arguments are valid. But regardless
 of whether they are, the government's latest efforts to prevent us from
 adopting powerful and uncrackable encryption technologies raise serious
 questions about personal liberty, the role of government, and the
 possibility of privacy in the 21st century.
 If you're not already familiar with these efforts, here's an update. The
 Clinton Administration has embarked on an ambitious plan to prevent a mass
 market for uncrackable encryption from arising. The first step in this
 plan has already been announced:  the Administration has called for the
 entire federal government to adopt the Clipper Chip--an encryption
 standard with a "back door"--for communications and data security.  In
 addition, the government has declared its intention to use every legal
 method short of outright prohibition to discourage alternative forms of
 encryption technology.
 "Just what is this Clipper Chip?" you may be wondering. The short answer
 is: the chip is an encryption device, developed to National Security
 Agency specs, that keeps your communications and data secret from everyone
 ... except the government.  To understand how the chip works, you need to look at what officials call
 its  "key escrow encryption method." Manufactured by a private company
 called Mykotronix, the chip uses an NSA-developed algorithm called
 "Skipjack, " which, by all accounts so far, is a remarkably powerful
 algorithm. But the chip also includes the "feature" that its primary
 encryption key can be divided up mathematically into two "partial keys."
 The government proposes that each partial key be held by a separate
 government agency--the Administration has picked the Department of the
 Treasury and the National Institute of Standards and Technology
 (NIST)--from which the keys can be retrieved when government officials
 obtain a wiretap order.  The NSA and the FBI love this idea. With the Clipper Chip in your phone or
 computer, they believe, you have the power to keep your information
 private from crooks and industrial spies and anyone else who wants to
 pry--except of course for law enforcement and the NSA. Law enforcement and
 intelligence agencies would be barred from seeking those escrowed keys in
 the absence of legal authorization, normally a court order. "And of course
 you needn't worry about us," say government officials. "We're here to
 protect you."
 	Chips Off the New Block
 The current initiative has been a long time coming. It was in April of
 last year the Clinton Administration first announced Clipper--the
 announcement was met with a public outcry from civil-liberties and
 industry groups. Civil libertarians were concerned about the government's
 insistence on its need to prevent citizens from having access to truly
 unbreachable privacy technologies. Computer and telecom industry leaders
 worried about a standard that might crush a potentially vital market in
 such technologies.
 At first the Administration expressed a willingness to listen. The Digital
 Privacy and Security Working Group, a coalition of industry and
 public-interest organizations headed by the Electronic Frontier
 Foundation, outlined its objections and expressed the hope of engaging in
 talks with the Administration about the issue. In early February of this
 year, however, the Clinton Administration and various agencies announced
 to the world that, in spite of the grave misgivings of civil-liberties and
 industry groups, it would be proposing the Clipper Chip's encryption
 scheme as a new Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS). The
 standard, stresses the government, will be entirely "voluntary"--but the
 government plans to use export-control laws and other methods to frustrate
 the market for any competitive form of encryption technology.
 Current export-control laws restrict the sales in foreign controls of
 encryption hardware and software. The laws have not been entirely
 effective in keeping commercial encryption technologies out of foreign
 hands--it's possible these days to buy encryption products in Moscow, for
 example. But the laws do succeed in deterring the American software
 industry from developing powerful and easy-to-use encryption products,
 since any company that does so is denied the right to sell the product on
 the global market.
 Still, if Clipper is voluntary, you may ask, what does it matter to
 *individuals *what standard the government adopts? The government also
 adopted the ADA programming language, after all, yet there are still
 people programming in all sorts of languages, from BASIC to C++. The
 answer is simple--"freedom of choice" is meaningful only if there are real
 choices. The government's export-control strategy is designed to make sure
 that there aren't any choices. If commercial software companies aren't
 allowed to sell encryption to the world market, they're unlikely to
 develop strong, easy-to-use alternatives to Clipper. And that means
 individuals won't have access to alternatives.
 Now, it's perfectly possible, in theory, to thwart the government-approved
 Clipper scheme by using a non-commercial encryption application, such as
 PGP, to pre-encrypt your messages before sending them through
 Clipper-equipped devices. But PGP and other products, because of their
 slowness or difficulty, are never likely to expand beyond the circle of
 hobbyists that enthusiastically support them. For encryption products to
 give rise to a genuine consumer market, they have to be quick and almost
 transparently easy to use.  The government knows this, which is why their focus is on nipping
 (clipping?) the commercial encryption software market in the bud. It's the
 commercial market that really matters.
 	The government's side
 When asked to substantiate the need for Clipper, or the threat of
 unbreakable encryption, the government often talks about crime prevention.
 As a practical matter, however, wiretaps are almost always used *after*
 crimes are committed--to gather evidence about the individuals the
 government already suspects to have been involved in a crime. So, the
 hypothetical cases involving nuclear terrorism or murder-kidnappings
 aren't really convincing--it's the rare case in which a wiretap prevents a
 crime from occurring. As a practical matter, the single most important
 asset to law enforcement is not wiretaps but informants. And nothing about
 unbreakable encryption poses the risk that informants are going to
 disappear.
 One of the more rational statements of the government's case for Clipper
 comes from my friend Trotter Hardy, a law professor at William and Mary,
 "The government's argument, I take it, is that the benefit is law
 enforcement.  That strikes me as at least as great a benefit as minimum
 wage laws; perhaps more, since it protects everybody (at least in theory),
 whereas [minimum] wage laws primarily benefit their recipients.  Maybe EPA
 regs are the better analogy: everybody gets reduced pollution; with
 Clipper, everybody gets reduced criminal activity.  Is that not a
 reasonable trade-off?"
 But the problem is that the government refuses to be forthcoming as to
 what  kind of trade-off we're talking about. According to government
 statistics, there are fewer than 1000 state and federal law-enforcement
 wiretaps per year, and only of a minority of these wiretaps leads to
 convictions. Yet we are being asked to abandon the chance for true privacy
 and to risk billions of dollars in trade  losses when there has never been
 shown to be any crime associated with  uncrackable encryption whatsoever.
 And we're also being asked to believe that the kind of criminals who are
 smart enough to use encryption are dumb enough to choose the one kind of
 encryption that the government is guaranteed to be able to crack.
 Moreover, there are fundamental political issues at stake. This country
 was founded on a principle of restraints on government. A system in which
 the privacy of our communications is contingent on the good faith of the
 government, which holds all the encryption keys, flies in the face of what
 we have been taught to believe about the structure of government and the
 importance of individual liberty.
 In short, the government fails to make its case in two separate
 ways--pragmatically and philosophically.
 Trotter goes on to write:  ".... I don't think the government cares whether an accountant in India
 can password protect a  spreadsheet.  I would guess that even Clipper or
 DES [the government's current Digital Encryption Standard] or whatever
 would be more than enough protection for such a person. I think the
 government cares that it be able to detect foreign intelligence that is
 relevant to US security or interests. I am not sure where I come out on
 the question, but at the very least it seems to me that the government is
 reasonable in this desire."
 Yet there are some premises here that need to be questioned. Do we really
 suppose that "foreign intelligence" is dependent on the American software
 industry to develop its encryption tools? Diffie-Helman public-key
 encryption and DES are already available worldwide, yet  Microsoft can't
 export software that contains either form of encryption.
 No, the real issue is that, to the extent that a mass market arises for
 encryption products, it makes the NSA's job more difficult, and it may  at
 some future time make some investigations more difficult as well.
 When asked to quantify the problem, however, the government invariably
 begs off.  Instead, government spokespeople say, "Well, how would you feel
 if there were a  murder-kidnapping that we couldn't solve because of
 encryption?" To which  my answer is, "Well, I'd feel about the same way
 that I'd feel if there  were a murder-kidnapping that couldn't be solved
 because of the privilege  against self-incrimination."
 Which is to say, I understand that limits on government power entail  a
 loss in efficiency of law-enforcement investigations and
 intelligence-agency operations. Nevertheless, there is a fundamental
 choice we have to make about what kind of society we want to live in.
 Open societies, and societies that allow individual privacy, are  *less
 safe*. But we have been taught to value liberty more highly  than safety,
 and I think that's a lesson well-learned.
 What's more, we need to be able to engage in rational risk assessment, and
 that's  something that the government resists. Instead, the government
 subscribes to  the reasoning of Pascal's Wager. Pascal, you may recall,
 argued that the  rational man is a Christian, even if the chances that
 Christianity is true  are small. His reasoning is quasi-mathematical--even
 if the chances of  Christianity's truth are small, the consequences of
 choosing not to  be a Christian are (if that choice is incorrect)
 infinitely terrible.  Eternal torment, demons, flames, the whole works.
 This is precisely the way that the government talks about nuclear
 terrorism and murder-kidnappings. When asked what the probability is  of
 a) a nuclear terrorist, who b) decides to use encryption, and c)  manages
 otherwise to thwart counterterrorist efforts, they'll answer  "What does
 it matter what the probability is? Even one case is too  much to risk!"  But we can't live in a society that defines its approach to civil
 liberties  in terms of infinitely bad but low-probability events. Open
 societies are risky. Individual freedom and privacy are risky. If we are
 to make a  mature commitment to an open society, we have to acknowledge
 those risks  up front, and reaffirm our willingness to endure them.
 We face a choice now. After a century of technological development that
 has eroded our ability to keep our personal lives private, we finally
 possess, thanks to cheap computing power and advances in cryptography, the
 ability to take privacy into our own hands and make our own decisions
 about how much, and how well, to protect it.  This prospect is frightening to a government that has come to rely on its
 ability to reach into our private lives when it sees the need to do so.
 But I have faith that our society is not dependent on our government's
 right to mandate disclosure of our personal records and private
 communications--that a mature society can tolerate a large degree of
 personal privacy and autonomy.  It's a faith I hope you share.

@_date: 1994-03-04 14:13:54
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: SF Chron comes out against Clipper 
Can someone mail me a hard copy of this piece? We need it for our files. A
photocopy would do.
--Mike Godwin
  EFF   1001 G St. NW
  Suite 950 East
  Washington, DC 20001

@_date: 1994-03-10 09:36:05
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Who Owns the Words? 
(3) is closest to the truth. You can still quote someone within Fair Use
guidelines, however.
Yes. Yes. The former poses no copyright problems.

@_date: 1994-03-10 10:34:33
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: D.C. meet 
Take the Red Line from Union station to Metro Center.
At Metro Center, take the exit that leads up into Woodward & Lothrop's.
Enter through the W&L deli, and bear left. Take escalators up to Washington Center atrium.
Bear right to doors into Washington center (if you're in the Hyatt, you
didn't bear right enough).
Enter the lobby (reception desk is to your left, bank of elevators
is straight ahead, and hallway takes 45 degree angle to your right).
Follow the hallway to your right. At its end is a second bank
of elevators. Take those elevators to the ninth floor.
When you get off on the ninth floor, go straight ahead past
the two receptionist stations, then bear left down a white hallway until
you come to a short staircase. Take the stairs down one flight.
You're at EFF.

@_date: 1994-03-10 15:01:28
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Who Owns the Words? 
Well, in music it's problematic. In film and TV even more so.
But it seems to be okay in text, in general.

@_date: 1994-03-14 10:32:23
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Nature of RSA's patent 
Can someone tell me whether RSA claims to hold process patents or device
patents on RSA public-key crypto?

@_date: 1994-03-14 11:32:56
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Nature of RSA's patent 
Here's why I'm asking.  The relevant statute is 35 USC 271(g):
 "Whoever without authority imports into the United States or sells or uses
 within the United States a product which is made by a process patented in
 the United States shall be liable as an infringer, if the importation, sale,
 or use of the product occurs during the term of such process patent. In an
 action for infringement of a process patent, no remedy may be granted for
 infringement on account of the noncommercial use or retail sale of a product
 unless there is no adequate remedy under this title for infringement on
 account of the importation or other use or sale of that product. A product
 which is made by a patented process will, for purposes of this title, not be
 considered to be so made after--
        1) it is materially changed by subsequent processes; or
        2) it becomes a trivial and nonessential component of another
 product."
I've got a guy who's telling me that PGP-encrypted communications sent
into the U.S.A. from abroad can be stopped at the border as infringing
"products," pursuant to this statute.
It's relevant to the argument whether RSA claims to hold process patents
or product patents.
The definitions of "product" and "import" are also relevant.

@_date: 1994-03-14 12:43:15
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Nature of RSA's patent 
The statute bars import of infringing products, not use of products.

@_date: 1994-03-17 14:06:52
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: EFF gun-shy of legally employing PGP (fwd) 
Grady, this kind of smear is unnecessary. I didn't respond to further
queries because I didn't see any further queries.
I expect you to apologize for this forthwith. Some people apparently have
too much time on their hands, and they fill it with speculations about
others' motives.
In the meantime, I'll give you three reasons we didn't use PGP.
1) It wouldn't have solved the problem, since the majority of people who
spreead the false press release are not encryption users.
2) PGP is inconvenient to use.
3) EFF is a Mac shop, but our licensed copy of Viacrypt doesn't run on the
Feel free to forward this message. And, please, try not hinder our
effectiveness with further unsupported smears and accusations. Thanks in
Followup-To: alt.2600,comp.org.eff.talk
Organization: Moby lexical databases
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL1]
References:  <2m2mou$mp1 <1994Mar15.170955.21185 <2m5p3f$gt4
Distribution: inet
Lines: 78
: > Yes, but the point of the reply, is that PGP signatures SHOULD
: > be used by sysops.
: Hmmm... why PGP, as opposed to the FIPS Digital Signature Standard?
: Is the latter not in place yet?
Yes, you can use the DSS (unless it is given away to PK partners, that is).
The importance of using PGP or another strong privately developed crypto
is that it supports the industry rather than relies upon the government.
But since Mr Godwin has answered the question to his satisfaction and is not
responding to further questions, I guess we will never know the real reason
why the EFF will not use PGP to digitally sign press releases.
Apparently Mr Godwin chooses not to be responsive to the EFF membership with
respect to this issue. He only has said that sysops don't use PGP so rumors
would not be quashed anyway. From a person of his intelligence this is about the lamest reason I've heard.
Let me see if I can speculate on the real reaons the EFF may not choose to use PGP to sign press releases:
(0) Using PGP would be provocative to the very powers we seek to infiltrate
[ViaCrypt PGP is perfectly legal and fully licensed.]
(1) There is not a problem with authenticity.
[This must be false, otherwise Mr Godwin wouldn't have begun this thread]
(2) Signing with PGP is not effective.
[false; MD5 and RSA have no known weaknesses]
(3) Signing with PGP is too hard or would take too much time
[false, perfect for irregular press releases]
(4) PGP signatures take too much bandwidth.
[false, again perfect for the mmoderate to longer press releases]
(5) Sysops don't use PGP, rumors would spread anyway
[Sysops might begin with suitable leadership; the signature of course
could be ignored and the rumor spread anyway -- but if there *were*
a question of authenticity an individual could check the authenticity
without needing to log on to EFF's server or needing to personally contact an EFF official]
(6) Signatures make the press release harder to read
[false, a single line at the beginning and a block of lines at the end
are added, none of the body is changed in any way]
(7) We are journalists and attorneys, not nose-picking nerds
(8) We are journalists and attorneys, this might expose up to greater
liability and less 'deniability'.
(9) We just defend these 'PGP' and 'BBS' people.  We don't actually
want to ASSOCIATE with them more than we have to.  Cooties. (10) The EFF does not have to explain its actions or inactions to anyone.
While Sternlight is merely annoying, and sometimes entertaining, EFFs
lack of dialogue on this leadership opportunity supporting private
crypto signatures is very, very disappointing.

@_date: 1994-03-17 15:30:03
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: EFF gun-shy of legally employing PGP (fwd) 
I respectfully disagree.. This may change in the future, of course.
What surely would have happened is that few people would have bothered to
check the signature, and those who did might try to counter the rumors,
but I'd still get calls from people who want to know *directly from me*
that it's a hoax (in other words, they wouldn't credit the claims of those
who checked the signature). Net result--no difference in time and effort
on my part.
Now, don't get me wrong--use of crypto is a good thing, and should be
encouraged, and we may eventually standardize on its use within EFF.
But the claim that this would have prevented the hoax is insupportable. Maybe in the future crypto society, but not now.
It is important to uncouple the argument that EFF should use crypto
from the argument that if we had used it, the problem we saw here would
not occur.
The specific argument that Grady Ward used to savage me and EFF is based
on the claim that we should have used PGP *specifically*.
As a matter of pure aesthetics, I prefer other things in my .signature.
There is even less poetry on the Net than there is cryptography.
Mike Godwin, (202) 347-5400 |"And walk among long dappled grass,
mnemonic            | And pluck till time and times are done Electronic Frontier         | The silver apples of the moon,
Foundation                  | The golden apples of the sun."

@_date: 1994-03-28 15:48:12
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: cfp '94 transcript 
Exactly right. The FBI may lie to you, but you may not lie
to them (see 18 USC 1001).

@_date: 1994-03-29 07:40:57
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: cfp '94 transcript 
18 USC 1001 is a crime in every state, but interpretations of the law
may vary by circuit. We're talking about the Fifth Circuit here, looks

@_date: 1994-04-26 09:34:28
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Milgram & Authority 
I have my doubts about the ethics of Milgram's research. But it's
difficult not to be grateful to him for his having done it.

@_date: 1994-08-05 20:45:58
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Encryption (fwd) 
Received this in the mail today.
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1994-09-06 15:02:40
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: A Different EFF on DigiTel Bill 
In article <199408291422.KAA10836
Somebody's got to give those law professors some grief.

@_date: 1994-12-06 13:30:08
@_author: "Eugene Volokh" 
@_subject: Ho, Ho, Ho 
Forwarded-by: Mike Godwin You'd better watch out,
You'd better not cry,
You'd better not pout;
I'm telling you why.
Santa Claus is tapping
Your phone.
He's bugging your room,
He's reading your mail,
He's keeping a file
And running a tail.
Santa Claus is tapping
Your phone.
He hears you in the bedroom,
Surveills you out of doors,
And if that doesn't get the goods,
Then he'll use provocateurs.
So--you mustn't assume
That you are secure.
On Christmas Eve
He'll kick in your door.
Santa Claus is tapping
Your phone.
[Supposedly written for and sung at a US Department of Justice,
Office of Legal Counsel Christmas party during the Carter

@_date: 1995-01-05 13:27:04
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Warning letter from Co$. [any comments ?] 
Actually, civil copyright infringement liability doesn't turn on
knowledge. You can be an infringer even if you don't know.
Criminal copyright infringement requires a guilty mental state, so *that*
you have to know.

@_date: 1995-07-20 04:44:58
@_author: Mike Godwin 
@_subject: Re: Why no action alert, coalition opposing S. 974? 
I just want to say: I endorse everything Shabbir says here.
