
@_date: 1995-09-07 20:15:52
@_author: Modemac 
@_subject: Scientology tries to break PGP - and fails? 
News Flash!
According to an informed source, the so-called "church" of Scientology is
trying to force Larry Wollersheim to give them his de-encryption code for
PGP. Larry Wollersheim is the director of FACTNet, a Colorado BBS that specializes in distributing information about religious cults - especially the Church of Scientology.  Scientologists raided FACTNet recently and seized its hardware and records recently, in a case that has spread news of the Scientology wars all over the Internet.
Scientology has been in possession of Larry Wollersheim's computer records for quite a while now - at least three weeks, I believe.  They have been scanning it for what they claim to be "copyright violations."  Yet, their list of scanning criteria also includes a list of 34 names of their critics and enemies, including a famous Netizen named "Rogue Agent."
Yet it seems that despite all their efforts to get what they want, they can't break PGP - so they have to force Wollersheim to reveal the key.
Mr. Wollersheim has stated that he will go to jail before he reveals his encryption key.
Please forward this note to all interested parties.
Call this one: BIG WIN FOR PGP!
For more information on Scientology's war against the Internet, read the many Web pages set up to cover the story.  My own page, an "Introduction to Scientology," is:
It includes a link to the FACTNet Web page, as well as Ron Newman's famous Web page: "The Church of Scientology vs. the Net."

@_date: 1995-10-18 04:59:35
@_author: Modemac 
@_subject: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal 
Several weeks back, I posted a message stating the need (in my opinion)
for a system of anonymity on the Internet that would be more secure than
the anonymous remailers.  Despite the valuable service provided by the
remailers, I am troubled by their vulnerability.  It seems likely that
at some point in the near future, a remailer is going to be silenced,
and possibly (though not inevitably) the contents of its database made
public.  This may possibly lead to criminal charges being filed against
someone, based on alleged criminal acts in which the remailer plays a
(I am not going to state what these "criminal acts" may be, because I
don't know which ones will be involed.  I don't know when this blow to
the remailer system will come, or who it will happen to.  I simply
believe that, given the growing trend towards censorship and anti-privacy in government and business circles, the blow will come
sooner or later.)
The vulnerability of the remailer system, in my opinion, rests in the
fact that a remailer is physically located in a certain place.  This
makes the remailer a target for attacks, as shown by the futile
efforts (so far) of the so-called "church" of Scientology to silence
the remailers at anon.penet.fi and xs4all.nl.  (The original demand
of Scientology in the Penet affair was for the entire contents of
Julf's database to be revealed, but fortunately Julf was able to limit
the exposure to a single user.  When Scientology attempted to raid
xs4all, their original seizure order was against the remailer itself

@_date: 1996-05-31 07:12:23
@_author: Modemac 
@_subject: Scientology subpoenas operator of "freezone" anon remailer 
Path: netcom.com!ixnews1.ix.netcom.com!howland.reston.ans.net!swrinde!newsfeed.internetmci.com!cdc2.cdc.net!news.texas.net!nntp.primenet.com!news.cais.net!bofh.dot!news.his.com!news.lightlink.com!light.lightlink.com!homer
Newsgroups: alt.religion.scientology,alt.religion.scientology.xenu,comp.org.eff.talk,misc.legal
Organization: ART MATRIX - LIGHTLINK
Lines: 28
Distribution: inet
NNTP-Posting-Host: light.lightlink.com
    Remailer Operators List Xref: netcom.com alt.religion.scientology:185032 comp.org.eff.talk:85083 misc.legal:174678
     DOCUMENTS AND THINGS TO BE PRODUCED
     1.) All documents relating to the posting, the header of which is
attached hereto as Exhibit A, which was made through the anonymous
remailer, freezone.remailer, including, without limitation, the identity
of the person or persons who made the posting.      2.) All documents relating to logs or other records kept by the
computer of any individuals who sent messages through freezone.remailer at
the time the Exhibit A posting was made.      3.) All documents relating to how records are kept by the
freezone.remailer computer of the source of postings made or messages send
through the computer.      Exhibit A is the header as received by netcom.com of Scamizdat posted on April 1st 1995.      Homer

@_date: 1996-06-15 23:44:28
@_author: Modemac 
@_subject: Proposal: PGPmail Plugin for Netscape/Mosaic 
I don't know C, unfortunately, otherwise I'd program this myself.  So instead I'm putting it up for debate, and to encourage any cypherpunk to give it a shot if he/she thinks it's a good idea.
The idea behind this utility is to encourage the use of PGP for sending email.  Currently, using PGP with email requires you to compose the message, get the recipient's public key, encrypt the message, upload it to your system (or transfer it over using the clipboard), and email it.  It would be much easier if sending a PGP email message was as simple as clicking a mouse.  This, this idea for a PGP plugin.  It goes like this:
You create a small text file containing an email address and a PGP public key.  Your own email address and key would be the best choice, of course, but it doesn't have to be yours.  Place that file on your Web page with a unique extension, such as public_key.key.  Include a link to this text file on your page, with a standard anchor like this:
Click here to send me a PGP email message
When your Web browser reads a .key file, it invokes the PGPmail plugin utility.  This utility calls up a window that allows you to compose your email message (just like a standard email form).  When you have finished composing the message, you click the "Send" button as usual.  The utility then does the following:
- Reads the public key from the .key file.
- PGP-encrypts the message with that public key, using the PGP -eat option.
- Emails that PGP-encrypted message to the address given in the .key file.
The major advantage of this utility is that it would allow you to send an email message to anyone who puts their public key onto their Web page in this fashion, without having to go through the rigamarole of getting the public key, saving it to a file, encrypting the message, emailing the message, and then deleting the public key again (to keep from bloating your keyring, especially if it's not someone you plan to have a regular conversation with).
It would also ensure security on your part, because the PGP encryption would take place entirely on your own system.  You wouldn't have to depend on a CGI script and someone else's copy of PGP, because the email process doesn't take place until *after* you have encrypted the email The ability to send a PGP-encrypted email message with one click of the mouse would result in an explosion of PGP use over the Web.  It would allow safe transactions of private information, such as people already do with PGP - but it would be so EASY that anyone with a Web browser could do it.

@_date: 1996-08-16 13:13:05
@_author: Modemac 
@_subject: Scientology *really* tries to crack PGP...AGAIN?!? 
Newsgroups: alt.religion.scientology,alt.security.pgp
The Special Master has informed me that Madame Kobrin has
asked her to retain a PC expert to attempt to "crack" a
series of pgp-encrypted multi-megabyte files that were
seized along with more than a compressed gigabyte of other
material from my safety deposit box.
Ironically, they phoned to ask for assistance in supplying them with
a prototype "crack" program that they could use in
iterating and permuting possibilities. I did supply them
a good core pgpcrack source that can search several
tens of thousands of possible key phrases a seconds;
I also suggested that they should at least be using a P6-200
workstation or better to make the search more efficient.
The undercurrent is that this fresh hysterical attempt to "get"
something on me coupled with the daily settlement pleas reflects
the hopelessness of the litigation position of the criminal cult.
It looks like the criminal cult has cast the die to
ensure that the RTC vs Ward case is fought out to the bitter end.
Which I modestly predict will be a devastating, humiliating defeat
for them from a pauper pro per.
I have given them a final settlement offer that they can leave
or take. Actually they have a window of opportunity now to drop the suit since my counterclaims have been dismissed
(although Jusge Whyte invited me to re-file a new counterclaim
motion on more legally sufficiant basis).
I think Keith and I have found a successful counter-strategy to
the cult's system of litigation harassment.
Meanwhile, I could use some help from veteran a.r.s'ers.  I need any copy you have of the Cease and Desist letter that you
may have received last year from Eliot Abelson quondam
criminal cult attorney and Eugene Martin Ingram spokespiece.
Physical mail:
Grady Ward
3449 Martha Ct.
Arcata, CA  95521-4884
JP's BMPs or fax-images to:
Grady Ward
Ps. I really do need all of your help and good wishes after all.
Thanks for all of you keeping the net a safe place to insult
kook kults.
                Reverend Modemac (modemac
   First Online Church of "Bob"      "There is no black and white."
 PGP Key Fingerprint: 47 90 41 70 B4 5B 06 90 7B 38 4E 11 8A ED 80 DF
               URL:       (FINGER modemac for a FREE SubGenius Pamphlet!)
