
@_date: 1996-11-20 08:38:56
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Happy Holidays!!! 
Forwarded message:
Subj:    For the Holidays...
         Need a special gift to give your family, loved ones, or your friends
from the internet for the Holidays?  You can now send them a personalized
mouse pad printed by Morence Productions.  Simply by mailing a picture of any
size to us, we can scan it, using high quality full color scans, and print
them perfectly onto the mouse pad.  There are absolutely no restrictions on
the photos you can send.  We guarantee that we can scan it and print it onto
the mouse pad for you.  Send in a picture of your girlfriend, boyfriend,
favorite actor, singer, scenery, movie title, computer game, family
portraits..... the possibilities are endless.   Want to add words to your
picture on the mouse pad? No problem!!  Professional computer artists will
renderize fascinating 3D words onto the picture to give it a great effect.
Please take advantage of our great Holiday prices:
1 personalized mouse pad for just $15.00.   Each mouse pad you order after
that is only $10.00!!! No limit on the number of mouse pads you order.  If
you are dissatisfied with the mouse pad(s) after you receive them, simply
them back for a complete refund, no questions asked.
Here is all you have to do to get your personalized mouse pads:   Send in
your pictures that you want to be scanned to us (if there are small multiple
pictures that you want to all be printed onto just 1 mouse pad, please
explain in your order.) However you explain in your order how you want it
printed, it will be done.  Remember that the pictures can be any size, they
will automatically be resized to print perfectly on the mouse pad.   There is
no extra cost to get words printed on your mouse pad.  They will be placed
over the picture.  Just let us know in the order what you would like it to
say if anything.
There is a shipping and handling fee of $1.00 for each mouse pad.  The
pictures are returned with your purchase.
Please make checks or money orders to:  John Morence.
John Morence
c/o Morence Productions
2141 Glendale Galleria  Glendale, CA  91210
If you have any questions, please email   Or feel free to write to our address.
