
@_date: 1995-10-05 15:19:33
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Oct 14 mtg - focus on java 
Hi -
The Oct 14 cypherpunks meeting will be focussing on Java topics. I'm putting together an agenda, and finalizing the meeting location. It looks like we'll have someone from the Java group at Sun to talk about
what the current Java security policy is, and about Java and HotJava
security mechanisms. Doug Barnes and Amanda Chou will talk about JCrypt, which is a set
of Java wrappers for existing C encryption routines.  If you'd like to talk at the Oct 14 meeting, please send me email with a description of your project, and I'll schedule you in.   I'll send out mail early next week with the agenda, and letting you know
where the meeting will be held.    I'm trying to get a large conference
room at one of the Sun facilities. mrm mrm

@_date: 1995-10-12 11:59:13
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Oct 14 meeting, focus on Java, Mountain View, California 
Hello again -
First, my sincere apologies for not making it clear in the first announcement that the Oct 14 meeting focussing on Java is being
held in the bay area of California.   Next, feel free to speak up for speaker slots if you're so inclined.
I was surprised no one wrote in to ask for speaker slots although
a lot of people wrote in to ask for more details on where the meeting
was and others wrote in to chastise me (correctly) for being so bayAreaCentric. Saturday Oct 14
         Time: 12 noon - 6 p.m.
        Place: Sparcy's cafeteria, building 21, Sun Microsystems
               Mountain View, California
  AgendaSoFar: 12 - 12:15    - Settle in, have a bagel
   Directions: Take 101 to Amphitheater Parkway.  Turn left
               onto Garcia, and drive about 1/2 mile and turn
               onto the first genuine side street which is
    Internet:  I'm trying to arrange to get a computer connected to Enough people wrote in to say that they'd like to hear a bit about
Java and HotJava (and how Netscape is using Java) to convince me
it would be a good idea to start off with setting some context. See you on Saturday!  Should be fun.  mrm

@_date: 1995-10-18 12:23:22
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: the beverage you are about to drink 
All this netscape-bashing reminds me ...
Doesn't anyone think it's sad-funny now that every styrofoam coffee cup has
to be labeled "Warning The Beverage You Are About To Consume Is Hot!!" The reality is, we don't want to get burned.  But the coffee is hot. So
you try to have some reasonable compromise since lukewarm coffee is just
not appetizing.

@_date: 1995-11-17 05:04:49
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Java & Netscape security (reply to misc. postings) 
Hi Harry & Perry & Jeff & Dr Cohen & "Alice" -
1.  Netscape security: Like Jeff said, Netscape 2.0beta has all the same security features as
JDK beta.  (JDK = Java Developer's Kit, the name for our current
product.)  Netscape and Sun have been cooperating closely to
implement, and test, and document the applet security model.  The
applet security manager and the applet class loader are implemented at
the Java layer, for which source code is available from Sun.
Granted, some elements of the the applet security model are
implemented at the Java<-->runtime level, and that's why we have tests
that we run on the appletviewer and on Netscape Navigator.
2.  Corporate security class:   Harry asks:  My question is, can a corporate user replace the security class in
 Netscape. I understand that all the class libs are in an external
 file. While a virus might exploit this... my reason for asking is for
 corporate developers who are building "intra"net systems.. making some
 tweaks to the security class would give them the flexibility they need.
 Otherwise we have taken much of the fun out of Java. (for good
 reasons).
The best thing to do if you want to implement your own
intra-corporation security model in the short run is to get a copy of
the beta source code, and take a look at AppletSecurity.java and
AppletClassLoader.java.  You can substitute your own versions of those
for your inhouse use.  This is relatively easy to do with the
appletviewer, and although it's possible to do some binary hack on
moz2_0.car and replace certain files with your own, it's probably not
everyone's cup of tea.  I mean, there's a difference between what you
can do, and what you want to do ... I understand that!
For the next release, we are working on how to enable people to
accomplish what you want to accomplish, in a standard way and in a
usable way, which preserves the applet security model.  The goal is to
design the APIs so that applets can have access to more system
functionality in a secure way.  Presumably what you really want to do
is write applets that have access to file i/o (or what have you), not
re-implement the security manager.
3.  Postscript considered dangerous:   (insert-smiley) As for the question of someone invoking a postscript interpreter via a
browser and thus opening up their system to some rogue postscript
file: I think it would be great if either of these two things were to
magically happen:
I doubt either of those two things will happen.  The average Jo on the
internet needs to understand that when s/he downloads binary files
over the internet and run them from insecure programs on their local
computer, well, s/he runs some risk.  This risk might be tiny, but
it's impossible to quantify loss.  If I lose a poem that I'm writing,
to me that's priceless, so I do not intend to imply that loss of data
isn't tragic for the person who loses it.  If you have data you can't
bear to lose, be sure to practice safe computing.  Perform backups
regularly, and use judgement about which interpreters and executable
programs you allow to run on your PC.
internet fan, mrm
Java Products Group, mrm

@_date: 1995-11-17 08:46:45
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: Java & Netscape security (reply to misc. postings) 
Hi Dr Cohen -
I work for Sun, and I don't speak for Netscape!     I do my best
to post messages that are accurate and that can be substantiated,
but that is not the same as being an official spokesperson. I think reasonable people can disagree on the dangers of
postscript interpreters.  I do not dismiss your concerns - I was
 merely pointing out that the fix may be simply not to run a postscript
interpreter.  That decision is made by a user, not by a web browser. Java Products Group  (this is the name of teh Java group at Sun)
Sun Microsystems, Inc.

@_date: 1996-01-07 08:05:45
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Jan 13 Mountain View CA meeting 
Hi all, happy new year. The Jan 13 Mountain View, California meeting will be held again
at Sun Microsystems, at Sparcy's cafeteria.   That's building 21, in the set of Sun buildings near Shoreline Park in Mountain View. Take 101 to Amphitheater Parkway exit, turn left onto Charleston at the light (this street is also named Garcia at its far end)
and follow the purple Sun signs for building 21.   You'll drive
down Charleston (Garcia) for about 1/3 mile and then turn right
onto a road that in about 3 blocks takes you to B21. Please send mail if you have a topic you would like to speak about,
and I'll send out a speaking agenda towards the end of the week. mrm p.s. I'll bring bagels again but since I never got reimbursed last time around I think I will put out the donation jar this
time ...!

@_date: 1996-01-08 04:26:53
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Jan 13 CA bay area meeting - time 
Sorry!   I forgot to mention that the meeting is held
from 12 noon to 6 p.m.
  	  Location:  Building 21, Sparcy's cafeteria, Sun Microsystems
If anyone driving down from SF or Berkeley can pick up Ian at the SF airport
that would be way groovy.

@_date: 1996-01-13 12:06:10
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Reminder, Jan 13 noon-6 p.m. Bay Area CA mtg 
Name:  monthly Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting
        Date:  Saturday January 13
        Time:  12 p.m. - 6 p.m.         Spot:  Sparcy's, Building 21, Sun Microsystems
        Food:  Bagels provided; feel free to bring lunch to munch The agenda is still forming.  So far, there are two speakers lined up to
talk about Mark Twain ECash.   (Lucky Green and Sameer.)
It might be interesting to have general discussions of ...
See you tomorrow,
directions to Sun's B21:  Take 101 South to Amphitheater Exit.  Go to the
end of the ramp and turn left on Charleston.  This road is also known as
Garcia.  After about 1/3 mile, turn right onto the first city street on
your right.  In about 2 long blocks or so, you'll see purple signs for
Building 21 of Sun Microsystems.  The meeting is held in the cafeteria.

@_date: 1996-01-15 09:51:23
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: java security job 
Sorry for posting this here if you consider it an abuse of the
mailing list ... we have a dickens of a time finding people
with the right skill set who are both interested and available
for internet security work.    And by the way, the applet security story is documented somewhat
on Java, Sun's programming environment for internet applications, is
building a great team.  This is a key project for Sun, with high
visibility both within the company and the industry.  This position is
located in the San Francisco Bay area in California.  (Currently we're
located in Palo Alto, but since we're growing, we'll have to move to a
new building sometime this year.  It'll be in the south bay
Security Engineering Specialist
Candidate will be responsible for implementing secure protocols and
internet commerce in the Java language and the HotJava browser.
Knowledge of current and emerging Net commerce protocols, including
SSL, SHTTP, and the various forms of digitcal cash is required.
Candidates should be familiar with programming in an object-oriented
language.  Good verbal and written communication skills are necessary.
A BSCS required,; MSSCS highly desirable.  At least 5 years of
experience. You must be a US Citizen. Contact: Please include resumes in ASCII (preferred) or PostScript format.
(415) 786-7546
Attention: Gilda Montesino
Gilda Montesino
Sun Microsystems, Inc.
2550 Garcia Ave., M/S MPK 17-201
Mountain View, CA 94043-1100

@_date: 1996-01-21 04:55:08
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Jan 27 special Bay Area CA mtg 
Out-of-band cypherpunk meeting
Saturday Jan 27
12 noon - 3 p.m.
Sparcy's cafeteria, B21, Sun Microsystems, Mountain View, California
The reason to call a special half-meeting on January 27th is that a
producer/videographer for PBS would like to film a discussion among
cypherpunks about 1st amendment issues, for a PBS show named "Freedom
The show airs nationally on PBS.  In San Francisco, currently on KMPT
Thursdays at 5 p.m., and starting in March, on KQED.
The producer is Roger Masterton and he describes his goals like so:
(the parts in between [] are my paraphrasing of what he said, for
I talked with him on the phone.  He is affiliated with a group known
as the Freedom Forum in Arlington, VA, which is non-partisan and
I said, sure, I'd be glad to reserve the room and call for a meeting,
but that it would be up to the local Bay Area cypherpunk community as
to whether or not folks could make this meeting.
I also mentioned that a number of us have had mixed experiences with
the media, and that we're pretty cynical about being presented fairly.
I told him a several of us have endured the problem of spending all
day in some video shoot, only to have 10 seconds of out-of-context
inflammatory sound byte show up on the eventual program.
If you want to, it would help me to know if you think you can make the
meeting on Jan 27th, so we have some idea how long to wait for people
to show up before starting the "official" agenda.
p.s. directions to B21 of Sun: Take 101 south to Amphitheater Parkway.  Turn left at the light at the
bottom of the exit ramp onto Charleston.  (This street is also known
as Garcia.)  After about 1/3 mile, turn right onto the first real side
street.  In about 2 long city blocks, you'll see big purple and white
signs for B21 of Sun.  The meeting is held in the cafeteria.  This
time I'll bring blank foils and pens.  :-)

@_date: 1996-01-27 17:24:16
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Reminder: Jan 28 Bay Area CA meeting, noon - 3 p.m. 
Bay Area California Cypherpunks Meeting
January 28
12 noon - 3 p.m.
B21, Sparcy's Cafeteria, Sun Microsystems Inc
Directions: Take the Rengstorff Ave East exit from 101.   If you're driving north
on 101, this exit is labeled "Amphitheater Parkway".     If you're driving
south on 101, this exit is labeled "Rengstorff".   At the end of the exit
ramp, turn left onto Garcia.   After .4 mile, turn right onto Marine Way.
After .1 mile, turn right onto Coast.   Building 21 is right there.  Look for the big purple and white sign. Roger Masterton, a producer/videographer, would like to film a
discussion among cypherpunks about 1st amendment issues, for a PBS
show named "Freedom Speaks."
The show airs nationally on PBS.  In San Francisco, currently on KMPT
Thursdays at 5 p.m., and starting in March, on KQED.
Their web site is  There's a lot of 1st amendment issues to talk about these days
regarding the internet, and so the first part of the meeting will
be gathering topics.   There's the first amendment principles
of publishing information in digital form, and the fundamental right
of people to carry on a private conversation.   The discussion will
take whatever organic form it takes, depending on who of us can
make the meeting ...
See you tomorrow if you're coming.  I'll bring bagels again.

@_date: 1996-01-27 17:31:11
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: ahem, make that Saturday Jan 27 
Turns out the darn calendar on my computer goes ahead increments
the date field sometime right round midnight.    This is what I get
for inferring today's date by glancing at the calendar manager, and
"adding 1" for tomorrow.   The cypherpunks meeting is on Saturday Jan 27. Sorry about that.

@_date: 1996-01-15 12:04:49
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: They Thought They Were Free 
As long as we're on the subject of recommending books ...
a great one is Milton Mayer's "They Thought They Were Free", interviews with ten Germans post-war.     The title pretty
much sums it up.   Mayer was an excellent writer and journalist.
The book is hard to find.   title: "they thought they were free: the germans, 1933-45"
author:  milton mayer
University of Chicago Press, 1955
ISBN 0-226-51190-1 (cloth)
ISBN 0-226-51192-8 (paper) Library of Congress Catalog Card Number 55-5137
One quote at the beginning of the book:   The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself
     "God, I thank Thee, that I am not as other men are." Here's hoping cypherpunks don't start echoing that sentiment ...

@_date: 1996-02-26 05:35:37
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: DNS-related problem, and, motherhood 'n apple pie, etc 
I hope people evaluate Java (and all software) based on technical issues, and not based on whether or not you think I'm clueless, brain damanged or a liar. We take the DNS-related problem very seriously; we do understand how DNS
works (I did say "apologies for the oversimplifiation"); we never have put
our heads in the sand.  I do think it's a bit unfair to the Java team to
say we put our heads in the sand, since we are deliberately trying to be
as open and honest and forthcoming as we can.  I mean, we are publishing
full source code, which I'm not sure is the case for lots of software that
people place a lot of trust in, implicitly or explicitly. As I've said every time I've said anything, every time security awareness
on the net is raised, I think it's good for the net.  I personally don't
regard the internet as secure, and any information I care about I have
encrypted on disk.  Any information I really, really care about I don't
even have on the internet.  I do regular backups.  I'm not saying this is
what everyone has to do.  But it's not that hard or time-consuming, and it
wouldn't hurt.  But people who are in charge of corporate security for
their company, or people who have very sensitive or very valuable
information on their disks, should consider the many ways that the internt
is insecure, not just how some applet could be exploited. Having said that, does that imply that I think it's OK for a Java
application to have security holes?  Of course not!  I hope we can use
Java-the-language to build more secure systems than we've gotten used to
surviving in the past.  Does that mean I'm downplaying the importance or
seriousness of any applet-related hole?  Of course not!  I think it's
possible simultaneously to understand the seriousness of a security hole,
AND still to say it's a good idea for people to practice safe internet. Marianne Mueller
I work for Sun, on the Java team.

@_date: 1996-03-30 03:18:30
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: WSJ on Big Java Flaw 
We are doing several things: 1) continuing a "scrubbing" of the code, to look for holes so we
can fix them
2) listening (really) to all comments about the applet security model
and mechanisms - some people fault the model, others fault
the mechanisms, and I'm interested in all critical feedback and
find it helpful
3) continuing to be committed to source code releases to continue vetting
by internet community
4) working with others in the networking security community to design ways to expand the functionality allowed to applets in a secure way
5) working on mechanisms to support signed classes, so that people
will be able to authenticate downloaded code.  Granted
just because code is authenticated, that doesn't necessarily mean it's trusted
As technical info on those things is written down, we'll put it
on our web site for review and criticism - JavaSoft, Sun Microsystems

@_date: 1996-04-28 14:47:04
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: The Joy of Java 
You can do that safely without making it dangerous for your machine. I
  know how I would build a restricted execution environment for such
  markets. However, Java is 1) too slow, since if you are selling rendering
  cycles or such you don't want to be running an interpreter, 2)
  insufficently safe, and 3) paradoxically, insufficiently powerful for the
  sort of code you would want to run in such an environment. What solution is fast enough and safe enough and powerful enough?  Does
such a solution exist?  I say, No, it doesn't.  So let's quit pretending
that the Holy Grail exists, and get back to engineering. But let's not have a food fight.  Although entertaining in the short term,
food fights are actually deathly boring and incredibly unfruitful in the
long term.  I'm interested in helping people do interesting things in a
reasonably secure way, on the internet, using Java.  We're working on a
response to the Felten el al. paper, which will be posted to the net
shortly.  I think some of their points are perfectly valid, some of their
points are irrelevant, and a lot of the presentation is melodramatic. Melodrama is good for sound bites, I guess. working on Java security stuff at Sun

@_date: 1996-04-28 12:32:17
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: The Joy of Java 
Why is everybody so into declaring who the winner is and who the loser is,
instead of just implementing some useful program on the internet using
"your favorite langues?" Maybe it's a gender thang.   You boys are into talk, huh.   :-)

@_date: 1996-04-28 12:39:29
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: Mindshare and Java 
One thing I don't understand, why do you trust signed code? So you know the code is signed by Jack the Ripper.  so what?  How do decide what you want the code to be allowed to do?   I think there's nothing for it but a kind of limited capabilities model built on top
of the authentication mechanism.

@_date: 1996-04-28 15:06:32
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: The Joy of Java 
I guess you're opting for food fight? I'll let people who know me judge if they think I'm mouthing party line
or what not ..
:-)

@_date: 1996-04-29 15:24:11
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: learning Java 
I think that learning Java and having fun using Java (it is possible ...
and I speak as someone who doesn't think that programming is necessarily
fun in its own right) is orthogonal to the issue of learning and applying
the applet security model.  In other words, learning Java today won't be a
waste of effort when more sophisticated security schemes come online. I like Laura Lemay's book "Teach yourself Java in 21 days" and the
O'Reilly book "Java in a Nutshell."  We also have a tutorial online at
 and all kinds of programmer's documentation
at The applet security model is described on  [Yes
we know that more and better documentation is needed!] Anyone who wishes,
can get a full source release by faxing us a license agreement.  Source
isn't a substitute for documentation, but some people actually prefer
source to English.  See  for details on
how to get the full source release. As other people have pointed out, applet security != internet security. Java is a programming language, and standalone Java apps can and do
implement their own security policies.  I apologize in advance to Perry and others who will tell me that this
posting of mine isn't relevant to cypherpunks.   I won't do it again.  JavaSoft, Sun Microsystems Inc

@_date: 1996-05-04 17:51:16
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: Calling other code in Java applications and applets 
I don't have any hints, but I think people need to be aware up front
that calling native code from a Java applet disables
any security that might otherwise be enforced for the applet.  It's OK to do this, as long as you understand up front how things work. One of the restrictions on applets is that they can't load DLLs or .so's. People get around that restriction by choosing to install a DLL on the
local machine in such a way that the applet can invoke methods defined in
that DLL (or .so) By choosing to do that, they're deliberately saying
"it's OK, I understand this native method might do anything at all on the
machine and it's OK by me"

@_date: 1996-05-05 07:24:48
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: Calling other code in Java applications and applets 
No that wasn't  my point (that the native code is less
trustworthy than the Java runtime.)    My point was just
that any security measures that restrict applets do not restrict
anything that an applet causes to happen via a native method. For example one security restriction is that applets aren't allowed
to read files.   If an applet calls a native method then that native
method can read any files it wants.    I'm talking about the model,
not about the quality of implementation.     I'm not saying it's a bad or untrustworthy thing to do (call native methods), I just
thought it was worthwhile to point out that once you call a DLL from an applet, you have effectively chosen to disable the application
level SecurityManager.  It's your call as to whether this is a problem
or not.

@_date: 1996-05-05 07:07:28
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: Calling other code in Java applications and applets 
yes, that's exactly the case.  I wouldn't call it the virtual machine
security, though, but the application security, since the applet
restrictions are enforced at the application level by the SecurityManager.
(the browser is the application in this case) Whether or not this is a problem depends on the quality of implementation
of the DLL, and whether or not you care about this level of insecurity,
given that the browser and other software runing on the machine
may or may not be secure.   People routinely "click here" to download
and install some plug-in, so probably those folks are willing to place
their bets and take their chances.  Note that in all this I'm not claiming that the Java setup as
currently implemented is without bugs.  I'm just talking about the model. As far as the Java applet sandbox goes, I think we can do a better job of
specifying a minimal TCB and enforcing the applet restrictions at the
application level.   There are people who think that the sandbox model
itself is not do-able.  I think reasonable people can disagree on that
point.   If there's a market for security, then vendors will respond to that. I think it's interesting that the internet might provide that
market demand.    Other people on this list who have worked on secure products can probably testify as to whether or not customers
were willing to wait longer and pay more for higher quality, more
secure software, or if they're more interested in buying something today
that provides some needed feature.    I'm not saying this is good
or bad - I'm just observing that market forces are real.    Another
way of saying this is, perhaps software that previously was only
deployed in special-purpose applications will move into consumer
mainstream.

@_date: 1996-05-24 13:54:33
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Re: VIRUS ALERT: Java virus that affects Netscape 2.0 & 2.01. 
We've reached urban legend time for Java...?   There is no Java virus known as "Black Widow".  There was a melodramatic
web article about Java security that used the title "Black Widow", a pun
on the web.  The article focused mostly on the danger of denial-of-service
applets that consume resources on the client.  While rude, annoying, and
potentially the cause of losing unsaved edits in a word processor, (if you
were flumoxed and panic'd and instead of killing your browser, you
rebooted your computer and lost any pending edits) denial-of-service
applets are *not* viruses.  And they are not stalking the web.  Really. I work on Java security at JavaSoft which is part of Sun, and try to keep
our web page up to date.  See  for info. In the "for what it's worth dept", the security breaches that have gotten
so much press are fixed in JDK 1.0.2, our current release, and in NN3.0b4. This includes the bug mentioned in the May 18 NY Times story.

@_date: 1996-09-22 03:27:37
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: job testing SSL 
We're looking for someone who can test an SSL implementation in Java. If you're interested send a resume or a URL either to me or to the
group.   My email is mrm the group gets resumes at
jeeves-jobs      If you're interested in the context,
see      If you're Perry and you
want to flame me send email to mrm :-)
