
@_date: 1993-05-19 14:43:05
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Consider "Working Assets" phone service instead of AT&T 
Another option to AT&T long distance service is something called
Working Assets.
Quoting from their bill,
"Every time you call long distance with Working Assets, a percentage
of your charge goes to nonprofit action groups that are working for a
better world.  These donations are made by Working Assets at no extra
cost to you.
For a list of groups Working Assets has funded in the past, send a
self-addressed stamped envelope to
        701 Montgomery Street         San Francisco, CA 94111
You automatically get a discount of up to 15% on interstate calls,
depending on your monthly calling volume.  And you automatically get a
20% Friendship Discount (indicated by and "F" on the bill) when you
call another member of the Working Assets Long Distance network.
Working Assets is the only phone company to sign the Valdez
Principles, committing ourselves to environmental responsibility."
(The bills are on 100% postconsumer recycled paper, unbleached, and
they plant 17 trees for every ton of paper they use.)
You can contact Working Assets by calling 1-800-788-8588 (let's face
it, a phone company is going to know your number) or write them at the
above address.
If you tell them I recommended you, I get $10 off my bill, but you
don't have to do that.  I'm recommending them because I think they are
a great option to AT&T, not because I want $10 off my bill!
I chose Amnesty International as the nonprofit that gets donations
when I make long distance calls.  I think Working Assets has dozens of
nonprofits you can choose from.  And hey, celebrity endorsement: Ralph
Nader goes around urging everyone to sign up with Working Assets.

@_date: 1993-06-16 14:28:52
@_author: Marianne Mueller 
@_subject: Draft Solaris Teleservices API doc, anon ftp 
FYI Newsgroups: comp.dcom.isdn,sun.tstech,sun.audio,sun.sw.arch,sun.telco
A PostScript version of the Solaris Teleservices 1.0 API Programming Guide
is available for anonymous ftp from sunsite.unc.edu in the directory
If you have any comments or suggestions, please send email
to xtel-api-comments
Marketing inquiries should be directed to bob.mckee
The IAFA info follows:
Document-Name:          API_xtel
Title:                  Solaris Teleservices 1.0 API Programming Guide
Authors:                Jonathan Chang  UMTV18-217,
                        Sun Microsystems, Inc., 2550 Garcia Ave.
                        Mountain View, CA 94043-1100
Revision-Date:          June 7, 1993
Category:               Programming Guide
Abstract:               This manual is for C++ programmers who are
                        developing Solaris Teleservices (XTEL)
                        applications. A good understanding of the
                        UNIX(tm) operating system and the C++
                        programming language are required.  Example
                        programs are provided that illustrate the concepts
                        in the text.
                        The manual explains how to use XTEL to write
                        applications that:
                        o Place or answer multiple calls
                        o Hold, drop, conference and transfer calls
                        o Provide access to data channels
                        o Enable security and sharing of calls between
                          processes.
Format:                 PostScript
Citation:               Solaris Teleservices 1.0 API Programming Guide,
                        Draft June 7 1993, SunSoft, Inc.
Publication-Status:     draft
Keywords:               Teleservices, Telephony, ISDN, POTS, voice, API, C++
Size:                   90 pages
