
@_date: 1994-07-03 10:12:20
@_author: Martin Spellman 
@_subject: Mysterious Deaths was: J.Bidzos life threatened 
(One UK govt official was found dead in  For those who want to follow this up a bit more there was a book published in 1990:
'Open Verdict - An Account of 25 mysterious deaths in the defence industry'by Tony Collins  ISBN 07474 0146 2
Publisher Sphere Books
Well worth reading if you can get hold of it.
Collins picked up this story when he was a journo with 'Computer News' in England. He later became Executive Editor of Computer Weekly.
It all happened in the mid 80s and most of those involved were computer programmers. 28 cases are dealt with in the book and there may have been more (or less) as much of the evidence is circumstantial and all may not have been connected.
Collins reckons it has more to do with Electronic Warfare(EW) or C3i than digital exchange surveillance. Although System X was apparently a key component of IUKADGE (Improved UK Air Defence Ground Environment) an early warning system. The backbone for this was UNITER - a comms system to link over 100 USAF and RAF bases around the world.
Many of the people worked for GEC Marconi and GEC Plessey (the main System X contractor).
Jonathan Wash, fell from a hotel balcony in Abidjan, capital of the Ivory Coast, West Africa, on 19 November 1985, shortly after expressing a fear for his life. He was working for Telconsult, a subsidiary of BT (the telecoms transnational which is also a major defence contractor). He was helping the government there assess bids for a digital exchange contract.
Some of the others that died worked for GCHQ, the junior partner of the NSA.Some of the deaths were very odd, to say the least! and some were not fully investigated as murder was not suspected. It is an inviting field for conspiracy theorists.
Hilda Murrell, whose death may be linked to our nuclear power industry was also killed around this time (24 March 1984).
System X was delayed for a long time and one rumour was that they had designed the basic exchange OK - the problems lay with doing all the 'other bits' that went into it.

@_date: 1994-07-03 10:04:16
@_author: Martin Spellman 
@_subject: Van Eck Detection 
In Britain we have 'TV detector Vans'. These are to detect licence evaders (you need to pay an annual licence for the BBC channels). They are provided by the Department of Trade and Industry. They use something like a small minibus and use Van Eck principles. They have two steerable detectors on the van roof so they can triangulate. But TV shops have to notify the Government of buyers - so that is the basic way in which licence evaders are detected.
I read of a case on a bulletin board where someone did not have a TV but used a PC. He got a knock on the door. They said he appeared to have a TV but they could not make out what channel he was watching!
Martin Spellman

@_date: 1994-07-19 10:41:46
@_author: Martin Spellman 
@_subject: Detweiler: other lives 
Robert Hettinga  (rah asked:
It may (or may not) be of interest but Larry Detweiler is keeper of the Internet Writer Resource Guide - the FAQ on writing groups.
There was also a minor character called Lord Detweiler in a Jack Vance story.alt.netloons.pita anyone?
Martin Spellman
