
@_date: 1996-09-11 04:09:42
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: FW: RRE: Lexis-Nexis personal information database 
Okay, here's the story.  The below is true, except they do NOT have your
mother's maiden name.  The have your name, SSN, current addy, two previous
addys, and date of birth.  They also have aliases, if available.  Their main
customers are attorneys who use this _online_ service to search for people. They've been in business for 20 years, but this list has only been run for a few months.  Their customer base (I assume including all databases, which
includes lists of ALL legal actions (traffic tickets??)) is 750,000.  Hm.  Oh,
and the SSN isn't given out, but it can be used to search for someone more
easily.  So, when you do a query, all you'll get is Name, address, phone
number, and date of birth, as well as two previous addresses, for what it's
worth.  The only thing you get that you wouldn't find out by looking in the
White Pages is the DOB, and that you could make up.  Another case of
mass-hysteria (but, of course, *I'm* no longer on the list... ;-)
BTW, they're very nice as you get taken off the computer.  LONG time on hold,
government-generated sources? The SSN is automatically originally
government-derived, of course...
[Excerpt from Privacy Forum 5.17.]
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
PRIVACY Forum Digest      Tuesday, 3 September 1996      Volume 05 : Issue 17

@_date: 1996-09-20 01:29:59
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: Stego inside encryption 
I know a lot of times the idea behind steganography is to hide the fact that a
secret message is in a seemingly normal file/mail/whatever.  This is good
for avoiding unwanted interest in your file.  The benefit of not having people
attempt to crack you code, added to the strength of the cryptosystem is
wonderful.  However, I propose this--
Don't hide that anything's encrypted!  Rather than hide this fact, throw it
in their face!  I propose hiding an encrypted message inside another encrypted message.  Set bits in specific places to data in the real message.
The benefit is Oscar not only doesn't know what the crypto is, he attacks
the wrong message.  Hiding statistically random bits from the true message
in statistically random bits from the masking message shouldn't be too Granted, this scheme doesn't get you past measures designed to keep out all
encrypted messages, and it surely wouldn't keep you message from generating
interest, but it would be very hard to decrypt the message, especially when some algorithm is used which (seemingly) randomly selects which bits to use for the stego.
Just a thought...  My apologies if someone has already proposed this method.

@_date: 1996-09-20 02:32:59
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: re: Stego inside encryption 
To take this one step further, has anyone tried to ever use this method as
an encryption method?  You could hide data in a stream of random bits, using
position as the encryption method.  Obviously, the data would not be stored
in packets; rather as single bits strewn throughout the stream.  Even ASCII
characters could be hidden in such a system very well, as the possibility of
choosing the correct 8 bits (extended char set) from the data stream when
any combination has equal potential of being the correct sequence would be
extremely difficult.  Error checking/correcting code could even be used.
Using this system, the placement algorithm would be the focus of attack.  If
an algorithm which has a sufficiently random placement was used, extracting
the correct bits would be difficult.  Another way to increase the security
would be to hide the correct message inside a bitstream created by using
the same method on other similar messages.  (Hiding a real message inside
bogus messages.  Hmm...  Which one's real?)
I know a lot of times the idea behind steganography is to hide the fact that a
secret message is in a seemingly normal file/mail/whatever.  This is good
for avoiding unwanted interest in your file.  The benefit of not having people
attempt to crack you code, added to the strength of the cryptosystem is
wonderful.  However, I propose this--
Don't hide that anything's encrypted!  Rather than hide this fact, throw it
in their face!  I propose hiding an encrypted message inside another encrypted message.  Set bits in specific places to data in the real message.
The benefit is Oscar not only doesn't know what the crypto is, he attacks
the wrong message.  Hiding statistically random bits from the true message
in statistically random bits from the masking message shouldn't be too Granted, this scheme doesn't get you past measures designed to keep out all
encrypted messages, and it surely wouldn't keep you message from generating
interest, but it would be very hard to decrypt the message, especially when some algorithm is used which (seemingly) randomly selects which bits to use for the stego.
Just a thought...  My apologies if someone has already proposed this method.

@_date: 1996-09-20 06:49:14
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: Stego inside encryption 
My apologies if this shows up twice.  I got an error message from my
first posting.
I know a lot of times the idea behind steganography is to hide the fact that a
secret message is in a seemingly normal file/mail/whatever.  This is good
for avoiding unwanted interest in your file.  The benefit of not having people
attempt to crack you code, added to the strength of the cryptosystem is
wonderful.  However, I propose this--
Don't hide that anything's encrypted!  Rather than hide this fact, throw it
in their face!  I propose hiding an encrypted message inside another encrypted message.  Set bits in specific places to data in the real message.
The benefit is Oscar not only doesn't know what the crypto is, he attacks
the wrong message.  Hiding statistically random bits from the true message
in statistically random bits from the masking message shouldn't be too Granted, this scheme doesn't get you past measures designed to keep out all
encrypted messages, and it surely wouldn't keep you message from generating
interest, but it would be very hard to decrypt the message, especially when some algorithm is used which (seemingly) randomly selects which bits to use for the stego.
Just a thought...  My apologies if someone has already proposed this method.

@_date: 1996-09-25 03:08:21
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: List participation (noise) 
I don't know why you guys rank on Tim May so much.  Sure, he goes off topic
sometimes.  Hell, THIS MESSAGE IS OFF TOPIC AS IS THE MESSAGE I'M REPLYING TO!
Get the point?  Today, I had to delete more than 15 messages related to telling everyone how much of an asshole Tim is because he speaks off topic.
Hello?  Aren't these blatent (and I feel totally unwarranted) flames off topic?  I think everyone should take a step back and look what's happening
here.  Everyone is so eager to point fingers, and they don't look at the
fact that when you first get to your mail in the morning, there are over
100, even over 150 messages waiting for you!  Of course, after deleting all
of the noise (Thank God that damned TWA thread finally died!), you have
maybe 50 messages you have to skim through, of which maybe 10 or 20 survive
and go to the archive list of useful information.
Maybe I should just stay out of it, but I feel these constant flamings of
Tim are horribly wrong, and I've been ignoring the fact that I have to delete 20 messages about him every day for the past week.  I actually find
a lot of his postings interesting.  Yes, half of his postings get the insta-delete-never-even-considered-for-reading treatment, but I just read an insightful message about "provably hard cryptosystems."  Cryptosystems-  Hm.  Imagine that.  Cryptosystems mentioned on a list
call "Cypherpunks."  ... And I thought it was the "Fuck the CIA, let's
spread rumors about the US military shooting down commercial airliners
out of New York, spam the spammers, kiddie-porn-on-the-net" discussion
And now the disclaimer...
Even with all of the noise, there is a lot of good information on this
list, but my delete key is wearing out!  :-)
And please, if you don't have anything important to say, don't say anything.
Posting noise does nothing but generate more noise (Hm... I wonder how
much I've just generated! :-)
As for me, I stopped having time to read cypherpunks a year and a half ago.
Tim had nothing to do with it.  The cypherpunks list has changed and I have
changed; so be it.
------------------ RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;24 Sep 1996 06:38:22 -0400
Received: from toad.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Tue, 24 Sep 1996 10:35:50 GMT
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id KAA22337 for
cypherpunks-outgoing; Mon, 23 Sep 1996 10:23:04 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from flamingo.sac.net (flamingo.sac.net [207.33.88.33]) by toad.com
(8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id KAA22323 for ; Mon, 23 Sep
1996 10:22:55 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from mango.sac.net (mango.sac.net [207.33.88.36]) by
flamingo.sac.net (8.6.12/8.6.12) with SMTP id KAA10771 for
; Mon, 23 Sep 1996 10:21:54 -0700
X-Sender: eric
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Pro Version 2.2 (32)
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1996-09-27 01:35:58
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: How to break Netscape's server key encryption - Followup 
Could someone please repost the code referred to in this posting?
I seem to have missed it, and I'm curious to see how it works.
There has been a successful hostile attack on a Netscape server key using the
code I posted yesterday.  I was contacted earlier today by someone who told me
he had in the past obtained Netscape server keys and PGP private keys from
Windows NT machines running Microsofts insecure FTP server which allows access
to the entire drive (he found some of the PGP keys using archie searches -
ouch!).  He lives somewhere with nasty anti-hacking laws and definitely
want his identity known, but after some pleading said I could reveal the
  - He used the cracklib dictionary to get the password
  - The password was found "very quickly"
  - The password was a female name
  - He deleted the server key after he'd found the password
  - He did it merely out of idle curiosity and has no intention of misusing
    information.
  - He definitely doesn't want to be contacted
------------------ RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;26 Sep 1996 09:47:35 -0400
Received: from toad.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Thu, 26 Sep 1996 13:44:58 GMT
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id CAA12813 for
cypherpunks-outgoing; Thu, 26 Sep 1996 02:53:13 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from cs20.cs.auckland.ac.nz (root
[130.216.34.10]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id CAA12807 for
; Thu, 26 Sep 1996 02:53:09 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from cs26.cs.auckland.ac.nz by cs20.cs.auckland.ac.nz (8.7/4.7)
Received: by cs26.cs.auckland.ac.nz (relaymail v0.9)
X-Charge-To: pgut001
X-Authenticated: relaymail v0.9 on cs26.cs.auckland.ac.nz
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1996-10-02 00:52:03
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Unsubscribing Cypherpunks 
This message should be mailed to majordomo
unsubcribe cypherpunks
------------------ RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;1 Oct 1996 04:26:51 -0400
Received: from toad.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Tue, 1 Oct 1996 8:24:04 GMT
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id WAA05035 for
cypherpunks-outgoing; Mon, 30 Sep 1996 22:00:27 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from genesis.bssc.edu.au (genesis.bssc.edu.au [203.16.225.2]) by
toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id WAA05020 for ; Mon,
30 Sep 1996 22:00:06 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from 7545HMW60219 [172.24.2.175]
X-Sender: westo
X-Mailer: Windows Eudora Light Version 1.5.4 (32)
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1996-10-04 03:55:57
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: The Right to Keep and Bear Crypto 
[Assumptions: Crypto is arms.  We have the right to bear arms.  Therefore: We have the right to bear crypto.]
Following along with the news stories, it would seem the USG doesn't disagree
with this logic.  What they are attempting to do is limit world distribution,
*not* internal distribution.  Even with the new key recovery idea, crypto
which remains in the US will continue to be unregulated.    Another fear is that the administration is using export    limits to control domestic use of encryption. While Gore    directly stated yesterday that domestic use of encryption    will remain unregulated, the double standard for domestic    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
   and international products might discourage U.S.    companies from developing two different versions, leaving    U.S. and Canadian customers with the same products that    the federal government has deemed safe to ship overseas.                        [_GAK_Rat_Pack_, John Young, 3 Oct 96]
This may (will?) limit the products which are produced by large corporations,
as their need for a single, globally distributable product is respected.
However, smaller companies who have neither the desire nor finances to
distribute their product on a global scale will be unaffected.  Shareware/
freeware products will also be unaffected (unless someone from another
country pulls it off a website, or similar means).
However, all of this is irrelevant, because I must say, Tim May has the
proper idea -- We may have the right to bear crypto, but the government
has the right to limit the types/amounts of crypto we bear.
** Success in this matter is classifying crypto as speech **
I read somewhere (probably here) about a case which was (was destined??) to
be a precedent for crypto as speech.  All I can remember was something about
the code being classified as speech, or something like that.  Sorry I can't
quite remember what it was.  Anyone have any suggestions/references?

@_date: 1996-10-09 07:34:34
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Recent Web site cracks 
Which firewalls did they use, what are the holes, and how can you plug and/or
exploit them?
They used firewalls that are known to be easily crackable.
          ^^^^^^^^^^                     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013, 14.4Kbps
------------------ RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;9 Oct 1996 03:20:19 -0400
Received: from toad.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Wed, 9 Oct 1996 7:17:16 GMT
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id QAA26393 for
cypherpunks-outgoing; Tue, 8 Oct 1996 16:51:04 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from uu.psi.com (uu.psi.com [136.161.128.3]) by toad.com
(8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id QAA26380 for ; Tue, 8 Oct
1996 16:50:40 -0700 (PDT)
Received: by uu.psi.com (5.65b/4.0.061193-PSI/PSINet) via UUCP;
        id AA00949 for ; Tue, 8 Oct 96 19:43:02 -0400
Received: by bwalk.dm.com (1.65/waf)
Comments: Dole/Kemp '96!
Organization: Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1996-10-28 07:00:34
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: COOL_TRAVELS: UNSUBSCRIBE US 
This message was received by cypherpunks at toad.com.  This is a mailing list.
If you look at the To: line in its header, you will see "Cypherpunks Suck". If this isn't a clear sign of a forgery, I don't know what is.  Please remove
this account, cypherpunks from your distribution.  Thank you for your
time and prompt response to this matter.
Thank you,
Patrick Mullen
and other members at
Sat, 26 Oct 1996 02:03:21
Your subscription to  Continental Online (COOL) Travel  Specials has been
confirmed. Please  keep this E-mail  as it contains  important infomation
about the list you've joined.
There are two distinct e-mail addresses that you should be aware of.
1.  listserv  address:  LISTSERV 2.  mailing  list
address: COOL_TRAVELS
The first address:
This  is  a  non-human,  administrative,  automatic-reply  address.  This
address works  similar to a telephone  voice response system. You  dial a
specific  number to  connect  to  the voice  response  system, enter  the
command/option to  complete a specific  task. There  is not an  option to
chat with  the voice response  system. Similarly, the address  above does
not recognize anything but pre-defined commands.
When you send E-mail to LISTSERV with a command in
the message body, LISTSERV will reply to you with a
pre-defined response  to your command.  Commands are not  case sensitive,
and the "subject:" field does not matter.
Here are some useful commands.
subscribe cool_travels  firstname lastname  (To subscribe to  the mailing
list   cool_travels  or   overwrite  your   existing  account   with  new
unsubscribe cool_travels (To unsubscribe the cool_travels list)
For security reasons, when you  unsubscribe/signoff the list will ask you
for a confirmation. When you  receive the confirmation, use your mailer's
"reply" feature and type OK, and nothing else, in the reply message. This
is meant to verify  that you really do want to be  removed from the list.
LISTSERV will  notify you  once the operation  is successful.  Please *DO
NOT* include the original confirmation message in your OK reply.
Again, send commands only to LISTSERV
The second important address is:
This is  the mailing list  that will  bring you discounts  and promotions
from Continental Airlines. This is a one-way, announce-only mailing list.
It does  not accept mail postings  from the subscribers. Please  do *NOT*
reply to the messages sent to you from this mailing list. If you need any
assistance, please send an E-mail to:
with COOL_TRAVELS  in the "subject:"  field. We  will be happy  to assist
------------------ RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;26 Oct 1996 05:47:08 -0400
Received: from toad.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Sat, 26 Oct 1996 9:43:28 GMT
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id AAA19773 for
cypherpunks-outgoing; Sat, 26 Oct 1996 00:03:37 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from plwils00.xweb.eds.com (plwils00.xweb.eds.com [205.240.248.140])
by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id AAA19763 for ;
Sat, 26 Oct 1996 00:03:32 -0700 (PDT)
Received: from plwils00 by plwils00.xweb.eds.com via SMTP
Reply-To: COOL_TRAVELS-request
X-LSV-ListID: COOL_TRAVELS
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1996-11-13 07:33:36
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
Sounds like another attempt to raise the cost of using the Net, nothing more. Sure, paying postage (Is $1 really necessary?  Why email when snailmail's cheaper??) may reduce general spamming done by local punks, but it does
nothing against corporations which already spend millions on snailmail spamming. Also, what happens when your long-lost friend comes across your addy and tries to email you?  Surely you don't want to charge postage for an otherwise free service to him/er.  Maintaining a list of "accepted sources" would be a hassle
not many people would accept.
Slight variation is to generate a list of "toll these entities."  A smaller
list (hopefully :-), and generally easier because then it defaults to no-bill.  Or,
to accomodate superstars/actors/etc, generate files like rhosts.accept rhosts.deny in UNIX.  That way, the user may use either/both types of
filtering.  Again, the average user wouldn't want to deal with this hassle, everyone's
mail software would have to be rewritten, and I basically oppose any ideas that cost me money for something I already get for free...  :-)
What do you do if you are operating a remailer and somebody complains
they are getting spammed?  That's easy, you keep a list of people that
you don't send mail to.  What's hard is if that person wants to receive
other anonymous mail.
The solution is easy: charge e-cash to send mail to certain addresses
and send the money to the owner of the account.  Never put an address
on a kill list, just raise the price of sending mail to it.  This
generates lots of positive publicity for your remailer.  People will
beg to be spammed!
And, since the remailer operator handles the financial parts of the
deal, the technically naive "victim" does not have to have specialized
knowledge or even an e-cash account.
This also eliminates the spam problem generally.  If you are plagued
by spam, create a list of names you will accept mail from.  When a
message comes in that is not on the list, return a message directing
them to send you the mail through a paying remailer.
This solves a problem for famous people, too.  They get lots of
mail but they don't have time to read it all.  How to sort it?  Raise
the price of sending a message.  (I heard that Arnold Schwarzeneggar
was once paid $1 million just to read a script and look at the set
of a movie with no obligation to act in it.)
Okay, now lets go to mailing lists.  We like to read anonymous mail
on this list, but we don't like getting spammed.  It's hard to filter
anonymous mail for obvious reasons.
The solution: don't accept anonymous mail.  Only people on the "approved"
list would be allowed to post.  People who wish to post anonymously
could then send mail through the paying remailer to people on the
"approved" list and request that their message be relayed.  Most people
on the list would be happy to accept a dollar or two to provide this
service.  This would eliminate inappropriate mail while allowing anybody
to post.
For that matter, postings to the list itself could be priced at, say,
a dollar to cut down on the noise levels.
Payments, and addresses which complicate payment, make it harder to
rely on the remailer network.  When you send a message through a
few remailers and make a faux pax on the last one, you won't know
what happened.  Did one of the remailers go down?  Did you make a
I think I know a solution to this one, too.  If somebody wants to
get error messages, they include a random 128 bit number with their
message.  This is a different number for each remailer in the chain.
When an error occurs, the remailer distributes an error message
with the number attached.
Error message distribution is pretty easy.  The remailer operator
could publish a web page with the errors.  Or, the messages could
be bundled and made available through anonymous ftp, or mailed to
an error message mailing list, or posted to a newsgroup.
Peter Hendrickson
------------------ RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;13 Nov 1996 04:10:17 -0400
Received: from toad.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Wed, 13 Nov 1996 9:06:01 GMT
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id RAA13602 for
cypherpunks-outgoing; Tue, 12 Nov 1996 17:07:45 -0800 (PST)
Received: from netcom19.netcom.com (root [192.100.81.132])
by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with SMTP id RAA13594 for ;
Tue, 12 Nov 1996 17:07:36 -0800 (PST)
Received: from [192.0.2.1] (ph [192.100.81.135]) by
netcom19.netcom.com (8.6.13/Netcom)
X-Sender: ph
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1996-11-14 06:07:29
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Down-Under Bounce Attack halted 
Please excuse me for my ignorance, but...
What is a "bounce attack"?  I only know of mail bouncing, and I don't see a way of making an "attack" out of such an occurrance...  ???
The postmaster of that AU site running the bounce attack
assures me he has been able to vanquish the daemon running
the box in question; despite the fact he did not even know it was
there ;-} [Don't ask..]

@_date: 1996-11-14 08:09:45
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
First of all, I would like to apologize if it looked like I accused Peter of
being involved with a conspiracy.  I have communicated with him privately concerning this matter, and am now making my public apology.  Thanks!
Concerning my other statements, I think I was a little confused on the implementation of this idea, but now that I've re-read the posts, I'm confused
in another way.  It seems this feature only applies to mail forwarded through
a remailer.  As mentioned on several posts, which may be the main idea, this
would reduce the amount of noise submitted to lists.  This would be a good thing, for sure.  Knowing that your useless messages are costing even $.25 would be enough to cut down drastically on spam.  However, I still don't see
how this is to be implemented for direct email.  How would this work for an
entity sending email directly to your account, rather than through a remailer?
The solutions that come to mind are 1) get new mail software which performs
this filtering/charging and 2) have an autoreply that sends mail not sent
through your "post office" back to the sender with a note saying to route
it through the "post office."  This "post office" would be much like with
snail mail.  All it does is collect and redistribute mail (for a small fee,
of course... :-)  This would be a good business proposition, indeed.  However,
I don't know how widely accepted it would be.  Comments?  Am I missing the point?  USER ERROR:  REPLACE AND STRIKE ANY KEY WHEN READY

@_date: 1996-11-14 12:12:38
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
So our ideas on implementation are similar, except you have made the distinction that anyone on the "free" list can have direct access.  Unfortunately, your idea pivots on the idea spam has exploded to unbearable
proportions.  My complaint on this isn't your idea, it's the projection
such an event may occur.  While I hope this plan won't ever be necessary,
at least not on such a global scale, the application of such techniques
toward a mailing list sounds decent.  I'm still thinking about how I would
go about charging WRT mailing lists;  anonymous postings are puzzling me
at the moment.  Which brings up another topic:  How would an anonymous
remailer operate?  It's hard to eliminate an audit trail when there is some
monetary tie back to you, whether it be credit card, ecash (assuming they
never quite figure out anonymizing it), ... PM

@_date: 1996-11-14 15:46:09
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
Peter Hendrickson switched the transistors to say:
Yeah, I knew I used a bad choice of words.  I meant global as in "all-
encompassing" rather than the geographical definition.
Oops.  I forgot.  :-)  I guess this idea would work.  But, there would be a
very large price for anonymity - two mailers holding their hands out for a piece of the pie.
Well, I must admit you seem to have this idea pretty well thought out, and it just may work.  The hardest part of the plan would probably be gaining
acceptance.  True, everyone loves getting a check, especially if all they
had to do was open and close email to have it register as being read, but
the hard part is getting people to accept having to pay to send someone a
message.  Of course, there's the argument that currently we pay for stamps...
------------------ RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;14 Nov 1996 17:46:22 -0400
Received: from netcom18.netcom.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Thu, 14 Nov 1996 22:42:05 GMT
Received: from [192.0.2.1] (ph [192.100.81.103]) by
netcom18.netcom.com (8.6.13/Netcom)
X-Sender: ph

@_date: 1996-11-15 13:57:36
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Remailer Pricing 
Peter Hendrickson's electrons stated
Small point, but noted.  I thought the word "read" was mentioned, but obviously it was "received"...
Perhaps we've been thinking about anonymous mail the wrong way.  Is it
like the U.S. Post Office where you have to physically go someplace,
buy a stamp, physically write your message, put it in a physical envelope,
carry it to a box someplace, and then wait (maybe four days) for it to
arrive, all for "only" 32 cents?  Or is it more like Federal Express
where you pay 20 bucks and it arrives the next day, for sure, every time?
Earlier today somebody sent a message about his scary former employers
and (apparently) how they just kill people.  Would that person pay, say,
$5 to have the message delivered reliably and very anonymously?  My
judgement is that it would be worth every penny, and probably more.
Very true.  This strengthens my point that the remailer operator would
want a piece of the pie, as well...
fTotalCostOfDelivery = fCostOfReceipt + nRemailersUsed * fRemailerCost
Obviously, nRemailersUsed is only necessary for anonymous chaining...
Don't get me wrong, there's nothing meant by this equation, no point trying to be made, nothing.  I'm just showing you the pricing strategy.
I strongly agree with you that paying for remailer use would greatly improve service, and would probably be a good thing.  In the case of
chaining, there would have to be a great deal of trust involved so none
of the remailers stole all the postage w/out forwarding the message.  (Just a thought, anyway)
Here's an idea I was tossing around sometime earlier--
One capitalist idea that would invalidate this theory.  A remailer would
make a lot of money if they made a deal with an advertiser, esp. an advertising agency (containing ads for many companies, if I chose the wrong words) if they eliminated incoming postage, and possibly paid outgoing postage or had the ad agency pay the postage (within limits, of course).
The remailer would then tag on advertisements to each mailing.  Direct
marketing (Note: This is what we're trying to avoid, but I see it happening)
The non-charging remailer would become wildly popular, as they don't charge postage, and they would be fast, because they would have corporate
sponsorship.  This idea is *far* from being farfetched; it exists now.
Every mail I receive at my free geocities account has an ad attached.

@_date: 1996-11-16 16:00:45
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Pricing 
Umm, okay, great. So we eliminate all the spam, all the harrassment,
all the frivolous anonymous mail, everyone who uses anon remailers as
a matter of course, and what do you get? One message slowly going
through the system, tracked every step of the way by . Message reordering doesn't help much with one message. The
remailer net *needs* traffic. Preventing spammers is one thing,
discouraging use of remailers in general is another.
I suggest that US$.15 to US$.05 per message would be quite reasonable
compensation. The price can't be high enough to make people think
about it, unless they're going to send lots of messages.
This pricing strategy would greatly serve the cause of traffic
analysis. There has to be enought delay to collect enought messages to
do some reordering. You could send out bogus messages, but iy wouldn't
be too too difficult to track them far enough to see that they don't
go anywhere interesting.
That's why you would PGP encrypt the cash. "Trust? What's that, I've
got (ta da) STRONG CRYPTO!"
If remailer prices were trivial, I don't think this would happen.
Besides, chaingin blows this away. The only time an ad gets delivered
to a person is when the advertising remailer delivers it to its final
destination. Interesting... those interested in not having to put lots of effort
into management operate internal-only remailers, those interested in
making a buck operate termious-only remailers...
Whee. Diversity. The species evolves.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-21 12:50:31
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Mass-market crypto phones 
The above mentioned crypto phone was incredibly expensive, if I remember
correctly.  What it basically was (Please keep in mind I may be thinking
of a different product) a box containing a modem and a crypto-crunching
CPU.  Phone in one end, processed by said CPU, and send out other end.  I
have/had a similar idea, but I want to try make it a totally software product (assuming you have the necessary hw requirements on your computer)
where you talk in through a microphone (can something be wired so you can
use a regular phone plugged into your computer/modem/soundcard???) your
CPU crunches code, and spits out the encrypted data.  Obviously, the
complementing steps would be done on the receiving end.  Has anyone ever tried anything like this?  Goals sound good.  I feel it *definately* has to be below $100.  Personally,
I use a phone bought at K-Mart that cost $12 _after_ tax...  I wouldn't mind paying $50 for a techno gizmo that made my conversations, inane as they
may be, private.  The price would also have to be low to assure the other
end has a similar techno-gizmo, or I would have wasted my money.  Anyone
else see the *immediate* need for a standard?
If I'm not mistaken (and I've been known to be from time to time :-), cell
phones are already encrypted between the phone and cell tower.  That way,
they are no less private than a regular phone.  Of course, you may be
referring to further end-to-end encryption built into the phone in addition
to this, but as far as they being less secure than a house phone, I'm not
sure about that one.
Agreed! USER ERROR:  REPLACE AND STRIKE ANY KEY WHEN READY

@_date: 1996-11-22 08:34:59
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Mass-market crypto phones 
I should probably make it more clear that my comment referred to price, NOT
quality.  I'm sure it is a wonderful product (I haven't tried it myself),
but I believe the price tag was at or around $1000.  My comments on the hardware used was for demostration purposes, not for saying anything was
wrong with the design strategy.  In fact, I thought it was a perfectly fine
strategy, and easy(ish) to implement.  Basically, it took the dedicated
computer you would need for phone encryption and put it in a cheaper box.
To be honest, I thought he had a good idea.  I just wouldn't want to pay
$1000 for phone encryption.  But, it's rare I have conversations where I
need that much security.  I'm sure the product is worth it; it's just out
of my price range.  And probably out of the price range of the average user.
USER ERROR: REPLACE AND STRIKE ANY KEY WHEN READY

@_date: 1996-11-22 14:35:55
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Mass-market crypto phones 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
         ^^^^^^^^^^^          ^^^^^^^^
I was going to just listen to the way this thread is going because I find
it fascinating, but now that it has been spelled out, I must make a very
important distinction between my idea and PGPFone, WebPhone, etc. --
These are Web-based programs designed to speak over very long distances
for "free" (neglecting ISP charges, etc.), adding the extra functionality
of encrypting your data along the way so sniffers, etc can't listen in on your conversation.
My encryptophone(tm) :-) is purely a modem-modem protocol.  This way, even at
14.4k you get all of your throughput.  No TCP/IP overhead.  No busy Net.
No "Why won't my ISP hold a connection longer than TWO MINUTES!?!?".  The
idea I was tossing around was a simple modem program which takes digitized
voice, encrypts it, pumps it through the phone line directly to the modem
on the other side which undoes it all.  (Yes, I know this is a simplified
view.)  I also know it may not be as useful as the web-based products, but
I also know you don't have to worry about the aforementioned problems and
neither party has to have a Net account.  This eliminates some of the
problems which have been sent to me.  Of course, some of the problems
still apply and must be addressed.  I guess now's the time to admit that
the first and foremost problem is that I have never programmed my soundcard...
I appreciate the tips and pointers everyone has been giving me tremendously.
Hopefully, this thread doesn't do a complete reversal, because I am storing
all hints/suggestions/tips to be used when I can finally get this project
going.  (I'm stubborn.  I need to at least try it, if for no other reason
than to get the knowledge... :-)

@_date: 1996-12-04 11:06:14
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: new mailing list & ITAR 
The moderator would not prosecuted if the moderator & host machine wasn't located in USA and not a USA citizen and if the post was not from USA. The poster may be a target if located inside USA or a USA citizen. The moderator might be prosecuted if the post originated inside USA or went through USA to be exported outside USA & Canada.
Welcome to the rest of the world.
Michael C. Taylor Programmer, Mount Allison University
Wouldn't this be the case only if it was a *moderated* list?  If it's moderated, the list operator becomes a _publisher_ and is responsible for
it's content.  If it's *unmoderated*, the list operator is a _distributor_
and therefore not responsible for the content his medium provides.  Just like how a bookstore isn't responsible for the contents of the books; the
publishers/authors are.  (Well, public opinion may drive a store out of town, just like public opinion may kill a listserv...)
My apologies if I'm behind in the times and this decision no longer stands.
   Crypto-Anarchy-Security esp. WRT Linux

@_date: 1996-12-05 17:01:03
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: [crypto] Avatar Protection? 
As a sidelight to this thread which has already strewn far from the [crypto] heading, it *is* possible to show a web page to someone w/out
letting them copy it.  Some guy in California, who touts the fact he has
"every foul word known to man" on his site (to generate more hits) has
(I believe developed/worked to help develop) a product which does so.  I
don't know how he does it, and I know there are ways around it through
sniffing, etc., but when you do the trivial act of "View Source" in Netscape, a filtered version is displayed in the source window.  While
it's really not possible (AFAIK) to eliminate unwanted copying by a person
who knows what they're doing, this works against people who don't (like most people).
If anyone's interested, I *might* be able to find the URL somewhere.
PM

@_date: 1996-12-10 13:25:42
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Java DES breaker? 
A few small bugs in this idea, at least for the masses --
1) This would only appeal to people who have unlimited usage
2) ...and don't care about not having their phone available (I know they're
asleep at the time)
3) ...and don't have an ISP that will kick them off when a timeout period
...But if you implement it in a way where the user can hang up the phone and
leave the browser on with the applet running, that would probably work.  It
would be easier to use than downloading executable code and a keyspace
Here's a thought,
While Java isn't a workhorse performance wise, it's very simple for anyone with a half decent browser to use java applets.  Writing an implementation of DES in Java should be fairly easy, however it will run slow on most browsers.  This performance drop will make it far easier for Joe Webuser to easily help break DES for us.
Previous efforts at breaking DES and RSA have done quite well, but the number of people involved can be greatly increased if you tell someone just go to this page and leave your browser on overnight, every night.
The applets would get a key range from the server, process them, and return a yeah or nay back for however far they manage to process before the user returns in the morning.
With JIT's (Just In Time Compilers) and the sheer numbers of users that this can attract, the efforts at breaking weaker cyphers can be increased.
.+.^.+.|  Ray Arachelian    | "If  you're  gonna die,  die  with your|./|\.
..\|/..|sunder on;  If you're  gonna  try,  just |/\|/\
<--*-->| ---- RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;10 Dec 1996 15:57:37 -0400
Received: from toad.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Tue, 10 Dec 1996 20:57:29 GMT
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id IAA21427 for
cypherpunks-outgoing; Tue, 10 Dec 1996 08:23:56 -0800 (PST)
Received: from beast.brainlink.com (sunder
[206.127.58.17]) by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id IAA21422 for
; Tue, 10 Dec 1996 08:23:53 -0800 (PST)
Received: (from sunder by beast.brainlink.com (8.8.2/8.6.12) id
LAA01432; Tue, 10 Dec 1996 11:26:19 -0500 (EST)
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1996-12-16 10:30:02
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: [QUERY]Point-n-Crypt URL  (???) 
To avoid flame wars, I know "...40-bit DES is not secure."  I'm just interested in the interface, etc.  Unfortunately, I lost the URL of where to DL a demo.  Could someone please forward me this information?

@_date: 1996-12-17 08:27:09
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: Encryption to the poors 
Kinda cool.  Seems like a pretty basic .ASM file, though (I'll have to see how
to implement it tonight).  Couldn't resist; I had to run it.  It converts files into directories.  Really outdated.  My guess is its algorithm is to start at C:\ and go into each directory from "C:\A*" to "C:D*" and convert
each file into a directory.  Subdirectories are unaffected.  Apparently, this
is an attempt to overwrite you DOS directory.  Too bad I'm running WinNT! :-)
If I'm not mistaken, Win95 would be unaffected, as well.  The only things of
(little) value I lost were in my Borland C base directory.  The file didn't
even modify "C:\"!  Gee, it's great when you get to run Trojan Horses because you know the
company's IT dept. will clone you a new machine if you mess it up!  ;-)
Anyway.  Now you all know what this does.  BTW, for future reference, does
anyone know of a way to convert the directories back to files?  My guess is
One more question.  Not to spread (in)fame...  Anyone know where I can find
Skism?  One mod greets did was create the directory "SKISM.   ".  Name sounds
familiar, but not sure.
Sent: 	Monday, December 16, 1996 07.35 PM

@_date: 1996-12-19 07:05:26
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: The virus I got... 
You already had the Monkey (or whatever) virus.  It was not included in the
file distributed to the list.  The file was a pure Trojan, not infector.
Sent: 	Wednesday, December 18, 1996 04.37 PM
There was one, though I don't remember what it's name was. Maby it was Monkey.
I already deleted it. --Internaut

@_date: 1997-01-07 06:47:47
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: Polymorph engine (was:RE: PWL's how ?) 
Where did you get the following text on polymorph engines?  Is it available
somewhere?  Where can I get other information on similar topics (Please resist
the urge to mention web search engines; I'm looking for specific
recommendations :-)
- Patrick
Read this for an understanding of a polymorhphic virus:
 A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE METHODS BEHIND A POLYMORPH ENGINE A small glossary of terms:
      ENCRYPT     = Transform from it's original form to an altered form.
      DECRYPT     = Transform from it's altered form to it's original form.
      KEY         = The register or value used to encrypt/decrypt with.
      SLIDING KEY = A KEY value that is INCREASED or DECREASED on each loop.
      COUNT       = The number of bytes in the encrypted code or data.
      INDEX       = A pointer to the encrypted code or data.
      SIGNATURE   = A unique group of bytes that can be used to check against
                    a programs content in the hope of detecting a particular
                    program.
      HEURISTIC   = A set of well defined rules to apply to a problem in the
                    hope of achieving a known result.
Question:  What is a Polymorph?
Answer:    Well, the Longman English Dictionary defines it as:
   "POLYMORPHOUS also POLYMORPHIC adj fml or tech.
     EXISTING IN VARIOUS DIFFERENT FORMS."
In other words, something that has the ability to change it's shape.  Other
ways to describe such a thing might be;  Mutable, Metamorphic, Etc...
Question:  What is a Polymorph Engine?
Answer:    A program with the abilities to encrypt (or jumble up) another
           program or data and provide a unique decryptor for it, it must
           do this in such a way that no two encryptions of the same program
           or data will look alike.
Example:  Take the following ultra-simple decryptor:
               MOV      SI,jumbled_data     ;Point to the jumbled data
               MOV      CX,10               ;Ten bytes to decrypt
main_loop:     XOR      BYTE PTR [SI],55    ;XOR (un_scramble!) a byte
               INC      SI                  ;Next byte
               LOOP     main_loop           ;Loop for the 9 remaining bytes
This small program will XOR the ten bytes at the location pointed to by SI
with the value 55.  Providing the ten bytes were XORed with 55 prior to
running this decryptor the ten bytes will be restored to their original
state.  If you are unsure as to why this is, brush up on your XOR logic!!
Ok, so you might say that if you change the KEY value on each generation it
will become Polymorphic?  Well, yes and no!  If you did that, the encrypted
portion would be Polymorphic, but the decryptor would still remain mostly the
same, the only change begin the KEY value!  So, a signature scanner that
allows WILDCARDS (and most do!) would still be able to find your decryptor!
One way you could fool some signature scanners is to swap around some of the
instructions.  So, with this in mind, the above decryptor might look like:
               MOV      CX,10
               MOV      SI,jumbled_data
main_loop:     XOR      BYTE PTR [SI],55
               INC      SI
               LOOP     main_loop
As you can see, still not much of a change, not really enough to fool some of
the better signature scanners.
"GET TO THE POINT!  WHAT IS A TRUE POLYMORPH?", I hear you cry!
Well, a "true" Polymorph would be a decryptor that looks completely different
on each generation!  Take the following decryptor:
               MOV      CX,10
               NOP
               NOP
               MOV      SI,jumbled_data
               NOP
main_loop:     NOP
               NOP
               XOR      BYTE PTR [SI],55
               NOP
               INC      SI
               NOP
               NOP
               NOP
               NOP
               LOOP     main_loop
This decryptor is the same as the one before it, but it has has a few random
NOP instructions peppered throughout itself.  On each generation you would
vary the amount of NOPs after each instruction.  This is a Polymorph in it's
simplest form.  Still, most of the good signature scanners would have no
problem with such a simple Polymorph.  They would simply skip the NOPs, thus
having a clear view of the decryptor, to which they could apply a signature!
No, a "true" Polymorph has to be far far more complex then this!  Instead of
peppering NOPs throughout the decryptor it would pepper totally random amounts
of totally random 8086 instructions, including JUMPS and CALLS.  It would
also use a different main decryptor (possibly from a selection of pre-coded
ones) and would alter all the registers that the decryptor uses on each
generation, making sure that the JUNK code that it generates doesn't destroy
any of the registers used by the real decryptor!  So, with these rules in
mind, here is our simple decryptor again:
               MOV      DX,10              ;Real part of the decryptor!                 MOV      SI,1234            ;junk
               AND      AX,[SI+1234]       ;junk
               CLD                         ;junk
               MOV      DI,jumbled_data    ;Real part of the decryptor!
               TEST     [SI+1234],BL       ;junk
               OR       AL,CL              ;junk
main_loop:     ADD      SI,SI              ;junk instruction, real loop!
               XOR      AX,1234            ;junk
               XOR      BYTE PTR [DI],55   ;Real part of the decryptor!
               SUB      SI,123             ;junk
               INC      DI                 ;Real part of the decryptor!
               TEST     DX,1234            ;junk
               AND      AL,[BP+1234]       ;junk
               DEC      DX                 ;Real part of the decryptor!
               NOP                         ;junk
               XOR      AX,DX              ;junk
               SBB      AX,[SI+1234]       ;junk
               AND      DX,DX              ;Real part of the decryptor!
               JNZ      main_loop          ;Real part of the decryptor!
As you should be able to see, quite a mess!!  But, still executable code.
It is essential that any junk code generated by the Polymorph Engine is
executable, as it is going to be peppered throughout the decryptor.  Note, in
this example, that some of the junk instructions use registers that we are
using in the decryptor!  This is fine, providing the values in these
registers aren't destroyed.  Also note, that now we have random registers and
random instructions on each generation it makes signature scanning (even for
the clever signature scanners) impossible!  Instead, an HEURISTIC method must
be used, which can lead to false alarms.
So, a Polymorph Engine can be summed up into three major parts:
  1 .. The random number generator.
  2 .. The junk code generator.
  3 .. The decryptor generator.
There are other discrete parts but these three are the ones where most of the
work goes on!
How does it all work?  Well, SMEG goes about generating random decryptors in
the following way:
  1 .. Chooses a random selection of registers to use for the decryptor.
       Leaving the remaining registers as "junk" registers for the junk code
       generator.
  2 .. Chooses one of the compressed pre-coded decryptors.
  3 .. Goes into a loop generating the real decryptor, peppered with junk
       code.
To understand how the selected registers are slotted into the decryptors and
the junk code you must look at the 8086 instructions from a binary level:
      XOR   AX,AX    =    00110001 11000000
      XOR   AX,CX    =    00110001 11001000
      XOR   AX,DX    =    00110001 11010000
      XOR   AX,BX    =    00110001 11011000
You should be able to see a pattern in the binary code for these four 8086
instructions?  Well, all 8086 instructions follow logical patterns, and it is
these patterns that tell the 8086 processor which registers/addressing mode
to use for a particular instruction.  The total amount of instruction formats
and the precise logic regarding the patterns is too complex to go into here. However, all good 8086 tutorials/reference guides will explain in full.
SMEG exploits this pattern logic to generate junk code and decryptors with
random registers, as the patterns directly relate to the registers Etc.
SMEG generates junk code in the following way:
Inside SMEG there is a table of the basic binary patterns for all of the 8086
instruction set, but with one important difference, all the register/address
mode bits are zero.  This is called the SKELETON INSTRUCTION TABLE.  The
table also contains various other bytes used by SMEG to determine the
relevant bit positions to "plug in" the register bit patterns.  These
patterns are plugged in via the logic processes OR and AND.  Using this
method, SMEG can generate endless amounts of random 8086 instructions without
destroying any of the registers used by the decryptor proper.
SMEG also contains some discrete logic for producing false CALLS to dummy
subroutines and also false conditional JMPS around the junk code.
SMEG generates the decryptor proper in the following way:
Inside SMEG there is a table containing a selection of common 8086
instructions used in decryptors, such as XOR [index],reg Etc.  These are,
again, stored in SKELETON FORM with some control bytes used by the decryptor
generator.  Also, inside SMEG, there are several pre-coded decryptors stored
in a compressed form.  On average, a complete decryptor can be described to
the decryptor generator in as few as 11 bytes and adding to the list of
pre-coded decryptors is both painless and economical with space!
SMEG generates the Polymorphed decryptor in the following way:
First it chooses, at random, one of the pre-coded compressed decryptors. Next it goes into a loop uncompressing each decryptor instruction, plugging
in the required registers, storing it and then generating (for each real
instruction) a random amount of random instructions.  This loop repeats until
the complete decryptor has been constructed.  The final result is a random
size, random register, random patterned decryptor!
It should also be noted that whenever SMEG generates an INDEXed instruction
it uses either SI, DI or BX at random, also it sometimes uses a random offset.
For example, say the encrypted code started at address 10h, the following
could be used to index this address:
       MOV   SI,10h     ;Start address
       MOV   AL,[SI]    ;Index from initial address
But sometimes SMEG will generate something like the following, again based on
the encrypted code starting at address 10h:
       MOV   DI,0BFAAh      ;Indirect start address
       MOV   AL,[DI+4066h)  ;4066h + 0BFAAh = 10010h (and FFFF = 10h)!!
These indexed and initial values are picked at complete random, and the
examples of 0BFAAh and 4066h are valid, but next time they will be completely
The following are two decryptors that were generated with my SMEG Polymorph
Engine.  It should be noted that I generated 4000 examples with no two alike!
Unfortunately I ran out of hard drive space!  But it is fairly safe to say
that the total number of decryptor combinations would run into the BILLIONS!
All the lines marked with ";junk" in the following listings indicate random
junk instructions that were inserted throughout the actual decryptor, note
that SMEG has the ability to generate junk CALLS to false SUBROUTINES, as
well as general junk conditional jumps!  All lines marked with a * indicate
an actual part of the decryptor proper.  I chose the two generations shown
because their sizes were similar, 386 and 480 bytes.  SMEG produces
decryptors ranging in size from as little as 288 to as much as 1536 bytes.
Even if two decryptors are generated that are the same size the chances of
them being the same are, literally, billions to one!

@_date: 1997-01-09 07:13:23
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: New Release: Universal Data Cryptography Module V2.0 
Paraphrasing a glossary of Comp-Sci terms I received in email, and using it to translate the second sentence above "Extensive research . . . PGP.":
After trying unsuccessfully to get the damned thing to work for a very long
time, we finally got it to work.  Now it's so patched up we can't figure out
what it's doing.

@_date: 1997-01-10 07:06:04
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
DataETRsch sez:
[My apologies in advance for not having looked at your web site]
What security option settings are in the header?  What kind of security would
be lost by knowing its contents?  I assume there is some sort of risk, hence
the encryption of the header.  When is the header decrypted?  Where is it
decrypted to?  If it is decrypted into memory before use, one could read
the plaintext straight from memory.  Is the key for the header static (same
for all files), or changing?
I assume that when the source code becomes available, you will disclose the
structure of the file header...
How will the source code be distributed?
Thank you for your time.
Patrick Mullen
Patrick.Mullen (preferred email for non-list email)
In compliance with the large volume of source code requests DataET Research
has been receiving, the undocumented Pascal source code of UDCM (containing
the IMDMP encryption algorithm) will be released in approximately one month.
Also, the shareware version of UDCM completely complies with ITAR since only
56-bit keys are allowed. The registered version allows 2048-bit keys. The
registered version can only be sold within the U.S. and Canada. Also:
IN RESPONSE TO THE FLAME MAIL DATAET RESEARCH HAS RECEIVED:
A "comment:" is from a flame mail. A "reply:" is DataET Research's reply to
the comment.
Comment: "What do you mean by 'extensive research'."
Reply: Benchmark tests. Source code comparisons. Documentations of other
algorithms. "Applied Cryptography".
Comment: "Yah, okay, since when is a DLL not royalty-free?!"
Reply: Read some component catalogs. Go search the Internet.
Comment: "That stupid line about 140 function bloats your ad."
Reply: Is this constructive criticism or what?
Comment: "What the hell does DLL size have to do with cost-effectiveness?"
Reply: Upload time. Disk creation time. Minimal archive size increase.
Comment: "I've never even heard of IMDMP before. Is this a joke?"
Reply: UDCM (IMDMP) came out January 1st, 1997. How do you think successful
companies start anyway, with millions of dollars upfront? DataET Research is
a relatively new company.
Comment: "What kind of industry standard is IMDMP above?"
Reply: 128-bit encryption. Average DES is 128. PGP tops 1024. IDEA goes at
128. RSA the same. Full security IMDMP is 2048-bit. Any other questions?
Comment: "Any bonehead can tell that 256 bytes is 2048 bits."
Reply: Does anybody out there feel insulted?
Comment: "Why does IMDMP need sub-algorithms? Is there something wrong?"
Reply: Sub-algorithms of IMDMP are basically algorithm modes. There is
nothing wrong with IMDMP's structure. Why don't you see what sub-algorithms
are for yourself? Go try out UDCM:
Comment: "What algorithm doesn't process both binary and ASCII?"
Reply: Go search the Internet for one. You'll find many dinky ones.
Comment: "What algorithm doesn't allow multiple encryption layers?"
Reply: Go search the Internet for one. You'll find many dinky ones.
Comment: "Who says IMDMP doesn't have any back-doors or magical keys?"
Reply: What more do you want us to prove? The source code will be out in
about a month.
Comment: "Why is there a dumb 2,147,483,390 file size limit?"
Reply: It has do with 2^32 DOS file pointer long integer variables. You
developers should know that.
Comment: "Why the hell is the file size limit 258 bytes off? What, are keys
kept in file headers?"
Reply: Keys are NOT stored in headers. The 258 (actually 256) byte header is
used to store certain IMDMP special security option settings. The header is
itself secured using a 128-bit encryption code.
Comment: "What the do you mean by 'file specific unique encryption'."
Reply: For the idiot who sent this message to us: Why don't you download UDCM
V2.0 and view its documentation for yourself?
Comment: "Isn't IMDMP illegal?!"
Reply: The version of UDCM (IMDMP) being distributed on the Internet, the
shareware version, allows only 56-bit keys. The registered version allows
2048-bit ones. The registered version is only sold within the U.S. and
Comment: "I want the damn source code to IMDMP now. How do we know for sure
that IMDMP is better than DES and all the others you mentioned?"
Reply: Wait one month please.
Jeremy K. Yu-Ramos
DataET Research
Data Engineering Technologies
------------------ RFC822 Header Follows ------------------
Received: by mail.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;10 Jan 1997 00:46:36 -0400
Received: from toad.com by delphi.ndhm.gtegsc.com with SMTP;
          Fri, 10 Jan 1997 5:45:24 GMT
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) id RAA20172 for
cypherpunks-outgoing; Thu, 9 Jan 1997 17:15:06 -0800 (PST)
Received: from emout18.mail.aol.com (emout18.mx.aol.com [198.81.11.44]) by
toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id RAA20163 for ; Thu,
9 Jan 1997 17:14:52 -0800 (PST)
From-Mail: DataETRsch
From-Name: from root
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1997-01-10 08:46:30
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: encryption program 
I'm looking for ciphertext analysis tools --
What analysis tools did you use?  Where can I get a publicly available copy?

@_date: 1997-01-14 04:58:13
@_author: "Mullen Patrick" 
@_subject: RE: encryption program 
What is a Kappa test?  Is there software I can run to perform such a test?
Where can I get it?
I ran a quick Kappa test on it.  There was a nice fat spike at key
length 25, as somebody else suggested, but an almost perfect
correlation at 100.  The message is almost certainly a simple
polyalphabetic cipher with keylength 100.
I've been playing with it, and have maybe 5% of it decoded.  It's
full of really blatent clues.  Kind of fun.
