
@_date: 1996-07-26 21:26:41
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: DES-busting Javanese pagers and TVs 
Would it be better to have them all try random keys rather than use    assigned keyspaces?  Can't keysearches be shorted by half (not that    it's that significant, 2^55 rather than 2^56) using complement  keys?
2^55 bits is not significant?  It is on my hardware!

@_date: 1996-07-26 21:56:02
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
No. Robber 18 knows that he will be killed under those
   circumstances, so he proposes that Robber 20 gets all the money. 20
   votes with him. Now iterate backwards. If, under my assumption the
If there are 3 robbers,  can work out any split he likes that gives
a portion of the money to  since  knows he won't see a cent
unless he goes along with it.  If he chooses not to give anything to
  loses nothing but may decide to kill him out of spite.
In the case of 4 robbers,  could decide to split the money with or    will vote with him if he chooses  because he won't get
anything otherwise.   will vote with him if he chooses  because
 knows that he has no choice but to agree with anything  decides,
and on the assumption that the proposer at each round wishes to
maximize his share, he'll offer  less than  did.  (In this case,
 has nothing to lose, so he may vote with 1 and 4, but it doesn't
Iterating backwards from here to the case of N robbers,  only has to
offer any floor((N-1)/2) of robbers  any amount in order to get
their votes.
   proposers are selected by lot at each stage, then 18 still knows
   he'd be killed, but not knowing which of 19 or 20 is the next
   proposer, suggests 19 and 20 split 50-50. Since each knows that he
   might be  and get nothing on the next round, they accept.  Now
   iterate that one backwards.
In this case, 18 will be killed anyway if the other two are willing to
bet their half of the money on being next in line.  It's possible that
for N robbers, all of them will vote against the proposer at every
stage until one of them ends up with all the money.

@_date: 1996-07-26 21:43:34
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Fireworks expected, missed at Senate crypto hearing 
>The FBI's Louis Freeh kept mouthing the same tired old line: "No
   >reasonable person can envision a lawless information superhighway."
   I guess that makes me an unreasonable person!
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one
persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.  Therefore all
progress depends on the unreasonable man."

@_date: 1996-07-26 21:46:12
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Defeating "Perp Profile" Analyses Of Written Materials 
[Begin English Translation of Spanish Text]
    "I don't make have messages of the[ [remailer]] equal very-chained anony=
   mous=20
   letter protect my identity of attackers something wealthy persons and cer=
   tain,=20
   if I/he/she/it/you did many anonymous posts.  Style of the writing and al=
   one=20
   topic would take in the list of the suspect to a governable number."
John Young obviously uses this technique regularly :-)

@_date: 1996-07-26 22:54:50
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
> No. Robber 18 knows that he will be killed under those circumstances, so he
   > proposes that Robber 20 gets all the money. 20 votes with him.    I think many are assuming that the cypherpunk making the suggestion
   gets a vote.  My reading of the puzzle is that he does not.
I hadn't thought of that.  If the proposer gets no vote, and assuming
he still gets counted to make up 50%, for N > 3, he should suggest
giving some money to the penultimate ceil(N/2) robbers.  In the case
of N <= 3, the last robber gets everything.

@_date: 1996-07-27 03:31:48
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- CLARIFICATION 
Of course,  could have offered some money to  and gotten his vote,
   but that would violate the terms of the problem:  wants to make as
   much money as possible.  And since he can get  vote even while
   offering nothing to him, that is what he will do.
It was a much more interesting question before the addition of this
"clarification," IMO.

@_date: 1996-08-18 22:31:56
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: _Secret Power_ (re: "world communications being monitored") 
Forewords from Nicky Hager's book _Secret Power_:
Once upon a time life was easy for the intelligence community.
   Michael Joeseph Savage made a mark in the sands of history with his
`where Britain stands we stand' declaration.  It was only right that
we saw the world through British eyes and, when Britain retreated,
only sensible that we should go all the way with LBJ as an Australian
Prime Minister (in whose memory a swimming pool in Melbourne was
named) once declared.  The cold war kept us in line and on line.
   In the mid-1980s we bucked the system.  We may have been ahead of
our time on matters nuclear, but we were out of step with what was
called the `Western Alliance'.  It took a break with the United States
and Britain to make the people of New Zealand aware that we were part
of an international intelligence organisation which had its roots in a
different world order and which could command compliance from us while
withholding from us the benefits of others' intelligence.
   Life at the time was full of unpleasant surprises.  State-sponsored
terrorism was a crime against humanity as long as it wasn't being
practiced by the allies, when it was studiously ignored.  In the
national interest it became necessary to say `ouch' and frown and bear
certain reprisals of our intelligence partners.  We even went the
length of building a satellite station at Waihopai.  But it was not
until I read this book that I had any idea that we had been committed
to an international integrated electronic network.
   It was with some apprehension that I learned Nicky Hager was
researching the activity of our intelligence community.  He has long
been a pain in the establishment's neck.  Unfortunately for the
establishment, he is engaging, thorough, unthreatening, with a
dangerously ingenuous appearance, and an atonishing number of people
have told him things that I, as Prime Minister in charge of the
intelligence services, was never told.
   There are also many things with which I am familiar.  I couldn't
tell him which was which.  Nor can I tell you.  But it is an outrage
that I and other ministers were told so little, and this raises the
question of to whom those concerned saw themselves ultimately
   It also raises the question as to why we persist with the old order
of things.  New Zealand doesn't have much in common with Major's
Britain and probably less with Blair's Britain.  Are we
philosophically in tune with Clinton's USA?  Is he?
   Does all of that prejudice our new orientation to Asia?
   There will be two responses to this book.  One will take the easy
course of dumping on Hager.  He is quite small and can easily be
dumped on.  The other will be to challenge the existing assumptions
and to have a rational debate on security and intelligence.  I have
always enjoyed taking the easier course but we may have been the
poorer for it.
                                                           David Lange
                                 Prime Minister of New Zealand 1984-89
                  -------------------------------------
The world of signals intelligence is one that governments have
traditionally tried to keep hidden from public view.  The secrecy
attached to it by the United Kingdom and its allies in the Second
World War, particularly codebreaking operations, carried over into the
Cold War.  Whether their adversaries were attacking them with weapons
or diplomatic strategies, the concern was the same --- that
revelations about methods and successes would lead an adversary to
change codes and ciphers and deny the codebreaker the ability to read
the foe's secret communications.
   Another aspect of the Second World War that carried over into the
Cold War era was the close co-operation between five countries --- the
United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand
--- formalised with the UKUSA Security Agreement on 1948.  Although
the treaty has never been made public, it has become clear that it not
only provided for a division of collection tasks and sharing of the
product, but for common guidelines for the classification and
protection of the intelligence collected as well as for personal
   But over the last 50 years, codebreaking has become far more
difficult, and often impossible --- due to the use of computer based
encryption.  At the same time, the interception of unencrypted
communications (for example, air-to-ground communications) and other
electronic signals --- particularly radar emanations and missile
telemetry --- has grown dramatically in importance.  This expanded
role for signals intelligence was made evident in the construction and
operation of a vast networkof ground stations spread across the world,
aircraft equipped with intercept antenna patrolling the skies (and
sometimes being shot down), and eventually the launch of eavesdropping
satellites.  This activity did not escape the notice of the Soviet
Union, which also was busy establishing its own elaborate network.  It
also became very evident to outsider observers that signals
intelligence was an important and very expensive part of the Cold War.
   That signals intelligence became more noticeable did not, for many
years, alter the attitudes of the authorities about the necessity for
strict secrecy.  In the United States, the National Security Agency,
established in 1952, was officially acknowledged only in 1957.  For
years, what were well known to be US operated signals intelligence
stations have been officially described as facilities engaged in the
research of `electronic phenomena' or the `rapid-relay of
communications.'  It took the US over 20 years after the Soviet Union
obtained detailed information on a US signals intelligence satellite
even to acknowledge the existance of such satellites.  Other nations
have been equally reticent --- the very existance of Canada's
Communications Security Establishment was first revealed by the media
in 1975.
   In recent years some of the UKUSA governments have been somewhat
more forthcoming about signals intelligence sometimes with regard to
historical events, sometimes with respect to organisation structure,
and sometimes about some aspect of current operations.  But secrecy is
still intense (although no more than in other countries).  What the
public does know, it knows largely because of the efforts of
industrious researchers who have collected and analysed obscure
documents and media accounts, and interviewed present and former
intelligence officers who can shed light on signals intelligence
operations.  These researchers have included Desmond Ball in
Australia, James Bamford in the United States and Duncan Campbell in
the United Kingdom.
   Nicky Hager's _Secret Power_ earns him a place in that select
company.  Indeed, he has produced the most detailed and up-to-date
account in existance of the work of any signals intelligence agency.
His exposé of the organisation and operations of New Zealand's
Government Communications Security Bureau (GCSB) is a masterpiece of
investigative reporting and provides a wealth of information.
   The reader of Mr Hager's book will learn about not just New
Zealand's signals intelligence activities, but those of its partners.
Specifically, the reader will learn about the origins, the evolution,
and internal structure of the GCSB; the Tangimoana and Waihopai ground
stations and their operations; New Zealand's role in the UKUSA
alliance, and some of the signals intelligence operations of the other
UKUSA nations.  _Secret Power_ also serves as a fascinating case study
of the role of a junior partner in an intelligence alliance.
   Some, undoubtedly, will object to the unprecendented detail to be
found in the book, taking the traditional view that secrecy is far
more important than public understanding of how tax dollars are being
spent on intelligence.  Certainly, revelations that defeat the purpose
of legitimate intelligence activities are unfortunate and waste those
tax dollars.  But the UKUSA governments and their intelligence
services have been far too slow in declassifying information that no
longer needs to be secret and far too willing to classify information
that need not be restricted.  A Canadian newspaper made the point
rather dramatically a few years ago --- after being denied access to a
Canadian signals intelligence facility, the paper promptly purchased
on the open market, and published, a satellite photograph of the
facility, and its antenna system, first obtained by a Soviet spy
   There are many individuals within the services who would prefer
greater openness, but they frequently cannot overcome the intense
opposition of those preaching the need for tight secrecy.  The
internal bureaucratic battle to get information declassified can be a
long and intense one and those opposing disclosure have an advantage
--- often they are those in charge of security, who have developed a
mindset which views any revelation as damaging.  In the meantime, the
public is kept in the dark.  A free press, as manifested in books such
as Mr Hager's, is large step towards alleviating the problem.
                                                  Jeffrey T. Richelson
                                                  Alexandria, Virginia
                                                             May, 1996
  Jeffrey Richelson is a leading authority on United States
  intelligence agencies and author of _America's Secret Eyes in the
  Sky_ and co-author of _The Ties That Bind_.

@_date: 1996-09-03 03:00:17
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Free Speech and List Topics 
How about supporting the effort for comp.cypherpunks ?
God forbid.  Isn't there enough off-topic noise on the list for you?
I'd be glad to email you a bunch of "MAKE MONEY FA$T" and "Want XXX
pictures in your mailbox?" messages every day, if not.
   About the need for limits for anonymity, guess what brought that on?
   Crime?  Yes!  The crime of the media monopoly violating the anti-trust
   acts, because people are ignorant enough to trust the mass media for
   their news.

@_date: 1996-09-07 04:03:33
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Disclosure of True Names 
I have seen it repeated here often that somehow anonymity is some kind
   of a "right" that one should have in all kinds of different & important
   transactions, not merely on "cyberspace debate societies". I see
   here frequently the implication that *private*entities* that want to
   enforce identity in their own transactions are somehow implementing
   a corrupt, orwellian system. it sounded to me like that was all
   Dyson was advocating.
The only time I've ever seen this point of view expressed on the list
is when you and the other tentacles claim someone else is wrong for
saying it (which they didn't, of course).
No one has ever said "private entities" shouldn't be allowed to
"enforce identity in their own transactions."  This is exactly what
Tim and others have been saying _should_ happen.  Dyson, however,
appears to be advocating some sort of identity tracking mechanism at
the network level so that _all_ transactions are identifiable (albeit
with some legal mechanism attempting to prevent "unauthorised"
identification) regardless of whether the individuals involved want to
enforce identity or not.  Identification can be proved between the
individuals concerned on a truly voluntary basis, without any such
controls on the net.
   also, I think you are being slightly disingenuous in masking your own
   and other cpunks major objections to traceability, with the above,
   "this is all we really want". what about situations
   where the government requires you to give a physical identity for
   some kind of a license etc? do you think there are no such valid
   situations? is there any role for a government whatsoever in    CryptoAnarchist Utopia and if so, is there any situation in which
   demanding physical identity is reasonable?
If the government, or any other entity, requires identification it can
be provided.  I'm hard pressed to think of a situation in which the
legitimate business of government (if any) actually requires
identification.  What do we need government to licence?

@_date: 1996-09-15 16:34:07
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Exactly the point Lance... [Fwd: HipCrime and Art] 
Exactly the point, bingo!  The point is this, exactly what do YOU define as
   *fucking shit* so that anyone who visits your page will know exactly what
   they can and can't say to Lance Cottrell. We've determined that you don't
   want to receive the HipCrime URL from your mailto: button. What about the
   next visitor who comes across your page, how will they know exactly what you
   do or do not find interesting? Will you put a lengthy *what I expect from
   all correspondents who use my mailto: button* explanation on the page?
   Perhaps a simple, *don't mail me unless I already know you and want to hear
   what you have to say...* tag?
I think it's fairly obvious that any mailto tag on Lance's *Mixmaster
page* is for comments and suggestions concerning Mixmaster, or the
page itself.  URLs about fractal art, who killed JFK, and your
favourite episode of The X Files could then be expected to be
considered *fucking shit*.
As you seem to feel that being accessible by email is licence for
anyone to send you anything they want unless they have specific
knowledge that you don't want to receive it, and given that I have no
knowledge about what you don't want to receive, I'm going to set up a
spider to trawl the web and mail you every single URL it encounters,
in the certain knowledge that you consider this legitimate use of your
address :-)

@_date: 1996-09-19 16:11:52
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
Two others, huh?  Lucky you :-)
I'm tired.
Yes, I'm tired.
For several years I've been blaming it on middle age, poor blood, lack
of vitamins, air pollution, saccharin, obesity, dieting, under-arm
odour, yellow wax buildup and another dozen maladies that make you
wonder if life is really worth living.
But I found out it ain't that.
I'm tired because I'm overworked.
The population of this country is 3.3 million, 0.5 million are
retired, that leaves 2.8 million to do the work.
There are 1 million in school, that leaves 1.8 million to do the work.
200,000 are unemployed and 400,000 are employed by the Government,
that leaves 1.2 million to do the work.
300,000 are employed by City and Borough Councils, leaving 700,000 to
do the work.
There are 420,000 people in hospital and 279,998 in prison.
That leaves two people to do the work.
You and me.
And you are sitting on your arse reading this.
No wonder I'm bloody tired.

@_date: 1996-10-20 08:12:32
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: [crypto-philo]OTP or DES? 
it is claimed to be an OTP.  Imagine a plaintext, encrypted with triple-des.
   It looks like a bunch of 1's and 0's to the casual observer, but to you it
   is your secret plan to take over the world.  Or so you would have us believe
   if we crack the cypher.
   actually you plan to take over the world using a completely different plan.
   It is quite easy to take the bits of the des-encrypted message, and
   calculate the OTP key nessasary to decrypt the message into your real plan.
Yes, but if you _really_ used a OTP to encrypt your real plans, the
probability that the ciphertext would decrypt via DES to anything
intelligible is so amazingly minute that no one would believe you.
It's like _one_ monkey typing out flawlessly the complete works of
Shakespeare.  On a Wednesday afternoon... :-)
   using that particular key means nothing, because a true OTP can generate
   that bit sequence.
And I can instantly break any encrypted message I see, by correctly
guessing the algorithm and the key.  I'd bet against it, though.
In fact, I don't even need to see it!!  I can guess the ciphertext, too

@_date: 1996-11-05 07:11:11
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
I'm in the "those who support" category.  I don't give a damn whether
Dimitri is on the list or not, I can filter if I want to, but since
John's paying for it, he can kick people off, moderate it, forge and
edit posts, or whatever he wants.  Digital signatures can prevent (or
at least detect) some of this (but he could strip the signatures, of
course) and I imagine the list wouldn't last long (would move
elsewhere) if he did this, but it would not be "anti-libertarian"
(dishonest, maybe).  The anti-libertarian side is that of those
list-members who think they have some sort of right to use John's
equipment as they please, for free, and complain when he disagrees.
Well, tough.  He's right and you're wrong.
If you don't like the way John runs the list, there's a very simple
solution: set up your own list, using _your_ computer, and run it the
way you think it should be run.  It sounds like a lot of the people on
this list would prefer your way (the same people, presumably, who
would like to borrow your car without asking, or spend a couple of
months holidaying in your house...)
Nonsense.  John Gilmore is not censoring anyone's mail.  He can't
possibly censor your mail (unless he runs your ISP...but then you can
always move to another ISP).  You're free to correspond with Dimitri
to your hearts content, and John has nothing to say about it...unless
you try to make him pay for it.  [If you think differently, please let
me know.  I'll be quite happy to tell my ISP to send my bills to you!

@_date: 1996-11-07 07:12:08
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: FW: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more [RANT] 
> Dale is wrong.  All access to Cypherpunks is via toad.com which
   > sits in John Gilmore's home.  (The basement office to be exact.)
   Wrongo, Mr./Mrs. Argumentum ad Nauseam.
   My computer is in fact in MY home, and my access is SOLELY through GTE.
You only send mail to/receive mail from GTE?  How, then, are you reading
this, or sending the message to which I'm replying?
What a revelation!  It's going through toad.com!  *gasp*
   > And here John has chosen to limit said forum.  It is irrelevant
   > how many subscribers perceive the list as public.  It is private.
   > Their misperception is in no way binding on John.
   Perception is everything.  And I never made a comment about "binding"
   anything.  Therefore, there is no misunderstanding.
Yes there is.  I don't understand what you're saying.
Sandy wasn't quoting you ("binding") -- he said your (mis)perception
that the list is public doesn't affect what John can or cannot do with
his privately owned computer.
Try this at home: send email addressed to majordomo with the
body "who cypherpunks".  When you get a reply, save it in a file.  OK,
you now have a list of who's subscribed to this list on your computer.
Is it your contention that you should not be allowed to edit or delete
this list?  If you reply in the negative, why do you think that John
Gilmore shouldn't be allowed to edit his copy of this list?
   >    Some folks just don't have a clue.  Just because they don't
   >    understand the nature of John's contribution, does not stop
   >    them from yammering.
   And the people who agree with you are the only intelligent/clueful
   people on this list?
Well, People can be clueful about different things, of course.  On
this particular subject I can't see how you can reconcile a belief in
private property rights with your viewpoint.  So, are you a
communitarian or an idiot? :-)
   Your contention is acknowledged and rejected.
Your rejection is acknowledged and rejected :-)  Facts are facts.
Whether you choose to accept them is irrelevant.  Try "rejecting"
gravity for a while.
   The only fact you've shown to demonstrate that it's private is that
   John can manage it "anyway he wants", and/or shut it down at will.
Yes!  The only fact necessary is that the equipment on which it's run
is private.
   Well, the owners of Denny's can shut their places down whenever
   they want to too.
Yes...another example of "private."
   Matter of fact, the whole government can resign tomorrow and tell
   you to do it yourself.
Most(?) people on this list would think they'd died and gone to heaven.
   Imagine what would happen in the L.A. metro area if the truck drivers
   who bring in food decided they didn't want to do so next week....
Are you saying they can't?  Who prevents these truck drivers from
quitting, and what happens to those who try?  What do you think would
   > > You can argue until doomsday the "privacy of home" issue,...
   > Since it is correct and unasailable, I believe I will.
Dale, apparently, doesn't think his home is private.
I think it more likely that Dale is simply being a hypocrite, though.
I'm sure he would maintain that his home is private as soon as the
homeless people under the bridge down the street decide to move in.
   > > If you really agree with the ousting, I don't understand why
   > > you're arguing so hard for the "private home" issue; would you
   > > want to see a world someday where all Internet communications
   > > are "controlled" by "private" individuals at "home"?
Would you really want to see a world where this is *not* the case?

@_date: 1996-11-07 21:15:56
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Blocking addresses by default 
remailer looks for "$$" as the first line of the message,    and strips everything up to the next occurrence of "$$". It then appends    its own disclaimer block before sending the message to the hop (remailer    or final destination).
   A bit annoying, yes, but I think this would go a long way towards    improving public relations. I don't see how it compromises security.
Neither do I.  I think it should use something like a line of dashes,
or maybe a C comment, though, rather than $$, to make it look
'prettier' for the eventual recipient, and clarify that it's not part
of the original message.
   What's wrong with this scheme? Other than the fact that all remailers    would have to change their software at the exact same moment. :-)
This is not true, of course.  Implement it in two stages.  First
recognise and strip the disclaimer, but don't prepend one, then, when
all remailers are doing this, start prepending information.

@_date: 1996-11-07 21:19:21
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: [rant] Re: Censorship on cypherpunks 
Actually, I was comparing some people on the list, who were saying someone
   could always start thier own list, with those who advocate telling someone
   to start a new country as opposed to making their vote count.  This is a
This is a ridiculous comparison.
Starting your own country is virtually impossible, not to mention
unthinkably expensive, and if you could do it, it would mean packing
up and physically moving to another location -- something you may not
want to do (especially since your new country would surely have none
of the amenities you're used to -- indoor plumbing, supermarkets,
etc.)  Starting your own list, on the other hand, is almost as easy as
breathing, requires no great expense, and doesn't preclude you from
also being a member of this list.
   free country where we, fortunately, don't have to hang around, and, this is
You don't have to stay in the US, but if you want to leave you do have
to find somewhere else to go.

@_date: 1996-11-16 11:11:57
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: The persistance of reputation 
A disinformer posing as an idiot.  Go figure.
Nice sig...and here I was thinking you were a real idiot.

@_date: 1996-11-20 20:49:50
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: FUCK YOU punk/was:Taking out the garbage 
>
   > Beginning Monday, 11/25/96, I will bounce all email from the various    > (non-)subscribers polluting this list with garbage back to the    > authors. Furthermore, I will attach documents describing basic    > Internet rules of conduct to each bounce.
   > First of all, it wasn't Vulis who wrote that, it was Lucky Green.  Try
to keep your attributions straight.
   Somebody tell this stupid motherfucker that there are NO "basic
   Internet rules of conduct."
Wasn't it you who claimed that cypherpunks was "public domain" because
of just some such "InterNet" rule?
   He who tries to make or enforce any rules DIES!
Is that a rule? :-)
   > I would encourage other Cypherpunks to do the same.    Yeah boy, you are a PUNK allright.
And you're a hypocritical fascist asshole.  So what?

@_date: 1996-11-26 03:41:54
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Provably "Secure" Crypto (was: IPG Algorithm Broken!) 
> so often, I refer to systems for which rigorous mathematical proof that    > "there are no shortcuts" exists.  To my knowledge, no such systems, with    > the exception of a real one-time pad, exist today.  However, I also    As I have argued many times, that is correct.  OTP, with real random
   numbers, and no-reusage, etc, etc, is the only "perfect" cryptosystem, and
   even it has its problems (like key exchange, for instance).
The only one known at this time, not necessarily the only one
possible.  Are you aware of some proof that no other cryptosystem can
be secure (in the way Dana talks about)?
   > Rigorous proofs of the non-existence of an algorithm are not new.     > Neither are rigorous proofs that any algorithm which can solve a given    > problem requires a minimal running time.  Or, in an even stronger sense,    Hrmmm... I seem to see a problem (namely Moore's first law) in assigning
There's a Moore's second law?
   anything a "minimal running time".  Perhaps "minimal instruction count"
   would be more suited to your example.  Because if you're talking about
   time, it essentially boils down to "the longer something takes the less
   time it takes".
"Minimal running time" doesn't really mean time in hours.  Obviously
hardware gets faster all the time.  It means complexity -- O(n^2)
takes more time than O(log(n)), regardless of how fast your hardware
is.  In other words, if takes f(x) time units, but the units are
"Minimal instruction count" is pretty meaningless (change the
instruction set to arrive at any figure you like).
   > that a particular known algorithm for a given problem is indeed a    > (provably) optimal algorithm for that problem.
   Never happen.  It just won't.  As a rule, there's _always_ a faster way.
But there _are_ such proofs ("reductio ad absurdum".  Assume this is
_not_ the best algorithm.  Then there is some better algorithm.
Figure out some properties this better algorithm must have.  Something
like "1 == 2" comes up, therefore there is no such better algorithm.)
Of course you can do it (whatever "it" is) faster with faster
hardware, or maybe better implementation.  And there are sometimes
special-case shortcuts...(a OTP has innumerable "weak keys" -- all
'0's being the most obvious -- of course it's _possible_ that your
random pad just happens to transform your real message into valid
English text, but I doubt this argument would save you from the firing
squad :-) The chance of generating an all-'0' pad ((1/n)^x, n=range of
values in pad, x=number of blocks (characters) in message) is a lot
better than the chance of getting some unrelated-but-meaningful text
as output (I don't even know where start on that one -- it's the
"monkeys in the British Museum" scenario))
   > Turning once again to cryptography, there is presumably an "optimal"    > algorithm for factoring a "general" number in the "worst" case.  Of    Ok, now I have to pose a question: If cryptographers actually beleive
   this, why continue to search for a faster one.
Because no-one's found the optimal solution yet (or at least not
proved that it is optimal).
   > "optimal" algorithm.  Worse case bounds on running time for currently    > known algorithms can certainly be produced, but no one currently knows    > if these are the best algorithms.
   Again I say, there's _always_ a faster way.
But you're arguing "faster" in terms of clock time (which is obviously
true, but not necessarily useful).  Something that takes O(n^2) time
can be done in arbitrarily short clock time (given fast enough
hardware), but is still slower than something that takes O(log(n))
time.  If you make n big enough, the O(n^2) calculation may not be
worth doing, while the O(log(n)) calculation is still fairly fast (in
reality, of course, you'd prefer something that takes much longer than

@_date: 1996-11-27 07:12:56
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Bounty Server, Revisited. 
>      graphics editing software, easy to use Graphic Design Software (TeX
   >      is NOT easy to use) and easy to use Cryptographic software. TeX *may* not be easy to learn (the price of The TeXBook is well worth
it), but it's not hard to use.  It's not suited to graphic-laden
documents, though.
   many would pay good money for Linux native versions of programs like    Wordperfect, Corelpaint & draw, Pagemaker , etc.
WordPerfect, at least, is available (from Caldera).  And then there
are the ApplixWare and StarOffice suites.  I've been hearing rumours
about CorelDraw for quite a while, but nothing concrete yet AFAIK, and
Corel are supposed to be doing a Java-based office suite that will run
under Linux+JDK.

@_date: 1996-11-28 03:28:58
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
Yes. On the Internet it may not be immediately evident that the other side
   of the debate is represented by clueless juveniles with whom you simply
   wouldn't talk in a physical encounter. Trying to explain the need for key
Or people who act like clueless juveniles on the net, while seeming to
be nice, rational adults in real life.  I hear you fit that
description fairly well (I, of course, can only speak for the online side).
   > I must admit that I am at a loss to understand the heat which
   > Dorothy Denning generates on the Cypherpunks list, which seems to
   > be second only to the heat generated by posting recipes for roast
   > feline in rec.pets.cats.
   I've seen other people abused on this mailing list - usually, whoever
   knows more about cryptography then the regular "lynch mob".
"Knows more" == "rants endlessly about how the letters "Q.E.D." and
some nonsense about hot air balloons render a cryptosystem
   I had the pleasure of meeting Dr. Denning in person and I asked her
   about her views on GAK. Her responses made a lot of sense to me. Most
   businesses, if they thought about it, would prohibit their employers
   from having information on company computers encrypted so the owner
   of the computer can't read them. This is just good business sense.
Of course it is.  And they can do this, today, without any
legislation!  I believe the commercial version of PGP (Business
Edition?) has support for this.
This is, of course, totally unrelated to GAK (unless you consider
people to be the property of their government, I suppose).
   This mailing list suffers from the presence of several mentally disturbed
   juveniles who a) are clearly ignorant of cryptography (e.g. rant about
   brute force attacks on OTP); b) are cognizant of their utter ignorance and
   stupidity; c) are envious of anyone who does know what s/he's talking
   about.
d) rant endlessly about Tim May.
e) put "(fart)" or "(spit)" after every other word.
f) rant about John Gilmore's alleged sexual preferences.  (I seem to
   recall something about Tsutomu Shimomura "stealing" his girlfriend??)
g) continually bring up Paul Bradley's "brute forcing a OTP" post,
   which was quite clearly a simple misunderstanding.
[and h) probably rant about me for a while now.  Prove me wrong.]
   So, they feel compelled to harrass anyone who's smarter / more
   knowledgeable than they are (sometimes using the anonymous remailers) in
Ah!  That explains the "Timmy (fart) May" posts!  *Now* I get it!
   The continuing verbal abuse of Dr. Denning is no different from the abuse
   previously heaped on Fred Cohen or David Sternlight or yours truly.
The only "continuing verbal abuse" I've seen on this list is you and
those "Freedom Knight" twits abusing Tim May and John Gilmore.

@_date: 1996-12-01 21:11:10
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: A quick discussion of Mersenne Numbers 
A mercenne number is of the type:
   M(p) = 2**p -1 results in a prime when p is a prime.
*Occasionally* results in a prime when p is prime.  (A Mersenne number
is any number of that form, prime or composite.  It so happens that if
M(p) is prime, p is prime)
   Hopefully this will lead the way to see the pattern of prime
   numbers and being able to compute prime numbers in a far more
   efficient manner (after all a function that when given a prime
   number results in a prime number would be quite a kicker now
   wouldn't it!)
That's easy: f(x) = x
   The other Mersenne primes include:
   2,3,5,7,13,17,19,31,127,61,89, and 107.
2, 5, 13, 17, 19, 61, 89 and 107 are not Mersenne numbers :-|
The first few Mersenne primes are:
3, 7, 31, 127, 8191, 131071, 524287, 2147483647

@_date: 1996-12-03 07:11:14
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE]-- [PHILOSOPHYPUNKS] Re: The House Rules At The Permanent Virtual Cypherpunks Party 
> whatever letters you want; you don't have the right to demand
   > that any particular thing be _done_ with those letters once
   > they arrive, in the absence of some contract to the contrary.
   In the interest of reducing the amount of argument, let's speak more
   precisely:  I think people *do* have the right to demand such a thing,
Do you indeed?  OK, I hereby demand that you set up a mailing list on
your computer for discussion of "censorship" on cypherpunks.
Why do I have the right to demand this?
   although they do *not* necessarily have the right to force such a thing.
do not *necessarily*??
Obviously they have no right to use force, since they have no right to
make such a demand in the first place.  But *if* they had such a
right, why on earth would you say they have no right to use force?
(You may not agree that they should be able to use physical force
themselves, but at least they should have a law or something to apply
pressure, right?  What kind of right is it if it has nothing at all
backing it up?)
   intelligent cypherpunk would misunderstand such a thing. Do you really
   believe that myself and other cypherpunks want to "seize" John's equip-
   ment, morally or otherwise?  You are correct about certain issues being
Yes.  You said so yourself, in this very same post.
   complex, but one of the big failings of the crowd who supported Gilmore
   on this action was their failure to understand the point I've made here -
   that we *do* understand basic property rights, etc.
This must be some newspeak interpretation of "understand" of which I
was not previously aware...
   How can I say this better?  Myself and a number of other people would
   really have appreciated it if John had defended himself.  The fact of
He had no need to defend himself.
Any attempt to "defend" himself from people who claim they have a
right to demand the use of his computer (if not *necessarily* to back
up said demand with force) would probably have been wasted effort
anyway.  [Yes, I know you think posting to cypherpunks is not "use" of
John's computer.  Substitute whatever word fits what you think it
*is*, if you must.]
   all these other would-be experts on cyber-rights and morals preaching
   to the list on behalf of Gilmore, and Gilmore being silent, argues
   (not proves, just argues) heavily in favor of Dimitri et al.
So Tim May's silence in response to Vulis's nonsense, while some
others came out in his favour "argues (not proves, just argues)
heavily in favor of Dimitri" too?  Yeah, sure!  Wanna buy a bridge?

@_date: 1996-12-04 18:11:18
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE]-- [PHILOSOPHYPUNKS] Re: The House Rules At The Permanent Virtual Cypherpunks Party 
> Do you indeed?  OK, I hereby demand that you set up a mailing list on
   > your computer for discussion of "censorship" on cypherpunks.
   I hear your demand, which you have a right to make, and I reject it,
   which is my right. You proved my point, that you could make the demand,
   and I further proved it, by saying no.  Is that clear enough?
Help!  Help!  I'm being censored!

@_date: 1996-12-15 14:33:22
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Chek it out 
It's extremely un-"Kool" to post so many (i.e., more than 0) copies of
this crap.
Why is cypherpunks the dumping ground for every spotty Herbert's "ChEk
Out mY WaY-KoOl RaDiCaL WeBSItE DoOdZ!" ads? :-(

@_date: 1996-12-20 21:11:00
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
I would expect software prices to drop because everybody using the software
   would be paying for it.  I would also expect more kinds of software to become
   available.
What ever happened to charging what the market will bear?  Why would
they voluntarily drop their prices just because the software can't be

@_date: 1997-01-09 21:11:51
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: encryption program 
Cypherpunks, why don't we try to crack his encryption program? It seems
   like a fun exercise.
Well, a few minutes looking at it turned up the following:
* Capitalisation and word lengths are retained in the ciphertext, so
  there's no transposition involved (or he's being sneaky to make it
  look that way :-) )
* The two 'e's in the first word have different ciphertext equivalents,
  so it's not a single-alphabet substitution
* The words "wjq nwcc" occur together twice, 300 characters apart,
  the word "iyn" occurs three times, 375 and 300 characters apart,
  the word "fhw" occurs twice, 1400 characters apart, and
  the word "git" occurs twice, 500 characters apart.  This suggests
  a repeating key of length 5 or 25 characters.
* However, the letter 'r' in "Here" and "encryption" and the letters
  'am' in "example" and "program" occur 25 characters apart and have
  different ciphertext equivalents.  Possibly the key position is
  being incremented when "encrypting" digits and other non-alphabetic
  symbols, so my counts above (only letters) are wrong.
Also, I suspect that in the following ciphertext, EJMDLH.WKN and
ZFIYVZ.XGA are "CONFIG.SYS", KALMF is "FILES" and "ZPKQUST" is
         Pbg qpypmjf EJMDLJ.WKN prbthucy hxzb tbcmsfs iyn bsfijsyey hdokz:
              KALMF=20
          ZPKQUST=20
             Z ixyh ZFIYVZ.XGA crxg ckqm wam wjq nwcc qjt QMUSAXH dsi ei:

@_date: 1997-01-17 06:16:58
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Nature Registration Confirmation 
If you ever forget your password, there's no need to
   re-register. Just e-mail registration with your
   name/e-mail address, and we'll look up your details and confirm
   your password/username.
   Also, please rest assured that your information is treated as
   confidential. It is held on our secure server and will never be
   sold or traded to any other company, organisation or individual.
Unless they write and ask, of course :-)

@_date: 1997-01-19 18:12:17
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: I beg you, PLEASE prove that 0.123456789101112131415 is IRRATIONAL 
>Is it possible to prove that number 0.1234567891011121314151617181920...
    >iz irrational?    Most definately. All you need to do is prove that the set of this number is
   uncountable, ergo is irrational. If you have friend who have done math in real
   analysis they can explain more.
This makes no sense at all.  Presumably "the set of this number" means
the cardinality of the set {1, 2, 3, ...} which is quite obviously
countable!  The definition of countable is that it can be put in one
to one correspondence with exactly this set!
The number is, nevertheless, irrational.  A rational number is one
that can be written as a ratio of two integers (and infinity is _not_
an integer...or any kind of number, for that matter.  Else there would
be no irrational numbers).  Any rational number will end with a
repeating series of digits (which may be 0s, of course).  This number
clearly has no such repeating sequence.
    >Is it REALLY true that there are real numbers that cannot be generated
    >by any algorithm? Some guy said that since the set of algorithms is
    >countable, but the set of real numbers is more than countable, there     >must be some numbers for which there is no algorithms that generate them.
   If you show me an algorythm that calculates the real number TT (=3.14.....)
   I'll give you a Nobel Prize personally!
Some things are too easy.  How about pi = 4(1 - 1/3 + 1/5 - 1/7 + ...)
The prize should probably go to Liebniz, though...
To answer the original question, yes, there are numbers (the vast
majority of numbers, in fact) which cannot be calculated by an
algorithm.  The computable numbers (those which can be generated
algorithmically) are countable (because a universal Turing machine can
emulate any other Turing machine given the appropriate input
(program), you can give each possible algorithm a number corresponding
to the program that implements it.  Such numbers are integers, hence
countable, so the number of algorithms is countable.  Since the real
numbers are not countable, it's obvious that there are real numbers
which are not computable.)
    >But I still do not believe him.
    >
    >Also, is it true that the sequence of digits in e is random because the ONLY
   way to get to the
    >p'th digit is to calculate the p-1'st digits?
    >
   Exactly! This is called recursive definition. To get the p-th set in the
   sequence you need to find p-1 first...
The sequence of digits in e is not random!  You mean the distribution
of digits looks random (is it?).  e is certainly computable, which
implies there is an algorithm that generates successive digits of e
given inputs of 0, 1, 2, 3, ...  I have no idea whether every such
algorithm must generate all preceding digits in doing so.
   >Also, is it the correct definition of a real number:     >
    >``A real number is the class of numbers which can represent the length of
    >an arbitrary line.''
   Well, that is not entirely true... The length of any arbitrary line can be any
   number, rational, natural, etc. Real numbers are the numbers that defy all
   other categorization (they are not rational, irrational, natural, etc.) They
   are complex and despite any instinctual perception, there are a lot of them!
No, the original definition is perfectly good.  Natural numbers are
rational, and rational numbers are real numbers.  Irrational numbers
are also real numbers.  The last sentence is correct, though -- real
numbers are complex numbers (although that's not what you meant, I
think) and there are a lot of them (an infinite number, of course, but
a "bigger" infinity than the countable sets of naturals or rationals).
   -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
   Version: 4.5
What's version 4.5?

@_date: 1997-01-20 02:14:17
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
   > Yes, the Reals can be constructed from the Rationals.  No, the
   > Reals are not a subset of the Rationals.
   An arbitrary Real can be constructed from the Rationals. If we accept the
   proposition, as posed apparently by you and others, of uncountable Reals then
   your 'assumption' fails, otherwise the 'uncountable' members would be
   countable.
There are no "uncountable" numbers -- uncountability is a property of
the set, not an individual member of the set.  The set of reals cannot
be placed in one-to-one correspondence with the integers (strictly,
positive integers, but it amounts to the same thing).
   > Dedekind Cuts are a simple abstraction, often used to construct
   > the Reals from the Rationals in undergraduate calculus courses.
   > Conceptually, one makes a single "cut" in the set of Rationals,
   > dividing it into two parts, all of the members of one part being
   > greater than all of the members of the other.  The number of ways
   > of doing this correspond to the Reals.
   The number of cuts are 1-to-1 with the Reals, they are not the Reals.
   There is no way I can make a cut which is 3.1527, only 1-to-1 with the
   number(s). Important distinction.
Cut the rational numbers into two sets, A containing all the negative
rationals and all those that have squares less than 2, and B
containing all the positive rationals that have squares greater than
2.  There you have a cut which is 1.41421... (i.e., sqrt(2)).  So you
can define irrational numbers from the rationals (an irrational number
is a cut such that the first set (A) has no largest member and the
second set (B) has no smallest member).

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:13:56
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: [Math Noise] (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
   > Yes, the Reals can be constructed from the Rationals.  No, the
   > Reals are not a subset of the Rationals.
   An arbitrary Real can be constructed from the Rationals. If we accept the
   proposition, as posed apparently by you and others, of uncountable Reals then
   your 'assumption' fails, otherwise the 'uncountable' members would be
   countable.
There are no "uncountable" numbers -- uncountability is a property of
the set, not an individual member of the set.  The set of reals cannot
be placed in one-to-one correspondence with the integers (strictly,
positive integers, but it amounts to the same thing).
   > Dedekind Cuts are a simple abstraction, often used to construct
   > the Reals from the Rationals in undergraduate calculus courses.
   > Conceptually, one makes a single "cut" in the set of Rationals,
   > dividing it into two parts, all of the members of one part being
   > greater than all of the members of the other.  The number of ways
   > of doing this correspond to the Reals.
   The number of cuts are 1-to-1 with the Reals, they are not the Reals.
   There is no way I can make a cut which is 3.1527, only 1-to-1 with the
   number(s). Important distinction.
Cut the rational numbers into two sets, A containing all the negative
rationals and all those that have squares less than 2, and B
containing all the positive rationals that have squares greater than
2.  There you have a cut which is 1.41421... (i.e., sqrt(2)).  So you
can define irrational numbers from the rationals (an irrational number
is a cut such that the first set (A) has no largest member and the
second set (B) has no smallest member).

@_date: 1997-03-28 09:46:27
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: spam 
> A while back we discussed on the cp mailing list a spec for a system that
    > provide junk e-mailers for free with a list of (hashed) addresses that
    > should be removed from any mass e-mail lists. Is anyone interested in
    > talking about the technical aspects of such a system?
Is there really anything to talk about?
I just implemented such a thing using SHA1 hashes.  Source code, a
database consisting of my address, and a Linux binary are available
(volunteers to compile other binaries, provide an FTP server, or add
their address(es) are welcome!)
It can add and delete addresses, check whether addresses are blocked,
and filter a list of addresses from stdin.  The database is stored as
a text file with the hexadecimal representation of the hashes written
one per line [actually, the first 0<=n<=5 digits of the hash are
appended to the file name, using multiple files to improve search

@_date: 1997-07-22 00:21:07
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Hashcash for Emacs 
;;; hashcash.el --- Add hashcash payments to email
;; Copyright (C) 1997 Paul E. Foley
;; Maintainer: Paul Foley ;; Keywords: mail, hashcash
;; Released under the GNU General Public License
(defvar hashcash-default-payment 12)
(defvar hashcash-payment-alist nil)
(defvar hashcash "/home/paul/bin/hashcash")
(require 'mail-utils)
(defun hashcash-generate-payment (str val)
  "Generate a hashcash payment by finding a VAL-bit collison on STR."
  (let ((old-buffer (current-buffer))
    (set-buffer hc)
    (erase-buffer)
    (goto-char (point-max))
    (call-process hashcash nil hc nil (concat "-" val) str)
    (goto-char (point-max))
    (re-search-backward "collision: ")
    (forward-char 11)
    (setq pos (point-marker))
    (end-of-line)
    (setq payment (buffer-substring pos (point)))
    (set-buffer old-buffer))
  (concat payment "\n"))
(defun mail-add-payment (arg)
  "Add an X-Payment: header with a hashcash payment for each recipient address
Prefix arg means non-default payment amount.  Also uses hashcash-payment-alist."
  (interactive "P")
  (unwind-protect
      (save-excursion

@_date: 1997-09-27 11:27:01
@_author: Paul Foley 
@_subject: Re: Chutzpah! FBI Calls Privacy Extremists Elitist 
It was pi == 4.0, not 3.0, and was in fact enacted by the General
Assembly of Indiana in 1897.  Don't know when it was repealed.
