
@_date: 1997-12-06 14:21:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Wit Capital Opens Online Brokerage with Free Trading Offer 
Wit Capital Update
December 4, 1997
We're pleased to tell you that Wit Capital's online brokerage service is open and ready to accept your stock orders!
To celebrate the launch of this service, we're making an offer that's hard to beat: open an account by Christmas Day, 1997 and trade FREE* for the entire month of January, 1998.
Our regular fees are only $14.95 per trade for market orders and $19.95 per trade for limit orders. Listed trades over 5,000 shares are subject to a 1-cent per share charge for the entire order in lieu of the above fee.  Using the online brokerage is easy.  Just visit  and click "Trade" from the menu bar at the top of the page.  Then just follow the prompts.
You can buy, sell or sell short NASDAQ, New York or American Stock Exchange stocks.  We accept market, limit, stop, stop limit and many other types of orders. You'll need to have enough funds, securities or margin buying power in your account to cover your transaction before we can accept your order.  Your cash awaiting investment will receive a competitive money market interest rate.
We will soon be adding options and mutual fund trading, as well as a touch-tone service you can use when you're away from your computer.
Remember, to trade FREE* for the entire month of January, you must open an account by December 25, 1997, so do it today!   Just visit  and click "Open Account" from the menu bar on the left-hand side of the page.
*Maximum 25 free trades in January 1998.  Trades must be 250 shares or more to qualify. Member NASD and SIPC

@_date: 1997-12-30 00:57:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Wit Capital Update: Virtual Roadshow Service Launched 
Wit Capital Update
December 29, 1997
Member NASD/SIPC
Wit Capital has launched an exciting new service that will help you learn more about the public offerings on our web site.  For selected Wit Capital offerings, in connection with your review of the prospectus, you'll find "virtual roadshow" presentations available for viewing right on your PC.
A roadshow is the process by which underwriters acquaint investors with the products, people and finances of the company whose stock is to be publicly offered.  Traditionally, only institutional investors are invited to see these presentations, but now you can view them at the click of your mouse.
To view a virtual roadshow, go to the Look at New Issues section of our web site, find the prospectus that interests you and as part of your review of the prospectus, click the button marked View Roadshow.  You'll be asked to download a plug-in called RealPlayer 5.0, for which you'll see easy instructions.
We encourage you to read the complete prospectus for any Wit Capital offering.
