
@_date: 1998-09-23 15:49:32
@_author: News Letter 
@_subject: ConnectFree September 98 Newsletter 
Connect Free					Newsletter 					September 98
Welcome to Connect Free, and thank you for joining our service, we hope you
find our first newsletter informative.
For the avoidance of doubt, Aardvaak is a reseller for FREE Internet access
for Connect Free, if you have signed up to the service through Aardvaak you
are a customer of Connect Free and not Aardvaak, however this is only in
relation to FREE Internet access and not any other service that maybe
available through Aardvaak.

@_date: 1998-10-13 08:44:01
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: No Subject 
Connect FREE Newsletter October 98
Welcome to Connect Free, and thank you for joining our service. We hope you
find our Second Newsletter informative. September's Newsletter can be
viewed on our web site at the bottom of the FREE Internet page.
FreeServe & Dixons
Now we all know that Free Internet access is going to be the norm very
shortly and users of the Internet like yourselves would like to have
several connections to the Internet from different ISP's and of course you
will choose the service that offers the best performance.
With the launch of Dixons Freeserve service some of our users have taken
the decision to have a second account - great idea.
If you decide to use this service alongside your Connect FREE account
please do not use the CD install that Dixons provide - if you do, then you
may just find that your Connect FREE account will no longer work. It is
possible to configure the Freeserve system manually and then you will be
able to use any
account on your system without problem.

@_date: 1998-12-16 16:23:26
@_author: news 
@_subject: No Subject 
Content-Length: 7655
Lines: 192
Connect Free    Newsletter  November/December 98
Connect FREE would like to wish all our customers a Happy Christmas and a
Prosperous New Year
Welcome to Connect Free, and thank you for joining our service, we hope you
find our third newsletter informative. September and Octobers Newsletter
can be viewed on our web site at the bottom of the FREE Internet page.
Connect FREE would like to apologise for Novembers Newsletter not being
sent out. We were waiting for the upgrade to the Connect FREE network to be
completed and the launch of the new services.
