
@_date: 1996-03-07 09:38:00
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: Zona Labs Was: Cambridge [MA] Cops Assault Mother for Photo 
This is only relevant to cypherpunks as it involves child porn hysteria
and abusive cops... Let me start by saying the attached message from
warwick.com is wildly incorrect:
  * Zona film labs employees did not lead the child away until
afterwards. The police grabbed Angeli, beat her, choked her -- while her
child was just a few feet away.
  * The mother flipped when the Cambridge cops said she was going to be
locked up and her child taken away.
  * The lamp was knocked over when the Cambridge cops wrestled her into
the back room.
  * Zona film lab employees willingly participated in this sting
operation and willingly lied to Angeli.
Last week, I went to Angeli's attorney's office and saw the
(unpublished) pictures that the Cambridge cops and Zona thought were
"child porn." They're not "child porn" -- any more than the similar
photos my grandparents have of me and my cousins naked in a bathtub when
we were three years old.
I urge you to check out Bob Chatelle's web site at
 which says what actually happened with the
Angeli case. I've attached an excerpt from his pages below.
Excerpts from internet.cypherpunks: 4-Mar-96 Re: Zona Labs  Was:
Cambrid.. by news    Toni Marie Angeli, for a Harvard photography course, decided to make     her four-year-old son Nico the subject of her final class project, The
   Innocence of a Child's Nudity. After discussing the project with her
   professor, Angeli began her project with a few shots of Nico and made    the fatal mistake of taking her roll of film to Zona Photographic Labs
   on Rogers Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. The Zona owners were      "alarmed" and called the Cambridge police, who went to Zona, looked at
   contact sheets prepared by Zona without Angeli's authorization, and
   decided that the pictures were "gross." Zona and the Cambridge police
   set up a sting operation, requiring Zona employees to lie, so that the
   police could come to Zona and confront her about her "pornography"
   when she came to pick up her negatives. On November 2, Angeli went to
   Zona, accompanied by Nico and by her husband, Luke D'Ancona. An
   altercation ensued when Angeli realized why the police were there.
   Angeli was handcuffed, manhandled into a back room, beaten and choked.
   During the scuffle a lamp was knocked over, and a picture fell off the
   wall. A hollow core door was also damaged when Angeli kicked out as
   she was being escorted to the police van.
   Angeli was never charged with child pornography, but she was charged
   with disorderly conduct, malicious destruction of property under $250,
   and assault and battery with a dangerous weapon. (The police claimed     that Angeli threw the lamp.). Angeli's trial began on January 24,      1996, and a verdict was brought in on January 30. She was acquitted of
   the assault-and-battery charges, but convicted on the two other          counts. The judge sentenced her to pay damages, to 50 hours community
   service, and to 18 months of probation. Angeli refused to sign the       probation contract, stating that she wished to make no admission of
   guilt. The judge then sentenced her to 30 days at MCI Framingham. We    are currently trying to raise money to pay for her appeal.

@_date: 1996-03-07 09:15:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: did this get out? 
Is this getting past news.loc.gov?
   These opinions are my own, not those of the Library of                                              Howard Sanner
                                             hcs
                                             sanner

@_date: 1996-03-10 22:58:44
@_author: http://www.fractals.com 
@_subject: test 
Title: FractalNet Home Page
Robert Uomini
The Fractal Images Company (
Voice: 510-528-0258/800-548-0258
Fax:   510-528-0243
*  Buying or selling a home? Come visit the most comprehensive set of	      *
*  residential real estate listings and related services on the Internet:     *
*  The FractalNet Real Estate Server,  *
X-Fractalimgs-Data-Name: sample.html
X-Fractalimgs-Content-Length: 1255
This is a test of WebReader. This line should appear as text in the font chosen by the user, as defined in the Properties file. A horizontal rule follows:
FractalNet Advertisers
Unordered item Unordered item Unordered item Unordered item Ordered item Ordered item Ordered item Ordered item Ordered item Ordered item Ordered item Ordered item FTP icon
Swearest thou, ungracious boy? Henceforth, ne'er look upon me. There is a devil haunts thee in the likeness of an old, fat man. A tun of man is thy companion. Wherein is he neat and cleanly, but to carve a capon and to eat it? Wherein is he cunning, but in craft? Wherein is he crafty, but in villainy? Wherein is he villainous, but in all things? Wherein is he worthy, but in nothing?
Bob's address
Term 1:
This is the first definition
Term 2:
This is the second definition
Term 3:
This is the third definition

@_date: 1996-03-06 07:20:59
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Test 
Follow up on test...test...test
Live on the edge, push the limits, and go EXTREME...
