
@_date: 1993-08-13 09:18:31
@_author: sic 
@_subject: Re: Spooking of neural nets and image recognition... 
Some idea's are good, other's are abit off base.
  Major points of recognition are: jaw, cranium, nose, eyes, ears, age,
and facial hair. Secondary points include: health, weight, optics, scars,
jaw: presence or lack of beards, highlighting skeletal lines, and hollows
  (aging) with makeup, or cigarette ash, plastic inserts in the cheeks,
  building up areas of the face with liquid latex, or morticians wax.
  (note that some of these techniques can be used on other areas of the
  face).
cranium: hats, sudden changes in hair length/style, wigs (possably with
  padding).
nose: highlighting/latex/wax - as with jaw, inserting a pair of small nuts/
  buttons in the nose (drill for adequate airflow) will give the nose an
  appearence of having a "squashed/flattened" tip. 1/4 inch sections of
  stiff plastic tubing may also work.
eyes: appear "sunken" w/ makup, altering eyebrows can misdirect eyesocket
  shape, pull back (oriental), or buldge out by pulling/gluing skin with
  spirit gum, or liquid latex. change color with tinted contacts.
  (note: sunken = old age, malnutrician, or sickness - pulling skin can
  also highlight cheekbones, etc.)
ears: glue to the side of the head w/ rubber cement, spirit gum, or latex.
  1) younger: very close shave, hot towles, alum, and talcum powder will
    tighten the skin, giving a youthfull appearence.
  2) older: Max Factor hair whitener to grey temples, highlight lines and
    hollows of face (STUDY a stage makeup book, and prectice this before
    trying to fool anyone. Subtlety is the key with any realistic makeup,
    there is a tendency to over do it most of the time. As a rule of thumb
    cosmetic, and theatrical makeup is mostly worthless for disguise, and
    will not stand up to examination at close distances, unless well done,
    subtlely, and with extreme moderation.)
facial hair: presence/absence, drastic changes in length, style and color
  can significantly alter ones appearence. Remember that neural nets, or
  a trained observer is going to be looking for the underlying skeletal
  shape, and building on top of that.
health: depressed eye sockets, hollow cheeks, flush or jaundus (beta-kerotine)
  skin color. contra: exercise/good skin tone. Gaining or loosing weight,
  "sudden tan" type products...
optics: glasses can hide features, and in some cases slightly alter the
  shape of the face. If unusual, they can be used as misdirection for an
  untrained observer (just like buttons, "loud" clothing, etc - as people
  tend to remember the unusual aspects, and not concentrate on usual features.
  Tinted contact lenses can change eye color.
scars: hard to do right - use liquid latex, burns, cuts, etc. Probably best
  avoided, though very memoral to the observer, esp. if on the face.
Misc: teath can be altered w/ iodine(stained), or blocked out with black wax.
  Have different "classes" of clothes (clergy, blue collar, white collar,
"bum", etc - but stay in character. Remember that a construction worker isn't
going to have an accountants hands, or imaculate tools, a bum will probably
have dirt under their fingernails, etc.
  horizontal stripes make you look shorter/fatter, vertical ones taller/
  skinnier. loud clothing, or pollitical buttons, a "funky" hat, etc will
  act as misdirection. skin acn also be bleached. consider: weight,
  muscle tone, stance, gait, etc. hair gell, and a curling iron are your
  friends :-)

@_date: 1993-08-13 09:48:27
@_author: kinda obvious : 
@_subject: Re: Spooking of neural nets and image recognition... 
As to serveilence cameras, is anyone familiar with methods of not getting
photographed in the first place? Some methods I've heard of:
1) spray paint or vasoline on the lens (kinda obvious :)
2) putting a pin or finnishing nail in it's coaxial cable (umbilical if you
  will) - how good of a job of scrabbling the image will this do?
3) mounting a "test pattern" in front of the lens.
4) placing a magnet on the side of the camera (does this work?)
5) timing the pan, and taking advantage of "dead areas" (areas not covered
  for brief periods). Anyone familiar with the general range/resolution
  ratio, and how wide an area will get covered?
  Any other methods?

@_date: 1993-09-03 16:55:17
@_author: paladine press, desert publications, etc. 
@_subject: Re:  Gubment Bombmaker's Cookbook 
Most of the IMH has been typed in and posted on various BBS's - don't
know of a FTP site for it though... IMH was originally a gvmt publication,
and it's been reprinted by several of the R-wing paramilitary publisers
(paladine press, desert publications, etc.) it has a ISBN number, can be
found, and ordered via Books in print, however will be confiscated by
customs at the canadian border as that sort of thing is contraban in
canada - I don't know about england...
  For the address of some of the paramilitary publishers, and reviews of
some of these books get a copy of the rec.pyrotechnics FAQ sheet. This
includes pointers to FTP sites that have some online "bomb books"...
  btw: IMH is considered one of the more acurate, and safer books of this
kind. The anarchist cookbook is generaly considered the most dangerous
book to the prostective "kitchen chemist" in print...
  hope that helps
ps: rec.pyrotechnics has posts of this type of formula all the time, and ANY decent library will have books on explosives. Older High School chem
texts have recipies, and a good encyclopedia wil at least tell you how
to make black powder. police bomb disposal, and pyrotechnics books are
also good sources, as are theatrical special effect books.
  This type of info is widely available to anyone, anywhere! this court
case is obviously pure harrasment.

@_date: 1993-11-15 06:10:29
@_author: bump it, static charge, RF energy, etc 
@_subject: Re:  Destroying data 
NOT!
  Anyone really wanting to try this should hang out on rec.pyrotechnics
for awhile, but for the truely foolhardy here are some tips and thoughts:
1) Thermite is extreamly hard to ignite, so requires an igniter. Most   home made igniters are extreamly unstable (do you really want the thing
  off accidently (bump it, static charge, RF energy, etc)?
2) 50:50 mix of AL and iron oxide will probably work, but best to look up
  a really ballenced % for the best mix. btw: was that by volume or   weight?, there is a slight difference :)
3) in general, the finer the powder, the better. ball mill it if you can.
4) iron oxide has this strainge tendency to hold magnetic charges, do you
  REALLY want that near your HD?
5) for best results, the thermite charge should achive a completly molten
  state before the slag begins it's decent to the target, otherwise it
  waste's part of it's payload. The best homebrew way to do this is by
  making a cylinder of firebrick dust (hard or soft) and high temp epoxy
  (ceramics are also good), with a quarter sixe hole in the bottom. umm
  that's like a cylinder with one end cap'd, maybe 4-8" on diameter.
    cover the hole in the bottom with a thick piece of sheet metal, or
  copper, or something. Attach some sticks, or rebar, etc to form legs
  and offset about 1.5 to 3 inches for better penetration. (probably not
  necessary for electronic equipment)
6) on loading - best done near where you want to use it - alot of moving/
  shaking will tend to make the heavier iron oxide settle to the bottom
  and you won't get as good of a burn.
7) don't tamp it! - it needs that O2 between the flakes of powder.
  Now that you all know more than you really wanted to about thermite,
does anyone know of a good recipe for a magnetic bomb? - you know,
something with abit of oomph! ?
