
@_date: 1993-07-09 15:06:01
@_author: "Nick Papadakis" 
@_subject: Can FBI/NSA break DES? 
a story (over lunch) about a drug case involving a seized PC with DES
encrypted files.  The FBI folks called up "some friends" at NSA, who
were able to decrypt the files.  They couldn't use the info in court
(since that would reveal what the NSA could do), but the information
was valuable to them nonetheless.
at least one interesting detail/inconsistency in the story (he
mentioned that when they got the PC back from NSA they were somehow
able to tell by examining some file-modification times that the
decrypt had taken 12 minutes.  It's not immediately obvious to me why
this would be so.)  The guy who told me the story isn't particularly
technical; neither is he totally non-technical (at one point he told
another story about how difficult it is to explain hexadecimal to a
jury.)  I don't think he would be above a little desinformatsiya.  I
don't see what he would gain from it, other than appearing to be more
technical/powerful/in-the-know than he really is.
P.s. 	The truly funny postscript to this story is that halfway
through the aforementioned lunch with this FBI fellow, I looked down
and realized I was wearing one of the hack LOD T-Shirts.  After I
finished choking on my biriyani, he wanted to know where *he* could
get one ...

@_date: 1993-11-08 12:43:23
@_author: Nick Papadakis 
@_subject: Private and Public -- and Quiet! 
like to see it occur in some other venue, where I can avoid it more
did) because the list was clogged with pointless flaming.  I don't
want to see it happen again, and trying a bit of restriction based on
technical content is one way to do that.
alt.security, extropians, sci.crypt) where you political types can
flame merrily away.  Where can I go for a rest from the flames?  Let
cypherpunks be that place.  I'd like to see only high-quality
technical posts, and occasional well-thought out commentary and
pointers to the political developments elsewhere.
debate becomes controlled by those with nothing better to do than type
first and think later (if ever).  Not that I mean to imply that's what
your doing -- I'm just gun-shy.
P.s.	Some people get very upset if you quote private email
publically without permission.  I'm not one of those people, but I
thought I'd let you know before you actually meet one.
