
@_date: 1998-07-27 04:35:27
@_author: Nina Huupponen 
@_subject: Data Fellows Announces F-Secure Workstation Suite 3.0 
For immediate release
27 July 1998
DATA FELLOWS ANNOUNCES F-SECURE WORKSTATION SUITE 3.0
The World's First Suite Product with Strong Encryption Provides
Corporations with a Complete Security Solution HELSINKI, FINLAND, July 27, 1998  -- Data Fellows, a leading developer of
data security solutions, today announced F-Secure Workstation Suite. The
product provides a reliable and easy-to-manage solution for most data
security concerns of modern corporations. "F-Secure Workstation Suite provides centralized management of most
corporate security aspects," says Mr. Risto Siilasmaa, Chief Executive
Officer of Data Fellows. "It combines world-class protection against
malicious code with unobtrusive file and network encryption. F-Secure
Workstation Suite is easily integrated into the enterprise's management
system. The Suite is also totally unobtrusive for the corporate end-users."
F-Secure Workstation Suite is the only product to combine world-class anti-virus protection with strong encryption for network traffic and files
stored on the hard disk. Competing offerings from Network Associates and
Symantec are not available world-wide with strong encryption. They also
lack the centralized policy based management features announced for
F-Secure Workstation Suite 4.0.
Unparalleled Virus Protection
The components of F-Secure Workstation Suite utilize the absolute latest
technology in the field. Malicious code detection and removal is based on
the F-Secure Anti-Virus product line, the first anti-virus in the world to
use multiple scanning engines simultaneously through its revolutionary
CounterSign architecture. Its detection rates are unparalleled, and
automated updates to the whole network further enhance its reliability.
Real-Time File Encryption and IPsec-Based Network Encryption
F-Secure Workstation Suite is the only suite product currently available to
offer strong encryption all over the world. The product uses an encryption
key length of 128 bits or more. The administrator can choose from supported
algorithms, including RSA, 3DES and Blowfish. All the most widely used
authentication methods are supported.
Should the authorized user forget his/her password, the product also
contains a safe and easy administrative key retrieval function.
"The file encryption component of F-Secure Workstation Suite provides
real-time protection for confidential data. F-Secure FileCrypto
automatically encrypts all open and temporary files. Not only is encryption
completely unobtrusive to the end-user, but it is also extremely secure:
there is no way the user can accidentally store confidential information in
plain text," explains Mr. Siilasmaa.
F-Secure Workstation Suite's network encryption, F-Secure VPN+, is based on
the latest IPsec standards. The F-Secure VPN+ is fully scalable: it
contains three components (Client, Server and Gateway) which can be
combined to build all major types of virtual private networks. These
include connections between organizations and their partners, home offices,
or employees on the road. F-Secure VPN+ is also fully transparent to the
end-user, as it uses IP protocol at the network level, which is invisible
at the application level. The F-Secure Workstation Suite product contains the client component of F-Secure VPN+. The Server and Gateway components are available separately.
The first version of F-Secure Workstation Suite will operate in the
Microsoft Windows NT environment. The product will be available from the
Data Fellows resellers around the world in August 1998. Prices will start
from $68 per seat for a 100-user license. The 4.0 version will be available in early fourth quarter 1998. This
version will be a fully integrated, policy-based security solution, making
it possible to manage data security issues in accordance with the corporate
security policy. The product will be based on a three tier management
architecture with considerable scalability advantages in a large
organization. In addition to Microsoft Windows NT, it will also operate in
the Microsoft Windows 95 and Windows 98 environments. All users of F-Secure Workstation Suite 3.0 will receive a free upgrade to
the 4.0 version as it ships.
Easy-to-Use Management and Scalability
The installation of F-Secure Workstation Suite 4.0 requires no work at the
actual workstation, and no configuration from the end-user after the
installation. The entire corporate system can be managed centrally. Thus
the management of vital security issues is effective but completely
transparent to the end-user. F-Secure Workstation Suite supports the
industry-standard SNMP protocol, integrates with Microsoft Systems
Management Server (SMS) and will include agents for leading enterprise
management products, such as CA Unicenter, IBM Tivoli and HP OpenView.
F-Secure Workstation Suite 4.0 comes bundled with F-Secure Administrator, a
Pure Java based graphical console for managing the security policies for
the whole enterprise network.
About Data Fellows
Data Fellows is one of the world's leading developers of data security
products with offices in San Jose, California and Espoo, Finland. Its
groundbreaking F-Secure product family is a unique combination of globally
available strong encryption and revolutionary anti-virus software. The
integrated F-Secure product range provides complete security solutions for
enterprises of any size. It includes file encryption and IPsec
communication encryption products, VPN gateways, SSH based secure remote
management software, easy-to-use solutions for distributed DNS management,
and a full range of anti-virus products for workstations, servers and
gateways. Data Fellows is also the developer of the award winning F-PROT
Professional anti-virus product, the scanning engine of which is now an
integral part of the multi-engine structure of  F-Secure Anti-Virus.
Data Fellows is privately owned. Since its foundation in 1988, the
company's annual growth in net sales has been 90%. Data Fellows offers a
worldwide network of technical support, training and distribution in over
80 countries. Data Fellows belongs to an elite group of companies with a
triple-A rating from Dun&Bradstreet.
For further information, please contact
Data Fellows Inc.
Mr. Pirkka Palomaki, Product Manager
Tel. +1 408 938 6700, Fax  +1 408 938 6701
E-mail:  Pirkka.Palomaki
Data Fellows Ltd.
Mr. Ari Hypponen, Director of Development				
Tel.  +358 9 859 900, Fax. +358 9 8599 0599
E-Mail:  Ari.Hypponen
or visit our web site at

@_date: 1998-08-03 05:50:11
@_author: Nina Huupponen 
@_subject: Data Fellows introduces F-Secure NameSurfer version 2.0 
For immediate release
3 August 1998
DATA FELLOWS INTRODUCES F-SECURE NAMESURFER VERSION 2.0
Helsinki, Finland, August 3rd, 1998 -- Data Fellows, the global leader in
Internet security solutions, has today announced F-Secure Namesurfer 2.0, a
new version of its DNS (Domain Name System) management tool.  DNS translates host names to IP addresses, which makes it a critical
component of IP-based networks. F-Secure NameSurfer provides network
managers with an easy-to-use Web interface for DNS administration, saving
time and maintenance resources. Its intuitive graphical user interface and
automatic error checking prevent network managers from generating faulty
DNS data. Faulty DNS data can bring down an entire IP network, so accurate
DNS data is essential for reliable and secure intranets and Internet. F-Secure NameSurfer 2.0 has been extensively restructured to achieve
peerless performance, especially in large DNS installations. The new version can prevent a network manager from creating records with IP
addresses that fall outside his own network. Thus, ISPs can grant their
customers permission to change addresses, with the assurance that customers
will stay within their own network zone.
F-Secure NameSurfer provides significant savings in network management. The
intuitive interface reduces the time needed to create DNS configurations.
The configurations can be done remotely and by several network managers
with personal administration rights. Routine tasks can be delegated to
clerical staff. Ultimately, even end-users and ISP customers can manage
their own DNS data, using a Web browser. Prime target customers for F-Secure Name Surfer are telecommunication
operators, Internet Service Providers (ISPs), and other organizations that
need the best tool in the market to manage Internet or intranet security.
NameSurfer users include ISPs (such as US WEST !NTERACT, Concentric Network
Corp., and FUNET - the Finnish University and Research Network), and
international corporations (such as Barclays Bank PLC, Motorola, and
UPM-Kymmene). F-Secure NameSurfer 2.0 will be available from Data Fellows' resellers
around the world in September 1998. The product will be available for all
popular UNIX platforms. Pricing will start at $990. About Data Fellows Data Fellows is one of the world's leading developers of data security
software. The company's ground-breaking F-Secure products provide a unique
combination of globally available strong encryption and revolutionary
anti-virus software. The integrated F-Secure software family provides
complete security solutions for enterprises of any size. It includes file
encryption and IPsec communication encryption products, VPN gateways,
SSH-based secure remote management software, easy-to-use solutions for
distributed DNS management, and a full range of anti-virus products for
workstations, servers and gateways.
Data Fellows is the developer of the award-winning F-PROT Professional
anti-virus product, whose scanning engine is an integral part of the
multiple engine structure of F-Secure Anti-Virus.
Data Fellows has offices in San Jose, California, and Helsinki, Finland. It
maintains a worldwide network of technical support, training and
distribution in over 80 countries. Since the company was founded in 1988, its annual net sales growth has
consistently been over 80%. Data Fellows belongs to an elite group of
companies with a triple-A rating from Dun & Bradstreet. The company is
privately owned. For further information, please contact:  USA: Data Fellows Inc. Mr. Pirkka Palomaki, Product Manager Tel. +1 408 938 6700  Fax +1 408 938 6701 E-mail: Pirkka.Palomaki
Europe: Data Fellows Oy Mr. Jukka Kotovirta, Director of Sales PL 24 FIN-02231 ESPOO Tel. +358 9 859 900 Fax +358 9 8599 0599 E-mail: Jukka.Kotovirta
