
@_date: 1996-10-04 04:12:39
@_author: "Nicolas J. Hammond" 
@_subject: British Labour leader's pager messages intercepted 
The following article appears in the Electronic Telegraph today (Oct 3)
TWO sensitive messages detailing Tony Blair's movements are among a list
of electronic pager notes about the Labour leader and members of the
shadow cabinet intercepted by hackers.
 The list of messages, which
 was shown to The Daily Telegraph, had been read by equipment freely
 available on the Internet for as little as £200. Further investigations
 by the Telegraph show that the vulnerability of pagers could expose
 nearly a million users to blackmail over sexual liaisons, for example,
 as well as robbery, commercial espionage and terrorist attack.
 The
 Blair messages were almost certainly sent to Alastair Campbell, his
 press secretary, and Tim Allan, Campbell's deputy. Many of them give a
 fascinating insight into how Mr Blair and the spin doctors who surround
 him make determined efforts to present Labour favourably in the
 media.
 The intercepts for Sept 14 show how the Labour leader's
 office was bombarded with anxious messages about a front page report in
 the Sunday Times newspaper headlined: "Blair aide tells Labour to
 forget about socialism".
 The transcripts also show how Peter
 Mandelson, one of Mr Blair's closest aides, closely monitors BBC news
 reports. On Sept 16 he sent a message to the leader's office saying
 that a report by one of the BBC's political correspondents, Jon Sopel,
 referred strongly to the strained links between the Labour leadership
 and the unions which had dominated the previous week's TUC
 conference.
 After Mr Blair made a speech to the City of London, a
 message from Hilary Coffman, one of his press aides, anticipated the
 reaction of the newspapers, saying that most papers, except the
 Telegraph and Independent had reported favourably. In fact, the
 Telegraph's headline on the story was: "Blair's
 good times pledge" above a story saying that he was committed to
 rising living standards and prosperity.
 One of the most intriguing
 messages Campbell received from Jonathan Powell, Mr Blair's chief of
 staff, said: "Pls call when you and TB are free. I have a message from
 Mrs T. - Jonathan." Jonathan Powell is the younger brother of Sir
 Charles Powell, who was Lady Thatcher's private secretary at 10 Downing
 Street.
 Scotland Yard said this was the first time
 it had heard that pager messages could be
 intercepted
 Around the time of the call Mr Blair's
office was making a determined effort to scotch reports, allegedly
attributed to Tory spin doctors, that Lady Thatcher found the Labour
leader "creepy". Labour spin doctors were later involved in passing on a
message from Lady Thatcher countering the reports and making clear that
she still "rather admired" Mr Blair's determination to modernise his
 The police, the Home Office and the Department of Trade and
 Industry expressed surprise at the latest telecommunications tapping
 and said that they would investigate if pager-hacking becomes
 widespread.
 "It is an offence under the Wireless Telegraphy and
 Interception of Communications Acts for anyone to receive messages not
 intended for them," a DTI spokesman said. "However, it is not an
 offence to own the equipment, so we need to catch perpetrators in the
 act."
 Scotland Yard said this was the first time it had heard that
 pager messages could be intercepted. The Federation of Communications
 Services has called for the legislation to be changed, making illegal
 the selling or ownership of radio scanners - a market worth an
 estimated £200 million a year to the telecommunications industry.
 An
 investigation published today in What Cellphone explains how hackers
 have used a radio scanner coupled to a cheap electronic decoder and a
 computer running freely available software to receive other people's
 pager messages from anywhere in the country. It is not an offence to
 own either a scanner - they are used by yachtsmen to monitor weather
 forecasts - or the electronic decoder, which is advertised on the
 Internet as a home automation device.
 It is the marrying of radio
 and computer technology that makes pager hacking more of a threat to
 businesses and individuals than eavesdropping on cellphones. If the
 scanner is left connected to a computer, a log of every pager message
 sent by anyone in the country can easily be recorded. This log can then
 be used in a common word processor program and searched for key words,
 such as the names of politicians, celebrities or companies. Details of
 how hackers can send false messages has appeared on the Internet in the
 past few days.
  Other messages seen include
arrangements for sexual liaisons and details of fruit machines that are
 "Hacking into pagers is very easily
 done by anyone with some DIY experience and potentially much more
 damaging than listening in on cellphone calls," said Bob Tomalski,
 editor of What Cellphone. "With cellphones, hackers have to listen to
 the messages as they happen. With pagers they can record a day's
 messages and search through them later."
 Once a message has been
 linked to a particular caller, the software can be set up to search
 specifically for that pager's identification code, which appears at the
 beginning of each pager message. Retail chains use the pager system to
 send details of each store's takings to head office. Messages seen by
 the Telegraph range from "Yesterday takings £659, see you in pub in 10
 minutes" to the precise breakdown of the sales of a big supermarket
 chain.
 Other messages seen include arrangements for sexual liaisons
 and details of fruit machines that are malfunctioning and paying out
 big amounts in pubs. Of particular concern is the revelation that
 hackers have intercepted passwords used to switch off alarm systems
 sent to security guards via the pager network.
 For years, analogue
 cellphones have been known to be vulnerable, culminating in the
 publication of conversations between members of the Royal Family.  But despite
 concerns about the vulnerability of mobile phones, little attention has
 been paid to pagers, which are much easier to tap.
 Mobile telephones
 use several thousand radio frequencies and have a limited range, so the
 eavesdropper must be near the cellphone receiving the call and have
 technical knowledge to track the call. Pagers by contrast, receive
 easily decoded analogue signals based on 25-year-old technology and
 transmitted on only 10 - published - frequencies.
 Because the
 networks do not know where each pager is located, each message is
 beamed across the country, so that a hacker can receive messages
 destined for any of the 900,000 pager users from Penzance to
 Aberdeen.

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:37:53
@_author: "Nicolas J. Hammond" 
@_subject: Re: news item on Atlanta bank 
P. J. Ponder wrote ...
Security First Network Bank officially opened just over one year ago
(they had their one year anniversary this past Thursday).
SFNB actually had been on-line about 4 months before that
(I helped with their security when I was with a different company).
SFNB was the first Internet-only bank.
SFNB is planning on opening some bricks + mortar branches which
means that, technically, AIB's press release may be correct
(only "Internet-only" bank), but it will be a couple of months before AIB is actually on the Internet. According to local newspapers AIB is only available through AT&T's
network - it will be a couple of months before they are on the Internet.

@_date: 1996-10-28 10:07:12
@_author: "Nicolas J. Hammond" 
@_subject: Re: Secure Internet-based Electronic Commerce: The View from Outside the US 
pgut001 wrote ...
1) "...the number of security problems inherent in SMTP are legendary"
Incorrect. SMTP is safe. Some (most?) implementations of SMTP have not been safe.
There is a big distinction between the protocol and its implementation.
2) "C2...now being applied to networked single-user systems over
   multiple windows (which may require different security levels)"
I'm not aware of anyone doing that - doesn't mean it's not happening -
just seems an unusual configuration.
Other than these nits seems a v. thoroughly researched paper.
In general you equare security with cryptography - which is fine - but there are other tools that you need to use in addition to cryptography
to secure a system and network.

@_date: 1996-11-07 05:58:02
@_author: "Nicolas J. Hammond" 
@_subject: Re: HAPPY GUY FAWKES DAY! 
Actually I think it was late on November 4 that the plot was foiled.
Guy (Guido) Fawkes and 11 of this friends had rented a house next to the Houses of Parliament earlier that year and the group spent several months digging a tunnel from the basement of their house to the basement of the HoP.
They moved barrels and barrels of gunpowder into the basement and
left Guy Fawkes there along with a very long fuse on the night of
November 4. The King (James I of England, who was also James VI of Scotland)
was opening Parliament the following day. The plan was for Guy to light
the fuse, escape through the tunnel, and the whole of the HoP would
be blown up. There would be a catholic rebellion and a Catholic (I think
Queen, my memory is failing at this point) monarch installed.
[King Henry VIII had fallen out with the Pope over his many marriages
 (rather ironic as an earlier Pope had declared KH8 "defender of the  faith", a title that is still used by the current Queen, because KH8
 had written many articles defending the Catholic faith) and KH8 had
 helped to start the Church of England. Many loyal catholics wanted to
 return to papist control of religion.]
For some reason (the speculation is either that one of the gang
tipped off a friend who was a Member of Parliament (MP) and therefore expected to be at the opening and told him not to attend
OR that the whole plot was concocted by the King to raise public
support for him (King wasn't too popular at the time)), the plot was foiled.
The Beefeaters (the guards who still wear their traditional uniform)
searched the basement, saw barrels and barrels of gunpowder and a long
fuse. At the end of the fuse was Guy Fawkes. They either did the search
late on November 4, or early in the morning on the fifth.
Guy was tortured for about 2 weeks. They used the water torture and
dismembered a few parts of his anatomy. A same fate met the other
conspirators that were captured alive. Guy's torture lasted about 2 weeks
and then he was hung, drawn and quartered with his head put on the city
walls for many months. He has hung, cut down before he was dead,
drawn (large cuts made in the body with a sharp sword - makes
the quartering easier on the horses) and then quartered (each limb tied
to a strong horse and the horses then sending charging in four opposite
No-one knows why the celebrations started. Some speculate that the King
ordered it to remember how close the rule of monarchy nearly came to an end.
Traditional English celebrations are to have a large bonfire and put a guy (mannequin) on top. Kids would spend weeks making a realistic looking
"guy" and used to (long time ago) put their guy on the streets a couple
of days before asking for "a penny for the guy" to make money.
Fireworks are also normal.
 Please to remember
 The fifth of November
 Gunpowder, treason and plot
 I see no reason
 Why gunpowder treason
 Should ever be forgot
Not quite sure the relevance to cryptography.
I believe that at their "trial", some documents were produced - I doubt they were encrypted.

@_date: 1996-11-19 06:47:28
@_author: "Nicolas J. Hammond" 
@_subject: Re: accutrade 
Mixmaster wrote ...
If, and this is a big if, the account numbers are issued sequentially,
and I know a starting account number (A), then I try account A+1
with the PIN "1234". If it fails then 1 minutes later I try A+2
also with the PIN "1234" and so on. I'm trying 60 accounts/hour, 1440/day.
It shouldn't trip up errors because most programmers only put error counters on each account and we only try each account once.
By laws of probability 1 account in 10000 should have the PIN "1234"
(reality will be different, people choose easy to remember PINs).
Within 4 days I've tried over 5000 accounts and statistically have
a greater than 50% chance that I've got an account number and PIN.

@_date: 1997-01-13 09:02:04
@_author: "Nicolas J. Hammond" 
@_subject: Re: RSA over Rubics cube? 
Pass me another! wrote ...
Am impressed that you were able to do this aged 9, though 9-yrs-olds
have been known to win US regional championships (back in the early 80s).
The mathematics behind the Rubik's cube are fairly complex and involve
set theory. One of the easiest ways to solve the cube is to find
commutators such that A.B.A'.B' can affect a small group.
Choose A and B so that they intersect in that small group.
Solve the cube by solving a small area and then incrementally build on that area until you have your solution. You need 4 "moves" - one
to flip corners, one to move corners, one to flip edges and one to
move edges. They are relatively easy to find if you know what to look for.
There are two "world records" associated with the cube - one is the
fastest time to solve a cube, normally done in competitions, one
is the shortest algorithm in terms of number of moves.
The former makes great TV. Minh Thai of the US won the only
world competition I'm aware of. His average time was 23 seconds.
Problem with competitions is that occasionally you can solve
it very quickly because of the initially pattern and that is why
competitions use averages, typically of at least 3 different timings.
I assume this is your "I beat the world record" claim.
It is common for someone to occasionally solve a cube in under 30 seconds, it is almost impossible to get an average under about 25 seconds.
[The only exception is what magicians Paul Daniels (British will know of him)
and David Copperfield (Americans know of him) have done on their TV shows.
They take a cube in front of a studio audience, throw it up in the air
and it is solved by the time it comes down. No camera tricks involved.
Paul did his in a show around 1981-1982, I saw David's TV show around 1988
but it was a repeat so I don't know when it first aired.]
The other "world record", shortest number of moves, is of much more
interest to mathematicians. God's algorithm (the theoretically minimum
number of moves) is 18 (see article on "Magic Cubology", Scientific American,
either March 81 or July 82). In others words you can, in theory, generate any pattern (or the reverse, solve any pattern) in 18 moves. The shortest actual algorithm used to be 52 moves my
Morwen B. Thistlewaite of England (early 1980s) however I hear that the Dutch Cube Club got this down to below 35 (1992).
Getting closer to God's Algorithm is an interesting exercise in Set Theory and in solving puzzles. It has some relevance to Cryptography,
but not too much.
Difference is in the mathematical basis of the underlying algorithms.
