
@_date: 1998-09-14 19:36:11
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: Predictions: Crime and Criminal Justice in the 21st Century 
Predictions: Crime and Criminal Justice in the 21st Century
1.      The United States will experience a significant economic recession/crisis very close to the turn of the Century.
2.      As the large pool of young people born in the early 1990s become teenagers and young adults, there will be a dramatic increase in violent crime around the year 2005-2010.
3.      America will experience sporadic civil disorders/riots in many of its urban areas during the next 10-15 years -- much of it related to racial/ethnic problems.
4.      Terrorist acts by "fringe"/special issue groups will increase at a significant rate -- becoming a major law enforcement and security problem.
5.      As faith in the criminal justice system declines, there will be a rise in vigilante-based incidents where citizens take the enforcement of crime problems into their own hands.
6.      Much of middle- and upper-class America will take a "retreatist" attitude and move into private high-security communities located in suburban or rural areas. Because of technological advances, many companies and corporations will also move out of the urban environments as well.
7.      Due to many of the predictions listed above, much of law enforcement and security in the 21st Century will become privatized and contractual. Traditional law enforcement agencies will primarily serve urban and rural communities.
8.      Law enforcement will evolve into two major and divergent roles: traditional law enforcement and a more specialized military tactical role to deal with the growing urban violance and terrorist incidents.
9.      Significant violence and unrest will plague our nation's prisons. Major prison riots will become a regular occurrence.
10.     With the decrease of the possibility of major global warfare, the United States military will take on an increased domestic "peace-keeping" role with America's law enforcement

@_date: 1998-09-15 19:40:50
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: Re: Predictions: Crime and Criminal Justice in the 21st Century 
Thank you. My only regret is that I do not have a source. The material was provided by a local LEA from an unnamed "seminar."
Yes. But I suppose like beauty, this is in the eye of the beholder. The victor writes the history books.
I doubt we have long to wait. They know it's coming too.

@_date: 1998-09-15 19:42:04
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: Re: 
No shit. And not just cypherpunks Wonder if it has something to do with our fiendly domestic surveillance post-Toto attachment.
and *none* of them have showed

@_date: 1998-09-15 19:48:58
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: Re: Predictions: Crime and Criminal Justice in the 21st Century 
Um, actually, not _my_ predictions. Source was local LEA, obtained by them from some  nameless seminar. (Sorry. Should have made that point clear earlier.)
See above.  Actually, haven't seen Robocop!

@_date: 1998-09-18 18:46:39
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: Navajo Code Talkers 
The History Channel will broadcast an episode on the role of Navajo Code Talkers in WWII tonight at 8pm EST.

@_date: 1998-09-26 15:14:32
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: The Year 2000 Problem: The Good News and the Bad 
The Year 2000 Problem:
                              The Good News and the Bad
                              The Year 2000 computer glitch has proved surprisingly                               Opportunities as well as dangers lie ahead.
             By Cynthia G. Wagner
             Four years ago, an author named Peter de Jager submitted to THE
             FUTURIST a reprint of an article he had published in a computer magazine.
             Entitled "Doomsday," the article warned of what will happen to the              computers when 2000 rolls around.
             We editors rejected the article because it had already been published in
             another magazine and because it had already found its proper
             audience_computer programmers. We also felt that the "Year 2000
             Problem" was a minor technical glitch that would probably be fixed long
             before the year 2000.
             We were wrong: The Year 2000 Problem (or Y2K) was more serious than
             we thought. Very soon, what seemed like a minor technical problem to
             us_and to most other people at the time_had set off a furor and even
             created a new industry for consultants and programmers.
             Peter de Jager went on to co-write (with Richard Bergeon) a very useful
             book called Managing 00: Surviving the Year 2000 Computing Crisis [see
             box on page 19]. And as the year 2000 approaches, this book has been
             joined by multitudes of books, articles, reports, and Web sites              the problem.
             For our part, the editors of THE FUTURIST are doing penance by
             presenting this overview of the problem and its possible consequences. We
             also will summarize some ideas on how to prepare to cope with it.
             The Problem and What It Will Cost to Fix
             In the early days of computer programming, dates were entered as a
             six-digit configuration: two digits for the month, two digits for the day, and
             two digits for the year, or MMDDYY.
             Now, every date-relevant program in every computer needs to be Y2K
             compliant_that is, able to recognize eight-digit dates with four-digit years as
             opposed to two. Otherwise, the computer will not understand that life              forward after the year "99" rather than magically skipping back in time              "00."
             Experts say that it's not exactly clear what problems non-compliant
             computers will create over the next few years. They may make lots of
             mistakes, such as paroling prisoners years early or sending Gen X'ers
             pension checks many decades too soon. Humans may catch many of the
             computers' mistakes, but most humans are too busy. That's why we have
             computers keeping track of things and telling us what to do, like taking
             expired foods and medicines off the shelf.
             Most sources say it is costing businesses between 50 and $2 a line to fix the
             codes. It may not sound like much, but all told, it will add up to many
             billions of dollars. Chase Manhattan Bank estimates that it will spend              million to $250 million to fix its Y2K problems, and commercial banking              an industry may spend $9 billion or more, according to the Wall Street
             Journal. The U.S. government will need to spend about $30 billion, says              Gartner Group, a market-research firm in Stamford, Connecticut.
             Some organizations will decide to replace the millennium-unready systems
             altogether, perhaps spending more at the outset but avoiding costly              later. The University of Chicago Hospital System, for example, figured it
             would cost $1.5 million to fix the Y2K problem on a patient-accounting
             system that needed to be replaced anyhow, so it decided to buy a new
             software system for $3 million to $7 million.
             Bottom line: We're looking at a repair/replacement bill of up to $600              worldwide by the end of 1999, according to the Gartner Group. That's more
             than the gross national product of Canada.
             Interconnectivity: Passing the Bug
             The Year 2000 Problem affects not only computers (mainframes, minis,
             and micros), but the myriad of microchips embedded in many of our
             products, including airplanes, cars, microwave ovens, etc., points out              authority John Whitehouse, president of ChangeWise, Inc., in              Florida. Furthermore, as he notes in his recent audiobook The Year 2000              Coming: What Do I Do?, the year 2000 is a leap year, a circumstance that
             also will have at least some consequences: Banks, for example, would fail              calculate one day's worth of interest (February 29), which is significant
             when you are dealing with billions of dollars.
             Y2K problems are sometimes deeply embedded in "legacy" programs,
             which are the products of the old programming days. Some such programs
             will begin automatically deleting data that is more than two years old,              Whitehouse. The work you do on programs such as Excel may be at risk
             unless you get upgraded software.
             Even if you don't think you have a big problem with your own computers,
             or if you solve your own Y2K problems, you will still have to deal with
             countless other individuals, businesses, agencies, and governments who              not have solved the problem in their systems. Computers, businesses, and
             governments are highly interconnected today: A problem anywhere has the
             potential for global consequences, and there may be many, many problems
             emerging as 2000 arrives.
             Still, there is a potential bright side:
             "For those who come to understand and accept the issues, for those who
             take decisive action, this can be the opportunity of a lifetime," says
             Whitehouse. "As we approach the most catastrophic event the modern
             world has yet faced, proactive companies can gain a significant strategic
             advantage while others fail. And knowledgeable investors can post
             monumental gains while others lose."
             Getting Rich from the Glitch
             A disaster almost always presents profitable opportunities. The hundreds              billions of dollars spent on fixing the Y2K Problem will wind up in
             somebody's pocket. One pocket could be yours. Expected Y2K winners
             include:
                  Programmers and consultants. Anyone with the technical skills to
                  solve the problem is now in high demand. Y2K guru Peter de Jager
                  identifies a wide variety of consultants ready to provide services,
                  including planning consultants for tools assessment, testing                   contract service consultants to estimate the costs and plan and
                  implement the code redesign, legal consultants, and recovery
                  consultants.                   Information providers, including publishers and Web site
                  developers. The Wall Street Journal, for example, recently sold                   pages of advertising in a special section devoted to companies                   "Year 2000 Solutions" (February 19, 1998). A variety of consultants
                  and subscription-based Y2K assistance can be found on de Jager's
                  Year 2000 Web site (                   Investors. Wherever new businesses bloom, investors are sure to see
                  prospects for fast growth. Unfortunately, it's already late in the                   to invest in Y2K companies: You'd be "buying high," and it's always
                  risky to chase headlines for ideas on short-term speculation. As                   Street Journal writer John R. Dorfman warns about these so-called
                  story stocks, "That's an investment method that has often led                   to grief in the past."                   Lawyers and litigators. Individuals and businesses stand to lose a                   of money and time because of the Y2K Problem; therefore, they will
                  want to sue anybody they consider responsible for creating the
                  problem. If, for example, your life insurance policy is canceled
                  because a computer thinks you're too old, you'll probably want to                   someone.              Worst-Case Scenarios: Chaos and Crashes
             Pundits have warned of potential disasters IF the Year 2000 Problem is              fixed in time. It's not clear how seriously to take them, but these              have been mentioned:
             Food shortages may occur because stores will discard all products that              passed their freshness expiration dates.
             Some patients may die because medicines and lifesaving devices are
             unavailable. Drugs, like foods, have expiration dates and may be              upon the command of non-Y2K-compliant computers. Medical devices
             such as heart defibrillators are programmed to cease functioning if the              for maintenance checks has passed.
             Borrowers could default on loans and mortgages as computers add on a
             century's worth of interest rates. Consumers may find they can't make
             purchases because credit-card verification systems misinterpret              dates. Similarly, there may be a cash crisis as automatic teller machines
             freeze up.
             Stock markets could crash because investors fearing Y2K fiscal chaos may
             take their money out of the markets_perhaps in November or December
             1999_as Y2K impends. On the other hand, the crash might create a golden
             opportunity for investors ready to jump into the market when others run              the hills.
             Crime waves may occur as a general financial crisis creates economic
             hardship and jailed criminals are mistakenly released. One prison has
             already reportedly released criminals prematurely because parole dates              misinterpreted by computers.
             Other problems and inconveniences could include elevators getting stuck
             and airplanes being grounded, as the dates for maintenance checks appear              be missed and computers shut the systems down entirely. Date-sensitive
             computer-controlled security systems may fail, causing factories to shut              bank vaults to lock up. Drivers' licenses could seem to have expired,              it hard for people to rent cars. Voter registration records may be              creating havoc for the 2000 U.S. presidential and congressional              What Should We Do?
             To get started in solving your Y2K problems, John Whitehouse of
             ChangeWise recommends building a "systems inventory." Analyze your
             computer dependency_what do you use to get through the day, what
             outside systems do you depend on? What alternative sources of goods and
             services are there?
             Similar procedures need to be done at home and at work; specifically,
             Whitehouse suggests:
             Individuals and family heads should check out personal items that contain
             computer chips. Examples include heating and air conditioning systems,
             home-security systems, telephone-answering machines, TVs, VCRs, cell
             phones, cars. And of course, your home PC: The operating system itself
             may not work.
             Now test the devices. Enter 2000 in your VCR, or change the system date
             on your PC (after backing up the data). Send letters to manufacturers to              if their systems are Y2K compliant. Record on inventories where you still
             have risks, and develop a course of action, such as identifying              providers.
             You should also check software such as Access 95, Excel, personal
             schedulers, financial programs like Quicken or Money, communications
             software, etc. And remember that you could experience problems with
             outside services you use: the phone company, utilities, supermarkets,              gas stations, airports.
             "Forget flying to see Grandma on January 1, 2000," warns Whitehouse.
             "Two major airlines have already said they won't be flying." And the
             Federal Aviation Administration has admitted it will be late in meeting              compliance.
             If you are an investor, your money is in places you can't control, so you
             should inventory all your assets (equity, debt, and fixed tangible).              with the companies to find out their Y2K status and record the results.
             Perhaps less than half of U.S. companies have begun addressing the
             problem, and movement is lagging even farther in other countries,
             particularly Third World companies.
             One worry is that there may be runs on banks when people fear the Y2K
             impacts. Whitehouse goes so far as to suggest that investors begin              with fixed tangible assets: "Buy some gold and silver." Businesses should              up an organizational task force to address the issue, including managers
             from each area of the enterprise. "Problem ownership" should lie with the
             chief financial officer because of the many financial and legal              The task force should consider questions like cost, impacts on daily
             activities, competitors' actions, opportunities, effects on stock prices,              The CFO might ask how the company will be affected, where the money
             will come from to fix it, how cash flow will be impacted, and how
             customers will be impacted. Sales managers might ask what new products
             can be offered. Human-resources directors might ask whether new skills              be needed and whether the firm's best people will leave. The U.S.
             government, for example, is already concerned about a "brain drain" of
             technology experts leaving the Internal Revenue Service and the Pentagon.
             Each division must then do a systems inventory, find alternatives to              and programs that are not compliant, test those alternatives, and affirm              all trading partners are compliant. "This will enable you to succeed              your competitors will fail," reassures Whitehouse. De Jager and Bergeon,
             authors of Managing 00, emphasize the need to test applications for their
             ability to handle the year 2000, but recognize that time is running short              that workloads for the reprogrammers are already overwhelming. They
             recommend giving priority to the applications that are most required for
             your survival, followed by those that give you a competitive edge.
             "Only you can determine whether you will allow yourself to be 'forced'              to test," write de Jager and Bergeon. "Forgoing testing is never              but in the real world, it happens."
             Learning from Y2K
             The lesson of the Year 2000 Problem is obvious: Most of the problems we
             face in the present are the result of someone (or everyone) in the past              to think about the future. Y2K is a problem basically because mainframe
             computer programmers paid little attention to the long-term future. While
             saving money by using two-digit codes to enter years instead of four
             (computer memory was expensive in those days), either they never thought
             their programs would still be in use by the year 2000 or they never              that computers, unlike fuzzy-thinking humans, would literally interpret              as having only two digits.
             We can smugly congratulate ourselves for being smarter than our
             technologies, but meanwhile, technology is biting us back.
             About the Author
             Cynthia G. Wagner is managing editor of THE FUTURIST.
             (c) 1998 World Future Society

@_date: 1998-09-26 15:15:02
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: The Year 2000: Social Chaos or Social Transformation? 
The Year 2000: Social Chaos or Social
                                 Transformation?                     by John L. Petersen, Margaret Wheatley, Myron Kellner-Rogers                     version in PDF (Adobe Acrobat)       Download Acrobat Editor's Note:  This is a draft of an article scheduled for publication in the October 1998 issue of THE FUTURIST.  Due to the
time-sensitive nature of the material, it was posted here to create greater awareness of the issue as well as elicit comments and questions
before final publication. Please send your comments and questions to the authors at johnp and the editors at
cwagner .
     The Millenial sun will first rise over human civilization in the independent republic of Kiribati, a group of some thirty low
     lying coral islands in the Pacific Ocean that straddle the equator and the International Date Line, halfway between Hawaii and
     Australia. This long awaited sunrise marks the dawn of the year 2000, and quite possibly, the onset of unheralded disruptions
     in life as we know it in many parts of the globe. Kiribati's 81,000 Micronesians may observe nothing different about this
     dawn; they only received TV in 1989. However, for those who live in a world that relies on satellites, air, rail and ground
     transportation, manufacturing plants, electricity, heat, telephones, or TV, when the calendar clicks from '99 to '00, we will
     experience a true millennial shift. As the sun moves westward on January 1, 2000, as the date shifts silently within millions
     of computerized systems, we will begin to experience our computer-dependent world in an entirely new way. We will finally
     see the extent of the networked and interdependent processes we have created. At the stroke of midnight, the new millenium
     heralds the greatest challenge to modern society we have yet to face as a planetary community. Whether we experience this as
     chaos or social transformation will be influenced by what we do immediately.      We are describing the year 2000 problem, known as Y2K (K signifying 1000.) Nicknamed at first "The Millennial Bug,"
     increasing sensitivity to the magnitude of the impending crisis has escalated it to "The Millennial Bomb." The problem
     begins as a simple technical error. Large mainframe computers more than ten years old were not programmed to handle a
     four digit year. Sitting here now, on the threshold of the year 2000, it seems incomprehensible that computer programmers
     and microchip designers didn't plan for it. But when these billions of lines of computer code were being written, computer
     memory was very expensive. Remember when a computer only had 16 kilobytes of RAM? To save storage space, most
     programmers allocated only two digits to a year. 1993 is '93' in data files, 1917 is '17.' These two-digit dates exist on millions
     of files used as input to millions of applications. (The era in which this code was written was described by one programming
     veteran as "the Wild West." Programmers did whatever was required to get a product up and working; no one even thought
     about standards.)      The same thing happened in the production of microchips as recently as three years ago. Microprocessors and other
     integrated circuits are often just sophisticated calculators that count and do math. They count many things: fractions of
     seconds, days, inches, pounds, degrees, lumens, etc. Many chips that had a time function designed into them were only
     structured for this century. And when the date goes from '99 to '00 both they and the legacy software that has not been fixed
     will think it is still the 20th century -- not 2000, but 1900.      Peter de Jager, who has been actively studying the problem and its implications since 1991, explains the computer math
     calculation: "I was born in 1955. If I ask the computer to calculate how old I am today, it subtracts 55 from 98 and announces
     that I'm 43. . . But what happens in the year 2000? The computer will subtract 55 from 00 and will state that I am minus 55
     years old. This error will affect any calculation that produces or uses time spans. . . If you want to sort by date (e.g., 1965,
     1905, 1966), the resulting sequence would be 1905, 1965, 1966. However, if you add in a date record such as 2015, the
     computer, which reads only the last two digits of the date, sees 05, 15, 65, 66 and sorts them incorrectly. These are just two
     types of calculations that are going to produce garbage."1
     The calculation problem explains why the computer system at Marks & Spencer department store in London recently
     destroyed tons of food during the process of doing a long term forecast. The computer read 2002 as 1902. Instead of four more
     years of shelf life, the computer calculated that this food was ninety-six years old. It ordered it thrown out.2
     A similar problem happened recently in the U.S. at the warehouse of a freeze dried food manufacturer. But Y2K is not about
     wasting good food. Date calculations affect millions more systems than those that deal with inventories, interest rates, or
     insurance policies. Every major aspect of our modern infrastructure has systems and equipment that rely on such
     calculations to perform their functions. We are dependent on computerized systems that contain date functions to effectively
     manage defense, transportation, power generation, manufacturing, telecommunications, finance, government, education,
     healthcare. The list is longer, but the picture is clear. We have created a world whose efficient functioning in all but the
     poorest and remotest areas is dependent on computers. It doesn't matter whether you personally use a computer, or that most
     people around the world don't even have telephones. The world's economic and political infrastructures rely on computers.
     And not isolated computers. We have created dense networks of reliance around the globe. We are networked together for
     economic and political purposes. Whatever happens in one part of the network has an impact on other parts of the network.
     We have created not only a computer-dependent society, but an interdependent planet.      We already have frequent experiences with how fragile these systems are, and how failure cascades through a networked
     system. While each of these systems relies on millions of lines of code that detail the required processing, they handle their
     routines in serial fashion. Any next step depends on the preceding step. This serial nature makes systems, no matter their
     size, vulnerable to even the slightest problem anywhere in the system. In 1990, ATT's long distance system experienced
     repeated failures. At that time, it took two million lines of computer code to keep the system operational. But these millions of
     lines of code were brought down by just three lines of faulty code.
     And these systems are lean; redundancies are eliminated in the name of efficiency. This leanness also makes the system
     highly vulnerable. In May of this year, 90% of all pagers in the U.S. crashed for a day or longer because of the failure of one
     satellite. Late in 1997, the Internet could not deliver email to the appropriate addresses because bad information from their
     one and only central source corrupted their servers.      Compounding the fragility of these systems is the fact that we can't see the extent of our interconnectedness. The networks
     that make modern life possible are masked by the technology. We only see the interdependencies when the relationships are
     disrupted -- when a problem develops elsewhere and we notice that we too are having problems. When Asian markets failed
     last year, most U.S. businesses denied it would have much of an impact on our economy. Only recently have we felt the extent
     to which Asian economic woes affect us directly. Failure in one part of a system always exposes the levels of
     interconnectedness that otherwise go unnoticed-we suddenly see how our fates are linked together. We see how much we
     are participating with one another, sustaining one another.      Modern business is completely reliant on networks. Companies have vendors, suppliers, customers, outsourcers (all, of
     course, managed by computerized data bases.) For Y2K, these highly networked ways of doing business create a terrifying
     scenario. The networks mean that no one system can protect itself from Y2K failures by just attending to its own internal
     systems. General Motors, which has been working with extraordinary focus and diligence to bring their manufacturing plants
     up to Year 2000 compliance, (based on their assessment that they were facing catastrophe,) has 100,000 suppliers worldwide.
     Bringing their internal systems into compliance seems nearly impossible, but what then do they do with all those vendors who
     supply parts? GM experiences production stoppages whenever one key supplier goes on strike. What is the potential number
     of delays and shutdowns possible among 100,000 suppliers?      The nature of systems and our history with them paints a chilling picture of the Year 2000. We do not know the extent of the
     failures, or how we will be affected by them. But we do know with great certainty that as computers around the globe respond
     or fail when their calendars record 2000, we will see clearly the extent of our interdependence. We will see the ways in which
     we have woven the modern world together through our technology. What, me worry?      Until quite recently, it's been difficult to interest most people in the Year 2000 problem. Those who are publicizing the
     problem (the Worldwide Web is the source of the most extensive information on Y2K,) exclaim about the general lack of
     awareness, or even the deliberate blindness that greets them. In our own investigation among many varieties of organizations
     and citizens, we've noted two general categories of response. In the first category, people acknowledge the problem but view it
     as restricted to a small number of businesses, or a limited number of consequences. People believe that Y2K affects only a few
     industries-primarily finance and insurance-seemingly because they deal with dates on policies and accounts. Others note
     that their organization is affected by Y2K, but still view it as a well-circumscribed issue that is being addressed by their
     information technology department. What's common to these comments is that people hold Y2K as a narrowly-focused,
     bounded problem. They seem oblivious to the networks in which they participate, or to the systems and interconnections of
     modern life.      The second category of reactions reveals the great collective faith in technology and science. People describe Y2K as a
     technical problem, and then enthusiastically state that human ingenuity and genius always finds a way to solve these type of
     problems. Ecologist David Orr has noted that one of the fundamental beliefs of our time is that technology can be trusted to
     solve any problem it creates.3 If a software engineer goes on TV claiming to have created a program that can correct all
     systems, he is believed. After all, he's just what we've been expecting.      And then there is the uniqueness of the Year 2000 problem. At no other time in history have we been forced to deal with a
     deadline that is absolutely non-negotiable. In the past, we could always hope for a last minute deal, or rely on round-the-clock
     bargaining, or pray for an eleventh hour savior. We have never had to stare into the future knowing the precise date when the
     crisis would materialize. In a bizarre fashion, the inevitability of this confrontation seems to add to people's denial of it. They
     know the date when the extent of the problem will surface, and choose not to worry about it until then.      However, this denial is quickly dissipating. Information on Y2K is expanding exponentially, matched by an escalation in
     adjectives used to describe it. More public figures are speaking out. This is critically important. With each calendar tick of
     this time, alternatives diminish and potential problems grow. We must develop strategies for preparing ourselves at all levels
     to deal with whatever Y2K presents to us with the millennium dawn.      What we know about Y2K           a technological problem that cannot be solved by technology           the first-ever, non-negotiable deadline           a systemic crisis that no one can solve alone           a crisis that transcends boundaries and hierarchies           an opportunity to evoke greater capacity from individuals and organizations           an opportunity to simplify and redesign major systems                           Figure 1 The Y2K problem, really      We'd like to describe in greater detail the extent of Y2K. As a global network of interrelated consequences, it begins at the
     center with the technical problem, legacy computer codes and embedded microchips. (see Figure One) For the last thirty
     years thousands of programmers have been writing billions of lines of software code for the computers on which the world's
     economy and society now depend. Y2K reporter Ed Meagher describes "old, undocumented code written in over 2500 different
     computer languages and executed on thousands of different hardware platforms being controlled by hundreds of different
     operating systems . . . [that generate] further complexity in the form of billions of six character date fields stored in millions
     of databases that are used in calculations."4 The Gartner Group, a computer-industry research group, estimates that
     globally, 180 billion lines of software code will have to be screened.5 Peter de Jager notes that it is not unusual for a company
     to have more than 100,000,000 lines of code--the IRS, for instance, has at least eighty million lines. The Social Security
     Administration began working on its thirty million lines of code in 1991. After five years of work, in June, 1996, four
     hundred programmers had fixed only six million lines. The IRS has 88,000 programs on 80 mainframe computers to debug.
     By the end of last year they had cleaned up 2,000 programs.6 Capers Jones, head of Software Productivity Research, a firm
     that tracks programmer productivity, estimates that finding, fixing and testing all Y2K-affected software would require over
     700,000 person-years.7 Programmers have been brought out of retirement and are receiving extraordinary wages and
     benefits to stick with this problem, but we are out of time. There aren't nearly enough programmers nor hours remaining
     before January 1, 2000.      Also at the center of this technical time bomb are the embedded microprocessors. There are somewhat over a billion of these
     hardware chips located in systems worldwide. They sustain the world's manufacturing and engineering base. They exist in
     traffic lights, elevators, water, gas, and electricity control systems. They're in medical equipment and military and navigation
     systems. America's air traffic control system is dependent upon them. They're located in the track beds of railroad systems
     and in the satellites that circle the earth. Global telecommunications are heavily dependent on them. Modern cars contain
     about two dozen microprocessors. The average American comes in contact with seventy microprocessors before noon every
     day. Many of these chips aren't date sensitive, but a great number are, and engineers looking at long ago installed systems
     don't know for sure which is which. To complicate things further, not all chips behave the same. Recent tests have shown that
     two chips of the same model installed in two different computers but performing the same function are not equally sensitive to
     the year-end problem. One shuts down and the other doesn't.      It is impossible to locate all of these chips in the remaining months, nor can we replace all those that are identified. Those
     more than three years old are obsolete and are probably not available in the marketplace. The solution in those cases is to
     redesign and remanufacture that part of the system -- which often makes starting over with new equipment the best option.
     That is why some companies are junking their computer systems and spending millions, even hundreds of millions, to replace
     everything. It at least ensures that their internal systems work.      At issue is time, people, money, and the nature of systems. These technical problems are exacerbated by government and
     business leaders who haven't yet fully understood the potential significance of this issue for their own companies, to say
     nothing of the greater economic implications. The U.S. leads all other developed nations in addressing this issue, minimally
     by six to nine months. Yet in a recent survey of American corporate chief information officers, 70% of them expressed the
     belief that even their companies would not be completely prepared for Y2K. Additionally, 50% of them acknowledged that they
     would not fly during January 2000. If America is the global leader in Y2K efforts, these CIO comments are indeed sobering.      The economic impacts for the global economy are enormous and unknown. The Gartner Group projects that the total cost of
     dealing with Y2K worldwide will be somewhere between $300 billion to $600 billion -- and these are only direct costs
     associated with trying to remedy the problem. (These estimates keep rising every quarter now.) The Office of Management
     and Budget (OMB), in a recently released Quarterly Report, estimated total government Y2K expense at $3.9 billion. This
     figure was based only on federal agency estimates; the OMB warned that this estimate might be as much as 90% too low
     considering the increasing labor shortage and expected growing remediation costs as January 1, 2000 looms nearer. And in
     June of this year, it was announced that federal agencies had already spent five billion dollars. Of twenty-four agencies,
     fifteen reported being behind schedule.      These numbers don't consider the loss of output caused by diverting resources to forestall this crisis. In more and more
     businesses, expenditures for R&D and modernization are being diverted to Y2K budgets. Business Week in March of 1998
     estimated that the Year 2000 economic damage alone would be $119 billion. When potential lawsuits and secondary effects
     are added to this -- people suing over everything from stalled elevators to malfunctioning nuclear power plants -- the cost
     easily could be over $1 trillion.      But these problems and estimates don't begin to account for the potential impact of Y2K. The larger significance of this bomb
     becomes apparent when we consider the next circle of the global network-- the organizational relationships that technology
     makes possible. Who works with whom?      The global economy is dependent upon computers both directly and indirectly. Whether it's your PC at home, the workstation
     on a local area network, or the GPS or mobile telephone that you carry, all are integral parts of larger networks where
     computers are directly connected together. As we've learned, failure in a single component can crash the whole system; that
     system could be an automobile, a train, an aircraft, an electric power plant, a bank, a government agency, a stock exchange, an
     international telephone system, the air traffic control system. If every possible date-sensitive hardware and software bug
     hasn't been fixed in a larger system, just one programming glitch or one isolated chip potentially can bring down the whole
     thing.      While there isn't enough time or technical people to solve the Y2K problem before the end of next year, we might hope that
     critical aspects of our infrastructure are tackling this problem with extreme diligence. But this isn't true. America's electric
     power industry is in danger of massive failures, as described in Business Week's February '98 cover story on Y2K. They
     report that "electric utilities are only now becoming aware that programmable controllers -- which have replaced mechanical
     relays in virtually all electricity-generating plants and control rooms -- may behave badly or even freeze up when 2000
     arrives. Many utilities are just getting a handle on the problem." It's not only nuclear power plants that are the source of
     concern, although problems there are scary enough. In one Year 2000 test, notes Jared S.Wermiel, leader of the Y2K effort
     at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the security computer at a nuclear power plant failed by opening vital areas that are
     normally locked. Given the complexity and the need to test, "it wouldn't surprise me if certain plants find that they are not
     Year 2000-ready and have to shut down."8      Other electric utility analysts paint a bleaker picture. Rick Cowles, who reports on the electric utility industry, said at the
     end of February: "Not one electric company [that he had talked to] has started a serious remediation effort on its embedded
     controls. Not one. Yes, there's been some testing going on, and a few pilot projects here and there, but for the most part it is
     still business-as-usual, as if there were 97 months to go, not 97 weeks.9 After attending one industry trade show, Cowle
     stated that, "Based on what I learned at DistribuTECH '98, I am convinced there is a 100% chance that a major portion of the
     domestic electrical infrastructure will be lost as a result of the Year 2000 computer and embedded systems problem. The
     industry is fiddling whilst the infrastructure burns." 10
     The Federal Aviation Administration is also very vulnerable but quite optimistic. "We're on one hand working to get those
     computers Year 2000 compliant, but at the same time we're working on replacing those computers," said Paul Takemoto, a
     spokesman for the FAA in early '98. At the twenty Air Route Traffic Control Centers, there is a host computer and a backup
     system. All forty of these machines --mid-'80s vintage IBM 3083 mainframes--are affected. And then there are the satellites
     with embedded chips, individual systems in each airplane, and air traffic control systems around the globe. Lufthansa already
     has announced it will not fly its aircraft during the first days of 2000. Who else is affected?      But the interdependency problem extends far beyond single businesses, or even entire industries. Indirect relationships
     extend like tentacles into many other networks, creating the potential for massive disruptions of service.      Let's hope that your work organization spends a great deal of money and time to get its entire information system compliant.
     You know yours is going to function. But on the second of January 2000 the phone calls start. It's your banker. "There's
     been a problem," he says. They've lost access to your account information and until they solve the problem and get the backup
     loaded on the new system, they are unable to process your payroll. "We don't have any idea how long it will take," the
     president says.      Then someone tells you that on the news there's a story that that the whole IRS is down and that they can neither accept nor
     process tax information. Social Security, Federal Housing, Welfare-none of these agencies are capable of issuing checks
     for the foreseeable future. Major airlines aren't flying, waiting to see if there is still integrity in the air traffic control
     system. And manufacturing across the country is screeching to a halt because of failures in their supply chain. (After years
     of developing just in time (JIT) systems, there is no inventory on hand-suppliers have been required to deliver parts as
     needed. There is no slack in these systems to tolerate even minor delivery problems.) Ground and rail transport have been
     disrupted, and food shortages appear within three to six days in major metropolises. Hospitals, dealing with the failure of
     medical equipment, and the loss of shipments of medicine, are forced to deny non-essential treatment, and in some cases are
     providing essential care in pre-technical ways.      It's a rolling wave of interdependent failures. And it reaches across the country and the world to touch people who, in most
     cases, didn't know they were linked to others. Depending on what systems fail, very few but strategically placed failures would
     initiate a major economic cascade. Just problems with power companies and phone systems alone would cause real havoc.
     (This spring, a problem in ATT rendered all credit card machines useless for a day. How much revenue was lost by
     businesses?) If only twenty percent of businesses and government agencies crash at the same time, major failures would
     ensue.      In an interdependent system, solving most of the problem is no solution. As Y2K reporter Ed Meagher describes:           It is not enough to solve simply "most of these problems." The integration of these systems requires that we
          solve virtually all of them. Our ability as an economy and as a society to deal with disruptions and breakdowns
          in our critical systems is minuscule. Our worst case scenarios have never envisioned multiple, parallel
          systemic failures. Just in time inventory has led to just in time provisioning. Costs have been squeezed out of
          all of our critical infrastructure systems repeatedly over time based on the ubiquity and reliability of these
          integrated systems. The human factor, found costly, slow, and less reliable has been purged over time from our
          systems. Single, simple failures can be dealt with; complex, multiple failures have been considered too remote
          a possibility and therefore too expensive to plan for. 11      The city of New York began to understand this last September. The governor of New York State banned all nonessential IT
     projects to minimize the disruption caused by the year 2000 bomb after reading a detailed report that forecasts the
     millennium will throw New York City into chaos, with power supplies, schools, hospitals, transport, and the finance sector
     likely to suffer severe disruption. Compounding the city's Y2K risks is the recent departure of the head of its year 2000
     project to a job in the private sector.12      But of course the anticipated problems extend far beyond U.S. shores. In February, the Bangkok Post reported that Phillip
     Dodd, a Unysis Y2K expert, expects that upward of 70% of the businesses in Asia will fail outright or experience severe
     hardship because of Y2K. The Central Intelligence Agency supports this with their own analysis: "We're concerned about
     the potential disruption of power grids, telecommunications and banking services, among other possible fallout, especially in
     countries already torn by political tensions."13      A growing number of assessments of this kind have led Dr. Edward Yardeni, the chief economist of Deutsche Morgan
     Grenfell, to keep raising the probability of a deep global recession in 2000-2001 as the result of Y2K. His present estimate of
     the potential for such a recession now hovers at about 70%, up from 40% at the end of 1997.14 How might we respond? (To be continued...)

@_date: 1998-09-26 15:15:31
@_author: nnburk 
@_subject: The Year 2000: Social Chaos or Social Transformation? (Part 2) 
How might we respond?      As individuals, nations, and as a global society, do we have a choice as to how we might respond to Y2K, however problems
     materialize? The question of alternative social responses lies at the outer edges of the interlocking circles of technology and
     system relationships. At present, potential societal reactions receive almost no attention. But we firmly believe that it is the
     central most important place to focus public attention and individual ingenuity. Y2K is a technology-induced problem, but it
     will not and cannot be solved by technology. It creates societal problems that can only be solved by humans. We must begin
     to address potential social responses. We need to be engaged in this discourse within our organizations, our communities,
     and across the traditional boundaries of competition and national borders. Without such planning, we will slide into the Year
     2000 as hapless victims of our technology.      Even where there is some recognition of the potential disruptions or chaos that Y2K might create, there's a powerful dynamic
     of secrecy preventing us from engaging in these conversations. Leaders don't want to panic their citizens. Employees don't
     want to panic their bosses. Corporations don't want to panic investors. Lawyers don't want their clients to confess to anything.
     But as psychotherapist and information systems consultant Dr. Douglass Carmichael has written:           Those who want to hush the problem ("Don't talk about it, people will panic", and "We don't know for sure.")
          are having three effects. First, they are preventing a more rigorous investigation of the extent of the problem.
          Second, they are slowing down the awareness of the intensity of the problem as currently understood and the
          urgency of the need for solutions, given the current assessment of the risks. Third, they are making almost
          certain a higher degree of ultimate panic, in anger, under conditions of shock.15      Haven't we yet learned the consequences of secrecy? When people are kept in the dark, or fed misleading information, their
     confidence in leaders quickly erodes. In the absence of real information, people fill the information vacuum with rumors and
     fear. And whenever we feel excluded, we have no choice but to withdraw and focus on self-protective measures. As the veil of
     secrecy thickens, the capacity for public discourse and shared participation in solution-finding disappears. People no longer
     believe anything or anybody-we become unavailable, distrusting and focused only on self-preservation. Our history with the
     problems created by secrecy has led CEO Norman Augustine to advise leaders in crisis to: "Tell the truth and tell it fast."16      Behaviors induced by secrecy are not the only human responses available. Time and again we observe a much more positive
     human response during times of crisis. When an earthquake strikes, or a bomb goes off, or a flood or fire destroys a
     community, people respond with astonishing capacity and effectiveness. They use any available materials to save and rescue,
     they perform acts of pure altruism, they open their homes to one another, they finally learn who their neighbors are. We've
     interviewed many people who participated in the aftermath of a disaster, and as they report on their experiences, it is clear
     that their participation changed their lives. They discovered new capacities in themselves and in their communities. They
     exceeded all expectations. They were surrounded by feats of caring and courage. They contributed to getting systems restored
     with a speed that defied all estimates.      When chaos strikes, there's simply no time for secrecy; leaders have no choice but to engage every willing soul. And the field
     for improvisation is wide open-no emergency preparedness drill ever prepares people for what they actually end up doing.
     Individual initiative and involvement are essential. Yet surprisingly, in the midst of conditions of devastation and fear, people
     report how good they feel about themselves and their colleagues. These crisis experiences are memorable because the best of
     us becomes visible and available. We've observed this in America, and in Bangladesh, where the poorest of the poor
     responded to the needs of their most destitute neighbors rather than accepting relief for themselves.      What we know about people in crisis           shared purpose and meaning brings people together           people display unparalleled levels of creativity and resourcefulness           people want to help others - individual agendas fade immediately           people learn instantly and respond at lightning speed           the more information people get, the smarter their responses           leadership behaviors (not roles) appear everywhere, as needed           people experiment constantly to find what works Who might we become?      As we sit staring into the unknown dimensions of a global crisis whose timing is non-negotiable, what responses are available
     to us as a human community? An effective way to explore this question is to develop potential scenarios of possible social
     behaviors. Scenario planning is an increasingly accepted technique for identifying the spectrum of possible futures that are
     most important to an organization or society. In selecting among many possible futures, it is most useful to look at those that
     account for the greatest uncertainty and the greatest impact. For Y2K, David Isenberg, (a former AT&T telecommunications
     expert, now at Isen.Com) has identified the two variables which seem obvious - the range of technical failures from isolated to
     multiple, and the potential social responses, from chaos to coherence. Both variables are critical and uncertain and are
     arrayed as a pair of crossing axes, as shown in Figure 2. When displayed in this way, four different general futures emerge.
     In the upper left quadrant, if technical failures are isolated and society doesn't respond to those, nothing of significance will
     happen. Isenberg labels this the "Official Future" because it reflects present behavior on the part of leaders and
     organizations.                                Figure 2.
     The upper right quadrant describes a time where technical failures are still isolated, but the public responds to these with
     panic, perhaps fanned by the media or by stonewalling leaders. Termed "A Whiff of Smoke," the situation is analogous to the
     panic caused in a theater by someone who smells smoke and spreads an alarm, even though it is discovered that there is no
     fire. This world could evolve from a press report that fans the flames of panic over what starts as a minor credit card glitch
     (for example), and, fueled by rumors turns nothing into a major social problem with runs on banks, etc.      The lower quadrants describe far more negative scenarios. "Millennial Apocalypse" presumes large-scale technical failure
     coupled with social breakdown as the organizational, political and economic systems come apart. The lower left quadrant,
     "Human Spirit" posits a society that, in the face of clear adversity, calls on each of us to collaborate in solving the problems of
     breakdown.
     Since essentially we are out of time and resources for preventing widespread Y2K failures, a growing number of observers
     believe that the only plausible future scenarios worth contemplating are those in the lower half of the matrix. The major
     question before us is how will society respond to what is almost certain to be widespread and cascading technological
     failures?                                Figure 3.
     Figure 3 above shows a possible natural evolution of the problem. Early, perhaps even in '98, the press could start something
     bad long before it was clear how serious the problem was and how society would react to it. There could be an interim scenario
     where a serious technical problem turned into a major social problem from lack of adaquate positive social response. This
     "Small Theatre Fire" future could be the kind of situation where people overreact and trample themselves trying to get to the
     exits from a small fire that is routinely extinguished.      If the technical situation is bad, a somewhat more ominous situation could evolve where government, exerting no clear positive
     leadership and seeing no alternative to chaos, cracks down so as not to lose control (A common historical response to social
     chaos has been for the government to intervene in non-democratic, sometimes brutal fashion. "Techno-fascism" is a plausible
     scenario -- governments and large corporations would intervene to try to contain the damage -- rather than build for the
     future. This dictatorial approach would be accompanied by secrecy about the real extent of the problem and ultimately fueled
     by the cries of distress, prior to 2000, from a society that has realized its major systems are about to fail and that it is too late
     to do anything about it. Collaboration is our only choice      Obviously, the scenario worth working towards is "Human Spirit," a world where the best of human creativity is enabled and
     the highest common good becomes the objective. In this world we all work together, developing a very broad, powerful,
     synergistic, self-organizing force focused on determining what humanity should be doing in the next 18 months to plan for
     the aftermath of the down stroke of Y2K. This requires that we understand Y2K not as a technical problem, but as a systemic,
     worldwide event that can only be resolved by new social relationships. All of us need to become very wise and very engaged
     very fast and develop entirely new processes for working together. Systems issues cannot be resolved by hiding behind
     traditional boundaries or by clinging to competitive strategies. Systems require collaboration and the dissolution of existing
     boundaries. Our only hope for healthy responses to Y2K-induced failures is to participate together in new collaborative
     relationships.      At present, individuals and organizations are being encouraged to protect themselves, to focus on solving "their" problem. In
     a system's world, this is insane. The problems are not isolated, therefore no isolated responses will work. The longer we
     pursue strategies for individual survival, the less time we have to create any viable, systemic solutions. None of the
     boundaries we've created across industries, organizations, communities, or nation states give us any protection in the face of
     Y2K. We must stop the messages of fragmentation now and focus resources and leadership on figuring out how to engage
     everyone, at all levels, in all systems.      As threatening as Y2K is, it also gives us the unparalleled opportunity to figure out new and simplified ways of working
     together. GM's chief information officer, Ralph Szygenda, has said that Y2K is the cruelest trick ever played on us by
     technology, but that it also represents a great opportunity for change.17   It demands that we let go of traditional boundaries
     and roles in the pursuit of new, streamlined systems, ones that are less complex than the entangled ones that have evolved over
     the past thirty years.      There's an interesting lesson here about involvement that comes from the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995. Just a few weeks
     prior the bombing, agencies from all over the city conducted an emergency preparedness drill as part of normal civil defense
     practice. They did not prepare themselves for a bomb blast, but they did work together on other disaster scenarios. The most
     significant accomplishment of the drill was to create an invisible infrastructure of trusting relationships. When the bomb
     went off, that infrastructure displayed itself as an essential resource--people could work together easily, even in the face of
     horror. Many lives were saved and systems were restored at an unprecedented rate because people from all over the
     community worked together so well.      But there's more to this story. One significant player had been excluded from the preparedness drill, and that was the FBI. No
     one thought they'd ever be involved in a Federal matter. To this day, people in Oklahoma City speak resentfully of the manner
     in which the FBI came in, pushed them aside, and offered no explanations for their behavior. In the absence of trusting
     relationships, some form of techno-fascism is the only recourse. Elizabeth Dole, as president of the American Red Cross
     commented: "The midst of a disaster is the poorest possible time to establish new relationships and to introduce ourselves to
     new organizations . . . . When you have taken the time to build rapport, then you can make a call at 2 a.m., when the river's
     rising and expect to launch a well-planned, smoothly conducted response."18      The scenario of communities and organizations working together in new ways demands a very different and immediate
     response not only from leaders but from each of us. We'd like to describe a number of actions that need to begin immediately. What leaders must do      We urge leaders to give up trying to carry this burden alone, or trying to reestablish a world that is irretrievably broken. We
     need leaders to be catalysts for the emergence of a new world. They cannot lead us through this in traditional ways. No leader
     or senior team can determine what needs to be done. No single group can assess the complexity of these systems and where
     the consequences of failure might be felt. The unknown but complex implications of Y2K demand that leaders support
     unparalleled levels of participation-more broad-based and inclusive than ever imagined. If we are to go through this crisis
     together rather than bunkered down and focused only on individual security, leaders must begin right now to convene us.
     The first work of leaders then, is to create the resources for groups to come together in conversations that will reveal the
     interconnections. Boundaries need to dissolve. Hierarchies are irrelevant. Courageous leaders will understand that they
     must surrender the illusion of control and seek solutions from the great networks and communities within their domain.
     They must move past the dynamics of competition and support us in developing society-wide solutions.      Leaders can encourage us to seek out those we have excluded and insist that they be invited in to all deliberations. Leaders
     can provide the time and resources for people to assess what is critical for the organization or community to sustain-its
     mission, its functions, its relationships, its unique qualities.      another and to know what we value. In sudden crises, people instantly share a sense of meaning and purpose. For Y2K, we have
     at least a little lead time to develop a cohesive sense of what might happen and how we hope to respond.
     Secrecy must be replaced by full and frequent disclosure of information. The only way to prevent driving people into isolated
     and self-preserving behaviors is to entrust us with difficult, even fearsome information, and then to insist that we work
     together.      No leader anywhere can ignore these needs or delay their implementation. What communities must do      Communities need to assess where they are most vulnerable and develop contingency plans. Such assessment and planning
     needs to occur not just within individual locales, but also in geographic regions. These activities can be initiated by existing
     community networks, for example, civic organizations such as Lions or Rotary, Council of Churches, Chamber of Commerce,
     the United Way. But new and expansive alliances are required, so planning activities need quickly to extend beyond traditional
     borders. We envision residents of all ages and experience coming together to do these audits and planning. Within each
     community and region, assessments and contingency plans need to be in place for disruptions or loss of service for:
          all utilities           electricity, water, gas, phones           food supplies           public safety           healthcare           government payments to individuals and organizations           residents most at risk, e.g. the elderly, those requiring medications What organizations must do      Organizations need to move Y2K from the domain of technology experts into the entire organization. Everyone in the
     organization has something important to contribute to this work. Assessment and contingency plans need to focus on:           how the organization will perform essential tasks in the absence of present systems           how the organization will respond to failures or slowdowns in information and supplies           what simplified systems can be developed now to replace existing ones           relationships with suppliers, customers, clients, communities-how we will work together           developing systems to ensure open and full access to information      The trust and loyalty developed through these strategic conversations and joint planning will pay enormous dividends later on,
     even if projected breakdowns don't materialize. Corporate and community experience with scenario planning has taught a
     important principle: We don't need to be able to predict the future in order to be well-prepared for it. In developing scenarios,
     information is sought from all over. People think together about its implications and thus become smarter as individuals and
     as teams. Whatever future then materializes is dealt with by people who are more intelligent and who know how to work well
     together.      And such planning needs to occur at the level of entire industries. Strained relationships engendered by competitive
     pressures need to be put aside so that people can collaboratively search for ways to sustain the very fabric of their industry.
     How will power grids be maintained nationally? Or national systems of food transport? How will supply chains for
     manufacturing in any industry be sustained?
What you can do      We urge you to get involved in Y2K, wherever you are, and in whatever organizations you participate. We can't leave this
     issue to others to solve for us, nor can we wait for anyone else to assert leadership. You can begin to ask questions; you can
     begin to convene groups of interested friends and colleagues; you can engage local and business leaders; you can educate
     yourself and others (start with  and  for up-to-date information and resources.) This is our
     problem. And as an African proverb reminds us, if you think you're too small to make a difference, try going to bed with a
     mosquito in the room. The crisis is now      There is no time left to waste. Every week decreases our options. At the mid-May meeting of leaders from the G8, a
     communiqué was issued that expressed their shared sensitivity to the "vast implications" of Y2K, particularly in "defense,
     transport, telecommunications, financial services, energy, and environmental sectors," and the interdependencies among
     these sectors. (Strangely, their list excludes from concern government systems, manufacturing and distribution systems.)
     They vowed to "take further urgent action" and to work with one another, and relevant organizations and agencies. But no
     budget was established, and no specific activities were announced. Such behavior-the issuing of a communiqué, the promises
     of collaboration and further investigation-are all too common in our late 20th century political landscape.      But the earth continues to circle the sun, and the calendar relentlessly progresses toward the Year 2000. If we cannot
     immediately change from rhetoric to action, from politics to participation, if we do not immediately turn to one another and
     work together for the common good, we will stand fearfully in that new dawn and suffer consequences that might well have
     been avoided if we had learned to stand together now. Copyright 1998 John L. Petersen, Margaret Wheatley, Myron Kellner-Rogers (posted with permission)
     John L. Petersen is president of The Arlington Institute, a Washington DC area research institute. He is a futurist who
     specializes in thinking about the long range security implications of global change. He is author of the award winning book,
     The Road to 2015: Profiles of the Future and his latest book is Out of the Blue - Wild Cards and Other Big Future Surprises,
     which deals with potential events such as Y2K. He can be reached at 703-243-7070 or johnp      Margaret Wheatley and Myron Kellner-Rogers are authors and consultants to business. A Simpler Way, their book on
     organizational design was published in 1997. Dr. Wheatley's previous book, Leadership & the New Science, was recently
     named one of the 10 best management books ever, and it also was voted best management book in 1992 in Industry Week, and
     again in 1995 by a syndicated management columnist. Their consulting work takes them these days to Brazil, Mexico, South
     Africa, Australasia and Europe. In the States, they've worked with a very wide array of organizations. 1 See Peter de Jager,  2 United Airlines, Flight Talk Network, February 1998 3 "Slow Knowledge," _______1997. 4 See "The Complexity Factor" by Ed Meagher at 5 "Industry Wakes Up to the Year 2000 Menace," Fortune, April 27, 1998 6 The Washington Post, "If Computer Geeks Desert, IRS Codes Will Be ciphers," December 24, 1997 7 Business Week, March 2, 1998 8  9 "Industry Gridlock," Rick Cowles, February 27, 1998,  10 Cowles, January 23, 1998, ibid www site 11 The Complexity Factor, Ed Meagher 12  13 REUTER "CIA:Year 2000 to hit basic services: Agency warns that many nations aren't ready for disruption," Jim Wolf, May 7, 1998 14 see  15  16 "Managing the Crisis You Tried to Prevent," Harvard Business Review, Nov-Dec. 1995, 158. 17 In Fortune, April 27, 1998 18 quoted in "Managing the Crisis You Tried to Prevent," Norman Augustine, Harvard Business Review, Nov-Dec 1995, 151. To WFS Home
