
@_date: 1993-05-26 14:26:46
@_author: proprietary 
@_subject: Rivest evaluation of SecurID smart card 
I thought this might be of some interest to the CypherPunks list.
DEADBEAT - - - - - - - - - FROM:	Ronald L. Rivest /initials RLR/
DATE:	April 7, 1987
RE:	Evaluation of SecurID Approach to User Identification
This memo provides a brief overall evaluation of your SecurID product,
as you have requested, suitable for limited distribution.  (It does not
contain any of the proprietary information you have disclosed to me.)
The SecurID card generates a pseudorandom sequence of displayed
numbers:  the displayed number us changed every 60 seconds.  The
sequence is "pseudorandom" rather than truly "random" in the sense that
it is generated by applying a (proprietary) algorithm and secret key to
a representation of the current time.  Thus, a host computer knowing
the algorithm and the secret key in the card can compute the number
displayed on the user's card at any moment.
Clearly, the numbers produced by such a card can be used in place of a
conventional "PIN" or "password" for access control or user
authentication, if the host is prepared to compute the number currently
displayed on the user's card.  That is, the user could enter the
displayed number instead of a remembered PIN or password when he is
asked to authenticate himself when initiating a login or financial
One can obtain additional security by first combining a user-remembered
PIN with the displayed number, so that the user is authenticated both
by "what he knows" as well as "what he possesses".  For example, if
both the displayed number and the user's PIN are decimal numbers, the
combining operation could be "add digit-by-digit without carry".  The
host computer, knowing both the user's PIN and the displayed number,
can compute the correct value for comparison.
1. An End-to-End Approach
One major advantage of your approach is that it is an "end-to-end"
technique: no intermediate nodes in the communication network are
entrusted with any security responsibilities.  The only places where
secret information needs to be maintained and manipulated are the
user's card and his host computer.
By contrast, an approach which encrypts PINs and transmits them in
encrypted form to the user's host computer may -- in a large, diverse,
multiorganization network -- require tremendous complexity in terms of
key management overhead and will necessitate a great deal of trust
between the participating organizations.
In my consulting work I have seen large organizations work very hard to
design "end-to-end" authentication protocols because of their
intrinsically greater security and simplicity.
2. Pseudo-random number generation
As noted above, your card generates a pseudo-random sequence of numbers
by applying a proprietary algorithm to a secret key and the current
time (measured to the minute).  The secret key is known only by the
user's card and host computer.
The system could be compromised if an "enemy" could predict future
numbers to be displayed by the card, from past observed values.  (These
numbers are transmitted in the clear, and are not encrypted.  This
makes your approach valuable for logging in from a "dumb" terminal, but
makes it possible for a wiretapper to obtain a set of previously values
produced by the card.)
However, I do not believe this attack can be successfully mounted
against your system.   I have tried to "break" your system in this
manner, without success.  The proprietary algorithm (which you have
disclosed to me) is based on sound cryptographic principles; it is
likely that the best approach to "breaking" this system is a
brute-force search for the secret key.  Since the secret key you use is
longer than that used by DES, I believe that this approach is
infeasible in practice.
(I should note that while my examination of your algorithm was
intensive and covered all aspects of the algorithm, it was of necessity
an examination of limited duration.  Some of your customers, such as
those involved with matters of national security, will certainly want
to see your algorithm subjected to additional intensive scutiny [sic]
before adopting it for use.)
Thus, I believe the sequence of numbers produced by your card will be
unpredictable by an "enemy", even if he sees previously produced
numbers.  Therefore:
   o    The ability to produce the number that is correct for the
   o    The numbers produced do not need to be encrypted, since
Of course, other cryptographic algorithms could be used to produce the
pseudo-random number sequence from the secret key and the current
time.  For example, one could use DES.  (Given recent events, the
algorithms should perhaps be called "ODES" for the _Old_ Data
Encryption Standard".)  However, given the shorter key length and
greater implementation cost of DES, I don't see any advantage here
other than that it is (or was) a standard that withstood at one time a
careful review.  (This, however, may be significant to some of your
customers.) It is also perhaps worth noting that your algorithm, while
easier to implement than DES, is more computation-intensive than DES,
making a brute-force search substantially more difficult to mount.
3. Combining operations
Additional security can be obtained by combining the displayed number
with a user-remembered PIN, say by adding them digit-wise with carries
While this combining operation is very simple, it is easy to prove that
if the displayed number sequence is unpredictable, then adding a PIN to
the sequence won't change this fact.
Furthermore, the PIN itself is protected from disclosure, unless the
"enemy" can obtain both the current displayed value and the value after
the PIN has been added.  However, to obtain the first requires access
to the card, and to obtain the second requires wiretapping; these are
not likely to be simultaneously available.  (The risk here seems less
than the risk that the keyboard is tapped in a conventional password
scheme.)  A similar analysis applies to using the displayed number
sequence to "encrypt" values other that the PIN; this operation should
provide the desired security.
The approach used in your SecurID product is novel, and offers security
advantages over conventional PIN or password schemes.  The
cryptographic algorithm employed should provide a high degree of
Dr. Ronald L. Rivest is a Professor in the Electrical Engineering and
Computer Science Department of the Massachusetts Institute of
Technology.  He is a renowned world class cryptologist.
Professor Rivest is one of the co-inventors of the RSA public-key
cryptosystem, is a founder of RSA Data Security, Inc., and is on the
Board of the International Association for Cryptologic Research.

@_date: 1993-06-01 11:55:12
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
I don't think the idea of a "virtual server" for anonymity will really
accomplish much.  Even if you somehow manage to spread the software over
several machines, you still need to publicize the entry and exit points
for remailing requests.  If the net police determine to shut down the
server, they can go after those machines which are publically known to
be the places where the anonymous messages come from and shut them down.
Sure, if you have a network of machines you might be able to bring another
one online pretty quickly to replace this one which has been shut down.
But then the net police can go after that one.  And so on.
You'd get the same effect just by having a bunch of conventional remailing
servers, only announcing one of them publically, and then having each
one come online only after the one before it got shut down.
The hard part in either of these scenarios is collecting more people who
will run anonymity servers.  I don't see that doing tricky stuff with
virtualizing the calculations helps you much.
Similarly, trying to put a machine at an unknown site, or perhaps in a
friendly country, won't necessarily help.  If the machine itself is
inaccessible, the net police will go after its feeds, the points at which
it connects into the network.  Look at what happened to Julf.  His machine
was safe, sitting in a back room of his house.  They went after his net
feeds instead.
The real answer is to publically defend remailers.  I argue for remailing
servers on the basis of preventing traffic analysis.  Most people accept
that the use of encryption is justified for email in order to protect
individual privacy.  I claim that remailing servers extend this protection
to include not only the content of a message, but its destination as well.
The net does little today to keep the facts private about whom you communicate
with.  Remailers provide that confidentiality.
If we had enough remailers that we could confidentally run a virtualized
system, knowing that we could keep brining them online faster than they
could be shut down, I'd argue that a better use of those resources would be
to publically identify all of the remailers and let them all operate on
their own.  This would provide a united front to oppose the anti-privacy
forces, giving political strength to our goals.
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-06-01 18:55:59
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: request for cryptanalysis tools 
Eric Hughes asked about the piece of software I'm The program is "ncrypt".  Available on garbo.uwasa.fi, /pc/crypt/ncrypt31.zip
About pub/cypherpunks/cryptanalysis...  I'll post anything useful
that I write...
Point taken!

@_date: 1993-06-17 23:50:08
@_author: for Dangerous 
@_subject: OTP dual decryption 
Using a one-time pad for dual decryption might work like this.
I have a file, D (for Dangerous), which I want to conceal.  I construct
a random file of the same length, K (for Key), which will be my "encryption
key".  I xor K and D to produce E (for Encrypted), the encrypted file.  I
delete D and hide K somewhere.
Now, in case an intruder steals E and coerces a decryption out of me, I
prepare S (for Safe), a file containing some safe plaintext.  I xor
S and E to produce F (for Fake), the fake key file I will be able to
present.  I destroy S and hide F somewhere, but perhaps not as securely as
I hid K.
Now, if the intruder comes, he finds E, the encrypted file.  He demands
the key, and I explain that the file was encrypted with a one-time pad,
and here is the key, and I provide him F.  He xor's F and E to find
S, the safe plaintext, and I am protected.
This is all well and fine, but it depends on successfully hiding K, the
actual key file.  But if you can successfully hide files, it seems to me
that you might as well have just hidden D, the dangerous file, in the
first place, in whatever hiding place you were going to use for K.  Then
substitute S, the safe file, for D.  This is just the old idea of
having two sets of books for a crooked business, one innocent and public
and one incriminating but hidden.
So I'm not sure the one-time pad idea really helps much since if you can
meet the requirements to use it you might as well just hide your data the
old-fashioned way.  Are there any advantages that I'm overlooking?
Hal Finney

@_date: 1993-07-01 07:57:26
@_author: not direct connect 
@_subject: REMAIL: list of remailers 7/1/93 
Q1: What cypherpunk remailers exist?
 1: nowhere  2: hh  3: hh  4: hh  5: 00x  6: hal  7: ebrandt  8: phantom  9: remailer 10: elee7h5 11: hfinney 12: remail 13: remail 14: remailer 15: remail NOTES: 		no encryption of remailing requests
		support encrypted remailing requests
		special - header and message must be encrypted together
	introduce larger than average delay (not direct connect)
      running on privately owned machines
Q2: What help is available?
Check out the pub/cypherpunks directory at soda.berkeley.edu
(128.32.149.19).  Instructions on how to use the remailers are in the
remailer directory, along with some unix scripts and dos batch files.
The public keys for the remailers which support encrypted remailing
requests is also available in the same directory.
Mail to me (elee9sf for further help and/or questions.

@_date: 1993-08-17 22:10:30
@_author: via a remailer 
@_subject: Private legal tender 
A simpler variation on what was suggested would go like this:
Customer sends cash or money order to digital bank, along with a floppy
with an anonymous email address (via a remailer) and a public key.  The
bank emails the customer encrypted digital cash corresponding to the
amount he sent in (minus any service charges).  If Chaum blinding is
used, the needed data can be included on the floppy.  Alternatives to
sending a floppy would be for the customer to email the same information
when he mailed his money, including some secret information with both
which would tie them together.
Customers spend money using the appropriate protocols.
When a customer wants, he can send his digital cash to the bank to get
it exchanged for new digital cash; or he can include with the digital
cash instructions to tell the bank to mail a check or money order to
a specified address.  Here is where he could use a postal mail drop if
he doesn't want to reveal his own identity (assuming he is mailing to
himself); or he may request mailing to some other business which doesn't
accept digital cash but from which he wants to purchase something.

@_date: 1993-09-03 13:25:37
@_author: at least a couple of months 
@_subject: WANTED:  List of very reliable remailers 
I've been experimenting with the remailers lately, and I've been
trying to put together all the tools I'll need to start sending
most of my email through them.  Towards this end, I wrote a
simple program called CRM that adds forwarding tags, and calls
PGP to do multiple encryptions, and then wraps the result in a
In what is starting to look to me like a design flaw, I set the
program up to pick a random chain of a specified length out of a
set of remailers.  All of this talk about remailer reliability
has got me a little bit spooked, because I don't have any way of
knowing if my mail is going through or not.
I'd like to configure my remailer's utility so that it only uses
a small list of *very* reliable remailers, preferably with each
entry on the list being run by a distinct person.
Are there any remailers which:
o    Support PGP encryption?
o    Have been in reliable operation for a significant period of
     time (at least a couple of months)?
o    Are maintained by someone who knows enough about the
     software to prevent it from crashing?
o    Don't introduce significant delays in the remailing?      (Unless, of course, they are using some sort of scheme to
     frustrate traffic analysis.)
                               and
o    Are set up on systems over which the remailer's
     administrator has enough clout to prevent a summary shutdown
     without at least giving a couple of days' notice?
I'm assuming (for no very good reason) that Hal Finney's sites
fit these criterium.  If that's true, then strictly speaking, I'd
only need one other similar site run by another person, although
I'd feel better if I was using a chain through three remailers. Obviously, the more remailers I have on the list, the better off
I am.  But I'd rather have a small list of highly reliable
remailers than a larger list than contains even a single marginal
The list of remailers that I'm using now came from a list that
was posted to this mail-list a few days ago, and I haven't had
any problems with it (at least none that I know of -- I'm
assuming that all of my mail went through).  I just got a little
worried about the post reporting dropped mail from the jarthur
remailer administrator, which had been mentioned on the list I
had been using as a reliable remailer.
If anyone can help me out, I'd be grateful.
Please post replies to the list, or mail me directly at:
     astrashe
     Alex

@_date: 1993-09-05 00:27:29
@_author: preferably 
@_subject: A question about pasting 
This probably a naive question, but:
Is there any way, using a remailer, to paste something into the
header that will provide a return address (different from the
reamiler's) that can be recognized by a garden variety unix mail
Because it seems to me that if it is, then it would be possible
to set up a mail forwarding site that would work in the following
1.   A user would send in and register, possibly (preferably) via
     a remailer chain, a public-key and a remailer return
     address.  A remailer return address would be a PGP encrypted
     command bundled with a remailer address;  the PGP command
     would cause the remailer to forward the mail to the user
     through a chain of remailers.
2.   These would be stored under an alias, either user-defined or
     automatically allocated (like anon.penet.fi).
3.   Once registered, the server would send encrypted mail back
     to the user via the chain, and request that the user take
     some specific action (ie., send mail with the a random ten
     character string in the subject line, or whatever) to verify
     the address.  This would prevent people from creating
     anonymous identities that forwarded mail to someone else.
4.   Once the identity was registered and confirmed, then
     whenever mail is sent to that address, the forwarder will
     encrypt it with the public key and use the remailer chain to
     forward the mail.  The identity of the person sending mail
     to the alias and the subject line would be buried in the
     cyhpertext.
5.   The server will also make the public key of all identities
     available via a mail request, so that signatures can be
     verified by people who want to do that.
The whole point of this is that it would then be possible to have
mail that's very secure (except for traffic analysis).  You could
use PGP encrypted outgoing mail to everyone, even people who
don't know or care about remailers.  Your sysadmin wouldn't know
what your outgoing mail contained or who it was to.  None of the
people operating remailers would know that either, because you're
using a chain.
If you could paste a line into a header that would allow others
to mail to your alias by just pressing 'r' on their mailer, then
you wouldn't be asking your correspondents to sacrifice any
convenience on their end.
The people running the alias server wouldn't know who you really
were, and niether would any of the people running the remailers
on on the encrypted return chain.
The result of all this would be that all of your incoming and
outgoing mail would be encrypted, and the identities of your
correspondents would be hidden, as would the contents of your
letters;  and you wouldn't be depending upon any single person to
hold your secrets for you, because none of the individual
remailers would be able to piece anything together, and the alias
server wouldn't know anything about you at all.  And all of this
would be 100% compatible with the existing email system (you
could communicate with non-participants).
It's almost an axiom that any simple idea like this can't work,
or else it would already be implemented.  That suggests to me
that you *can't* paste something in the header that will
automatically route replies to an alias rather than back to where
the letter came from.
Is that the case?
     Alex
     astrashe

@_date: 1994-01-23 14:58:20
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
Source filtering of detweiler remail and anonymous posting requests
from various NIS based accounts in the domain lance.colostate.edu and ntu,edu at Fort collins colorado as well as sending evidence of
account/remailer/anonymous forwarder/posting requests to
postmaster will be facilated by the following accounts list. It was derived from netfind, it is by no means exhaustive but
it is the start of a source denial database. Further possible
hosts in the BIND database be found via nslookup and dig as usual.
traceroutes may detect detweilers attempt to use a connection laundry.
As previous postings from MEDUSA have shown detweiler accounts and hosts
he hides behind can be researched and filtered. Time analysis of the login patterns I beileve will show that the "Jeff Detweiler" is
yet another smokescreen. I also suggest contacting the Internetc NIC listed
POC and informing him of NSFNET AUP's that have been violated.
 The POC's of interest would be for the domains
        Regards
        Sam Hill - blacknet researcher
our key and remailer block follows as usual...
MAIL IS FORWARDED TO larry
NOTE:	this is a domain mail forwarding arrangement - so mail intended
SYSTEM: ntupub.ntu.edu
- Found multiple matches for "larry", so unable to determine most
  recent/last login information,
  or most promising electronic mail information.
  Please look at the above search history and decide for yourself which is best.
- Found multiple matches for "larry", so unable to determine most
  recent/last login information,
  or most promising electronic mail information.
  Please look at the above search history and decide for yourself which is best.
SYSTEM: jenkins.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: casco.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: elbert.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: derby.lance.colostate.edu
- Found multiple matches for "detweiler", so unable to determine most
  recent/last login information,
  or most promising electronic mail information.
  Please look at the above search history and decide for yourself which is best.
SYSTEM: silex.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: traver.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: keller.lance.colostate.edu
- Found multiple matches for "detweiler", so unable to determine most
  recent/last login information,
  or most promising electronic mail information.
  Please look at the above search history and decide for yourself which is best.
- Found multiple matches for "detweiler", so unable to determine most
  recent/last login information,
  or most promising electronic mail information.
  Please look at the above search history and decide for yourself which is best.
The domain 'lance.colostate.edu' does not run its own name servers,
SYSTEM: longs.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: elbert.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: casco.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: jenkins.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: dolores.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: derby.lance.colostate.edu
- Among the machines searched, the machine from which user
  "ld231782" logged in most recently was NTUPUB.NTU.EDU,
  on Fri Jan 21 16:16.
- The most promising email address for "ld231782"
  based on the above search is
  ld231782
SYSTEM: silex.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: traver.lance.colostate.edu
SYSTEM: keller.lance.colostate.edu
- Among the machines searched, the machine from which user
  "ld231782" logged in most recently was NTUPUB.NTU.EDU,
  on Fri Jan 21 16:16.
- The most promising email address for "ld231782"
  based on the above search is
  ld231782
- Among the machines searched, the machine from which user
  "ld231782" logged in most recently was NTUPUB.NTU.EDU,
  on Fri Jan 21 16:16.
- The most promising email address for "ld231782"
  based on the above search is
  ld231782
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
--------8<--cut here-->8--------
Encrypted: PGP
<To reply, save everything below the "cut here" marks above
<into another file.  Type your reply here (below the blank <line three lines above!) and mail to remailer

@_date: 1994-01-26 13:27:13
@_author: or anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
Dear List,
     Actually what  I am looking for is a country like Switzerland or Lichenstein where a numbered(or anonymous) accounts are possible
and where confirmation of deposits(wire transfer) can be done to
the Internet(note that direct internet connectivity is NOT required)
only Email.... Anyone know of Institutions like this(i.e. email addresses for
correspondance are needed)
    Thank you in advance
    Anon

@_date: 1994-01-27 16:47:43
@_author: Begin response information 
@_subject: NEEDED:  Remailer list 
Does anyone keep a list of operational remailers and their PGP
keys?  I am new to using remailers, and I only know of a couple
that I can use.
I am enclosing both my PGP key and some response information that
can be used to reply to this post.  To make a reply to this post,
you should:
     o    Encrypt your reply with my public key
     o    Make a text file by concatenating the response
          information with your encrypted reply (the response
          information should preceed the reply).
     o    Mail the whole thing to the remailer at:
               ebrandt
Here is my public key:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
And here is the response information:
---(Begin response information)---
Encrypted: PGP
---(End response information)---

@_date: 1994-01-27 22:42:15
@_author: or whatever 
@_subject: Re: Remailers needed. My survey. 
Eli wrote,
"I just ran a few tests, bouncing umass.edu -> remailer ->
umass.edu for sizes up to 55K.  Round-trip time was 3 to 4.5
minutes, uncorrelated with message size.  (Bottlenecks are the
jarthur outgoing queue, and some baroque hand-off job within
umass.edu)  What sort of timings were "way too slow"?"
I just tried it again and your remailer needs to be added to the
"Very fast" list! Not sure what happended the first time. By
"Very fast" I mean I get something back in less than a minute or two.
By "Way too slow." I mean I just never really saw it come back. I would
classify anon.penet.fi as "Way too slow" as I cannot even cooperate
on a mailing list with its upwards of 6-24 hour delays.
That leaves,
      1  nowhere <-[Way too slow.]
      1  remail <-[Way too slow.]
I'm still waiting and waiting and.... I tried these again, with no typos,
and it's been 45 minutes. Gary checked these for the FAQ so they must
work. Could be certain sites are down along the way. I have some OLD
logs of my playing with these, and at least once they got a "fast"
The problem is, I'm new to these remailers so if one fails ONCE I
don't know what to think.
P.S. I still need a perl (or whatever) script to output ten variables
containing a random assortment of remailer addresses. These need to
be csh environmental variables. This is only because I have a little
commands file that uses such variables. I know if I knew perl I could
whip this up in 5 minutes, so could somebody spend 5 and post this,
and tell me how to run it. Thanks.
