
@_date: 1994-06-05 19:46:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: No Subject 
There are a number of good text files out on anonymous mail forwarding servers, but nothing that really "ties it all together", so to speak.  If you know of such a thing, please post it.  Anyway, let me ask a few specific questions:
I read that fingering ghio will produce a current status of all "Cypherpunk" remailers.  I did so and it was quite informative.  However, "remailer was omitted from the list.  Is there a reason for that?
Do any of the other CP remailers (other than soda.berkeley.edu) offer a post-to-Usenet gateway?  If so, do they use the same Is there a way to disable the encrypted reply address at the Berkeley remailer?
I know that a few of the CP remailers have a certain adddress, like "help which will provide an info sheet by return mail.  Do any of the others support that?  If so, would "help" be used, or something else?

@_date: 1994-06-14 12:39:19
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Remailers? 
I fingered mg5n+ and got this list:
Why so many remailers down???

@_date: 1994-07-07 21:23:15
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: PGP Keys on a Floppy 
frissell "Duncan Frissell" wrote
Someone suggested keeping both the keyring as well as the PGP.EXE itself on
a WRITE PROTECTED floppy.  Doesn't RANSEED.BIN need to be in the same
directory, and doesn't it need to be WRITEABLE?

@_date: 1994-07-25 20:03:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Steve Winter Declares War in Cyberspace 
I just FTPed this from the Fidonet archives over at ftp.fidonet.org.  It looks as if, if this nut case has his way, we may have a "Waco in cyberspace".  For those of you who "enjoyed" Ralph Stokes' Ruckmanite spam entitled "Beware of Roman Catholic Corruption" which brewed in the bowels of Fidoland for years before spilling over into Internet/Usenet, Steve Winter has the *POTENTIAL* to do far more damage.  He owns not only a Fido node, but the entire "PRIME Net" structure, as well.  His Internet address, BTW, is "Steve.Winter  Yes, the ".n18" means he's in Fidonet region 18, just like our old "friend" Ralph (the Mouth) Stokes .  If those two were ever to team If you doubt the truthfulness of this, because of my need to post anonymously, feel free to FTP the file for yourself and have a look.  The file can be obtained via anonymous FTP from ftp.fidonet.org as
Anyway, enjoy, beware, learn, or whatever:
F I D O  N E W S --                   Vol.11  No.29    (18-Jul-1994)

@_date: 1994-07-28 04:08:03
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: I will Kill SKE for You 
And if you find any ex-slaves alive in America, I'll support you on that.  OTOH, at 130 years of age, I doubt that any of them are paying much in the way of taxes.
But, maybe you're on to something here.  Let's expand that to ANY AMERICAN whose ancestors suffered in any way.  That would do away with the Federal Income Tax entirely.  I LIKE THAT!!!

@_date: 1994-07-29 19:01:24
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Attempted Compromise of anon.penet.fi Server? 
A number of postings to the alt.test Usenet newsgroup from pseudonymous accounts at anon.penet.fi have recently been reported.  Correspondingly, a number of people have received email from that server indicating that an unsolicited pseudonymous account and ID and have been established for them at that server.
Assuming no actual compromise of the anon.penet.fi database itself, this attack could serve a number of purposes.  Let's assume that an attacker had obtained the Cypherpunks mailing list, perhaps merged with a listing of all posters to sci.crypt, alt.security.pgp, alt.politics.org.nsa, etc. and, forging a message from each member, attempted to create a new pseudonymous account at the anon.penet.fi server for each one.  Likely motives for, and outcomes from this attack are:
SCENARIO Attempting to assign a new anon account to a person by posting to alt.test.  Each failure would indicate that the address owner already possessed a password-protected anon ID there.  This information could prove potentially "useful", I suppose.  For example, a list of names of anon forwarder users could be collected for "special treatment" later, possibly a "sting" operation of some sort, it would also net a few people whose only use of anon.penet.fi was merely REPLYING to another's pseudonymous address, which also results in the allocation of a new ID.  See Scenario  for further speculation.
SCENARIO Attempting to create such an account and SUCCEEDING would now match up the user ID with the new account number.  Any future posts via this account could then be easily cross-referenced back to the source.  Any account thus created, as evidenced by a "welcome" message from anon.penet.fi, should probably NOT be used, at least where anonymity was needed.
SCENARIO If the new accounts were password-protected by the forger, and the passwords NOT revealed to the putative "owners", the result would be a "denial of service".  Has anyone received a message that an unsolicited new account has also been password "protected"?  (Scenarios  and  are mutually exclusive, BTW.)
SCENARIO The most serious of all is the possibility of a "barium attack".  A special "coded", but seemingly innocuous, message could be sent to each email address identified in Scenario   If the person replies, he/she has just blown his/her anonymous cover, and any previous (or future) postings/correspondence using that ID are then traceable back to the source.  Needless to say, anyone who has a pseudonymous ID at anon.penet.fi that he/she would like to keep secret should be EXTREMELY careful in responding to any messages coming through that server.  The most likely means of accomplishing this attack is through the Subject: header, since many people reply to messages and keep the original subject, prefixing it with "RE: ".  If I send messages to Alice, Bob, and Charlie via anon.penet.fi, using a slightly different Subject: line for each, then a reply containing that Subject: line will link the pseudonymous return address on the reply with the recipient of the original message.
The source of this attack could be either a TLA (three-letter agency, such as NSA, FBI, CIA, etc.), some hacker, or even the infamous Larry Detweiler.  I cite the "TLA" option since a number of messages have been posted to various newsgroups via anon.penet.fi that seemingly violate Federal law.  At first glance the attack would seem to have been executed in a somewhat clumsy fashion, particularly the posting of public messages with the text "I am John Doe", or whatever.  OTOH, given the inevitable "welcome" message from anon.penet.fi to the "holders" of the newly assigned IDs, such "clumsiness" could also be designed to make a sophisticated attack look amateurish to disguise the motives and capabilities of the attacker(s).  Or, this whole thing could be an attempt to achieve "Death to Blacknet" by undermining user confidence in the anon servers by spreading "fear, uncertainty, and doubt".
QUESTION: Has anyone with a previously existing, password-protected identity at anon.penet.fi received an "invalid password" message recently, even though no attempts to send mail through the server had been made?  If not, then that's a bad sign because it might indicate that password protection has somehow been curcumvented by the attacker.
 -- Diogenes - a registered pseudonym.
    PGP key (ID# D1150D49) available through PGP Public Key Servers

@_date: 1994-08-11 18:45:36
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Reailers: To Log or Not to Log? 
Tim May pondered:
The only problem I see with the "everyone a remailer" concept is that, in the presence of traffic analysis, a locally generated message will show up as an imbalance between incoming and outgoing messages, will it not?
That brings up an interesting point -- does the very act of logging remailing activity, specifically the recording of sources and destinations of forwarded messages perhaps open the operator up to INCREASED liability?  IOW, if the remailer is being used in the furtherance of a "crime", the presence of a log which records the details of such traffic might be used as an argument that the operator "should have known" that suspicious, possibly illegal, activity was going on and possibly being considerd CRIMINALLY NEGLIGENT for not stopping it.  Has he/she torpedoed any possibility of a "Sgt. Schultz" ("I know nuuuuthing!") defense by gathering detailed evidence and then not acting on it?  Perhaps "Don't ask, don't tell" is a better policy...
Also, I suspect that if increased activity on a remailer is useful in thwarting traffic analysis, then foreswearing the keeping of logs should serve to INCREASE the throughput as users gain confidence that any "footprints" they might leave behind are promptly erased.
 -- Diogenes

@_date: 1994-08-13 08:02:52
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RE: RemailNet 
There might be at least one good reason for NOT going overseas on that first leg.  The NSA's charter restricts it to international operations.  By making that first leg a foreign one, you've made your transmission, the one with your address visible, fair game for them.  I don't know how closely they obey the "rules", given their inherent lack of accountability, but if you forced them to break the rules to monitor you, they might at least be a bit more hesitant to use the info against you.
 -- Diogenes

@_date: 1994-08-15 17:02:32
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Nym server? 
So now do we need a Cypherpunks Nym Server?  I notice that somebody
else is using my alias... ah, well.
For the record, the Diogenes who just got active on Cypherpunks isn't
me, and, as you can tell by checking corresponding signatures, I'm
the one who called attention to the 6-digit PGP ID clashes, related them
to the birthday paradox, and recommended increasing the ID length back
in April (Raise your hand if your PGP key ID is F3AF75).
It shouldn't come as a surprise: as with everything else in cyberspace,
Vernor Vinge predicted it in True Names a decade or so ago, when he
noted in passing that the protagonist Mr. Slippery downloaded a massive
chunk of bulletin board to his home machine and scanned through it for
messages to him, tossing (manually, I think) messages to the several
other Mr. Slipperys.
        Diogenes I

@_date: 1994-08-19 12:55:40
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: SSS attachment - is that Splash II? 
The WSJ article on the Cray-3 deal involves a chip/system designed here
called TeraSys. Maya [Minnich djf] has a forthcoming article in IEEE
Computer about it.
The basic idea is to embed bit-serial processors in the sram chips, one
processor per bit in the memory row register. It's a simple processor with
an ALU and three registers. The memory "words" can now be thought of as
running vertically up the columns, rather than horizontally along the
rows. Every time you fetch a row, you are in fact fetching 64 bits from 64
different words to be operated on in the ALUs.This gives you roughly a
100-fold increase in memory bandwidth, since you no longer mux the data
down from 64 bits to 1 or 4 bits to bring it off-chip. The key
contribution of the Cray (this idea due to Ken Iobst of SRC, who also was
the architect of the chips) came from Ken's realization that the Cray vector
scatter/gather hardware could push the bits around BETWEEN the chips as
fast as the hardware networks on, e.g., the CM-2. Thus the Cray-3, a
vector supercomputer, can function as a very high-performance SIMD system
as well. You don't need to build the additional network found on so many
SIMD machines, e.g. maspar or cm-2.  You also can have phases of a
program, wherein it runs SIMD for a while, then vector, then SMP mode,
The TeraSys processors built here at src cost about $80K each, and for
several problems could easily outrun our $6M CM-2.
The chips are National Semi SRAMS, with mods done here by Mark Norder and
Jennifer Schrader. Ken Iobst is the architect of the chips. The
programming environment was basically Maya Gokhale's DBC language, which
also runs on Splash-2, the CM-2, and clusters. Cray has reimplemented the
chips for the Cray-3.
In keeping with the NSAs new plans for SRC, this project was terminated
at SRC last January. The systems are gradually being turned off and the
cabinets put to other uses. No further work is occurring at SRC in this
Feel free to forward this article to people who may ask you. There was
some good work done by people here.
rminnich     | Error message of the week:
(301)-805-7451 or 7312 | NFS server localhost not responding still trying
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1994-08-27 19:57:57
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: PGP availiable on magazine cover 
This is a good thing.  By being published in that fashion, PGP thus meets
the requirements under ITAR to be classified public domain, and can thus
now be legally exported from the US.

@_date: 1994-09-06 16:04:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: The Ethics of Remailers 
Well about the best example I can think of is Canadian related. In Ontario
Canada there is a ban in effect on a trial of a young lady named Karla
Homolka. Karla and her (ex) hubby (who is presently incarcerated awaiting
trial) are likely guilty (certainly Karla was found guilty at her trial)
of pretty heinous acts of murder, torture etc.
So heinous, that the judge banned all publication of the details surrounding
Karla's trial. However, when he did so, he apparantly hadn't heard about
Internet, because now its quite likely alot of the details have slipped
through the cracks.
The remailers have been used to protect anonymous sources posting to the
Internet in order to help the public circumvent the ban. If they didn't
exist, then its quite likely that circulation of the info....even on
Internet, would have been made more difficult. The remailers, with their
chaining abilities have certainly helped the spread of the info.
Other than that, it's likely the remailers are useful for certain politically
sensitive operations (ie circumventing ITAR) or socially sensitive (ie in
discussions that the politically correct go up in arms about (ie gay rights..
for or against).
And then of course there is the old stand-by use of posting stories to
alt.sex.stories, etc :>

@_date: 1994-09-10 22:34:31
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Anon MailSources of Remailers Keys 
Can someone post again the source for the various cypherpunks remailers
public keys? I assume they are all in one file somewhere (likely on
berkeley.edu) thats ftp'able.

@_date: 1994-09-18 13:23:05
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Current drafts of the crime bill include a scienter requirement.
You are liable only if you know or intend for your remailer to be
used by a terrorist.  This is SOLONg's first post to this list.  For those that care
about such things, SOLONg's PGP public key appears below.  This
message is also signed with SOLONg's private key.  SOLONg will not
be signing messages a regular basis (indeed, SOLONg may not even
post very often).  The purpose of this exercise is to establish a
public baseline in case of nym conflict.

@_date: 1994-09-19 05:18:53
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: RC4 spaces... 
Yoo Hoo,
Did anyone notice the spaces at the end of most RC4 source
code lines.  Could they be ....
        1 - Someone used a strange editor on the code.
        2 - Someone deleted comments that were after the spaces.
        3 - It is realy some crude Stego ID.

@_date: 1994-09-19 20:29:34
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailersRe: On the crime bill and remailers 
Mr. Unicorn is rude and uninformed.  He will go far.
1) The act does not make it a per se offense to have a remailer.
2) The act makes it an offense to aid a terrorist.
3) Query: is there a scienter requirement in (2)?
[for the sake of simplicity, we will ignore the fact that there are
scienter requirements in a related part of the bill already, and use Mr.
Unicorn's hypothetical of no explicit requirement of scienter]
3a) There must be a scienter requirement to avoid turning the
proscription in (2) into either (i) a per se offense, excluded by
(1), or (ii) a violation of due process.
3b) Query: why would it be a violation of due process to
have a ban on unknowingly aiding terrorists in the manner Mr. Unicorn wishes to read the satute?
An analogy will make the point.  Suppose the act concerned restaurant
regulation, and made it an offence to "feed" a terrorist.  Carlos walks
into your joint in disguise, orders and duly consumes ham on rye.  What
verdict?  Courts will do what it takes to say not guilty, whether via due
process, the rule of leniency, or statutory construction. N.B. these problems could be cured, and due process observed, by finding a
duty to make enquiry or imputing a negligence standard of some sort, but
we do not see any hint of this in the statute. 4) Aha! you say, but terrorism is different from nice law abiding
restaurants, and we brave c'punkers that we are, are on the Edge,
not like the honest sandwitchman.  The courts will not give us
any breaks.  Alas, there is the case of Ratzlaf v. United States,
114 S.Ct. 655 (1994) [summary quoted below], in which the Supreme
Court imputed a scienter requirement into a money laundering
statute which on its face required no such scienter at all.  5) QED.
(As for others who are as quick to damn as to praise...watch your SYLLABUS:  As here relevant, federal law requires a domestic bank involved
in a cash transaction exceeding $ 10,000 to file a report with
the Secretary of the Treasury, 31 U.S.C.  5313(a), 31 CFR 
103.22(a); makes it illegal to "structure" a transaction -- i.e.,
to break up a single transaction above the reporting threshold
into two or more separate transactions -- "for the purpose of
evading the reporting requirement," 31 U.S.C.  5324(3); and sets
out criminal penalties for "[a] person willfully violating" the
antistructuring provision,  5322(a). After the judge at
petitioner Waldemar Ratzlaf's trial on charges of violating 
5322(a) and 5324(3) instructed the jury that the Government had
to prove both that the defendant knew of the  5313(a) reporting
obligation and that he attempted to evade that obligation, but
did not have to prove that he knew the structuring in which he
engaged was unlawful, Ratzlaf was convicted, fined, and sentenced
to prison. In affirming, the Court of Appeals upheld the trial
court's construction of the legislation. Held: To give effect to  5322(a)'s "willfulness" requirement,
the Government must prove that the defendant acted with knowledge
that the structuring he or she undertook was unlawful, not simply
that the defendant's purpose was to circumvent a bank's reporting
obligation. Section 5324 itself forbids structuring with a
"purpose of evading the [ 5313(a)] reporting requirements," and
the lower courts erred in treating the "willfulness" requirement
essentially as words of no consequence. Viewing  5322(a) and
5324(3) in light of the complex of provisions in which they are
embedded, it is significant that the omnibus "willfulness"
requirement, when applied to other provisions in the same
statutory subchapter, consistently has been read by the Courts of
Appeals to require both knowledge of the reporting requirement
and a specific intent to commit the crime or to disobey the law.
The "willfulness" requirement must be construed the same way each
time it is called into play. Because currency structuring is not
inevitably nefarious, this Court is unpersuaded by the United
States' argument that structuring is so obviously "evil" or
inherently "bad" that the "willfulness" requirement is satisfied
irrespective of the defendant's knowledge of the illegality of
structuring. The interpretation adopted in this case does not
dishonor the venerable principle that ignorance of the law
generally is no defense to a criminal charge, for Congress may
decree otherwise in particular contexts, and has done so in the
present instance. Pp. 5-15.
976 F.2d 1280, reversed and remanded.
JUDGES: GINSBURG, J., delivered the opinion of the Court, in
which STEVENS, SCALIA, KENNEDY, and SOUTER, JJ., joined.
BLACKMUN, J., filed a dissenting opinion, in which REHNQUIST, C.
J., and O'CONNOR and THOMAS, JJ., joined.

@_date: 1994-09-20 13:24:21
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Now that's funny.
Below it is asked whether this is assertion or assumption.  Neither.  It
is obvious.  If the act wished to make running a remailer a per se offense
it would simply say so.  It doesn't say anything like that. [...much deleted.  Time preses and this is unpaid...e$ anyone?...]
This argument is not frivolous.  But I doubt it would work, particularly since the counterweight is constitutional due process. This won't work either.  First, it is not "obviously structured well into
the" badly drafted statute.  Second, a limit on investigations does not in
this world of police and prosecutorial discretion operate as a meaningful,
or even mesurable, limit on prosecutions.  Suppose the police get
information in the course of a separeate investigation?  Suppose they are
following Carlos and see him go into your resturant? [...] I disagree completely. See above.
Neither.  A guess, and only that: the investigation limit (which I would
argue is uneforceable) is intended as a signal to cops/sop to civil
libertarrians that the act should not start witch hunts. stupid drafters is the most likely explanation
Standard operating procedure these days. Hmmm...maybe a literal-minded
court is not so bad? I disagree.  Intent from investigation won't cure the due process problem. Intent -- at a minimum in the sense of knowingly committing the act of
aiding a terrorist, not necessarily in the sense of knowing that it is
illegal to do so -- must be read into the offence itself.  Only a very,
very clear statutory command to the contrary would suffice to avoid this
reading -- and then we have pretty much created a per se offense of
running an open remailer since it is impossible to know who you are
dealing with. I might add that I believe it would be a violation of the First Amendment
to make running a remailer a per se offense, but that's not required for
the argument [...] Given the importance of money laundering to drug deals, and the 1st
Amendment aspect of remailing, I rate it at least a tie or better. Since we are now being civil, I should note that the Ratzlaf case has been
criticized by almost every commentator as wrongly -- even insanely --
decided, and I tend to agree with the critiques.  Nevertheless, the
decision is of a piece with other odd, hyper literal, statutory
construction cases in the past two years and the odds are it will be
followed.

@_date: 1994-09-21 13:32:46
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Laws Outside the U.S. (fwd)Re: Laws Outside the U.S. 
Free movement of goods rules in the EC contain exceptions for public order and national security. National rules control in those areas.

@_date: 1994-09-21 13:52:28
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: The Crime Bill - text re intent requirement 
In case anyone still doubts me...
103 P.L. 322 Sec. 120005. PROVIDING MATERIAL SUPPORT TO  TERRORISTS.
  (a) Offense.--Chapter 113A of title 18, United States Code, is amended by
adding the following new section:
  " Sec. 2339A. Providing material support to  terrorists
  "(a) Definition.--In this section, 'material support or resources' means
currency or other financial securities, financial services, lodging, training,
safehouses, false documentation or identification, communications equipment,
facilities, weapons, lethal substances, explosives, personnel, transportation,
and other physical assets, but does not include humanitarian assistance to
persons not directly involved in such violations.
  "(b) Offense.--A person who, within the United States, provides material
support or resources or conceals or disguises the nature, location, source, or
ownership of material support or resources, knowing or intending that they are
                                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ to be used in preparation for, or in carrying out, a violation of section 32,
?6, 351, 844 (f) or (i), 1114, 1116, 1203, 1361, 1363, 1751, 2280, 2281, 2331,
or 2339 of this title or section 46502 of title 49, or in preparation for or
carrying out the concealment of an escape from the commission of any such
violation, shall be fined under this title, imprisoned not more than 10 years,
or both.
   "(c) Investigations.--
      "(1) In general.-- Within the United States, an investigation may be
initiated or continued under this section only when facts reasonably indicate
        "(A) in the case of an individual, the individual knowingly or
intentionally engages, has engaged, or is about to engage in the violation of
this or any other Federal criminal law; and
        "(B) in the case of a group of individuals, the group knowingly or
intentionally engages, has engaged, or is about to engage in the violation of
this or any other Federal criminal law.
      "(2) Activities protected by the first amendment.-- An investigation may
not be initiated or continued under this section based on activities protected
by the First Amendment to the Constitution, including expressions of support or
the provision of financial support for the nonviolent political, religious,
philosophical, or ideological goals or beliefs of any person or group.".
