
@_date: 1996-01-01 08:26:11
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: US calls for measures against Internet porn 
Apologies if you've seen this before:
         WASHINGTON DC (Reuter) - The US called Sunday for improved
management of the Internet to prevent people seeing pornographic
material on the world computer network.
         A joint statement from the Clinton administration's State
Council (Cabinet) and the office of the Republican Party's Planning
Committee said there were increasing links between domestic computer
systems and the Internet.
         ``Good use of the Internet is of great importance to increase
global information exchanges, promote economic construction and
develop science,'' the Associated Press quoted the statement as
         But because of weak management and lack of control over what
enters the Internet, some pornographic and other harmful materials
have come onto the system, it said. ``We must take effective measures
to deal with this,'' it said.
         German prosecutors said Friday they had launched an
investigation into the U.S.-based online service CompuServe Inc on
suspicion that members had sent child pornography over its worldwide
computer network.
         The inquiry prompted the service to block access to 200
sexually-explicit Internet discussion groups and sites where
pornographic pictures are available.
         An explosion in use and ownership of modems in the US is
giving an increasingly large number of people access to the Internet.
[The amazing thing is how _little_ editing was necessary.]

@_date: 1996-01-04 13:50:41
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re:US calls for measures against Internet porn [NOISE] 
I hope these headers are sufficient. I used the Clarinet news feed on
Netcom to get the original copy of the text. No doubt the story is on
archive sites elsewhere. I did _not_ post the original to cpunks.
Newsgroups: clari.tw.new_media,clari.news.issues.censorship,
 clari.world.asia.china,clari.tw.issues,clari.news.sex,clari.news.issues.misc,
 clari.news.censorship,clare.tw.misc
Thus, this is the first of the two stories you cited in "Will the real
Anonymous please stand up".
I am the author of that message.
The original of the story does quote Xinhua. I personally thought it
was a nice satirical touch to equate Xinhua and the Associated Press.
Apparently, my irony was lost.
Not the same anonymous. That was the AP story, and I believe is
That's me, thus the same as  but different from I agree this is confusing. I considered signing my posts "Mallet
D'nonymous," but decided that would be too much of a taunt.
I _do_ apologize for the confusion. I thought it was going to be a
nice clean satire, but the two wire stories made things more
complicated, and I perhaps did not step in to clear the confusion when
I should have.
The only reason I'm being anonymous is to protest the copyright laws.
Theoretically, my post may have been a violation of Reuters'
copyright. I believe this is the same reason why Anon  chose to be
anonymous, but of course I have no way of knowing for sure.

@_date: 1996-01-12 18:23:07
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Cryptology and classification 
Hi all,
Just received a memo, the "Desk Reference Guide" to Executive Order 12958.
This memo/executive order discusses classified national security
information.  The cypherpunks-interesting aspect of this memo lies in
exceptions to some new guidelines.  Basically, this executive order
removes the authority for the government to "permanently" classify
information.  Basically, classification is now limited to 10 years
(or 25 years in some special cases).  The exceptions to this allow
classification for longer durations for certain types of material.
These types include things like protecting intelligence sources and nuclear weapons design info.  One of the other exeptions is for:
"...information that would impair United States cryptologic systems
or activities."
This appears to be taken directly from the executive order, so these
types of decisions are being made at high levels.  Thought you might
be interested.

@_date: 1996-03-22 06:26:39
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: New FBI Spy 
Wall Street Journal, 21 March 1996
New FBI Access To Credit Files Raises Concern
By Vanessa O'Connell
Consumer-rights advocates are sounding alarms about a new
law giving the Federal Bureau of Investigation easier
access to credit-report information.
The little-noticed law enacted in January as part of the
Intelligence Authorization Act of 1996, allows FBI
officials to obtain key information from a person's
credit file without seeking a judge's permission.
Investigators still need a court order or a federal
grand jury subpoena to view someone's full credit report.
But they can get basic information with only written
authorization from the head of the FBI or his designee if
there's reason to suspect a person is a spy or terrorist
or has had contact with one. The basic information
available under the new law includes a person's
employment history, addresses, and a list of lenders and
other financial institutions with which the person has or
had relationships.
To avoid tipping off suspects to an investigation, the
new law also requires credit bureaus to keep secret any
FBI request to review a credit report.
Privacy and civil-rights experts say the law raises
numerous privacy concerns and leaves individuals
vulnerable. "The court-order warrant procedure is a major
protection of individual rights and it ought not be
suspended," said Alan F. Westin, professor of public law
and government at Columbia University.
Gregory Nojeim, legislative counsel for the American
Civil Liberties Union, complained that "all the FBI would
have to do is make a secret letter request to a credit
bureau based on secret FBI determinations."
"It's appalling," said David Banisar, a policy analyst at
the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a Washington
nonprofit public-interest group promoting better privacy
In the past, the FBI sometimes pulled credit reports in
criminal cases, but rarely looked at the credit files of
individuals it was secretly investigating as suspected
spies or terrorists. Before the new law, an FBI request
for credit information had to be listed in an
individual's file along with the names of lenders or
potential employers that asked to review the report.
Because FBI officials can now peek at credit reports in
secret, they're more likely to use the files to nab
suspected spies and terrorists, a Justice Department
official said. At the same time, the official said, it is
less likely that FBI agents will go to the trouble of
obtaining a person's full credit record, including the
status of any current accounts.

@_date: 1996-04-22 22:51:22
@_author: Anonymous 
@_subject: Re: Bad news from Judge Richey 
Any half-wit falling for agent provocateur Bell's rap will do hard time, or maybe get popped "in self-defense" by his TLA The son-of-a-bitch's baiting pigeon traps, no question. He's too myopic to see how he's luring falcons for attack by high-circling eagles. Bell's going down blind-sided with his
