
@_date: 1998-03-24 14:00:17
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: Chaffing and Winnowing 
Aside from the considerable overhead created by C/W,
I observe a possible pitfall. suppose I start every
new message at ID# 0. The first time I C/W a message
everything works fine. The next time I C/W a message
with the same MAC, I give some very juciy clues to
what both messages were. This is because the item that
the MAC applied to was an ID number and a bit. well, that
bit is either zero or one... so any bit that corresponds
between my first and second message will yield an identicle
MAC, thus making it easy for anybody to seperate some of the wheat from the chaff, merely by simple observation.
though in a real implementation, I probably wouldn't be so
niave as to start every new message with the same packet
ID, I point out that there's an upper limit on the amount of
data that should be transmitted before a new
authentication key should be arranged... that is assuming that
the ID field was of finite size. Rivest mentioned in passing
using a 32 bit ID. That's an impressive number of bits to
C/W, but certainly not unattainable.

@_date: 1998-04-10 11:40:10
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: announce: weaken for netscape !! 
since it is possible to fortify netscape navigator, it is also possible
to weaken it. i'm releasing this patch to underline the fact that you should
really think about the degree of trust you put in your crypto software or any
modifications done to it by others.
so what's this patch is ?
this is WEAKEN for netscape (should i put a (TM) logo ? )! it makes crypto in ssl useless !!
for people who dont believe me ... here's some tech details :
during handshake, ssl client and server exchange two random 32 bytes
sequences (Client.Random and Server.Random) in cleartext.
when the client receives the server's public key (if the cipherspec uses rsa),
it generates a 48 bytes random structure (this is the premaster secret) and
sends it to the server encrypted with that public key.
so if you can patch the software, how to make this schema useless ? just make
the premaster secret predictible, since the master secret is a function of
it, plus the two random structures which are available in clear to you (attacker)
you may now ask why this is interesting ? after all, if an attacker gains access
to your machine all the security is lost anyway. I released this to say that :
1- it is easy to fortify netscape, but can't verify that it really works (i mean
you cant verify that it offers real 128 security, what is saied in the properties
window in netscape after fortifying it is not a proof of security)
2- weakening netscape is easy ... but u can verify that it works !!
3- this is a very short byte sequence !! imagine what happenes if :
3-1 that sequence is propagated by a virus !
3-2 your boss installs that sequence by night in your computer !!
3-3 some vendors already ship their software with the weaken sequence !!!
enough with args, here is the stuff :
this patch works on communicator pro export for win32,
i downloaded the copy i worked on a few hours ago ... so by downloading the
latest communicator 4.04 export, english from netscape's ftp site you will
be able to weaken your browser ;) ... anyway if you want to be sure about your
version before weakening it, download fortify, and run it's md5 program with
following parameter :
md5 -r 0x400-0x32ca00,0x384a00:0x58400 ...\program\netscape.exe there is a line matching the version i'm talking about in the "index" file you
will find with fortify.exe (download the whole fortify from here's a copy from that line :
4096512 0x400-0x32ca00,0x384a00:0x58400 aea2aba6f731468e34fd1141f603ea20 pro  4.04 0 2 morphs-1.2 x86win32 (97325)
netscape's executable size : 4096512 bytes
by running md5 as indicated, you should obtain  this hash now this is the patch to apply :
look for byte sequence :
52 88 8d e0 fe ff ff 8a 40 01 6a 00 88 85 e1 fe ff ff e8 9e 27 00 00 83 c4 0c 8b f8
and change with
6a 72 52 88 8d e0 fe ff ff 8a 40 01 88 85 e1 fe ff ff e8 cd 98 94 77 83 c4 0c 33 ff
that's all !!!!
in short, i'm changing a call to GenerateRandom to memset >;-)
72 is the ascii code for 'r' (my favorite char).
if you can play with ssleay, you can change the ssl/ssl_txt.c, ssl/s3_srvr.c
and ssl/ssl.h in order to keep the premaster secret in memory so you can display it
in the output given by s_server -accept  -www
good luck

@_date: 1998-04-10 12:15:07
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: weaken : contact the author 
here's my pk, just drop me a message in the list
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3i
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1998-04-13 10:00:16
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: announce: WEAK S/MIME support for netscape messenger 
Hello all,
here's a new weaken patch, this time for netscape's mail client with S/MIME support.
when you send an encrypted email, it is first encrypted with a secret key. the secret
key is then encrypted with the recipient's public key.
this patch will modify netscape's mail client so that whenever it generates a
new key, it generates an all 0x72s key.
i hope i'll find time to release an S/MIME encrypted message parser... so that
anyone can verify the info.
the magic sequence :
look for :
51 6a 00 e8 86 27 00 00 83 c4 0c 8b f8
and change with
6a 72 51 e8 b5 98 94 77 83 c4 0c 33 ff
by just changing 9 bytes, you can read all the encrypted emails ! like the previous sequence, this substitues a call to GenerateRandom to a memset
of course it may be possible to do something more clever, like hashing a 16 bits
random key to produce a 128 bit one ! my ex-boss is already doing that.
here's how to know if the weaken sequence works on your browser:
use the md5 in fortify distrib
md5 -r 0x400-0x32ca00,0x384a00:0x58400 ...\program\netscape.exe
that should produce
the md5 for the whole program (netscape.exe) is :
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3i
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1998-04-16 00:30:13
@_author: Anonymous Sender 
@_subject: RE: Apple crypto engineer position available 
PGP did in fact invalidate CA concept, very successfully. There is a
world of difference between "everyone is a trust provider" and several
centralized CAs.
Authentication is an essential part of security. If one assumes wrong
who she is talking to then all "strong crypto" used is irrelevant, since
the middleman is browsing the plaintext.
If there is a need, CA customers will be given middleman's keys and all
traffic will be systematically captured, re-encrypted and forwarded to
the intended recipient for as long as required. Maybe even keys with the
same hash (id) can be generated to pass the verification. What percentage
of users would do the non-automated, manual check anyway ?
If trusting a secret key to escrowing entity (GAK) is a bad deal, how is
trusting someone's identity to CA any different ? In both cases security
is deposited with an organization that can be influenced in any number of
The CA concept does not work because security and privacy are inherently
individual, and any forced insertion of third parties in the process is
bound to miserably fail.
The Fool

@_date: 1998-06-12 15:00:08
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: Re: Position 
Isn't that a double negative? Hee, hee!
 -+DiGiTaL+-

@_date: 1998-08-03 08:54:48
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: none 
Yea, well that's been a problem for years now, which makes it no less relevant today, but it's hardly news.
The author calls this condition at state of war.  He's quite right.  If the tyrant has any opposition it's
from the criminal class, with the liberty squad standing mainly on the side lines giving an occassional muffled cheer and sometimes looking on to see what kind of tactics are being used by the crooks with hopes
that they might learn some tactics they were not brave enough to employ themselves.
I do not, however, know of any war waged successfully where the opposition is as scattered as the liberty crowd is,
therefore, it is being waged on an individual basis with technology, stealth, and the occassional
government that has yet to bend its knee to Uncle Sammy (which, by the way, are becoming fewer, not more).

@_date: 1998-08-04 09:55:31
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: none 
[...Initial message & Response...]
Frederick Burroughs  responded:
Economically? In the view of former ARVN (south-vietnamese army) officer I used to
work with, government stability was a big requirement (anarchists take note).
Stability measured as the system of government, not holders of offices. Of course
it's easy to understand his position in light of his country's recent history.
Despite his foreign attributes, he was the source of some amusement and interesting
Government stability depends on many variables, but history can and is used by
those with holdings as a simple measure.
Then again, a good "safe haven" doesn't necessarily offer the biggest return (or
loss) on your investment.
[...end original...]
(I left the subject in the body of this message as these remailers sometimes clip the
subject field.)
Good comments. History is useful for measuring not only stability, but many facets.
1.  Anguilla & Cate coming under pressure from Argentina. Would you say that Cate's
customer might have thought that a Carribean island might be a safe haven?
2.  Recent law suits over what people say about other people or companies. There doesn't
appear to be much security there for data between the u.s., canada and g.b.
Therefore, where can you find safety from intrusion by your host government, whether
they don't like what is on your server or another government or person doesn't like what
is on your computer?  Has anyone tackled this question in a studied way? (Yes, I know that
a number of good law firms would offer me an opinion for $350/hr.)
The only answer I can find, so far (and hence the question), is moving the data, which gets
expensive. It would seem that putting the data in a known safe haven in the first
place would be a better method of protecting it and then move it if assaulted.

@_date: 1998-10-10 17:13:48
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: Re: HOW MUCH CODE DID 'CYPHERPUNK' TIM MAY EVER WRITE? 
Quite a bit actually. I recently upgraded to a dual pentium II 400 and
I wanted to take advantage of the 64 bit capability (2x32 = 64, right)
so I've just finished the first beta of the AOL 64 bit port.
The question of Tim May's contribution to cypherpunks keeps coming up.
I noticed from the comments that the original AOL8 code base was written
by Tim May.
I hope that clears that up.

@_date: 1998-10-10 23:27:32
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: Here we go again... 
WARNING TO PARENTS:
A form of tattoo called "Blue Star" is being sold to school children.
It is a small piece of paper containing a blue star. They are the size of a
pencil eraser and each star contains traces of Lysergic Acid Deithylamide
The drug is absorbed through the skin simply by handling the paper. They
are also brightly colored paper tattoos resembling postage stamps that
have the pictures of the following on them:
              Superman       Mickey Mouse         Butterflies
              Clowns         Disney Characters    Bart Simpson
Each one is wrapped in foil.  This is a new way of selling LSD by appealing
to young children.  These are laced with drugs.  If your child gets any of
the above, do not handle them. These are known to react quickly and
some are laced with strychnine, which may cause irreversible brain damage in
some cases. The drug is addictive and, in the quantities contained in the
above items, can cause children to become additcts.
Please feel free to distribute this article within your community and work
FROM:          J. O'Donnell, Danbury
          Hospital, Outpatient Chemical Dependency
          Treatment Service

@_date: 1998-10-11 13:15:10
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: Bloodgate 
Vince Foster suicide linked to Arkansas tainted plasma sales
Mark Kennedy
The Ottawa Citizen
The controversy over how a U.S. firm collected tainted blood from
Arkansas prison inmates and shipped it to Canada has spread to Vince
Foster -- U.S. President Bill Clinton's personal confidant who committed
suicide in 1993. Mr. Foster, a boyhood friend of Mr. Clinton's, was one of the president's
most trusted advisers. As a corporate lawyer in Arkansas, he worked in the
same law office as Hillary Rodham Clinton and became a close colleague of
hers. When Mr. Clinton left Arkansas for the White House in early 1993, he
called on Mr. Foster -- known as an earnest individual with high ethical
standards -- to join him as deputy White House counsel. Mr. Foster
obliged, also remaining the Clintons' personal lawyer. Now, five years after
his mysterious death, two developments have prompted questions about
Mr. Foster's knowledge of the U.S. company's prison-blood collection
scheme:   - There are signs that Mr. Foster tried to protect the company called Health
    Management Associates (HMA) more than a decade ago in a lawsuit.   - And a major U.S. daily newspaper recently reported that Mr. Foster may
    have been worried about the tainted-blood scandal, which was just
    emerging as a contentious issue in Canada, when he killed himself in July
    1993. Mr. Clinton was governor of Arkansas when the Canadian blood supply
was contaminated in the early and mid-1980s. He was familiar with the
operations of the now-defunct HMA, the Arkansas firm given a contract by
Mr. Clinton's state administration to provide medical care to prisoners. In
the process, HMA was also permitted by the state to collect prisoners'
blood and sell it elsewhere. HMA's president in the mid-1980s, Leonard Dunn, was a friend of Mr.
Clinton's and a political ally. Later, Mr. Dunn was a Clinton appointee to
the Arkansas Industrial Development Commission and he was among the
senior members of Mr. Clinton's 1990 gubernatorial re-election team. The contaminated prisoners' plasma -- used to create special blood
products for hemophiliacs -- is believed to have been infected with HIV, the
virus that causes AIDS. As well, it's likely the plasma was contaminated
with hepatitis C. Any information linking Mr. Foster to HMA and its blood program is bound
to raise more questions about how much Mr. Clinton knew. Michael Galster, a medical practitioner who did contract work for the
prison system, has revealed to the Citizen that Mr. Foster once approached
him in the mid 1980s to ask for a favour. At the time, Mr. Clinton's administration and HMA were facing a
$12-million lawsuit from a prisoner whose infected leg had been amputated
at the hip in 1982. The inmate was claiming that poor medical care by an HMA doctor -- who
had been working in the prison despite being denied a permanent licence to
practice by the state medical board -- had resulted in the needless
amputation. Mr. Galster, an expert in prosthetics, says HMA's medical director had
asked him to build a special artificial leg for the prisoner in the hope that it
would lead to an out-of-court settlement. Mr. Galster refused to get
involved, and was visited several weeks later at his office by Mr. Foster,
who appealed again for his assistance. "The purpose of his being there was to convince me to take this, smooth it
over and everybody would be happy," says Mr. Galster, who has written a
fictionalized account of the prison-blood collection saga, called Blood Trail. "I refused him. He said, 'I understand your predicament, but this could
make it difficult for you to get a future state contract.' "If it's like the past state contracts I've had, I don't need any," Mr. Galster
says he replied. "He (Foster) kind of laughed and said 'OK, I appreciate
your time.' " It was the only time the two met, but Mr. Galster now says he believes Mr.
Foster was trying to protect both Mr. Clinton and HMA from public
embarrassment. The questions surrounding Mr. Foster became even more intriguing when,
several days ago, the New York Post published an article entitled "The
tainted blood mystery" by one of its columnists, Maggie Gallagher. She
reported on how the Citizen had broken a lengthy story in mid-September
about the Arkansas prison-blood scheme. Most significantly, Ms. Gallagher wrote that the story suddenly cast new
meaning upon "a strange little memory fragment" that had been "meaningless
in itself." Citing a source who asked not to be identified, Ms. Gallagher reported that
a day or two after Mr. Foster died on July 20, 1993, someone called a
little-known phone number at the White House counsel's office where Mr.
Foster had worked. "The man said he had some information that might be important," wrote Ms.
Gallagher. "Something had upset Vince Foster greatly just days before he
died. Something about 'tainted blood' that both Vince Foster and President
Clinton knew about, this man said." Mr. Foster's mysterious death spawned a political controversy from the
moment that police, responding to an anonymous 911 caller, found his body
in a national park in Washington, D.C. Police concluded that Mr. Foster had stood there coatless in the
late-afternoon heat, inserted the muzzle of an antique Colt 38. revolver into
his mouth and pulled the trigger. Immediately, conspiracy theorists began
spreading rumours that Mr. Foster had been murdered. But independent
counsel Robert Fiske (a special prosecutor who examined the Whitewater
scandal before being replaced by Kenneth Starr) conducted his own review
and agreed with police that it was suicide. It was believed that Mr. Foster had been suffering from depression and was
especially perturbed by a brewing scandal in which he was embroiled. In
the so-called Travelgate fiasco, Clinton aides had fired several veteran
White House travel-office employees as part of an alleged attempt to give
the lucrative travel business to Arkansas cronies. However, Ms. Gallagher's column has raised questions over whether Mr.
Foster was distressed about something he knew regarding tainted blood,
and whether this anxiety contributed to his suicide. In Canada, the summer of 1993 was a critical period. A Commons
committee, which had conducted a brief review of the tainted blood
scandal, had just released its report in May. Its first recommendation called
for a major "public inquiry" to conduct a "full examination of the events of
the 1980s" when the Canadian blood supply became contaminated with
AIDS. Indeed, on Sept. 16 -- eight weeks after Foster's death -- the federal
government announced the public inquiry, to be headed by Justice Horace
Krever. During the course of his work, Justice Krever unearthed the
Arkansas prison-blood collection scheme and wrote about it in his final
report last year. However, no mention was made of Mr. Clinton until last month's story in
the Citizen, which drew on documents obtained from Arkansas State Police
files.

@_date: 1998-10-21 23:29:10
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: cypherpunks archives, books 
Could someone post the address of the current
cypherpunks archives again? Everything seems
to be missing or out of date.
Also, what's the name of that book... The Crystal Palace?
Maybe I'm confused.
Thanks for the info.
--THE LIE

@_date: 1998-10-22 09:27:23
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: The latest news from Toto 
I got a letter from Toto today, and he's doing well. Or at least as well
as one can under his circumstances.
He has a few friendly requests, though, which I'm not necessarily in any
position to respond to.
* Does anyone have an RSA-in-perl t-shirt (or sweatshirt, or whatever)
to spare? He wants the Well Dressed CypherPunk Defendant Look (TM) in
* Declan McCullagh: Congratulations, you've been added to the visitors'
* Oh, yeah! If someone could mail me copies of the FPP stuff, it would be
nice, since the Shrink Rapper has copies and I don't. (The IRS is sending
it to him as part of his punishment for laughing at my jokes...)
If anyone knows what he's referring to, reply to the cpunks list and I'll
get in touch personally, or just mail it to him directly.

@_date: 1998-10-26 06:52:19
@_author: "Joseph 'Anonymous' Howe" 
@_subject: Re: so, what did Toto *do*,...... 
In a post primarily about your feelings about Klinton, you outlined
a detailed suicide fantasy ("meet your maker") and suggested other people
might like to eat a bullet too. That's closer to presidential assasination
than Toto ever got.
