
@_date: 1996-07-23 14:08:09
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: alpha.c2.org down again? 
I am receiving empty messages for my alpha.c2.org account.
Whats up?

@_date: 1996-08-01 00:19:09
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: New Clinton (anti-) Encryption Policy nnn 
Using encryption to hide illicit weapons? I think somebodys
been watching too much TV.
VR Troopers Transform!!

@_date: 1996-08-25 10:19:14
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: blahPGP/Remailers in the News! 
Here's an EXCELLENT column on PGP and remailers:
Roadside Attractions Along the Information Highway
Your e-mail doesn't have to be for everyone's eyes
efficient way to communicate. If things are working right, you can dash off a memo to a friend or colleague halfway across the world and they'll receive it within minutes. (On the other hand, I've sent off important e-mail messages into cyberspace never to hear from them again, but that's another column.)
private. In fact, it's a lot like mailing a postcard to a friend. Just as a lot of people handle your postcard before it gets to its final destination, your e-email mesages pass through a lot of computers before they land in the recipient's in-box. In both cases, there are plenty of opportunites for people to read your messages before they get where they're going.
sending to your Aunt Clara, but sensitive monthly sales reports you're emailing to your boss might be another story. While there's no way to absolutely guarantee e-mail privacy on the Net, there is a fairly simple way to make it extremely hard for prying eyes to read your messages. It's called encryption, and there's a couple of good programs available that can teach you how to encode your messages.
to make them unintelligible. The recipient then unscrambles them on the receiving end, converting them back into plain English. There are several encryption programs available on the Internet. I recommend you try PGP, which stands for Pretty Good Privacy. You can download a free copy of PGP from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Web site: make that process easier, you should download a copy of Private Idaho, a free program that will make using PGP a point-and-click process. Private Idaho also will enable you to post anonymously to Usenet Newsgroups and do other neat tricks, such as anonymously access Web sites with your browser (you did know that you leave electronic "mouse tracks" when you visit Web sites, didn't you?)
 [retypist's note: yes, the article had "(tilde)" in place of "~"] Unfortunately for Mac users, Private Idaho is available only for Windows.
want to consider using anonymous remailers to send and receive your messages. These remailers strip your messages of your reutrn address and allow you to send e-mail that can't be easily traced back to you.
For a nice list to choose from, surf over to:  If you're REALLY paranoid about hiding your electronic tracks, you can send your message through several anonymous remailers, which will obscure your identity over and over again. To learn more about this process, check out you want to use, try the Community ConneXion at:  This site will allow you to point-and-click your way through the process of selecting remailers and sending your messages.
Electronic Privacy Information Center:

@_date: 1996-08-31 13:41:10
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: www.anonymizer.com 
Please hit your carriage return once in a while. I had to format your post
manually so I could read it.
If the destination server can pick the port you used, there's a good chance
they can figure out your account name, and therefore your email address.
Many sites these days run identd, which in my opinion is a simply annoying
daemon. Most of those that run it run it because some of their users, most
of whom couldn't find two brain cells to rub together, whine about their
precious IRC servers not allowing them on without it, instead of simply
using IRC servers that will.

@_date: 1996-09-03 07:44:09
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: strengthening remailer protocols 
I don't really see the use of this complicated scheme.  The main
problem seems to be that if M floods remailer R with messages to B,
and A sends a message to C through R, then it will be clear to M that
A's message was destined for C.
Rather than divert messages, then, I propose that for each input
message there is a 10% chance that a piece of cover traffic is
generated.  Thus, if M sends 50 messages through R and sees 6 outgoing
messages going to remailers C, D, and D, he will now know which
messages correspond to the message that A send through.

@_date: 1996-09-07 03:01:59
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: 16oz packages 
What happens if there is no return address, or the return address is
in another state?  Do they throw out the package?  Do they open it?
Do they have a bomb squad destroy it (could get expensive if a lot of
16 oz packages are incorrectly mailed).

@_date: 1996-09-07 08:53:26
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: TWA 800 - Friendly Fire? 
The latest rumor.
The message came to me from a man who was Safety Chairman for the
Airline Pilots Association for many years and he is considered an
expert on safety.  He would not ever spread idle rumor.  In short,
he is usually quite certain before saying anything!
The following information about TWA Fight 800 was received this
afternoon:  (08-22-96 )
TWA flight 800 was shot down by a U.S. Navy guided missile ship
which was in area W-105.  W-105 is a Warning Area off the SouthEast
coast of Long Island and is used by the military for missile firing
and other military operations.
Guided missile ships travel all over the world defending the US
and they were conducting practice firings up over the top of a Navy
P-3 radar plane who was on a Southwest heading about over the top
of TWA 800.  Evidently the missile is suppose to go over the top
of the P-3 and the accuracy of the missile is being measured by
instrumentation in the P-3.
There was a USAir flight coming from the Southeast descending
towards Providence, RI that had been cleared to 21,000 feet and
the TWA 800 aircarft was restricted to 13,000 feet.  The air traffic
controller requested the USAir flight to turn on his landing lights
with the idea that TWA might see his lights and identify him.  At
that point, he would clear the TWA flight to continue his climb.
The P-3 was a non-beacon target (transponder OFF) flying southwest
in the controlled airspace almost over TWA 800 and made NO calls
to ATC.  After the explosion, he continued his flight to the west
and then called ATC and asked if they would like him to turn around
and assist with the "accident!"
You will remember that the first announcement about this accident
came from the Pentagon.  The spokesman mentioned that they were
sending the Navy to the crash site.  They immediately sent a Navy
Captain who was replaced the next day by an Admiral.  That Admiral
is still on the scene.
The FBI has conducted at least 3,000 eyewitness interviews and the
NTSB has not been able to be a part of these interviews not have
any access to the contents of them.  Some of those eyewitnesses
reported seeing lights.  Those were probably the landing lights of
the USAir plane.
It has been a cover-up from the word go.  The NTSB is there in name
ONLY.  All announcements made by Mr. Bob Francis say absolutely
nothing and notice that the FBI is always standing beside or behind
Mr. Francis and it would appear that his job is to make sure that
nothing is said that would give away "THE BIG SECRET!"
It is time to end this farce and tell the public the real truth as
to what happened to TWA 800.
My source shall remain my own but the above information is true
and I believe it will all become known soon.  Now that all of you
know the real truth.

@_date: 1996-09-12 03:56:20
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: 'robert' and his 'hipcrime' web site 
Have you considered who is funding this "hipcrime" site?  Web sites aren't
terribly expensive these days, but someone paid at least a few hundred
dollars in set-up fees for this.  Now, I realize that most artists really
just like to draw, and will spend money on their art projects without
expecting any kind of benefit; that is not unusual.  What is unusual is
the disclaimer and its corporate mentailty, and the "anarchist info".
It's obvious that this guy's true passion is fractals and raytracing.  He threw in some bomb-making stuff, but he scanned it out of a book and
probably never tried it.  Compared to the rest of the site, it looks like
an afterthought.  Someone who was really interested in chemistry would
have taken the time to retype the info and add their own comments.  He
had a reason to have some "anarchist" info on there but he's not really
interested in it.  So basically this guy is a mathematician/artist trying
to pretend he's an anarchist.
Same goes for the remailers.  He claims he likes remailers and anonymity,
but he's lying.  Anyone who really liked remailers/anonymity/privacy would
have pages and pages about how to use remailers, and why privacy is a good
thing.  He has a reason he needs to be anonymous, but it's not because
he supports privacy.  He publishes a PGP key, because he wants to pretend
he's an anarchist, and Louis Freeh told him that all evil terrorist
organizations use PGP.  But he doesn't like PGP, he doesn't advocate PGP,
and he doesn't tell you where to get PGP.
So we have a guy, probably with an education in mathematics, who likes
abstract art.  Not what would generally be considered a political figure.
But there's something else there - something that doesn't want to be seen,
something that is very strongly lawℴ, something that doesn't
understand the anarchy of the net, and fears it.  Something that has the
money to fund lots of little pet projects.  Is robert
just a useful idiot who found someone who will fund his fractal creations?
Or is he a willing participant?  I guess it doesn't matter really.
Someone here doesn't like us... didn't like us before Hipcrime went online,
and still doesn't like us.  But now at least he's got our attention.

@_date: 1996-09-13 04:50:06
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Child Porn as Thoughtcrime 
But this proves precisely Tim's original point, that child
pornography is a thoughtcrime.
   Here's a working definition of child pornography at the end of the
millenium: it's a picture of a child, in the hands of a pedophile.
Pictures of girls in leotarfds are not child pornography per se, but
if you think evil thoughts while watching them, then they become child
pornography. What got Stephen Knox in trouble was leaving so much
evidence that he was thinking those evil thoughts.

@_date: 1996-09-17 11:32:08
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Pro-CODE bill may not help much 
After reading the text of Senator Burns's pro-CODE bill (S.1726), I'm
not convinced that the bill would actually remove the barriers to the
export of PGP and other strong encryption software.  I'd like to know
whether you agree with my concerns, or if you think that the bill
would adequately protect encryption software exports.
I'm not sure that this interpretation of the pro-CODE bill is correct,
at least as far as points (1) and (2) are concerned.  It appears to me
that the bill allows the goverment to retrict all exports of
cyptographic software for general use, as long as similar retrictions
are imposed on the export of software for use by foreign banks.  PGP
could still be prohibited.  I will quote the relevant sections of the
bill, with my comments.
In other words, a "general license" means that rules may be
established regulating the export of certain materials, as long prior
written application or prior written authorization for the export is
not required.  For example, "Permission is hereby granted to export
all encryption software with a key length not exceeding 40 bits; no
written application is necessary." would be an example of a general
license to export a particular type of software.
I interpret this to mean that export of this type of software can
still be restricted by the terms of a "general license".  Even though
prior written permission cannot be required for export, export is
permitted only if the terms of the general license are complied with.
This is not the same as "unrestricted export of mass market software";
in fact, for some types of software, the "general license" rules could
still forbid export entirely.
The following section describes the conditions under which the
Secretary of Commerce is required to grant a general license allowing
In other words, the Secretary must define the terms of the general
license in such a way that software of "similar capability" to
software that is exportable to foreign banks is also exportable for
general use.  Note that the requirement is that the software must be
similar to software that can already be exported for use by foreign
banks; it is neither necessary nor sufficient that similar products be
available from foreign sources.  The "similar products available from
foreign competitors" rule was in the Leahy bill, but I see nothing
like it in the pro-CODE bill.
PGP could be held not to be of "similar capability" to the banking
software, and not exportable under the terms of the general license,
because it uses a different encryption algorithm, a different key
length, and is capable of encrypting arbitrary data, not just
financial transactions.  In the future, if key escrow requirements
were imposed on software exported to foreign banks, the same
restriction could be imposed on software exported for general use.
It seems to me that the idea behind section 3(A) is that if foreign
bankers are willing to accept a certain level of encryption, then
everyone else will accept it too, so the software industry will be
able to make money exporting it; the few people who want something
better (e.g. to protect their privacy against government wiretapping)
don't have to be protected, because denying them protection won't cost
the software companies any money.
I include section 3(B) only for completeness, because it is mentioned
in section 3(A):
Do other people agree with this interpretation of the bill?  Are most
people satisfied that the bill would actually protect the right to
export PGP and other strong encryption software?  I haven't seen this
discussed in this group before.  I realize that this may be academic,
because the bill is unlikely to pass now.

@_date: 1996-09-19 00:35:05
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: The daily warning about Timmy May, the lying sack of shit 
Timmy May proves that the Midwestern gene pool needs some chlorine in it.

@_date: 1996-09-20 12:12:50
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: DL in exchange for fingerprint 
How about just putting your finger in a cast or splint before you
renew your license?

@_date: 1996-09-21 05:12:56
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: A daily warning regarding Tim C[ocksucker] Maya, the lying sack of shit 
Tim C[ocksucker] Maya studied yoga back-streching exercises for five years so he could blow himself (nobody else will).

@_date: 1996-09-21 12:32:05
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Anonymous Oddsman 2 
Current English U.S. Presidential betting odds are now offered on 2 services, but there's no Perot bet at Ladbroke House, and no Harry Browne on either.
Ladbrokes customer service @ +44 181 8621820 is still at Clinton 1:7, Dole 4:1 As promised, this time our roving reporter inquired about Harry Browne. The Libertarian candidate, once offered at 50:1 by Ladbroke House earlier this year, is not now offered. H. Ross Perot, perhaps reflecting the decision of the debate commission not to invite him, is also not offered at Ladbroke House.
The wonderful thing about a free gambling marketplace, though, is that you can always go elsewhere if you want to take a gamble on Ross. The William Hill customer helpline @ +44 990 181715 said Clinton 1:8, Dole 9:2 and for Perot they can give you a whopping 250:1!
Also, no odds given on Browne at William Hill, so in summary:
                   Ladbroke House         William Hill
 ------------------------------------------------------------
 Clinton	  1:7 (no change)           1:8
 Dole           4:1 (no change)           9:2
 Perot          (was 50:1 now 0)          250:1
 Browne       *                                    *
 ------------------------------------------------------------
*Not currently offered.
Next posting when we get around to it, or when the situation seems to have changed substantially. Many thanks to our roving reporter for these numbers.
anonymous oddsman.

@_date: 1996-09-22 18:46:19
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: A daily word of caution regarding Tim C[ocksucker] May 
`A pen is mightier than a sword', not to mention Tim C[ocksucker] May's pea-sized penis. He would be better served by a safety razor, possibly applied in a bathtub filled with warm water (something he has surely never been into).

@_date: 1996-09-27 16:23:29
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: ssh - How widely used? 
Yup.  Really nifty package that has been out (for unix) for about a
year.  Unfortunately, the author is turning it into a commerial
product, so it may not be freely available in the future.  There is
now a Windows port, but it is entirely a commecial product.  Source is
not available.
Though ssh is on the whole a nifty product, the unix version contained
a number of nasty implementation bugs that opened large security
holes.  These were found because source code was made available.  I
wouldn't trust the Windows version.  It seems inevitable that there
will be some bugs in it, but unlike the Unix version, "good guys" are
a lot less likely to find and report them.

@_date: 1996-09-29 07:43:12
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] Labeling messages 
Fart fart fart fart TWA 800 fart fart fart.  Tim May fart fart AP fart
Taxes fart fart fart.  Fart.

@_date: 1996-09-30 08:23:33
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Does any body know anything about this? 
Is this just more snakeoil or is this real?
<<<<<<<< FORWARDED MESSAGE >>>>>>>>
                         ***   ***   ***   ***   ***
                  University of Cambridge Computer Laboratory
                                EXTRA SEMINAR
SPEAKER:        Matt Blaze
                AT&T Research
DATE:           Monday 23rd September 1996 at 11.30 am
PLACE:          Room TP4, Computer Laboratory
TITLE:          SYMMETRIC-KEY CIPHERS BASED ON HARD PROBLEMS
A useful principle in cipher design is to reduce or at least relate
closely the cryptanalysis of the cipher to some long-studied problem
that is believed to be difficult.  Most public-key ciphers follow this
principle fairly closely (e.g., RSA is at least similar to factoring).
Modern symmetric-key ciphers, on the other hand, can rarely be reduced
in this way and so are frequently designed specifically to resist the
various known cryptanalytic attacks.  In this informal talk, we examine
a simple cipher primitive, based on Feistel networks, for which recovery
of its internal state given its inputs and outputs is NP-complete.  We
outline simple and efficient block- and stream- cipher constructions
based on this primitive.
                        *       *       *
The regular Michaelmas term seminar series will resume on the 8th
October with a series of talks on Tuesday afternoons at 4.15 PM in room TP4, Computer Laboratory, Pembroke Street, Cambridge. A list of speakers
will be circulated shortly.
                        *       *       *

@_date: 1996-09-30 17:57:15
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Tools for Rendering Censorship Firewalls Ineffective 
7) Punish all those accessing forbidden web sites with caning or
   forced labor.

@_date: 1996-10-02 15:06:12
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: White House crypto proposal -- too little, too late 
I don't doubt that they can do this if they really want to, but I
wonder what legal basis they will use for import restrictions.
Are there any current import restrictions for products on can legally
manufacture, sell, and use in the United States?

@_date: 1996-10-04 13:43:26
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: [ANNOUNCEMENT] Cyclic codes 
Now is the time for all good little boys to cum in Timmy May's big mouth.

@_date: 1996-10-06 02:18:51
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Paths of trust in PGP 
^^^^^^^
Use it and help AT&T bring key escrow to your door.
No thanks.

@_date: 1996-10-07 08:01:26
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: PGP 
There's a rumor that Timmy C. May sells his dead relatives as fertiliser as they constitute the best shit in California.

@_date: 1996-10-07 16:35:03
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: ElGamal 
Tim Maysits at his terminal dressed in five-inch stiletto heels, fishnet stockings, a gold-lame mini-skirt, a purple halter with girdle underneath to keep in his flabby gut, A Fredericks of Hollywood padded bra also underneath the halter, a cheap Naomi Sims pink afro wig, waiting to yank his crank whenever a black man responds to one of his posts.

@_date: 1996-10-08 05:08:08
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: A daily warning regarding Dmitri Vulis 
Dmitri vulis is a liar and fills this list with lies,
personal attacks and material having nothing to do with
He also has unnatural sexual urges towards children,
animals and other such items.

@_date: 1996-10-08 16:05:11
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: (fwd) RSA on GAK 
RSA Optimistic on User Benefits of Administration's Recent Key Recovery
Initiative Announcement; Further policy change required for U.S. vendors
to be competitive worldwide Source: Business Wire REDWOOD CITY, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE) via Individual Inc. -- RSA Data
Security Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Security Dynamics
Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:SDTI), issued the following comments on the
administration's recent announcement of a Key Recovery Initiative: The administration's proposed Key Recovery Initiative is a positive step
towards meeting the needs of individuals and organizations that buy and
use products which utilize encryption. However, the proposal leaves
significant competitive issues unresolved for suppliers who compete
overseas. Modern encryption and authentication technologies are crucial to the
growth of electronic commerce and the health of the future global
electronic economy. The continued leadership of American computer and
software firms in the world market depends on their ability to provide
competitive solutions for consumers and businesses around the world. These consumers and businesses depend increasingly on encryption and
authentication technologies -- such as those developed at RSA -- to
provide solutions that protect the privacy of consumer purchases,
personal medical information, sensitive corporate data, and electronic
commerce and funds transfers as they travel over the global Internet. U.S. government agencies, however, have long insisted that they must
have potential access to all encrypted information for law enforcement
purposes, and have advanced several proposals toward those ends. To date, these proposals have met with little support from the user and
vendor communities due to concerns about privacy and competitiveness.
This new proposal from the administration, however, is a move in the
right direction for users. One positive step is that the administration has indicated, for the
first time in over six years of discussion, that it will lift all key
size restrictions on the export of products which utilize cryptography,
provided that manufacturers provide a viable means of key recovery for
legitimate government access. In addition, under the administration's proposal, industry, not
government, will develop and propose the actual key recovery mechanisms.
This will result in more effective solutions to managing and recovering
keys. Finally, the proposal addresses the concerns of users that any third
party designated to hold user keys might improperly disclose those keys,
thereby compromising a user's right to privacy. The administration has
agreed that under certain circumstances, organizations would be allowed
to "self-escrow" their own encryption keys. RSA is confident that industry can develop and gain approval for several
excellent key recovery mechanisms that would be acceptable to government
concerns. In fact, RSA has been a pioneer in this field with our RSA
Emergency Access technology in its award-winning RSA SecurPC product. In the case of SecurPC, companies using the product can use Emergency
Access keys with RSA's unique secret-splitting technology to gain access
to critical information in the event of an emergency. The recently announced Key Recovery Alliance, of which RSA is a part, is
chartered to provide a flexible, workable solution for users working
within the government's proposed key recovery framework. Members of the
group are working on technology which will allow users to maintain the
privacy of their keys while allowing legitimate business or law
enforcement authorities to recover keys when appropriate. It will also address challenges that arise when a user must comply with
the differing encryption policies in countries around the world. The
technology could allow products to provide the flexibility a user needs
to take full advantage of the maximum privacy allowed in their locality,
while maintaining interoperability and information exchange with other
users regardless of location. It is not clear, however, to what extent the administration's proposal
provides relief to U.S. software and hardware companies who must compete
with foreign suppliers. These foreign suppliers, not subject to U.S.
law, can provide strong, non-key-recovery encryption in their products. Today, most major computer and software solutions firms derive
significant revenues from outside the United States. The government's
proposal, while satisfying the U.S. government's needs, does little to
enhance the competitiveness of American products overseas. Robust
encryption products are already available from many overseas suppliers,
and U.S. market share in encryption-enabled products is under siege. Under this proposal, it appears that U.S. companies will still be
prohibited from selling non-key-recovery encryption solutions in
overseas markets, creating a significant barrier to their
competitiveness. RSA looks forward to additional announcements by the administration that
specifically address this issue and provide competitive relief for the
U.S. computer software and hardware industries. RSA Data Security Inc. RSA Data Security Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Security Dynamics
Technologies Inc. (NASDAQ:SDTI), is the world's brand name for
cryptography, with more than 75 million copies of RSA encryption and
authentication technologies installed and in use worldwide. RSA technologies are part of existing and proposed standards for the
Internet and World Wide Web, ITU, ISO, ANSI, IEEE, and business,
financial and electronic commerce networks around the globe. The company
develops and markets platform-independent developer's kits and end-user
products and provides comprehensive cryptographic consulting services. Founded in 1982 by the inventors of the RSA Public Key Cryptosystem, the
company is headquartered in Redwood City. Note to Editors: RSA Emergency Access, RSA SecurPC, BSAFE and TIPEM are
trademarks of RSA Data Security Inc. All other product and brand names
are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. CONTACT: For RSA Data Security Inc. | Patrick Corman, 415/326-9648 |
corman [10-04-96 at 08:17 EDT, Business Wire] Contact: Business Wire

@_date: 1996-10-09 08:04:21
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: ElGamal 
No, you must be confused, I believe you are talking about Dmitri Vulis or whatever his fucked up name is.

@_date: 1996-10-09 05:22:40
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Porn and commerce 
Copyright (c) Virginia Law Review Association 1996.
                           Virginia Law Review
                              April, 1996
                           82 Va. L. Rev. 535
ESSAY: VIRTUAL REALITY AND "VIRTUAL WELTERS": A NOTE ON THE COMMERCE     In recent months, there has been a great deal of publicity regarding the availability of pornography over the Internet and other computer networks, along with proposals for regulation. n1 Recent months have also seen the prosecution of one couple, located in California, by  authorities in Memphis, Tennessee, for the contents of a computer bulletin board they operated. n2 According to media accounts, the Memphis location was chosen for its conservative juries, who were expected to be unsympathetic to Bay Area pornographers. n3 No doubt more such  prosecutions, by both federal and state and local authorities, are on the
    As the first of its kind, this prosecution raises interesting  questions regarding the appropriateness and nature of "community  standards" n4 developed to deal with local entities like bookstores n5 and movie theaters n6 as applied to almost locationless entities such as computer bulletin board systems. Indeed, the American Civil Liberties Union has argued in court that the appropriate community standard for such cases is that of the online community, rather than of any particular geographic area. n7
    My point here, though, is a narrower one: that we need not even  reach the First Amendment to discover serious difficulties with  locality-based regulation of computer bulletin board systems. Instead, we may look to the Supreme Court's Commerce Clause jurisprudence for some useful guidance on the inappropriateness of such regulation. Only where regulations pass the Commerce Clause test is it even necessary to address First Amendment issues, and, as I will suggest, even there the test provides significant guidance.
   Computer Bulletin Boards
Most readers by now are familiar with computer networks and bulletin  boards, but a brief review may nonetheless be helpful. Traditional  publishing of books, magazines, and movies gave the publisher  near-complete control over their markets and destinations. Typically, sales required local distributors (bookstores, movie theaters, etc.), who would be knowledgeable concerning local laws and mores and who could limit purchases by minors.      Computer bulletin boards, on the other hand, work quite differently. When accessed via the Internet, all computers are virtually equidistant: as I can attest from personal experience, it is no more trouble to browse the collection of a library in Sydney, Australia than of the one next door. Computer "publishers" do not distribute the product to their customers; their customers come to them. A user desiring to acquire sexual images (or, for that matter, plans for building birdhouses) must seek out the service in question and download the product, having it sent over the network to his or her computer. Not only do the operators of such services have no local presence, nothing takes place in the customer's geographic location that is not initiated by the customer. Thanks to the proliferation of computer technology, computer bulletin board services (both free and for profit) have become numerous. An individual service might, in a given day, reach millions of users in scores of different states and nations.
   The Interstate Sales Tax Analogy
Although this fact has generated a great deal of interesting First  Amendment literature already, with more certain to be on the way, it raises another issue that has so far received no attention. In short, the trading of information (including, but not limited to, sexually explicit information) among states is interstate commerce. State regulation of interstate commerce is subject to limits, even where Congress has not acted, under the so-called "dormant" Commerce Clause. n8
    In a strikingly similar situation, the Supreme Court has repeatedly struck down state laws aimed at commercial activity that, but for its multistate character, would otherwise be subject to state power. These cases involve state efforts to apply sales tax laws to interstate  catalog merchants.
    The leading case is Quill Corp. v. North Dakota, n9 decided in 1992. Quill involved an effort by North Dakota's taxing authorities to levy sales taxes on Quill's catalog sales in North Dakota, a somewhat cheeky effort in light of the Supreme Court's 1967  National Bellas Hess decision that barred just that sort of thing. n10 Quill had no physical presence in the state. Its only contact was the mailing of catalogs and flyers to customers in North Dakota. North Dakota maintained that this was sufficient contact with the state to support taxation. Quill Corp. argued that such taxation violated its due process rights, and furthermore was inconsistent with the Commerce Clause.
    The Supreme Court rejected the due process argument, holding that the purposeful mailing of 24 tons of catalogs and flyers per year into North Dakota was sufficient contact with the state to support taxation. According to the Court, this conduct indicated that "Quill has  purposefully directed its activities at North Dakota residents." n11 In light of this behavior, the Court held, subjecting Quill to taxation did not offend due process.
    Nonetheless, the Court found the taxation impermissible on the  distinct ground of interstate commerce. Although the Court found sufficient "minimum contacts" to satisfy due process, it also found that there was not the "substantial nexus" needed to satisfy the Commerce Clause. "Despite the similarity in phrasing," the Court said, "the nexus requirements of the Due Process and Commerce Clauses are not identical. The two standards are animated by different constitutional concerns and policies." n12 In short, although due process relates to individual fairness, Commerce Clause concerns in this context have to do with "structural concerns about the effects of state regulation on the national economy." n13
    In the case of state sales taxes, the Court's concern was that  subjecting interstate businesses to a multiplicity of inconsistent state sales tax laws would place a substantial burden on interstate commerce even if each individual sales tax were reasonable. As the Court said:
On its face, North Dakota law imposes a collection duty on every vendor who advertises in the State three times in a single year. Thus, absent the Bellas Hess rule, a publisher who included a subscription card in three issues of its magazine, a vendor whose radio advertisements were heard in North Dakota on three occasions, and a corporation whose  telephone sales force made three calls into the State, all would be  subject to the collection duty. What is more significant, similar  obligations might be imposed by the Nation's 6,000-plus taxing  jurisdictions. n14
The Court went on to quote Bellas Hess to the effect that the resulting "many variations in rates of tax, in allowable exemptions, and in  administrative record-keeping requirements could entangle [a mail-order house] in a virtual welter of complicated obligations." n15 Because such complexity would subject interstate commerce to a burden that would not apply to intrastate operators, it constitutes a discrimination against interstate commerce that cannot be permitted under the Commerce Clause. n16 As a result, the Court struck down North Dakota's effort to tax Quill.
    From the Quill and Bellas Hess cases, then, we learn that even uses of state authority that are otherwise unexceptionable, such as the application of sales taxes, can be impermissible where the existence of multiple standards would create a significant burden for entities whose activities cross multiple states. n17 If this "interstate burden"  analysis is sufficient to bar state action in the extremely important area of taxation, then it is difficult to see why it should not apply with equal force in the area of obscenity law. Taxation,after all, is the lifeblood of the state; regulation of obscenity can certainly
rank no higher on the scale of state interests, and quite probably falls several steps further down even if the important First Amendment aspects are not taken into account.
    These cases, and the principles that lie behind them, raise two  important points. Most obviously, it would appear that state or local regulation of communication over computer networks on obscenity grounds is very likely a violation of the dormant Commerce Clause because of the variations produced by the community standards doctrine. After all, if it is too much of a burden for interstate merchandisers to keep track of variations in state sales tax rates and classifications, it certainly must be too great a burden for interstate publishers to keep track of variations in the far less certain "community standards" of obscenity and     The second and perhaps more important point is that if we are willing to
grant interstate sellers of office equipment and porcelain "collector" dolls such extensive protection from local interference in the name of protecting commerce, surely we should be even more willing to provide such protection in the name of free speech. For the protection provided by the dormant Commerce Clause is merely a matter of judicial inference; the value of a free press, on the other hand, is explicitly spelled out in the First Amendment.
    Such an approach would, of course, limit the ability of communities to
develop unique standards of obscenity, and move us closer toward a uniform national standard. n18 While that development is not without its drawbacks,neither are the many other movements toward uniformity mandated by the Constitution. But we have accepted them nonetheless. n19
    Taking this approach seriously would mean barring prosecutions, under state or local law, of out-of-state individuals and entities for obscenity where the material in question came via computer connections. More interestingly, it would also mean that courts should regard even federal prosecutions that employ local community standards with a considerable degree of suspicion. For while Congress is generally regarded as having the power to override dormant Commerce Clause considerations through appropriate legislation, we should be reluctant to assume that it has done so by implication, simply because of the existence of federal criminal laws. n20 The idea of a national market, after all, is one that Congress may override through the passage of appropriate legislation,  n21 but that is a far cry from saying that federal prosecutors should be able to do the same.
    Whether my suggestion will be taken seriously, on the other hand, is an open question at best. For one thing, it must overcome the natural tendency of academics, journalists, and judges to rush to the First Amendment whenever an issue involving speech or publication appears. For another, it must overcome the equally natural tendency to forget that parts of the Constitution outside the Bill of Rights  - even the Commerce Clause - may serve as important guarantors of liberty. And aside from these hurdles, it requires a recognition, that there is still a role for the nationalist parts of the Constitution, despite today's resurgence of interest in the powers of states and in dlimitations on the federal government. n22
    Despite all of these trends and tendencies, I think that there is still room to ask whether it is appropriate, or even constitutional, to allow states to govern expression under circumstances in which they would not be permitted to collect sales taxes on sales of Elvis dolls or K-Tel merchandise. Where it has been necessary, we have managed to update our view of the Constitution to accommodate changes in technology. It is time that we do so again. Glenn Harlan Reynolds in an Associate Professor of Law at the University of Tennessee. He holds a J.D. from Yale Law School and a B.A. from the
University of Tennessee. He is a member of the Advisory Board at the Center for Constitutional Issues in Technology. Fran Ansley, Fred LeClercq, Arnold Loewy, Gene Volokh and Larry Yackle provided helpful comments on this Essay. Kimberly Watson and Mark Vane provided valuable research assistance.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
   n1. Two cover stories in national news magazines fueled this interest. See Philip Elmer-Dewitt, On a Screen Near You, Time, July 3, 1995, at 38; Steven Levy, No Place for Kids?, Newsweek, July 3, 1995, at 47. The Time story, based on a heavily-criticized study at Carnegie-Mellon University, itself came in for a great deal of criticism. See, e.g., Jeff Cohen & Norman Solomon, Time Magazine Pulls Cyberhoax on America, Ariz. Republic, July 24, 1995, at B5; William Webb, Too Much Porn on Internet - or in the Press?, Editor and Publisher, July 22, 1995, at 30. For more on the Carnegie-Mellon study itself see Bill Schackner and Dennis Roddy, Internet Brouhaha Entangles Researcher, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, July 24, 1995, at A1. This publicity led to the passage of the so-called Communications Decency Act while this article was approaching publication. See Communications Decency Act of 1996, Pub. L. 104-104, 110 Stat. 133, codified at 47 U.S.C. 223(a)-(h) (signed Feb. 8, 1996). If ultimately upheld, this Act may answer some of the questions  raised in this Essay, since Congressional action eliminates dormant Commerce Clause concerns. Important parts of the Act have been enjoined, however, by American Civil Liberties Union v. Reno, Civ. A. 96-963, 1996 WL 65464, 1996 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 1617 (Feb. 16, 1996). In another sense, the points raised by this Essay remain important even if the Communications Decency Act is upheld. Legislation comes and goes, after all, but constitutional concerns are far more permanent.
   n2. United States v. Thomas, Nos. 94-6648, 94-6649, 1996 U.S. App. LEXIS 106 (6th Cir. Jan. 29, 1996).
   n3. Joshua Quittner, Computers in the 90s, Newsday, Aug. 16, 1994, at B27.
   n4. See generally Miller v. California, 413 U.S. 15 (1972)  (establishing the Miller test for obscenity, and stating that reference to community standards is constitutionally adequate, as people in different states vary in their tastes and their attitudes).
   n5. See, e.g., American Booksellers Ass'n v. Hudnut, 771 F.2d 323 (7th Cir. 1985), aff'd, 475 U.S. 1001 (1986).
   n6. See, e.g., Jenkins v. Georgia, 418 U.S. 153 (1974) (involving film Carnal Knowledge).
   n7. Brief Amicus Curiae of the American Civil Liberties Union Foundation at 20-31, Thomas v. United States, Nos. 94-6648, 94-6649, 1996 U.S. App. LEXIS 1069 (6th Cir. 1996) (Copy on file with Virginia Law Review Association). In the interest of full disclosure, I should admit that I consulted with the ACLU attorneys working on this brief, and suggested that they make this argument. It is thus not surprising that I find it interesting. For a more general discussion on the kinds of free-speech problems raised by new technologies see Robert P. Merges & Glenn H. Reynolds, News Media Satellites and the First Amendment: A
Case Study in the Treatment of New Technologies, 3 High Tech. L.J. 1    n8. For a good overview of the Supreme Court's dormant Commerce Clause jurisprudence see Donald Regan, The Supreme Court and State Protectionism: Making Sense of the Dormant Commerce Clause, 84 Mich. L. Rev. 1091 (1986).
   n9. 112 S. Ct. 1904 (1992).
   n10. National Bellas Hess v. Dep't of Revenue, 386 U.S. 753    n11. 112 S. Ct. at 1911. In National Bellas Hess, supra note 10, the Court had endorsed such a due process argument. Although it is beyond  the scope of this brief Essay, I note that while the mailing of flyers in quantity was found in Quill to indicate that the corporation had  "purposefully directed" its activities toward North Dakota residents, the same could not be said to apply to the connection of a computer bulletin board system to the Internet or to telephone lines. Because computer systems are equally accessible from almost anywhere, the mere operation of such a system could not fairly be characterized as "purposeful direction." As a result, a Bellas Hess type due process argument might find considerably more purchase in this context.
   n12. 112 S. Ct. at 1913.
   n13. Id.
   n14. Id. at n.6.
   n15. Id.
   n16. Id. at 1913.
   n17. It is this principle that distinguishes a Quill approach.  Although there is one recent case that might superficially appear inconsistent, on closer examination it turns out to fit the Quill mold as well. In Goldberg v. Sweet, 488 U.S. 252, 267 (1989), the Supreme Court upheld a state sales tax on interstate telephone calls against a dormant Commerce Clause challenge.     However, Goldberg's outcome was based on precisely the same  considerations that I have laid out by reference to Quill. In Goldberg, the court stated that the tax on in-state consumers was permissible under the Commerce Clause because such an approach resulted in fair apportionment of the taxes, and no excessive burden on interstate commerce, since only two states (the originating state and the
terminating states) would be allowed to tax interstate calls. Id. at 265. Indeed, the Court noted that any other approach (for example, one based on the path taken by the call) would violate the Commerce Clause because the billions of possible electronic paths that a call might take could otherwise "produce insurmountable administrative and technological barriers." Id. at 264-65. This is consistent with the "virtual welter" language of Quill, which no doubt explains why the Court itself did not view the two cases as inconsistent. Such an approach, I might add, also supports the "online community" standard urged by the ACLU, which would have an analogous simplifying effect by subjecting a single service to only one standard, rather than a multiplicity of conflicting standards. See infra note 18.
   n18. Or maybe not. The American Civil Liberties Union's brief  suggests that community standards might vary among online communities, or, alternatively, that some kinds of online obscenity might be placed effectively beyond regulation as a result of Stanley v. Georgia's privacy in the home doctrine. See Brief of the ACLU, supra note 7, at 27-31 (citing Stanley v. Georgia, 394 U.S. 557 (1969) (holding that a state may not punish mere possession of obscene materials in home)).
   n19. Note that we already have a uniform national standard for  indecency in broadcasting. FCC v. Pacifica Foundation, 438 U.S. 726 (1978).    n20. Cf. South-Central Timber Dev. v. Wunnicke, 467 U.S. 82, 91 (1984)
(requiring clear evidence of congressional intent to allow state regulations
inconsistent with dormant Commerce Clause). As one leading treatise puts it:
The Court will not find that Congress has removed state or local regulations
from the limits of dormant Commerce Clause principles unless Congress has expressly stated in legislative actions that the type of state regulation at issue is approved by Congress or unless the Court otherwise finds that Congressional intent to allow such state regulations of commerce is "unmistakably clear."
   John E. Nowak & Ronald D. Rotunda, Constitutional Law 282 (4th ed. 1991). Such analysis is, obviously enough, not legally binding on federal prosecutors. But it should suggest caution where the kinds of prosecution discussed in this Essay are considered, by prosecutors or courts.
   n21. The dormant Commerce Clause is, of course, no barrier to congressional action. Congress remains free to legislate on the subject, and even to incorporate local standards of obscenity into such legislation - subject to whatever other constitutional provisions may apply. See Sable Communications of Cal. v. FCC, 492 U.S. 115, 124-126 (1989). Indeed, although I would oppose the Communications Decency Act, see supra note 1, on other grounds, there is no question that it answers these concerns and, if ultimately upheld, would largely eliminate them.
   n22. An interest, I stress, that is often justified. See generally  Glenn H. Reynolds, Is Democracy Like Sex? 48 Vand. L. Rev. 1635 (1995) (calling for restoration of nondelegation and enumerated powers doctrines).

@_date: 1996-10-09 19:30:51
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Missionaries BLAH BLAH BLAH 
:Date: Wed, 09 Oct 1996 09:30:34 -0600
:From: swillden (Shawn Willden)
:To: Dale Thorn :Subject: Re: Missionaries
:> > Biblical creationism is "wrong": there's ample evidence that the
:> > Earth is *much* more than 6000 years old.  Yet lots of seemingly
:> > rational people believe biblical creationism.
:> :> Which years?
BLAH BLAH BLAH
;And Christian theology also offers an explanation as to why God would :do such a thing: so that faith is required for belief.
:Logic is of no use in theological discussions.I've dealt with more :than a few. BLAH BLAH BLAH  As a Mormon missionary I spent quite a :bit of time discussing
:theology with people :-) BLAH BLAH BLAH
Much better to bash Tim (no offense meant, I like Tim's style--or lack thereof) than this drivel.
Makes me want to puke.
To quote: "As for what this whole thread has to do with crypto, i have no idea..."
BLAH BLAH BLAH

@_date: 1996-10-12 13:29:37
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: RSA 
Timmy Mayhem is just a poor excuse for an unschooled, retarded thug.

@_date: 1996-10-19 16:15:11
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: FWD: Binding crypto 
FORWARDED MESSAGE
In this message, we introduce binding cryptography, a new proposal for
establishing an information security infrastructure that does not
hamper law enforcement. We present an alternative that can give
law-enforcement agencies access to session keys, without users having
to deposit private keys. Unilateral fraud in this scheme is easily
detectible. We outline the proposal below, and announce two articles
which will describe the proposal in more detail and which will provide
the legal and the technical context.
The text is also available at
9 October 1996
Eric Verheul, everheul
Bert-Jaap Koops, koops
Henk van Tilborg, henkvt
(c) 1996 Eric Verheul, Bert-Jaap Koops, Henk van Tilborg
This message may only be redistributed in its entirety and with
inclusion of the copyright notice. Credit if quoting.
_Binding Cryptography, a fraud-detectible alternative to key-escrow
_1. Introduction_
Information security, and so cryptography, is essential in today's
information society. A robust (information) security infrastructure
must be set up, including a Key Management Infrastructure. However,
the unconditional use of encryption by criminals poses a threat to law
enforcement, a problem that is hard to solve. Consequently,
governments have two tasks. The first is stimulating the establishment
of a security structure that protects their citizens, but which does
not aid criminals. The second task is coping with the use of
encryption by criminals outside of this framework. We think that
encryption outside of the framework (e.g., PGP) should not be outlawed
- but it need not be mainstream either. It is crucial that any such
established security structure is widely accepted and trusted, as this
will lower the demand for encryption outside of this framework, and so
will make the second goal easier to achieve (or, at least, not more
difficult). The establishment of such a widely accepted and trusted
security structure is now the challenge that (US) IT businesses face
if they want to participate in the recent CLIPPER IV initiative.
_2. Binding cryptography_
In a series of two articles, we address the establishment of an
information security infrastructure. Several proposals have been made
by governments and others to establish such an infrastructure, but a
satisfactory overall solution remains yet to be found. In the
non-technical article [VKT], we review several technical proposals and
a few government initiatives, focusing on key-escrow proposals. We
present a series of criteria that acceptable solutions should meet,
and note that all proposals so far fail to meet many of these
criteria. We argued that the establishment of a worldwide security
infrastructure can not be achieved without strong cooperation of
governments. In fact, governments themselves should take up the
challenge of establishing a security infrastructure, based on
public-key encryption, which does not hamper law enforcement. We offer
a new solution to achieve this: "binding data", which also improves
upon current proposals. It has the advantage that it helps the
establishment of a strong security infrastructure which discourages
abuse for criminal or subversive purposes by making unilateral abuse
easily detectible. It allows a straightforward monitoring of
compliance with law-enforcement regulations, without users having to
deposit ("escrow") keys beforehand. Thus, an information security
infrastructure can be established, which does not worsen the crypto
problem for law enforcement.
Metaphorically speaking, our solution consists of equipping public-key
encryption systems used for confidentiality with a (car) governor (a
speed-limiting device). The specifications of this governor are rather
general, and so many systems can probably be equipped with them. It is
inspired by the proposal of Bellare and Rivest [BR], in which users'
encrypted messages consist of three components:
1. the (actual) message encrypted with any symmetric system, using a random session
key; 2. the session key encrypted with the public key(s) of the addressee(s);
3. the session key encrypted with the public key of a Trusted Retrieval Party (TRP).
In effect, the TRP is treated as a virtual addressee, although the
message is not sent to it. When a law-enforcement agency is conducting
a lawful intercept and strikes upon an enciphered message, they take
the third information component to the TRP. If shown an appropriate
warrant, the TRP decrypts the information component and hands over the
session key, so that the law-enforcement agency has access to the
message. Observe that users are not obliged to escrow their (master)
keys, they only give access to the (temporary) session keys used in
the communication. The concept of "virtual escrow" has been the base
of several escrow products (AT&T Crypto, RSA Secure, TIS Commercial
Key Escrow).
The main drawback of this concept is that it offers no possibility, at
least for others than the TRP, to check whether the third component
actually contains the (right) session key; moreover, the TRP will only
discover fraud after a lawful wiretap. This renders the solution
almost entirely unenforceable.
Therefore, we propose a binding alternative, which adds a fourth
component to the encrypted message: 4. binding data.
The idea is that any third party, e.g., a network or service provider,
who has access to components 2, 3 and 4 (but not to any additional
secret information) can: a. check whether the session keys in components 2 and 3 coincide; b. not determine any information on the actual session key.
In this way, fraud is easily detectible: a sender that attempts to
virtually address a session key to the TRP (component 3) that is
different from the real one he uses on the message (or just nonsense)
will be discovered by anyone checking the binding data. If such
checking happens regularly, fraud can be properly discouraged and
punished. The binding concept supports the virtual addressing of
session keys to several TRPs (or none for that matter), for instance,
one to a TRP in the country of the sender and one in the country of
the addressee. The solution therefore offers the same advantage for
worldwide usability as the Royal Holloway [Holl] concept. We also
remark that the concept supports the use of controllable key splitting
in the sense of Micali [Mica] as well: a sender can split the session
key and virtually address all the shares separately to the addressee
and various TRPs using the binding concept. Moreover, the number of
shares and the TRPs can - in principle - be chosen freely by each
user. Finally we remark that the time-boundedness conditon (the
enforceability of the timelimits of a warrant) can be fulfilled by
additionally demanding that encrypted information (or all components)
be timestamped and signed by the sender; a condition that can be
publicly verified by any third party (e.g., monitor) as well.
A PKI that incorporates binding data hence has the following four
players: - Users, i.e., governments, businesses, and citizens, - TTPs offering trusted services (e.g., time-stamping and certification of
public keys), - TRPs aiding law-enforcement agencies with decrypting legally intercepted messages, - Monitors, monitoring communications encrypted via the PKI on compliance with binding regulations. For instance, these could be network operators or (Internet) service
In [VKT], we explain how we envision the framework in which the
binding concept could present a security tool in the information
society. We think the concept is flexible enough (e.g., in the choice
of TRPs) to be incorporated into almost any national crypto policy, on
both the domestic and foreign use of cryptography.
In a mathematical paper [VT], Verheul and Van Tilborg propose a
technical construction for binding data for an important public-key
encryption system: ElGamal. This construction is compatible with
Desmedt's [DESM] traceable variant of ElGamal. The construction is
based on the techniques used in zero knowledge proofs. We expect that
these constructions can be improved and that various other public-key
encryption systems can be equipped with binding data. We present this
as a challenge to the cryptographic research community.
An outline of the mathematical construction of binding ElGamal can be
found at _3. References_
[BR]	
M. Bellare, R.L. Rivest, "Translucent Cryptography. An Alternative to
Key Escrow, and its Implementation via Fractional Oblivious Transfer",
see [Desm]	
Y. Desmedt, "Securing Traceability of Ciphertexts - Towards a Secure
Key Escrow System", Advances in Cryptology - EUROCRYPT'95 Proceedings,
Springer-Verlag, 1995, pp.147-157.
N. Jefferies, C. Mitchell, M. Walker, "A Proposed Architecture for
Trusted Third Party Services", Royal Holloway, University of London,
see S. Micali, "Fair Public-key Cryptosystems'", Advances in Cryptology -
CRYPTO '92 Proceedings, Springer-Verlag, 1993, pp. 113-138.
E. Verheul, B.J. Koops, H.C.A. van Tilborg, "Binding Cryptography. A
fraud-detectible alternative to key-escrow solutions", Computer Law
and Security Report, January-February 1997, to appear. [*]
E. Verheul, H.C.A. van Tilborg, "Binding ElGamal. A fraud-detectible
alternative to key-escrow solutions", will be submitted to
[*] For the Computer Law and Security Report, send subscription
enquiries, orders and payments to:
Pam Purvey
The Oxford Fulfilment Centre
PO Box 800, Kidlington
Oxford 0X5 1DX  UK
Tel: +44 1865 843373
Fax: +44 1865 843940
For the United States:
Elsevier Advanced Technology
Fulfilment (enquiries)
660 White Plains Road, Tarrytown
New York, NY 10591-5153
USA Tel: 914 333 2458

@_date: 1996-10-26 04:40:58
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: anonymous oddsman 
[Please repost these odds where appropriate.]
Below, we find one of the oddsman's final gambling reports on all
the candidates listed on 50 states. The anonymous oddsman service
will cease for about 3&1/2 years or so after Nov. 5th, but we hope
to bring you at least one more update before then. Thanks to all
who have helped.
              Prices @ 09:05 BST Sat 26th Oct 96
        +---------+----------------+----------------+
         |  Ladbroke's    | William Hill   |
        +---------+----------------+----------------+
 Clinton | Not currently offered by either |
 Dole    |     7:1        |      8:1       |
 Perot   |   No bets      |    500:1       |
 Browne  | Not currently offered by either |
        +---------+----------------+----------------+
 Phone   | +44-800-524524 | +44-800-444040 |
 Numbers:|                |                |
        +---------+----------------+----------------+
Our roving reporter reports "still nothing from Coral." Then, in
his own inimitable terminology, he offers the following:
        "Does the fact that they are not offering any bets
        on Harry Browne mean that they reckon his chances
        are as good as trouser-brain   ???       :-)"
The oddsman cannot comment on this for the following two reasons:
1. Like the U.S. news media, he is trying to maintain a "sheen
of objectivity," even though pretty-much-everyone knows who the
oddsman is pulling for.
2. The anonymous oddsman is a family service! ;)
Still no word from Moscow, and now the oddsman is getting more
curious than ever about whether there are still Clinton odds in
mother Russia. Interesting that Ladbroke house has even stopped
taking _Perot_ bets now. The horse race ends before it begins.
anonymous oddsman
"Demeaning the integrity of the U.S. Presidential election process
for you on a regular basis, at no charge."

@_date: 1996-11-01 02:44:57
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: When did Mondex ever claim to be anonymous? 
Re: When did Mondex ever claim to be anonymous? Along with one proviso: "In everyday use"
                        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Clearly, to them, the IRA (or possibly the local hash dealer) is not an
"everyday use" situation.
The value of provisos like this, to companies and politicians, is hard
to understate. Bill Clinton really meant to "End welfare as we know it."
                                                         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Voters saw the statement, ignored the proviso, and liked it; hardly any
of them imagining that his proviso could include plans for a drastic
_increase_ in the size and scope of the U.S. welfare state.

@_date: 1996-11-02 06:59:56
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Thank you, John Gilmore, for protecting freedom of speech against Dr. Dmitri Vulius 
Thank you, John, for being so brave and protecting our freedom of
on-topic speech. You are a true cypherpunk.
Thank you, Timothy C May, for advancing cryptography by posting 100%
crypto-relevant messages about loans to other countries and your
collection of assault weapons.
John and Timothy just made the cypherpunks list better.

@_date: 1996-11-02 10:00:25
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: anonymous oddsman 
Ladbroke's (celebrating Halloween, probably) again offers
50:1 odds on Perot! Clinton and Browne are still not being
offered. Recalling last Saturday's Dole odds; they were
7:1 at Ladbroke's, and 8:1 at William Hill. The betters at
Ladbroke's (who get a somewhat worse deal, it seems) are
bullish on Dole, while those at William Hill are now a bit
more bearish on the old man, so the numbers diverge in the
final stretch of the horserace.
              Prices @ 09:21 GMT Sat 2nd Nov 96
        +---------+----------------+----------------+
         |  Ladbroke's    | William Hill   |
        +---------+----------------+----------------+
 Clinton | Not currently offered by either |
 Dole    |     6:1        |     10:1       |
 Perot   | 50:1 (again)   |    500:1 (!)   |
 Browne  | Not currently offered by either |
        +---------+----------------+----------------+
 Phone   | +44-800-524524 | +44-800-444040 |
 Numbers:|                |                |
        +---------+----------------+----------------+
As for the animal suspected of *really* running the U.S.A,
"Socks" appears to be successfully defending his territory
against "Leader." Full of confidence, she is now running
virtual tours of the White House, kids!
Meanwhile "Leader" whimpers at
(Wow, his own domain!) Perot (obviously) needs no pet, and
the oddsman is unaware of any public photos of Libertarian
candidate Browne's cats, much less their names. A serious
Our roving reporter in the UK also thinks that there *must*
be significance in the fact that our Presidential election
is being held on the anniversary of the day that Guy Fawkes
attempted to blow up his Houses of Parliament, together
with all the politicians within. He, as usual, will celebrate
the event with bonfires and fireworks.
Mailmasher.com appears to be down, apologies to any of you
who wished to correspond personally with the oddsman there.
Hopefully, oddsman will come back soon.
anonymous oddsman
"Demeaning the integrity of the U.S. Presidential election process
for you on a regular basis, at no charge."

@_date: 1996-11-06 07:15:49
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Vulis profileVulis profile 
I had some free time this morning, and just for fun, thought I'd create a brief Net profile of our friend Dr. Vulis.  Here's what I found (sources included):
Dimitri Vulis
 Burns St, Forest Hills,NY 11375-3506
Source:  (Four11 people search)
Birthday: December 29
Source: D&M Consulting Services (DM-DOM)
   67-67 Burns Street
   Forest Hills, NY 11375
   Domain Name: DM.COM
   Administrative Contact:
      Administration, PSINet Domain  (PDA4)        (703) 904-4100
   Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Network Information and Support Center  (PSI-NISC)        (518) 283-8860
   Record last updated on 31-Oct-96.
   Record created on 19-Jun-91.
   Domain servers in listed order:
   NS.PSI.NET                   192.33.4.10
   NS2.PSI.NET                  38.8.50.2
Source: InterNIC
Q: Who is Dimitri Vulis? A: Dimitri is an XSoviet immigrant who is enrolled (or used to be enrolled) in CUNY, and who is a computer professional involved i.a. in unicode matters. The realspace Dimitri is a polite person and a devoted family head.  It's cyberspace image is not nearly as nice, unfortunately. He harasses people all over the net with the most offensive sorts of messages, and uses dirty tricks to retaliate to the people who do get offended. Among his accomplished feats is a series of articles about cat-eating dogs posted to rec.pets.cats (which caused a wave of complaints and made him lost his CUNY account) ; a series of porno binaries with obscene comments about his opponents posted to math-related newsgroups (he lost another academic account, at fordham.edu, after this scandal); and a series of racist articles denigrating all aspects of romanian life and culture which used to haunt the romanian newsgroup for years. Of course most of his net.bile is spilled over his fellow XSoviets, particularly of Jewish origin (such as Michael Verbitsky, Boris Veytsman, Vlad Rutenberg or myself, as well as all Brighton Beach together); and a lot of stuff comes out from his alleged aliases in bwalk.dm.com, aol.com and fly.harvard.edu. Some of these aliases match the names of his opponents, as I already mentioned.  Sometimes not only the names but also addresses match (although paths don't). Dimitri Vulis also advertises the capabilities of his site for forging and cancelling articles. Sometimes he shrewdly comments articles of his own saying : "This article is most certainly forged, after all I spent a lot of time teaching you how to forge... but I nevertheless like this article's content". Source: (much more there too)
AUTHOR PROFILE: dlv (Dr. Dimitri Vulis)
510 articles posted between 1995/06/29 and 1996/11/02. 71 % followups. Number of articles posted to individual newsgroups (slightly skewed by cross-postings):           132 misc.jobs.misc           67 news.admin.net-abuse.misc           67 news.groups           40 mail.cypherpunks           32 nyc.food           18 soc.culture.russian           13 news.admin.misc           12 nyc.general           10 news.admin.censorship           9 news.admin.policy           8 alt.censorship           7 alt.usenet.kooks           7 soc.culture.pakistan           6 alt.revenge           5 comp.os.ms-windows.nt.advocacy           5 soc.culture.soviet           4 alt.sex.plushies           4 sci.math           4 sci.physics           4 talk.politics.medicine           3 alt.folklore.computers           3 alt.security           3 comp.lang.ada           3 comp.security.misc           3 sci.crypt           2 alt.nocem.misc           2 alt.sci.physics.plutonium           2 aus.flame           2 comp.os.ms-windows.advocacy           2 comp.unix.advocacy           2 microsoft.public.netiquette           2 soc.culture.israel           1 alt.2600           1 alt.anonymous           1 alt.bible           1 alt.computer.consultants           1 alt.consumers.experiences           1 alt.fan.bill-gates           1 alt.fan.my-big-hairy-penis           1 alt.privacy           1 alt.shenanigans           1 alt.society.neutopia           1 aus.general           1 comp.ai           1 comp.mail.uucp           1 comp.os.ms-windows.nt.misc           1 comp.os.ms-windows.win95.setup           1 comp.sys.mac.advocacy           1 humanities.language.sanskrit           1 misc.entrepreneurs           1 misc.invest           1 news.newusers.questions           1 nj.misc           1 nyc.seminars           1 rec.humor           1 rec.motorcycles           1 sci.psychology.psychotherapy           1 soc.motss           1 tor.general Source:  profile
Dimitri Vulis:
Contrib. post:
 whose obnoxious, derivative and not-very-funny Soviet emigre jokes from Brighton Beach were a weekly feature about a year ago on rec.humor . He ignored completely any requests to stop. Eventually he started getting flamed in demotic Russian-quite fun for those of us who could read it.
- Dan "And to think he felt it important enough to waste his two hours of daily connect time on it" Case
 so what _is_ the deal with vulis?  is "russian emigre" a codeword for "jew", or for "russian emigre", or for something else?  (if i recall correctly, minor and now somewhat reformed net.loon mikhail zeleny claimed rather convincingly that vulis's posts contained certain tell-tale phrases which are highly un-idiomatic in english ("dandruff-covered" was one of them, i think) which were dead giveaways of classic pathological russian anti-semitism.)  so is vulis russian?  an emigre?  a jew in some sense?  self-hating?  maybe a self-hating russian jewish emigre who hates only the jewish half of themself?  or maybe they hate the russian half too?  are they now or have they ever been, while residing in america, on the payroll of any branch of any soviet or russian government?  did they stop posting russian emigre jokes when the paychecks stopped coming?  are they a zhirinovsky supporter now?  the most recent messages posted by vulis
that i have seen seem designed mainly to convince people that both zhirinovsky and valery fabrikant are (russian?) jews.  (it's very likely true in fabrikant's case, at least.)  maybe vulis is a self-hating supporter of zhirinovsky and fabrikant?
Posts on soc.culture.soviet, and is apparently something of an institution there; likes to stir things up, and to flame and/or troll people. I'm not up on which sides are good and/or bad on s.c.s, which among other things seems to have been ravaged by Serdar Argic for a long time as well, driving away many
of the gentler posters. Is currently engaged in flamewar with Peter V. Vorobieff there. Posts from dlv (Dimitri Vulis, CUNY GC Math).
Source: Dimitri Vulis's barcode font
ftp: ctan: tex-archive/fonts/barcodes/barcodes.mf
There is a mailing list, rustex-l, for discussion of typesetting
Cyrilic-based languages.  To subscribe, send mail to containing the text
 SUBSCRIBE RUSTEX-L or mail Dimitri Vulis, DLV%CUNYVMS1.BITNET [or Source: Bar code fonts  ymir.claremont.edu      by Dimitri Vulis BibTeX eedsp.gatech.edu for MS-DOS  v99 by J. Demel and Dimitri Source: (this FAQ is dated 10 May 93)
Server The files of type para used in the index were: known organizations in the former Soviet Union who either have or plan to have e-mail connections. Provided by the SUEARN-L list, SUEARN-L Keywords: USSR, CIS, Russia, Latvia, Lithuania, Estonia, Baltic, Moscow, Leningrad, Siberia. The original document is stored on impaqt.drexel.edu:/pub/suearn/misc/cissites.txt and is available for anonymous FTP. Directory and Guide ** For more information, subscribe to the SUEARN-L mailing list, or send e-mail to Michael Meystel or Dimitri Vulis (c) 1992 All rights reserved This file contains contact information (correct name / address / phone / fax  possibly e-mail address) for sites of interest in the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS). We occasionally get asked questions like 'What is the Russian name of IAS?' or 'What is the postal address of St. Petersburg State U's math faculty?' or 'What does IPPI stand for?'. Over the years I've collected a fairly complete electronic address book of addresses of Soviet sites where mathematical research is done, which I gladly share. Sergej Gelfand and Don Parsons have kindly contributed their address lists (respectively, more math and oncology). An even more complete version of such file, listing sites of possible interest to people in other fields, and freely available on the Internet, would be very useful to many. Please send additions, corrections, suggestions, etc to: CISMAP I can't acknowledge everything, but I will try to read every e-mail. Dimitri Vulis ) Source:

@_date: 1996-11-06 13:16:57
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: [URGENT] Diffie-Hellman 
Timothy C. May's 16Kb brain's single convolution is directly wired to his rectum for input and his T1 mouth for output. That's 16K bits, not bytes. Anal intercourse has caused extensive brain damage.

@_date: 1996-11-06 21:27:37
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Mixmaster Test 
Sorry for the spam, folks ... just looking for a mixmaster that puts
the Subject: line into cypherpunk messages.
Editor in Chief, Cypherpunk Enquirer

@_date: 1996-11-07 23:45:55
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Any additional information on Kata, TX. decision?? 
Sombody posted some information about Child Protective Services interrogating children without parental permission, etc and the decision that followed being upheld in favor of the state.
would you be so kind as to provide the entire available clip or a URL.

@_date: 1996-11-08 07:44:58
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Information [for new PGP user] 
People would do well to remember this.  In the future software
released by PGP Inc. will not come with source code.  I don't believe
source to PGPfone will ever be released, for instance.  Beware of this
software.  Despite Zimmerman's strong privacy record, you should
never, ever, use crypto software that doesn't come with source.

@_date: 1996-11-08 13:05:35
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Vulis on the remailers 
Please, remailers, source block Vulis for a week.
Remailer Fan

@_date: 1996-11-09 12:22:29
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Vulis on the remailers 
Hmmmm. Let's see...I'll respect you in the morning, the check is in the mail, I won't come in your mouth...
Get real, kook.

@_date: 1996-11-09 21:05:01
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Apartment complex burnt down... 
Suppose Bob lives in an apartment complex. By accident the whole building
burns down. Bob manages to escape, but all his papers, including passport, IDs,
credit cards, acount numbers, etc etc gets destroyed.
What can Bob do? Would the government help him?
It seems like he'd be in a really unfavorable position...

@_date: 1996-11-10 21:20:07
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Sliderules, Logs, and Prodigies 
I recommend the GNU emacs calculator.  While not quite as portable as
some of the HP calculators, it is free, and is definitely the best
calculator I have ever seen, period.

@_date: 1996-11-11 15:22:17
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Vulis on the remailers 
Nope, sorry.  It's not in the remailer operators' interest to be in
the business to deciding who can and can't use the remailers
(esp. based on content of previous posts).  That would make the
operators responsible for content.

@_date: 1996-11-12 08:36:46
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: "Nightmare on Crypto Street--the Return of Sun Devil" 
< snip >
... the more we can erode the barriers between code and language,
Agreed, and this is happening (slowly). Some have said that "cypherpunks
spread crypto" is a better motto than just "cypherpunks write code," for
this reason and because it covers broader ground, although coding will
always be essential to any of the other cypherpunk efforts in the end.
Theres a lot of talent on this list, despite a few nuts mixed in.
Distasteful, but probably true.
I'm not sure it's so bad, among the better educated anyway.

@_date: 1996-11-14 17:51:01
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Cryptoanarchy in the field 
Positive publicity?  How about Iraq?  What kind of computer equipment does
the Army have?  What happens when the Iraqi Army suddenly becomes able
to conspire?
What if they were provided only with authentication of anonymous
identities.  How much could they do with "underground newspapers"
that traveled on sneaker net?
How many people in Singapore speak English?
Pornography is a powerful motivator that need not involve money.
The CIA used to trade porn for secrets during the Cold War.  It seems
low ranking Russian officers used it to reward obedient young soldiers
who were not allowed to leave custody during their first two years
of service.

@_date: 1996-11-15 09:35:08
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Water supplies 
It should be easy to poison a water supply and kill many people.
Yet, this never happens.  Why would this be?
Surely, there are malicious folks who want to do it.

@_date: 1996-11-15 21:05:07
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: IDEA patent 
IDEA is a good algorithm much faster than 3DES and
probably stronger but its not very popular outside
of PGP because it is patented.
I remember someone posting here or in another
crypto list about a modified keyschedual to allow
keys of weird size.
My question is could this modification or
something more proven like PRNG-generated subkeys
be used to avoid the IDEA patent? Everyone says it
only takes a small change to avoid a patent. The
problem is a small change can break an algorithm.
Some algorithms like Blowfish generate subkeys
from a PRNG so it might be a safe change for IDEA.
I'm posting this anonymously because I dont know
what peoples feelings are on patent avoidance.

@_date: 1996-11-17 05:50:01
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Could Declan or some libertarian explain this? 
You are the reason, you can't shut up and you have little or nothing to say. plonk.

@_date: 1996-11-17 09:20:11
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: A word on "emergencies" [WAS Re: Final Solution to the Crypto ] 
Professor Michael Froomkin penned, amid the "freedom knight" noise:
OK, let's fill in the blank. Gun. I have heard noises that sound like you wouldn't mind this, even though I am totally peaceful and would never want to shoot anyone absent extreme provocation (such as armed invasion of my home). The way I see it, martial law could be declared at any time, or it could slowly be declared now, which I think is happening. Checkpoints and house-searches for drugs and drunks are to get us used to checkpoints and house-searches for guns and unauthorised crypto. This is only my opinion, and I fear revealing my identity publicly because people with guns are starting to get used to hiding our emotions if we are peaceful and harmless, like me. I rarely even go to the range and practice anymore (2-4 times a year). I can imagine my kids feeling the same way about sending messages with strong crypto protection.
Why am I thinking about boiling frogs now?

@_date: 1996-11-17 15:35:20
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: re: San Jose Mercury News declares encryption battle over 
Dale how long have you been awake? Take a gander at Wei Dei's Crypto++, Peter Gutman's cryptlib, and the half dozen other public domain multi algo source libs available at your finger tips.
Anyone with a compiler on just about any platform has access to implementations of blowfish,
idea, des, gost, the gamut.
So Dale, get coding.

@_date: 1996-11-18 10:52:16
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: ????? 
I wish I'd said that; my fear is that Dale will take 17 messages to compose his vapid thoughts.
Love you all.

@_date: 1996-11-18 12:06:06
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: The Utility of Privacy 
How about the draft?  The privacy protected child has options the
others do not.  Legal risk okay - beats getting shot.

@_date: 1996-11-18 12:23:29
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] aga isn't on cypherpunks... (and I'm glad) 
So why did Vulis drag the rest of this mailing list into his disputes?
If this is about homosexuality, wouldn't alt.fag.bashing have been a
more appropriate forum for his insults.  This mailing list is about
cryptography and loosely related political issues.  It seems that
several allegedly gay members of the mailing list have a lot more to
contribute on the subject than you or Vulis.  Perhaps you somehow
disagree, but so what?  In either case you must admit that insults
based on sexual orientation are not relevant to this mailing list.
They're not?  Where did you get that?  First of all, what do you
define as an Authority position in a completely decentralized network
like the internet?  Are you talking about being a member of IANA or
working for the internic or something?  In that case there clearly is
no such restriction (in fact, any such restriction would probably
result in serious legal problems for the organization that tried to
set such policy).
Why not?  Is there something obvious I'm missing?  What does someone's
sexual orientation have to do with his or her trustworthiness?
Can you please explain what your point is, and why you need to make it
on cypherpunks?  I mean if you resent John Gilmore being in a position
of authority because for some reason you think he is gay and that
bothers you, why use a mailing list he controls to spread that
message, as you are giving him control over your communications?  I
think most of the people on this mailing list don't give a shit about
anyone's sexual orientation.  You and Vulis have made your point that
you think certain members are gay.  Apparently most of the remaining
members of the list don't believe you and/or don't care.  What more
are you trying to accomplish?

@_date: 1996-11-19 09:36:03
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: BAD FAGGOT John Gilmore 
Really, then how come you keep posting your messages through
cypherpunks, a list over which an alleged "Faggot" has complete
control?  You keep telling others not to post to the list, but you
keep posting there yourself.  Could it be that you have no authority
yourself, and thus can't even keep your own E-mail away from the
control of "Faggots"?
I guess there aren't very many good men left, and the few who are left
don't have any authority themselves--They are forced to use mailing
lists under the authority of "Faggots."  I guess you loose and the
"Faggots" win.  Game over, now shut up.

@_date: 1996-11-19 21:20:14
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Lucky your no punk... 
Umm, 4. (English slang, vulgar) Someone who is homosexual.

@_date: 1996-11-20 07:42:30
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Rogue Governments Issuing Policy Tokens 
Most "dual-use" items are export-restricted to Lybia.  That means US
businesses will have trouble selling any computers or even things like
trucks to Lybia.  For crypto tokens not to be available there does not
seem to be a huge deal, in comparison with everything else.

@_date: 1996-11-20 17:05:24
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: CServe Does The Right Thing 
COMPUSERVE MAY PULL ADMIN UNIT OUT OF GERMANY
CompuServe's administrative operations in Germany may be
transferred to another country because of proposed German
legislation that would make Internet companies block access to
pornography, neo-Nazi material or extremist pictures or writing.
CompuServe says it does not want to be in the position of having to
"censor" the Internet.  (New York Times 19 Nov 96 C5)

@_date: 1996-11-21 06:50:39
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: No Subject 
cypherpunks
I should'a kill-filed this sicko long ago.
Like the raving individuals one passes on the sidewalk, he is best ignored. Leave him for professional care.
Oh me!!

@_date: 1996-11-21 08:50:23
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: [TARGET ACQUIRED] Cryptography in France 
Here's our target!  France is the perfect testing ground for a
top-notch cryptoanarchist system.  Lots of computers, lots of smart
users, high taxes, and a police state.

@_date: 1996-11-21 22:06:40
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: re: sci fi 
Without a doubt contemporary SciFi authors such as Vinge and Stephenson have produced
great thought provoking works. Always a good read. But sometimes I'm drawn back to the rollicking rampages of EE Doc Smith or the playful
frollicks of Harry Harrison. While not presenting a plausible vision of our future
they do offer a significant amount of enjoyment. Pure brain candy!
So will some exceptionally creative sort spend 3 or 4 hundred pages exploring
BlackNet and the future of global networking? Or has anyone looked at what has happened to trivial networks like IRC's EFnet to see a potential model for how global networking will become balkanized under bandwidth constraints, server cycle shortages,
and over worked sysadmins? One physical connection and many virtual,
private networks with limitted interoperability and crossover. The internet of
the near future may not be the open paradise it is today.
I read in InfoWorld that the Telco Dereg act may destroy the local loop market
for T1 lines from LD COs. As many as 900,000 new T1's may become available at bargain
rates on the order of $40 per month with end point hardware under $700. Watch PairGain Technologies as they are the leader in this hardware market and have
some real interesting vox/data over twisted pair toys.
Sheesh, I start out talking SciFi and end up talking PairGain! I guess the future
is now.

@_date: 1996-11-23 11:20:16
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: IPG Algorith Broken! 
No?  Please prove your assertion.
Your claim is similar to IPG's - nobody has done it yet.
Your claim is stronger - hardly anybody has worked on IPG's algorithm,
nor are they likely to.

@_date: 1996-11-23 16:35:16
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: IPG Algorith Broken! 
If it can't be proven, why do you believe it is true?
The good news is that you can prove a negative.  For example, it has
been proven that there is no algorithm which can tell in all cases
whether an algorithm will stop.
The best they can say is what they did say: they have a proof that
their system is unbreakable.  What you question, quite reasonably,
is whether they have such a proof.
Or, more accurately, nobody credible has seen such a proof.  But, a
clever person might invent one.
IPG is eager to demonstrate their proof.  They should hire a professional
skilled in the art to evaluate their proof and publicly announce the
results.  This costs less than $5000 and would be, presumably, a small part
of their profits should they have invented such an algorithm.

@_date: 1996-11-24 00:39:55
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Does John Gilmore eat ass? 
The Evil Queen of Cypherpunks swings both ways.  John Gilmore also
eats Dorothy Denning's (clean-shaven) pussy.  He won't eat Esther
Dyson's pussy because it smells so bad.

@_date: 1996-11-24 01:05:56
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: IPG Algorith Broken! 
Please prove your assertion.
If you can't prove this, and you can't find anybody else who has, why
should we believe it?

@_date: 1996-11-24 16:51:11
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Killfiling stupid faggots 
Yes. John Gilmore met Alan Bostick through Grubor's list.
They fucked each other in the ass (how's that for entertainment!)
but now John Gilmore has AIDS.
P.S. Whoever said Gilmore is bi and eats pussy is a fucking liar.
Gilmore is 100% queer. He hasn't touched pussy since he was born.

@_date: 1996-11-24 17:35:19
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: IPG Algorith Broken! 
In other words, you can't prove it.  Thought so.
Page number?
Perhaps it would be helpful to hear a possible proof.  If somebody
were to show that breaking a certain cryptographic algorithm was
NP-complete, many people would find this almost as good as proof that
the algorithm is unbreakable.
Then if a clever person were to show that the NP-complete problems
were not solvable in any faster way than we presently know how, you
would have proof that a cryptographic algorithm was unbreakable.
There is no obvious reason why such a proof is not possible.

@_date: 1996-11-26 09:44:57
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Provably "Secure" Crypto (was: IPG Algorithm Broken!) 
What is the longest running provably optimal algorithm?  Would it be
possible to construct a crypto system from it?
A relatively weak crypto system which is provably no weaker than it
appeared would have its uses.
Congratulations on your excellent post.

@_date: 1996-11-26 09:43:14
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Provably "Secure" Crypto (was: IPG Algorithm Broken!) 
"Introduction to Algorithms" by Cormen, Leiserson, and Rivest is a
good introduction to Big O notation.  The problem you raise is the
motivation behind this notation.

@_date: 1996-11-26 09:43:14
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Provably "Secure" Crypto 
If the chance of a successful guess is absurdly low, the algorithm can
be considered to be secure.  It is quite unlikely that you will guess
a random 128-bit key.  Hence, you could have a secure algorithm in
which a successful guess can be distinguished from an unsuccessful

@_date: 1996-11-26 16:56:03
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Provably "Secure" Crypto 
We are in agreement.  I would add, for the benefit of others, that it
is a good idea to keep in mind that the focus of our work is to build
physical systems which are secure.  For instance, we determine the
primality of numbers using probabilistic methods.  This is not
"perfect" in the sense that a OTP is, but it is certainly good enough
to bet somebody else's life on it.  ;-)
OTPs, for that matter, are engineering problems, too.  It is difficult
to find a random number generator in which we have complete
confidence.  If we buy a board from somebody, how do we know there
isn't a back door?  How do we know they did a good job?  Many
commercially available hardware random number generators are of
shockingly poor quality.  Caveat emptor.

@_date: 1996-11-27 05:57:47
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: No Subject 
Does anyone have any experience with this product she/he would like to share? This is the Win95 model.
:Stealth Encryptor
:Stealth Encryptor offers the following functions: :    Stealth Encryptor, List Mode :    Stealth Encryptor, Browser Mode :    Important Files Backup with auto encryption :    File Shredder :    E-Mail Encryptor :    Drag and Drop support :    Dockable Toolbar :    Stealth Media Encryption, super speed for large image, multimedia and exe files :   DES encryption :    32 bit performance, compatible with Windows 95 and Windows NT Many thanks.
A c'punks survivor (so far)!

@_date: 1996-12-01 05:12:17
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Detweiller spotted? 
Dale Thorn said:
Is anyone else hearing a familiar (and again, constant) voice from the past?
Maybe I'm wrong, but has anyone met him in person?
Just asking.

@_date: 1996-12-01 08:28:05
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: COREL TO CENSOR ALL CLIP ART WORLDWIDE 
Swastikas halt Corel sales
By Reuters
November 25, 1996, 12 p.m. PT
    MUNICH, Germany--Corel (COSFF) software company
    has temporarily halted sales of its top-selling Corel Draw
    graphics program in Germany because it includes four
    banned Nazi symbols, a company spokesman said today.
    The Canadian company will remove three drawings of Adolf
    Hitler and one swastika from future versions of its popular
    software, spokesman Thomas Layer said.
    It is also distributing warning labels to be placed on versions
    now being sold, Layer said. The label warns that the
    "improper use of digital images and symbols" found in the
    programs Corel Draw 4.0, 5.0, and 6.0 is prohibited in
    Germany, which bans public displays of Nazi symbols.
    Munich's state prosecutor launched an investigation into
    the software on October 2 after learning that someone had
    used the banned images to print business cards for a
    neo-Nazi group, Layer said.
    This is not the first time that the company has had complaints
    due to their clip art images.  In 1992, pressure from US Black
    rights organisations forced drawings of the Ku Kux Klan to be
    removed from the collection.
    Consideration is also being given to the removal of other images
    from the collection, either due to legal restrictions in
    various countries, or due to complaints from organisations
    such as the Simon Wiesenthal Center.  Images considered for
    removal include a burning US flag, Josef Stalin, the Star of
    David icon, a cannabis leaf, and a drawing of a woman in a
    bathing costume.
    Corel Draw provides more than 24,000 clip art drawings and
    symbols that computer users can copy. The company
    suspended the sales on November 19.

@_date: 1996-12-01 08:29:48
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: COREL TO CENSOR ALL CLIP ART WORLDWIDE 
Swastikas halt Corel sales By Reuters
November 25, 1996, 12 p.m. PT

@_date: 1996-12-02 23:57:16
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: [IMPORTANT NOTICE] Mercenne primes 
Tim May studied yoga back-streching exercises for five
years so he could blow himself (nobody else will).
       ' ' ' '
       ^-O-O-^
    -ooO--U--Ooo- Tim May

@_date: 1996-12-03 11:14:12
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: PRIVACY: X-No-Archive and mail.cypherpunks 
It is unlikely that anybody is going to pay money for our postings,
even Igor's postings.  Copyright is not the issue.
Perhaps, Igor is worried about the unpredictable consequences of his
posts being readable by anybody, anywhere, forever.  The solution to
that problem is straightforward and I leave it as an exercise.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-03 21:57:31
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: RE: Counterproductive Dorothy Denning Flames 
I agree.  I hope that my own statements have influence in spite of
my mouldy reputation.
(BTW, when I was young, hacking your opponents to death with a
broadsword was noble and now it is politically incorrect.  Privacy
skeptics nota bene!  Times do not change for the better.)
There are a number of reasons why Denning gets so much attention.
She is the most prominent spokesperson for the pro-GAK view and is,
therefore, a lightning rod.  There was a German newscaster during the
Nazi era who has been described as the "the German Walter Cronkite".
He was seen as a top war criminal and was tried at Nuremburg.  More
recently, after the wall fell many people in Germany were eager to
prosecute the East German newscaster who played a similar role in
promoting the Honecker regime.  It may be unjust, but people feel like
they actually know the spokesperson, for better or for worse.
She is seen as "one of us" because she wrote a book on cryptography.
As a consequence, she is seen as a traitor.  I am not endorsing this
Many people believe that she could not honestly believe everything she
says.  Instead, they believe that she is sticking to a difficult party
line in anticipation of rewards down the road in terms of greater
prestige, career advancement, access to grant money, and maybe in
other ways.  This is called "toadying".  It is not going to be popular
amongst people who value intellectual integrity.
The alternative explanation to many is that she is clueless.  There is
some evidence that this is the correct explanation.
Denning, however, doesn't get off the hook.  In the technical
community, cluelessness is seen as being just short of a crime against
humanity.  Persistent cluelessness *is* a crime against humanity.
Toadying and cluelessness are both irritating to the author.
Denning may also be seen as a "suit" dictating to the programmers what
kinds of programs they may write.  This is not a formula for social
success in the technical community.
The academic community has been relatively quiet during the Clipper
debate.  There are very few members of academia who have gone on the
record repeatedly and publicly to say that GAK is the most ridiculous
thing we have ever heard and that the people proposing it must be out
of their minds, or Nazis, or both.  We all know that many academics
believe this to be true.  However, they are keeping quiet until it is
clear which way the wind sets.  This is irritating to many and it
spills over on Denning.  That is probably unfair.  Unless you think
she is a toady, in which case she is the canonical example of academic
indifference and cynicism.
In my last message, I said that it was irritating that Denning is seen
as a credible spokesperson.  Can we fairly hold Denning responsible
for the poor judgement of the media which is employed through the poor
judgement of the masses?  Not really, but she's handy.
Many people find the government's underhanded tactics irritating.
Rather than honestly raise the issue for public discussion, and
maturely, responsibly, and honestly discuss their views, the
government has resorted to subterfuge in an attempt to achieve its
goals.  Clipper was supposed to fool everybody into accepting GAK.
The export laws have been, to put it charitably, abused.  These
tactics are irritating because their intention is to deceive the
American people.  Denning appears to many to be party to these
We have seen a number of people attempt to win the loyalty of the Net
constituency.  Gore attempted it with promises of massive funding.
Gingrich has attempted it through various pronouncements.  The usual
pattern is to offer a reward, but in return the constituency has to
compromise on something.  This pattern is seen over and over again.
Denning may be seen by some as yet another politician attempting to
get in a position to "deliver" the Net "precinct".  Some believe that
she positioned herself first as "one of us" and then attempted to sell
us out.
In the past, it was easier to sell out a constituency due to
widespread ignorance and misguided trust.  This didn't work for the
Net due to the high intellectual integrity of long time Net denizens,
the fact that the Net abhors ignorance, and our strong belief that we
do not need help reading our mail or paying for it.
Still, every politician that attempts this sort of thing is irritating
and Denning, if guilty, is no exception.
Sir Galahad

@_date: 1996-12-04 09:59:34
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: Sorry for the "TWIT" messages 
Don't worry about it. You don't have to send anyone
any more messages to confirm your twit-ness.

@_date: 1996-12-04 12:27:46
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Mounties charge dealer over sales of U.S. Dishes 
By Robert Brehl - Toronto Star Business Reporter Canada's satellite wars have heated up with the first dealers of the U.S.
DirecTV dishes being arrested and charged under the federal
Radiocommunication Act.
``Iraq doesn't allow its citizens to have satellite dishes either,'' said Stan
LeBlanc, a dealer in Yarmouth, N.S., who was charged.
``Never thought I'd see the day when 12 or 15 Mounties would storm into
my building because I'm selling things the public wants.''
LeBlanc was charged this week after Royal Canadian Mounted Police
raided his electronics store Nov. 13 and seized 83 access cards for
DirecTV set-top boxes, some computers, cash and two satellite dishes.
The Mounties have raided dozens of satellite dealers from coast-to-coast,
except in Ontario, since June.
Now formally charged are LeBlanc; his father, Ray Sr.; and David Lloyd
LeBlanc said the access cards were not the so-called pirate cards that allow
viewers to watch DirecTV programming for free.
The cards seized require customers to have U.S. addresses for DirecTV
bills, he said.
The dealers have been charged with possessing and selling equipment that
decodes encrypted satellite signals.
LeBlanc said he has seven competitors in Yarmouth that also sell U.S.
satellite dishes, and none was charged.
``When they raided me, they even parked in one of my competitor's parking
lots under a sign advertising the 18-inch dishes,'' LeBlanc said.
Last month, Industry Minister John Manley issued a warning to satellite
dealers and TV viewers that selling or using U.S. dishes could be illegal.
Canada is estimated to have more than 200,000 U.S. dishes.
Three Canadian firms have been licensed to offer direct-to-home satellite
service, but none has yet launched.
RCMP officials in Nova Scotia could not be reached last night.

@_date: 1996-12-04 18:58:19
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Chippen@Dale 
:If you, Sandy, and the other offenders *really* want to keep the noise
:down, then next time ask John directly for a reply, and if none is
:forthcoming, say to the list *once*, "John will not answer up", etc.,
:and let the subscribers draw their own conclusions from the silence,
:instead of from your inane "defenses".
John has no obligation to say anything. In all fairness, no conclusions should be drawn based on any individual's saying nothing. Such thinking is from the Dark Ages.
Lighten up, and let go of it.

@_date: 1996-12-05 11:27:22
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Dimitri IS Detweiler 
^^^^^^^^
There we have it! PROOF that Dimitri is a tentacle of Detweiler.
Own up Dimitri!  (sorry for the previous accusation Dale)

@_date: 1996-12-05 16:42:38
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: PGP 5.0?? 
Wrong!  You must telnet to all.net, but the correct logname is
"getpgp" with no password.  It will ask you some questions (like are
you a US citizen), and then give you an export-controlled ftp
directory to go to.
As far as I know, however, PGP 5.0 is still in beta test, though you
can get a snapshot from there (in source form only).  They also have
source and binaries for the latest released version of PGP 3.
Does anyone know what happened to PGP 4, BTW?  Is that version number
just being skipped because it was used by Viacrypt or something?

@_date: 1996-12-06 10:44:42
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: re: Gilmore / Logos 
Think again. Logos is obviously someone who has a lot of
time on his/her hands. Consider the volume of Gilmore over
the last several months compared to the volume of Logos
over the last several days. Gilmore has quite a bit more
on his mind than how people behave on CP. Logos' identity
is clearly not Gilmore. I doubt Gilmore even reads CP
So who _is_ Logos. We know that Logos:
1)Tim May suspects who Logos is
2)Is a prolific poster
3)Intends to combat DLV/DT and other Detweilers
The oddest tidbit yet is Tim May's posting to the *list* "P.S. I certainly hope this "Logos" nym is not who I suspect it is, as this will surely end our Real World friendship. A fucking bozo."
This post clearly is an act of misdirection. If May had a personal bone to pick with someone he actually knows
than what purpose does it serve to announce this to the list? Nothing less than to preempt the obvious assertation
that Logos is Tim May.
W.W. Brierson

@_date: 1996-12-06 14:44:05
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Law crosses speed bumps 
FTC News Release
FTC TO DISTRIBUTE NEARLY $338,000 TO VICTIMS OF HIGH-TECH FRAUD FOLLOWING SETTLEMENT:
                     Funds to be Retrieved from Bahamas
  In a case that will mark the first time the U.S. government has
  obtained an asset freeze issued by a foreign court and returned the
  frozen funds to American telemarketing fraud victims, the Federal Trade
  Commission today announced that consumers victimized by a fraudulent
  paging license application mill will share $337,780 out of funds that a
  defendant in an FTC case allegedly diverted to a Bahamian bank. The
  defendant is Robert Corey (also known as Michael Allen), who was a
  hidden principal in a company called On Line Communications, Inc. that,
  while headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada, actually conducted business
  out of Los Angeles. The FTC charged the firm and its principals in
  January with making false claims to investors about the nature and
  value of the paging licenses it could obtain for them. Corey has agreed
  to disgorge a total of $362,500, of which $337,780 is for the refund
  pool, as part of a settlement that will end the FTC litigation against
  him. The FTC said it has been working with such agencies as the
  Securities and Exchange Commission, the Commodity Futures Trading
  Commission and the Justice Department to return funds hidden in
  overseas banks to American fraud victims, and this case is a successful
  example of that effort.
[Ed. Note:  Many details were snipped in length's best interest.
 If you'd like to receive a full-text copy of the 6K PR, send Email
 to:  liz  SUBJECT: FTC News Release ]
[BY: Capitol NewsWire-D.C. Bureau-Law Correspondent       ]

@_date: 1996-12-08 11:42:31
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] PGP 
Timothy C[retin] May's IQ is lower than the belly of a pregnant snake.
      . o       c ,
      `' --v Timothy C[retin] May
       /'>     <`\

@_date: 1996-12-10 00:57:22
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: [URGENT] Forgery detection 
The only `culture' Timmy May possesses is that cultivated from his foreskin scrapings.
      ,,,
 -ooO(o o)Ooo- Timmy May
       v

@_date: 1996-12-10 10:27:56
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Diffie-Hellman Mayonnaise 
Tim Mayonnaise is just a poor excuse for an unschooled, retarded thug.
    ___
   <*,*> Tim Mayonnaise
   [`-']
   ' - '

@_date: 1996-12-10 17:12:55
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: Re: PGP 3 Beta testers needed 
The "proven liar" thing doesn't really bother me if I don't know what
he lied about and why.  I mean people say things which are untrue all
the time, but often by mistake or as a joke.  It's always possible for
some people to misinterpret what someone is saying or get really upset
about it when most people just don't think it matters.
The charges of racism and anti-semitism seem a bit more serious.  I've
been subscribed to cypherpunks for a couple of years, and have not
seen any evidence of such an attitude on the list.  I therefore find
the charges difficult to believe.  However, I'm willing to investiate
further if you point me in the right direction, as I'd like to know
about it if Tim May truly is some kind of horrible person.

@_date: 1996-12-10 22:57:52
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald 
@_subject: [ADMINISTRATIVIUM] Zero-knowledge interactive proofs 
Timothy May carries a turd in his wallet for identification purposes.
        ' ' ' '         ^-O-O-^
     -ooO--U--Ooo- Timothy May

@_date: 1996-12-11 23:23:02
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald, a remailer node 
@_subject: Re: New export controls to include code signing applications 
Another explanation is the USG's obvious interest in "infowar".  The
idea here would be that the US makes the best security tools and by
withholding them from the rest of the world, the US holds the
strongest hand in an "infowar".
Countries which the US wants to reward will receive "military
technology" to protect their networks, just as it does now with actual
Just because this is totally insane doesn't mean they aren't thinking
about it.
However, all they will succeed in doing is greatly harming the U.S.
computer security business.  A few decades from now people will look
back on these policies in disbelief.

@_date: 1996-12-13 10:17:23
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald, a remailer node 
@_subject: Re: Elliptic curves--hot stuff here 
:Please tell the faggots to stop being so sexist.
OK, all you faggots stop being so sexist.
:Just what is it about these queers that makes them hate women so much :anyway? Are they jealous of us sexy women because their boyfriends :may want us?
Oh, yea, and all you sexy hot AOL chicks stop turning on all the queers' boyfriends.
Jill, come up and see me sometime. I'm ready to start over if you are.

@_date: 1996-12-13 10:15:43
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald, a remailer node 
@_subject: Credentials without Identity--Racey Bits 
:So white Boyz Club excludes women to, is that correct?
By definition, you steaming dreamboat.
Drop me a note, kitten.

@_date: 1996-12-13 11:38:11
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald, a remailer node 
@_subject: Enigma 
Tim C. Mayonnaise, a product of anal birth, appeared with a coathanger through his head.
      /\_./o__ Tim C. Mayonnaise
     (/^/(_^^'
    ._.(_.)_

@_date: 1996-12-13 13:22:46
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald, a remailer node 
@_subject: Wired Integrity 
The latest issue of Wired has a nice article about Sameer Parekh
and C2Net.
What is troubling is that it is written by Sandy Sandfort who
works at C2Net.  There is no indication of this in the vicinity
of the Wired article.
The Little Green Man

@_date: 1996-12-13 15:23:11
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald, a remailer node 
@_subject: Re: In Defense of Anecdotal Evidence 
One other point I forgot to make:
It is expensive to verify a long statistical study.  Not only does it
require extensive knowledge of statistics, but you may actually need
to reproduce much of the work.  The only people who can afford to pay
for such verification work may not be the same people that I would
Anecdotal evidence is inexpensive to collect.  In many circumstances
the cost benefit analysis favors it.
Red Rackham

@_date: 1996-12-13 17:52:50
@_author: John Anonymous MacDonald, a remailer node 
@_subject: Re: Wired Integrity 
Thank you for the clear explanation.
Just so you know, I did not doubt your integrity for an instant.
Wired should have appended a short paragraph explaining the possible
conflict of interest.
The Little Green Man
