
@_date: 1993-07-09 05:58:28
@_author: see Yanoff's internet services list 
@_subject: anonymous mail 
Some people have e-mailed me saying that what happened to Mr.
Steshenko isn't uncommon at all.  This fact bothered me all weekend
long, that somebody can get fired for views expressed in a private
e-list, which probably extrapolates to USENET posting as well.
Apparently, Mr. Steshenko forgot to include the "disclaimer: my
opinions" with his email.  Is this all that is required?  If he merely would have added the
disclaimer, would his former employer be facing possible legal action?
Would he still be employed?  Is there some "minimal" text that must be
included?  I mean, I've seen disclaimers that are nearly a paragraph
long to ones that try to be cute (  and so
(If you missed the post to alt.comp.acad-freedom.talk and various
other groups and don't get usenet let me know and I'll post it to the
list if there is enough interest.  I'm not sure if email copies I sent
out made it since some bounces occured.  Plus the good old "cannot
deliver for 3 days; message queued" sort of error.)
It bugged me because I really beleive that it is impossible to carry
on a rational discussion if one side is afraid to voice an opinion.
I'm not advocating libel or misuse (personal attacks, threats of
violence, etc.) but every once in a while a really hot topic comes up
which stirs the emotions.
So, we can all forge mail with smtp, use the cypherpunk remailers, use
"anonymous" servers like penet and charcoal, email-to-usenet gateways,
etc.  I've never seen instructions on how to forge a usenet post, so
here goes:
1) Telnet to an NNTP server (see Yanoff's internet services list)
2) Type 'post'.  After a bit, you'll get an OK message.
3) Type in what you want to appear.  Have in mind before you start
   what fields you want in the header, or check other posts to see what
   they have.
4) End with a period on a line all by itself.  After a bit, you'll get
   a "Post OK" message.
5) Type 'quit'
For example, I was experimenting and posted this to
Newsgroups: alt.binaries.pictures.d
Nntp-Posting-Host: nowhere
Organization: none
This is merely a test.
I just typed all that stuff in (including a lone period, but that
doesn't show in your message) and it showed up after a while.
If you examine the post closer, particularly the Path and Sender
fields, the fact the message originated at the nntp server in Germany
is revealed.  I guess I'll work on more sophisticated methods in my
spare time :-)

@_date: 1993-10-11 21:59:50
@_author: as my memory serves 
@_subject: Digital Bank 
Good Lord.  This debate over how to get a digital bank started reminds
me of an excellent humor book I read, called "29 Reasons not to go to
Law School".
How to start a company in Japan
1) buy land
2) build a factory
3) hire workers
4) produce widgets
How to start a company in America:
1) hire property lawyers to examine zoning laws
2) hire employment lawyers to examine compliance with various Federal
   statutes (child labor, equal oppurtunity, fair wage, osha, etc.)
3) hire corporate lawyers to examine your competitors
4) file tons of paperwork to incorporate
5) hire workers
6) train them since they probably can't do the job
7) fend off lawsuits from your competitors
8) etc. etc.
Some people have expressed a desire to start a digital bank.  I say,
go for it, and work out the problems as they arise.  Naturally, plan
ahead as much as possible, but get working on something.
There wouldn't by anything if people sat around and answered every
single question before starting.

@_date: 1993-10-25 22:05:54
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: LD and Contribution 
....
Well not ragging on about LD I/We would have to agree with and
since some of us in this disdussion are indeed
composite Personna, we tend to have issues when
someone says we dont have a right to existance.
Not every thing in the world is la
d out all black
and white as certain individuals would have it for their
comfort. For some this "brave new world" is very uncomfortable
indeed and they seek to control. For others, it is still
very uncomfortable and they seek to explore the very phenomena
that they are experiencing discomfort about.
Social and Psych experimentation are very valid tools to
explore human reaction and tolerance to this new domain.
The case of LD is particulary fascinating as from being
a proponent ofprivacy/anonymity tools/techniques he found
himself so uncomfortable about certain aspects of it
that he slipped over into the paranoid delusional phase.
Well I/We will settle at least some of the controversy,
Eric Hughes, TC May, Nick Szabo, John Gilmore, Phillip
Zimmerman are real(as well as others too numerous to
mention). David Sternlight, S Boxx, and LD I/We havent met,
does that make them any less real?
The technology of privacy and encryption ensures
that we can never goe back to what things were.
How now then do we deal with the issues around trust.
Its clear that reputations alone cant solve the issue.
Or will individuals like LD just find themselves more
and more seperate from the rest of the madding crowd?
I think that while electronic signatures are certainly possible
that the mass of the online community wont accept
the loss of privacy that comes with same.
                             Sam

@_date: 1993-11-18 00:01:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Quotable Quotes 
I have seen only one person on this list use TeX style quotes, such as
``Cypherpunks ... ''
instead of "Cypherpunks ..."
and that person is ld231782 Writing style may not be conclusive proof, but it adds to the
preponderence of circumstantial evidence.
