
@_date: 1997-04-15 18:48:10
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: Not the General Election 
In this week's Not The Election Issue of Shift Control:
"Now that the abattoir bosses have revealed that the real cause of the E.
coli outbreak is because cows are covered in faeces, how can we waste time
voting? We could save the life of a little old lady simply by hosing down a
cow." - Nick Green on alternative ways to spend May Day
"Nobody minds people's personal sexual foibles, but it'd be the decent
thing if old Piers Merchant had campaigned for the rights of sex workers.
Or if Sir Michael Hirst had voted for lowering the age of homosexual
consent. Being too apathetic to register my vote even for Reader's Digest
free prize draws, I have failed to grill my local party candidates on this
particular hot sausage. In fact, my only political contact is the landlord
of the pub next to my mother's house, who is the chairman of the Monster
Raving Loony Party." - Kate Spicer tries to decide how - or if - she should
"The Monarch will preferably be of the warrior mentality, with a smart,
non-people-based army. Say, for example, 10 battalions of cloned and
chip-implanted SAS geezers plus a lot of anti-personnel surveillance gear
embedded in any interactive mass media - telephones, computers,
televisions. This way the King can not only know and rule his people, he
can direct market to them as well." - Robin Hunt assesses alternatives to
the liberal democratic system
Also this week:
Our quiz asks how wild you are about sleaze, our consumer section explains
how to eat a liberal, Leo Hickman provides his fantasy Cabinet, plus more
antics from Freebee, the rock 'n' roll insect with ants in his pants.
Shift Control: incorruptible as ever, waiting for you at
Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from
Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to
with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-04-18 17:42:50
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: State of the Nation 
The State of the Nation Issue of Shift Control
If aliens landed in Britain with the aim of finding out what's up these days, they'd be in for a confusing time. Politicians - our leaders - are being chased by headless chickens and hacks on smack, while other hacks rage against "sleaze"
and try to be politicians themselves. Unemployment figures are down, though they might be up. Ministers disagree with their parties while simultaneously agreeing with their parties. When we think we're eating lamb we might be eating beef. And millions of people buy Spice Girls records. It'll take more than a fancy spaceship to figure out the state of the nation these days.
Undaunted, we decided to have a go anyway in this week's issue of Shift Control. We've asked Johnny Foreigner to give us an outsider's view of Britain; citizens of Middle Britain send us postcards profiling life in their home towns; Robin Hunt tries the statistical approach in the hope of finding some coherent indications as to where the country's heading; and Rada Petrovic explores her local haunt - Kentish Town, London - as a microcosm of the nation. Plus our quiz asks: how wild are you about Britain?
Also this week: the usual mountain of humour and perspicacity, including more memoirs from Freebee (our resident rock historian), new fiction from Miles Gregory, and, if you're quick, details on how to obtain free tickets to the fourth annual Unconvention in London.
Shift Control: in a fine state and waiting for you at:
Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry.
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-04-25 18:27:04
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: Alternative Reality 
Introducing... the Alternative Reality Issue of Shift Control.
This week:
"Inject it a number of times over a period of several hours and you will experience what psychology textbooks refer to as an "out-of-body experience". This is a recurrent theme in descriptions of the ketamine experience - the mind, spirit or soul leaving the body... Ketamine has similar mental effects on some animals - especially monkeys, who have been observed trying to swot non-existent flies while under its influence." - Alex Bellos on ecstasy's latest rival
"Only sleep, books and disk storage mechanisms, with computers becoming our third lobe, allow us to cope with a world of accelerating travel and electronic communication. But these extensions to the human brain capacity will ultimately become inadequate, and so we might consider something new: the prospect of an implanted third lobe." - Peter Cochrane on building alternative human realities through technology
"'Bud Hopkins, psychiatrist and expert on alien abductions' - just the man's name got me salivating. My brain whirred with associations. Bud equals Yank, Yank equals alien, alien equals cool... 'Did you see that bit in episode 27 when you could see Scully's cleavage as she e-mailed Mulder?' a voice whispered near to me. It was clear that experts in alien abduction were not to be messed with." - Leo Hickman on the fourth annual UnConvention of paranormal phenomena
Also this week: a squeaky clean way to play with yourself in the bath, a chance to write your own film reviews, more memoirs from Freebee the bee, £200 up for grabs in another short story competition, and a chance to win dinner for two at your favourite curry house.
Shift Control: altering your perceptions of the net and waiting for you now at Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry.
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-05-02 21:52:21
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: Barmy for Bhajis! 
This week we've taken one of the net's most respected magazines - and curried it. That's right, we proudly invite you to feast on the Curried Issue of Shift Control, a veritable korma-copia of spicy treats. Our menu includes every curried delicacy ever invented - plus one or two that Shift Control's own masters of masala have cooked up themselves...
The starter: Poppadum will eat itself (a poppadum taste-a-thon).
The main dish: A tour through the three levels of curry house, from the
corner kormarama to the true viceroys of vindaloo.
The side dishes:
Curried thumbs - a tasteful selection of microwavable curries.
Curried songs - from 'Korma Chameleon' to 'Vindaloo Sunset'.
Curried Spice Girls - if the Girls were curries, what kinds would they be? Curried films - featuring 'Last Mango in Paris' and other screen platters.
Also on the menu this week...
The best curry of the millennium and a quiz to test how wild you are about curry - all with a rich and fragrant smothering of instant granulated Chip Shop Curry Sauce. Mmmm.
We also cater for those who prefer British fare with a fine selection of fiction, including your chance to win £200 - a lot of curries - by entering our short story competition.
So give yourself a tasty treat and partake in our sumptuous offerings, all
of which are hot, steaming and awaiting your delectation  at
Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-05-09 12:12:57
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: We want to kiss you, NOW 
A is for Aardvark
B is for Bite
C is for the Cure
D is for Dribble
E is for Eurovision
F is for Frog
G is for Glasgow kiss
H is for Halitosis
I is for Implants
J is for Judas
K is for Kiss 'n' tell
L is for Lips
M is for Mistletoe
N is for Necking
O is for Osculation
P is for Pucker
Q is for the Queen
R is for Radio stations
S is for Snog
T is for Tongue
U is for Ulcer
V is for Vampires W is for Wet
X is for X
Z is for Zit
Shift Control is for kissing, in all its colours
Shift Control is ready and waiting with a purse for you
Shift Control is at Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-05-16 17:13:48
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: Embrace the Dark Side 
Z is for Zoomorphic
Y is for Young Frankenstein
X is for X-mal Deutschland
W is for Witch
V is for Vampire
U is for Undead
T is for Terror
S is for Sex Gang Children
R is for Rat
Q is for Quinine
P is for Poe
O is for Obsession
N is for Nosferatu
M is for Murnau
L is for Lycanthropy
K is for Karloff
J is for Jack the Ripper
I is for Incubus
H is for Hammer
G is for Gargoyle
F is for Frankenstein
E is for Evil
D is for Dracula
C is for The Cramps
B is for Baudelaire
A is for Absinthe
Shift Control is for all things Gothic
Shift Control awaits you at
Be swift, dear friend, for tomorrow may be too late
Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to
with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-06-10 15:18:28
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: A Design for Life 
This week the award-winning Shift Control presents...
The Design Issue
David Carson, former surfing pro turned international advertising consultant, is one of the most influential and instantly recognisable graphic designers of his generation. Edo van Duyn talks to him in a Shift Control exclusive.
The Royal College of Art's Industrial Design Engineering course has over the years moulded some of Britain's greatest creative talents - including the inventor of the Dual Cyclone vacuum, James Dyson. Shift Control talks to some of this year's graduates to discover the gadgets and gizmos of tomorrow.
And Andrew Byrom presents a guide to contemporary typography - the ubiquitous, ephemeral and disposable art form that's defining design in the Nineties.
Also this week, Shift Control launches the Design Gallery - a brand new section featuring the some of the best examples of British art and design.
Plus: Shift Control announces the creation of the world's first bionic bee, and you have another chance to win £200 in our short story All this plus the usual selection of rants, reckoners, reviews and revelations, waiting for you NOW at Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-06-16 19:21:00
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: High-Class Hoards 
This week in the award-winning Shift Control...
The Hoarding Issue
"Nowadays Charles Saatchi buys up entire shows of new talent in the Young Brit Art pack. Recently he bought nearly all the Chapman brothers' disturbing child mannequins with penises and anuses in peculiar places. And the whole of the Martin Maloney show, 'Die Yuppie Scum'. I imagine his art depository must be as big as an out-of-town IKEA store, with fork-lift trucks whizzing around it and people with clipboards checking stock." - Professor Lisa Jardine on art collectors, the ultimate hoarders.
"Mum keeps throwing more and more pairs of shoes into the black hole at the bottom of her wardrobe, never to be seen again, even though she might only have worn them once. This shoe fixation is a trait the rest of the family seems to have inherited. Normal kids inherit eye colour from their parents; we all got the urge to stash flip-flops." - Emma Caldwell on growing up in a house of maniacal "Charlie describes himself as a 'guardian of logic'. 'I've seen some super-open people, into Buddhism and Feng shui and geomancing. But that,' says Charlie, nodding towards the hoard of jumble, 'is an ecclesiastical anathema, trying to combine all things, all religions together.'" - Shift Control rumbles through jumble and finds a philosopher in the closet.
Plus: The Shift Control Gallery, the world's first bionic bee, and a chance to win 200 smackers in our short story competition. All waiting for you NOW at Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-06-23 17:19:58
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: Your surfing days are over 
This week, in the Seaside Issue of Shift Control...
"We bade farewell to the snail collectors and moved down to the beach. The tide was out, revealing a broad stretch of seaweed-covered stones. At the tide's edge a man and a woman were harvesting winkles, "for tonight's tea". We continued to the next bay, half expecting to find someone digging for maggots or collecting slugs, but instead we bumped into a naked bloke. He seemed more surprised than us and dashed off into the sea." - Paul Robinson on a weekend away at the seaside.
"The good news from the English Tourist Board (ETB) is that the seaside amusement industry is booming: last year we took 18.7 million seaside holidays and spent £4.2bn. The coast is still the most popular domestic
holiday destination, possibly because, as Anna Crombie of the ETB points out, 'you can still have fun whatever the weather, which is not always true of our continental competitors'. Who needs the sun when you can visit Mr Blobby's Bubble Kingdom?" - Rebecca Fox provides the ultimate guide to British "As soon as we got to the sand my father sprinted down to the sea, gritted his teeth and dived in. We stood there unimpressed, looking for the nearest café. Dad waved, beckoning us to join him. With the sun having just gone in and the wind picking up, none of us were going to comply."
- Leo Hickman on growing up at the seaside.
Plus new fiction, the story of a bionic bee and the chance to see your own music and movie reviews published on the net.
ShiftControl: waiting for you NOW at Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to with the following text in the body of the mail message:

@_date: 1997-07-03 20:11:43
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: Fancy a drink? 
This week, in the Pub Issue of Shift Control...
"Some pretty scary things are happening to British pubs - apparently in the name of pleasing women. Rat and Parrot, Slug and Lettuce, All Bar One, Wetherspoons - they all signify the general white collarisation of the pub with blonde wood and windows where the cheap repro mahogany and frosted glass should be." - Kate Spicer wonders what's wrong with the good ol' local.
"Some London pub crawls have their origins in history (the Jack the Ripper pub crawl) or literature (the Sherlock Holmes pub crawl), while others are just a desperate attempt to justify a booze-up (the Monopoly board pub crawl). But the greatest of all is the Circle Line pub crawl. It has no discernible beginning and no discernible end. All that's certain is that the Circle Line has 27 stations, and somewhere near the exit of each of these is a pub." - Paul Robinson takes on the ultimate pub challenge.
"Nowadays even boozing and chatting have gone hi-tech. And while electric toothbrushes caught on and talking cars are here to stay, is there really any justification for the virtual pub?" - Rebecca Fox asks if online boozers have really lost the pub spirit.
Plus the Shift Control quiz: How wild are you... about pubs?
Shift Control: serving a full measure of delights, NOW, at Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list, send e-mail to shiftcontrol-request with the following text in the body of the mail message: unsubscribe

@_date: 1997-06-02 14:17:37
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: Curl up and dye 
This week, in the Hair issue of Shift Control...
"To be fair, I've never left a hairdresser's happy. In fact, I don't know anyone who hasn't fled from a hairdresser's in search of the nearest reflective surface (I chose the window of an Iranian rug importer on Piccadilly) to try and rub away the salon-induced feeling of idiocy. But on this day I was particularly woeful. The haircut was nothing a five-year-old boy would have been ashamed of. But I'm a bit older than that. My own mother, who I saw later that day for the first time in two years, said I looked like a 'dork'." - Paul Robinson on getting a high-class haircut.
"'And the new world champion for imperial whiskers is... Jurgen Burkhardt!' When it dawned on the short German dressed in the Kaiser outfit that he'd won his event, the loops at either end of his huge moustache began to twitch maniacally. The dimensions of the new world champion's imperial growth were staggering. From left to right, including the loops, it

@_date: 1997-07-14 12:29:13
@_author: Shift Control 
@_subject: Going to any festivals? 
In this week's Festival Issue of the award-winning Shift Control (
Reg Presley, lead singer with Sixties legends the Troggs, provides a sound argument for today's festivals; we supply full listings for 30 summer events throughout Britain and Europe; and this week's interactive quiz asks: how wild are you about festivals?
"Take your own food. Some people see a festival as an opportunity to lose a couple of stone, and judging by most of the food sold at them it's not difficult to see why. Just because it's organic doesn't mean it's edible, man. Take your own bread and Pringles. A baguette is also a good idea, as you can wave it in the air during an Orbital gig." - Nick Green on what to take and what not to take to a summer festival.
"While Richard Krajicek and friends took early showers, mud baths were the order of the day at Glastonbury. It seems that those at Glastonbury enjoyed a weekend of filthy, sweaty, fun, while at Wimbledon it was all code violations and double faults. If we are really to admire our sporting heroes, isn't it about time they had some more balls in the rain?" - Roland Rocks rants about British tennis's lack of sporting "We ate felafel, chick-pea curry and something with yellow peas poured from a bucket, then decided to head backstage. There we bumped into too many people we know who proceeded go on about their hotel rooms, showers and marble-lined bathroom suites with pre-heated loo paper. We decide it was time to either leave or kill them." - Simon Waldman on the great Glasto wash-out.
Shift Control: raking the muck, NOW, at Shift Control is produced by the Guardian's New Media Lab with help from Boddingtons and Stella Artois Dry
To unsubscribe from this mailing list send e-mail to with the following text in the body of the mail message:
