
@_date: 1994-03-08 18:17:36
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Decoding the Electronic Future 
US News & World Report
Copyright, 1994, U.S. News & World Report All rights reserved.
U.S.NEWS & WORLD REPORT, MARCH 14, 1994
DECODING THE ELECTRONIC FUTURE
By Vic Sussman
WILL ENCRYPTION SECURE OR DENY PRIVACY RIGHTS? Would you hand over a
spare set of house keys to your local police to help them fight crime,
trusting that they would never enter your home without good reason?
According to opponents of the so-called Clipper chip, a powerful new
telecommunications encoding device, that is an apt metaphor for what
the White House, the FBI and the supersecret National Security Agency
are asking of a gullible American public. Clipper backers insist the
innovation will not only help in an increasingly desperate fight
against crime but actually give Americans more privacy than ever.
   The Clipper controversy--which has sparked frenzied debate and
angry protests in recent weeks--swirls around a small sliver of
silicon that can be built into telephones. Ordinary phones can be
tapped with anything from cheap scanners to quaint-tech alligator
clips. But Clipper phones use encryption technology to scramble voice,
fax, electronic mail and other data transmissions into digital
gibberish. Only other Clipper phones can unscramble the information,
which makes the Clipper an untappable system. Well, almost.
   A phone that can't be tapped is every cop's nightmare, because
anyone from drug traffickers to terrorists would be able to scheme and
plot with impunity. So under a plan hatched by the NSA and backed by
the White House, government agents would be able to unscramble
Clipper's secret code by using two mathematical keys. To guard against
abuse, the keys would be held by two government agencies. Authorities
would first have to get a warrant--standard wiretap procedure--before
obtaining the decoders.
   Key escrow, as it's called, may sound good on paper, but critics
maintain it will be both invasive and ineffectual. In addition,
Democratic Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont maintains that Clipper is a
``misstep in export policy.'' U.S. companies would have a tough time
selling compromised telecommunications products overseas and
consequently would have to manufacture both domestic and foreign
versions, an expensive proposition. IBM, Apple, Microsoft and the
Software Publishers Association, among many others, oppose Clipper.
Leahy's Technology and the Law Subcommittee is planning March hearings
on these issues.
HISTORY'S SHADOW. Critics are also doubtful that Clipper's decoding
keys will be sufficient to deter government recklessness, pointing to
past abuses by the FBI, NSA and CIA. But Georgetown University
computer scientist Dorothy Denning contends that much more stringent
controls against illegal eavesdropping exist today. ``The greater
danger,'' she insists, ``is losing the ability to wiretap, giving
organized crime and terrorism the advantage.'' Law enforcement
authorities also say they are looking for no more authority than they
already have--to make lawful requests to have the telecommunications
industry cooperate in crime prevention. But Marc Rotenberg, Washington
director of Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility, a
public-interest group that has collected more than 50,000 signatures
on an anti-Clipper petition, doesn't buy that argument. In fact, he
says, the government has admitted the system could be easily breached
by the NSA, which wouldn't need a warrant if it made its demand under
the rubric of national security. Many valid concerns about Clipper,
says Rotenberg, ``are similarly dismissed with the claim of national
security, a dangerous way to design our civilian communications
   The Clipper chip has been proposed as a voluntary standard. But
once the Internal Revenue Service, the Pentagon and other agencies
order tens of thousands of Clipper phones, it will be impossible to do
government business using any other equipment. Indeed, the biggest
fear raised by Clipper is that it is the digital camel's nose under
the electronic tent. Another White House proposal, for instance, would
require that all future telecommunications systems--everything from
phones to online services--be ``wiretap friendly,'' says Jerry Berman,
executive director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation. Even the
most vociferous Clipper opponents concede a legitimate need for
electronic surveillance, but many would like to see Congress rather
than agencies like the NSA determine the proper balance of government
needs and individual rights.
   Cliff Stoll, whose book THE CUCKOO'S EGG focused attention on
computer espionage, thinks the Clipper controversy is overblown by
both sides. In fact, he contends, the typical telephone or computer
user doesn't need any encryption more powerful than pig Latin.
   Erhaps-pay.

@_date: 1994-04-12 15:54:06
@_author: 1/2 
@_subject: number theory 
Okay, my memory has been jogged... is this a paper by Pomerance, "On
the distribution of pseudoprimes"?  He gave more precise estimates for
the number of base-2 pseudoprimes.  With his more precise estimates, the chance of a 100 digit number
passing the base-2 pseudoprime test is about 1/10^13...
I think his work applies only to base-2 pseudoprimes, so my statement
concerning the error rate of Miller-Rabin is still correct: for s
iterations, the chance of failure is 2^-s.

@_date: 1994-04-20 11:11:01
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Privacy in the Projects 
check it out.
here in the projects--we want privacy to...
know what i'm sayin'?
and 'punks,
keep up the good work with that PCP
[Pretty Cool Privacy]. and sarge,
be cool, there's a lot of good
brothers in the service--Semper Fi!
when the infobahn gets to the projects,
we'll be waitin'
L.A. Times  4/19/94  B1
Security Plan Draws Fire
by Edward J. Boyer
Safety: Public housing residents pan the proposal for metal detectors
and gun searches at L.A. projects.
    President Clintons call for tougher security in public housing
projects, including metal detectors and random searches, was generally
rejected Monday by residents at the Nickerson Gardens project in
    "We should not have any more sets of rules than the public at large
just because we live in public housing," said Nora King, a past
president of the project's Residents Advisory Council.
    Clinton made his call Saturday in an effort to rid gang-infested
housing projects of guns after a federal judge in Chicago blocked
authorities from conducting sweeps for weapons.  The judge ruled that
the sweeps violated constitutional protections against unreasonable
searches and seizures.
    Public housing residents in Chicago requested the sweeps because
they are "nearly desperate with conditions as they are," said Housing
and Urban Development Secretary Henry G. Cisneros.
    But Los Angeles is not Chicago with its high-rise public housing,
residents at Nickerson Gardens said.
    "People get robbed and raped in those elevators," King said.  "From
what I've seen, Los Angeles has it far better than people in Chicago."
    Metal detectors might make sense in Chicago, but there are no
elevators and no common entry areas in the 1,066-unit Nickerson
Gardens, the city's largest public housing project, residents said.
    "Where would they put metal detectors here?" asked Larry Moore, 25,
who has lived in the projects all his life.  "At everyone's front
    Along with suggesting metal detectors, Cisneros said housing
officials can retake their projects from gangs and drug dealers by
erecting fences around the complexes, by conducting weapons searches in
common areas such as on the grounds and in stairwells, and by urging
tenants to sign consent forms permitting police searches.
    The get-tough policies "are targeted to Chicago, but the same
approach will be available to other communities," Cisneros said
    A Chicago police officer visiting Locke High School in Watts on
Monday as part of an anti-gang rap music show said he is opposed to
weapons sweeps at housing projects in his city.
    "Why sweep the buildings, when we should be sweeping the public
schools, the entire neighborhoods," said Officer Eric Davis, 32, who is
touring several cities with two other Chicago officers. The trio's rap
group is called the Slick Boys.
    "We can chase guns out for one week," said Davis, who patrols
Chicago's Cabrini Green public housing project.  "But what about when
the searches stop?  We want to figure out how to give people self-
esteem--give them a future."
    Weapons searches at Nickerson Gardens are not necessary, said
Delaina Carr, a 15-year resident, "because people have a right to
privacy."  Security guards at night would be more helpful, she said.
    A RAND study released last year showed that the crime rate in Los
Angeles public housing projects was three times as high as the citywide
average from 1986 to 1989.  But by the time the study was released, a
reduction in violent incidents had begun, housing officials said.
    Gang violence, drugs and burglaries are still a concern, Carr said,
but "it is quieter here since the gang truce a year and a half ago. You still hear gunshots, but you don't feel like a prisoner in your own
    Fences, as suggested by Cisneros, might help control some crimes--
especially those committed by people who do not live in the project,
Carr said.
    "They would improve security," she said.  "People couldn't run from
police who could catch them easier before they could climb a fence."
    King said a survey of residents several years ago showed that the
majority were opposed to fencing in the project's 68.8 acres.  But that
attitude seemed to soften later, she said, and some residents now would
support an architecturally attractive fence.
    Moore gave a qualified endorsement to weapons searches, saying:
They could be cool.  But they could lead to a lot of harassment."
    He said he is skeptical about any proposal to search people who
look suspicious.  "I've seen criminals in three-piece suits," he said.
    For one woman standing in her doorway, allowing searches is a moot
    "They do it now, anyway, don't they?" she asked.
    One man who has lived at Nickerson Gardens for 31 years said he
would support bringing in more police, but only if the new officers
"know what's going on here."
    "Train some of the residents to be police," said the man, who asked
to remain anonymous.  "We don't need police who've been watching too
much television news."
    King supports hiring people who live in the community, and she is
convinced that such officers would respond more quickly to calls.
    "It takes hours for the Housing Authority police to respond--if
they come at all," she said.  "If you're not white, you don't get that
quick response."

@_date: 1994-04-21 05:56:39
@_author: -=Xenon=- 
@_subject: Re: What the heck is this? Optical noise encrpytion? 
Bill Stewart commented thus:
This reminded me that I've never seen this announcement posted on cypherpunks, it was posted to various Usenet groups a while back. I have yet to try running gifextract on any of the images in alt.binaries.pictures.fractals.... :-)
----- Begin Included Message
Newsgroups: sci.crypt,alt.security.pgp
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Henry Hastur's latest.
This thing generates fractals, hiding a PGP or Stealth PGP message
in them as well.
I have put it up for ftp at ftp.netcom.com in /pub/qwerty, as
MandelSteg1.0.tar.Z. Also there, is a "Steganography.software.list",
and other steganographic software.
 -=Xenon=-
P.S. I will forward mail to "Henry" if you would like to contact him.
These two programs allow you to hide confidential data in fractal GIF images,
giving an increased level of security compared to sending PGP-encrypted
email over the Internet. MandelSteg will create a Mandelbrot image (though
it could easily be modified to produce other fractals), storing your data
in the specified bit of the image pixels, after which GIFExtract can be
used by the recipient to extract that bit-plane of the image.
MandelSteg is not intended to replace the standardised methods of using
encryption (e.g. ASCII-armoured PGP email) ; in an ideal world we would
all be able to send openly encrypted mail or files to each other with no fear of reprisals, however there are often cases when this is not possible,
either because the local government does not approve of encrypted communication, or perhaps because you are working for a company that
does not allow encrypted email but doesn't care about Mandelbrot
GIFs. This is where steganography can come into play.
You will probably find that you also need to get hold of a copy of
an interactive Mandelbrot viewer in order to determine suitable
coordinates to use for images. There are numerous such viewers available
on the Internet and BBS systems (e.g. xmandel).
MandelSteg - 'Mandelbrot Steganography'
[ Note : Due to file system limits, on MS-DOS the executable names are
  mandsteg and gifextr rather than mandelsteg and gifextract. Also note
  that unless you have an 80x87 coprocessor or are running on a 486DX+
  processor, mandsteg will run VERY slowly due to the number of floating
  point operations required ! ]
Store file in 640x480 mandel.gif :
mandelsteg -e mandel.gif < file.dat
Store file in 400x400 mandel.gif, using non-standard co-ordinates :
mandelsteg -sz 400 400 -md -0.5505 -0.5505 0.0001 0.0001 -e mandel.gif Encrypt file with PGP, strip headers with stealth, and store in bit 0 of mandel.gif with non-standard coordinates, using 256-color palette and not storing in solid colors, with 23 byte random prefix :
pgp -ef < secrets.dat | stealth | mandelsteg -sz 400 400 -md -1.0 -1.0 2.0 Test non-standard coordinates for available space :
mandelsteg -ns -sz 400 400 -md -0.5505 -0.5505 0.0001 0.0001 -c > /dev/null
Generate image containing random data to annoy cryptanalysts :
mandelsteg -fp -r -ns -e annoying.gif < /dev/null
Error messages:
Extract bit-plane 4 from foo.gif into secrets.pgp :
gifextract -b 4 foo.gif > secrets.pgp
gifextract -b 4 < foo.gif > secrets.pgp
Analyse bit plane 1 of foo.gif for one bit and zero bit frequencies prior
to using it for steganography :
gifextract -a -b 1 foo.gif
Extract the secrets.dat file that was used in the mandelsteg example above,
if your PGP key id is 23ffff :
gifextract -b 0 -bp 23 -ns mandel.gif | stealth -a 0x23ffff | Error messages
Either of these programs can be freely distributed, however you must
take into account any prevailing cryptography import and export regulations in international transfers. This program was written
outside the US, and as such copies should be available from European
ftp sites as well.
----- End Included Message

@_date: 1994-04-23 13:40:05
@_author: -=Xenon=- 
@_subject: Fractal steganography 
Hi, sorry if this appears twice, but I sent it a few days ago and it
never turned up. Recent mention of using fractals for steganography of
PGP-encrypted messages reminded me that I'd never seen this announcement
posted to cypherpunks...
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Henry Hastur's latest.
This thing generates fractals, hiding a PGP or Stealth PGP message
in them as well.
I have put it up for ftp at ftp.netcom.com in /pub/qwerty, as
MandelSteg1.0.tar.Z. Also there, is a "Steganography.software.list",
and other steganographic software.
 -=Xenon=-
P.S. I will forward mail to "Henry" if you would like to contact him.
These two programs allow you to hide confidential data in fractal GIF images,
giving an increased level of security compared to sending PGP-encrypted
email over the Internet. MandelSteg will create a Mandelbrot image (though
it could easily be modified to produce other fractals), storing your data
in the specified bit of the image pixels, after which GIFExtract can be
used by the recipient to extract that bit-plane of the image.
MandelSteg is not intended to replace the standardised methods of using
encryption (e.g. ASCII-armoured PGP email) ; in an ideal world we would
all be able to send openly encrypted mail or files to each other with no fear of reprisals, however there are often cases when this is not possible,
either because the local government does not approve of encrypted communication, or perhaps because you are working for a company that
does not allow encrypted email but doesn't care about Mandelbrot
GIFs. This is where steganography can come into play.
You will probably find that you also need to get hold of a copy of
an interactive Mandelbrot viewer in order to determine suitable
coordinates to use for images. There are numerous such viewers available
on the Internet and BBS systems (e.g. xmandel).
MandelSteg - 'Mandelbrot Steganography'
[ Note : Due to file system limits, on MS-DOS the executable names are
  mandsteg and gifextr rather than mandelsteg and gifextract. Also note
  that unless you have an 80x87 coprocessor or are running on a 486DX+
  processor, mandsteg will run VERY slowly due to the number of floating
  point operations required ! ]
Store file in 640x480 mandel.gif :
mandelsteg -e mandel.gif < file.dat
Store file in 400x400 mandel.gif, using non-standard co-ordinates :
mandelsteg -sz 400 400 -md -0.5505 -0.5505 0.0001 0.0001 -e mandel.gif Encrypt file with PGP, strip headers with stealth, and store in bit 0 of mandel.gif with non-standard coordinates, using 256-color palette and not storing in solid colors, with 23 byte random prefix :
pgp -ef < secrets.dat | stealth | mandelsteg -sz 400 400 -md -1.0 -1.0 2.0 Test non-standard coordinates for available space :
mandelsteg -ns -sz 400 400 -md -0.5505 -0.5505 0.0001 0.0001 -c > /dev/null
Generate image containing random data to annoy cryptanalysts :
mandelsteg -fp -r -ns -e annoying.gif < /dev/null
Error messages:
Extract bit-plane 4 from foo.gif into secrets.pgp :
gifextract -b 4 foo.gif > secrets.pgp
gifextract -b 4 < foo.gif > secrets.pgp
Analyse bit plane 1 of foo.gif for one bit and zero bit frequencies prior
to using it for steganography :
gifextract -a -b 1 foo.gif
Extract the secrets.dat file that was used in the mandelsteg example above,
if your PGP key id is 23ffff :
gifextract -b 0 -bp 23 -ns mandel.gif | stealth -a 0x23ffff | Error messages
Either of these programs can be freely distributed, however you must
take into account any prevailing cryptography import and export regulations in international transfers. This program was written
outside the US, and as such copies should be available from European
ftp sites as well.

@_date: 1994-04-27 22:40:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: stop mailing to remail@infinity, please 
Yeah, aside from the privacy problems here, there are other reasons for
not looking at mail going through your remailer.  I run a remailer, and
one night a few weeks ago, we had a power failure here during the night,
so the system got hosed.  When I was setting it back up in the morning,
I saw the incoming mail which hadn't gone into the filter.  Well, there
were some messages in there which ... well, let me just say that someone
was using my remailer for a purpose which I would have rather not known
about.  Sometimes ignorance is bliss.

@_date: 1994-05-06 09:26:27
@_author: Jim Nalbandian 
@_subject: i 
lassie!jim%lassie (Jim Nalbandian) says:
ARE NOT
should you be interested in congratulating jim nalbandian for his recent well thought out and highly intellectual contributions to the list feel free to contact him personally
jim nalbandian
(602) 968-4540
his adept and comprehensive instructions on the use of payphones will be educational for those on the list who are too modest to take credit for their constructive feedback and are thus included below
or for those more inclined to use the postal services
1241 west university drive
tempe, arizona

@_date: 1994-05-06 18:09:05
@_author: Lefty 
@_subject: Anonymous? 
lefty (Lefty) says,
lef> >For example, would you object to this:
lef> >
lef> >an4544  = XXXX
lef> (etc.)
lef> What you have supplied represents an invasion of privacy as well,
lef> in my opinion.  If you were to explain how you came by this
lef> information, _that_ might be worth sharing, but simply presenting
lef> a mapping of anonyms to truenyms is not.
Gladly.  The problem was described in comp.risks, volume 15, number 17,
and I'll reproduce it below.  Two of the i.d.'s above were posted in
alt.test, with unusual signatures which Julf's software was unable to
strip; the third person posted his anon i.d. in his .sig, apparently so
that people could write him anonymously.  These are protocol failures,
resulting from an incomplete understanding of the anonymous posting
procedure.  Note that chop.ucsd.edu is also liable to this abuse, but
Matthew Ghio's service is somewhat more resistant.
=== BEGIN QUOTED ARTICLE ===
Recently, I asked for information on Usenet, but wanted to remain
anonymous, so I used an anonymous remailer to post.  Most people have
seen anonymous postings, and some people have probably replied to them.
What many people probably never think about is the following text at the
end of every post (that you will see at the end of my post):
This means that if Bill replies to my anonymous posting, it will go
through the remailer and become anonymized.  If Bill has sent an
anonymous message before, I will receive mail from him with his
(permanent) anonymous id.  If he puts in his signature at the end of his
mail (which I always do when replying to a stranger), he will be giving
me his anonymous id with his "real" id.  I can then save this
information in a database and cross-reference it with any anonymous
In fact, I have been doing just that.  I use the "Insidious Big Brother
Database" (bbdb) from within emacs, and it automatically inserts email
senders into my database, and marks all net-news headers from people in
my database.  I do this just because I'm curious, not malicious.  My
database is encrypted, so only I can read it.  I could be evil, though.
I could post flame-bait in newsgroups like alt.sexual.abuse.recovery,
save all the information from people that flame me, and then post the
cross-references to alt.rush.limbaugh.  Or I could do worse.
Be careful to whom you reply.
