
@_date: 1993-08-17 23:10:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: NEW CP REMAILER 
Well, after two days or so of missed mail and a lot of headache and missed
sleep, I think I've got this working ok. The remailer address is , and so far it is a vanilla remailer, nothing special at all. I have not tested it with encrypted messages yet, the public
key, however, is below. Consider the remailer in 'test mode' for the next
few days, and if all goes well I'll turn off the logging etc. by the 25th.
Until then the remailer should be considered unsecured and all messages are subject to being inadvertantly read by myself in the process of debugging.
If it works as well as it looks like it works, at that point I will turn
off all logging, debugging, and archiveing, and generaly keep my nose out
of it.
Send any questions to me at cdodhner
Happy Hunting, -Chris
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1993-09-14 14:59:03
@_author: which is NOT implemented just yet 
@_subject: REMAIL: list 
Here is an interim release of the list, which includes the elee9sf
and elee6ue remailer.  (And you thought I was joking when I said
that some people run remailers that aren't announced :-)
I cleaned up the scripts at elee6ue and in the process of creating
the proper directories for caching (which is NOT implemented just yet) I
zapped the pgp directory and the keyrings... so now there is a new key
for elee6ue keyid = BBC00D.  Sorry about that!
Also, my key klbarrus keyid = 5AD633 has an A.K.A. on
it for elee9sf  This is NOT the public key to the remailer,
whose keyid is DC9EE9.
I sign the public keys of remailers I have verified as working, so if you
get the latest pubkeys.tar.gz file from soda or the keys from me, you
will find a signature from 5AD633 on them.
Lastly, thanks to folks who are contributing programs to help other use
the remailers!  I decided to keep my offerings as shell scripts or batch
files, but there is only so much these languages can do, so I welcome
"high" level help programs (source included :-).  Nate's program is
mentioned, but not Alex's (yet) since it isn't available via ftp (yet).
I'll try to keep on top of this stuff.
Cypherpunk anonymous remailers, 9/15/93
Q1: What are the anonymous remailers?
 1: nowhere
 2: hh
 3: hh
 4: hh
 5: 00x
 6: cdodhner
 7: hal
 8: cs60a-qu
 9: ebrandt
10: catalyst
11: sameer
12: remailer
13: elee6ue
14: elee7h5
15: hfinney
16: remail
17: remail
18: remailer
19: remailer
20: elee9sf
21: remail
NOTES: 1-6		no encryption of remailing requests
7-20		support encrypted remailing requests
21		special - header and message must be encrypted together
12,18,19,21	introduce larger than average delay (not direct connect)
12,18,21	running on privately owned machines
20              supports RIPEM encryption, caches all requests
Q2: What help is available?
Check out the pub/cypherpunks/remailer directory at soda.berkeley.edu
(128.32.149.19).  chain.zip             - program that helps with using remailers
dosbat.zip            - MSDOS batch files that help with using remailers
hal's.instructions.gz - in depth instruction on how to use
hal's.remailer.gz     - remailer code
pubkeys.tar.gz        - public keys of remailers which support encryption
pubkeys.zip           - MSDOS zip file of public keys
scripts.tar.gz        - scripts that help with using remailers
Also, at 129.82.156.104 in /pub/pgpc/ are two files: pgp22.tar.gz,
pgp22.tar.Z which assist in using the anonymous remailers, including
Mail to me (klbarrus for further help and/or questions.
Q3.  Email-to-Usenet gateways?
 1: group-name
 2: group.name.usenet
 3: group.name
 4: group.name
 5: group-name
 6: group-name
*  This does not include ones that work for single groups, like twwells.com.
 apparently blocks anonymous remailer posts
 blocks from non-berkeley sites (so use the berkeley remailers :-)

@_date: 1993-10-30 08:20:51
@_author: see Chaum's "Untraceable Electronic Mail" 
@_subject: ANON: anonymous mail 
I thought I'd describe why you would want to pad anonymous mail.
Currently, the destination and contents of email you send isn't private.  It
is possible for any number of people to snoop your mail as it travels to its
For privacy, you can encrypt your mail.  Suppose Alice has an email account
as learns that email is about as private as a postcard.  She decides to
encrypt all of her email, and all of her correspondents agree to do the same.  So now, nobody can read her mail.
But, who she communicates with still yeilds information.  This is called traffic analysis, and I won't go into it here.  So, enter anonymous remailers (see Chaum's "Untraceable Electronic Mail").
Currently several people on this list are experimenting with and running
anonymous remailers.  The remailers accept instructions (optionally encrypted) and resend messages, making it look as though the mail originates
from the remailer.
Now Alice sends and receives all her encrypted mail from an anonymous
remailer.  Somebody snooping Alice won't learn the contents of her mail,
or even with whom she communicates.  (She could even keep private what
USENET news she reads by borrowing a trick from Mr. Slippery in "True Names"
 - just download everything and read what you want at home.)
Another security enhancement is chaining the anonymous remailers, instructing one to mail to another, and so on, eventually delivering mail. Alice and her friends do the same, and they continue to privately communicate, keeping their various identities secret.  If the snooper just watches the first remailer, he will learn that her mail goes to another remailer, etc.  Now the snooper would need to watch more remailers to figure
out who Alice is talking to.
- From time to time, people suggest a probabalistic remailer, either forwarding mail to another remailer, or delivering it immediately.  This
actually reveals the final destination to more remailers than before.  For
example, if Alice chains mail A-B-C-final, then only the C remailer knows
the final destination.  But if the remailers implemented some probabalistic
scheme, then each one will have to be given the final destination.
To make it harder for a snooper, the remailers decide to cache their
remailing requests, sending them out periodically instead of immediately.
Now, a snooper would see a steady stream of mail into the remailer, and
nothing coming out until suddenly, the remailer sends out all of its queued
messages.  If a large number of messages are stored to be remailed later, the snooper isn't able to easily match up incoming and outgoing messages.
Now we come to message padding.  If a snooper watches the incoming and
outgoing mail, perhaps the size of the mail will provide enough information
to link sender to destination, even if it is cached and remailed along with
several other messages.  So, to defeat this, the remailer can pad all messages to be a certain length.
The best way for this to work is if a snooper can't figure out what is
padding and what isn't.  For plaintext and digitally signed (only)
documents, this is not too difficult.  But, for encrypted messages, if the
remailer could insert padding into the encrypted text itself, or add in padding which would be ignored upon decryption, then it would be very difficult, if not impossible, for a snooper to determine what is and what
isn't padding.
The system implemented at the elee9sf remailer is a simple
type - it pads the message body to a certain length.  But it is pretty
obvious what is padding and what isn't - so if a snooper is in a position
to determine the length of a message (say they are trying to match up
source and destination), they probably will be able to read the message
and throw the padding out on their own.
A better system would be one that pads inside encrypted text.  This can be done with a pgp encrypted message by padding the end of ascii encrypted text
and adjusting a few bytes (length fields, etc.).  The message can still be decrypted, and the excess padding bytes will be ignored.  Such a system is in the works... and it is reasonable to pad encrypted messages since it is much harder to detect and you will probably encrypt text sent through an anonymous remailer to get the maximum benefit.  (If you don't mind everyone
reading what you wrote you could use a dc-net and generate plaintext :-)
Another useful technique is an anonymous pool, where everybody in the pool
gets every message.  Since everybody subscribing to the list receives
every message, it would be extremely difficult for a snooper to determine
to whom such a message is really intended for.  You could use a newsgroup for the same purpose - post encrypted text to some group and your friend would read the group and retreive the message.  Also, from time to time people wonder about errors and whether failed mail
can be bounced back or whatever.  The difficulty here is that the anonymous
remailers try to keep information about source and destination to a minimum.
For instance, a message may be routed through several remailers; the previous hop may be another remailer, so it wouldn't be useful to bounce the
message back.  Some remailers drop bounced mail, others wind up appending to
a log file.  A good solution currently implemented at extropia.wimsey.com is
to use an anonymous pool for error reporting.
Karl Barrus
