
@_date: 1994-06-21 19:50:13
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: nobody@vox.hacktic.nl is up. 
Vincent.Cate once said:
:If we use "nobody" as an email address we can hide remailers or make it
:seem like there were remailers where there are not, etc.
:The convention on the Internet is for mail to "nobody" to go to
:"/dev/null".  This is used as a return address when you don't want bounced
:Now remailer operators are clearly more interested in privacy than in
:following conventions.  Imagine remailers also had addresses like
:"nobody and "nobody  You now can choose from three cypherpunx remailers at vox.hacktic.nl :
    -> remailer
    ->   remail
    ->   nobody

@_date: 1994-06-28 14:35:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: A question about encryption methods. 
I would like to encrypt data for a CD-Rom.
Anyone's data can get on the CD-Rom by way of
the encryption box.
Likewise anyone could read the cypher data
back from the CD-Rom.
Given that every 2k block of data will be encrypted
with the same key.
Given that there are weak keys with the IDEA
And given that someone could mount an adaptive
chosen plaintext attack.
Which of the following would be a good bet for
a secure data CD-Rom?
1 - IDEA cypher using Cypher Feed Back for the
2k data block. Insuring that the Weak Keys are
not used.
2 - A combination cypher consisting of...
IDEA -> T -> IDEA -> T -> IDEA
where each IDEA cypher is in Cypher Feed Back mode
with it's own key.
where each T mixes the bytes around in the 2K block
based on a modulo sum of the 2k bytes.
Would method two be too time consuming?
Would I need to exclude the weak keys from the IDEA
cyphers in the second method?

@_date: 1994-07-17 23:03:55
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Bankless cash system? 
How does this work? Where can I get more information about it?
If it's as good as it sounds, I will code it.

@_date: 1994-08-12 18:12:18
@_author: An0nYm0Us UsEr 
@_subject: No Subject 
Diogenes pondered:
Don't most remailers have a 'bit bucket' address tho?  Generating some bogus
bit-bucket messages would solve that problem...
Also, Ghio's remailer lets you put two (or more) messages inside a PGP
envelope, so in theory you could have one message go in and two come out.
There is the size problem tho. :(

@_date: 1994-08-18 03:58:21
@_author: or other agency 
@_subject: CIA Using Remailer System? 
I had a funny thought the other day. YES, the remailers have been set up for
foiling traffic analysis and YES they are reasonably secure and YES they
are oriented toward private citizens striving to protect their personal
Wouldn't it be funny, if the CIA (or other agency) used the remailer system
(alon with PGP) for regular communication with operatives overseas. Think
about it for a second...the NSA can't be the only one monitoring Internet
traffic. With that in mind, say the Company had to get a message overseas
to an operative. Probably it would be a bad idea to send a message to someone
overseas with the return address of spooks so why wouldn't
they take advantage of the remailer system?
That way the message (encrypted of course) would arrive in a person's mailbox
from hacktic or wimsey or kaiwan and noone could attach any sort of importance
to it. And because it could be encyrpted every step of the way, noone would
also be able to snoop.
Yeah, they probably have their own exotic encryption systems.....cyphers that
would be a dead give away in the case of an operative getting busted. But
again, PGP being nicely widely distributed, no enemy agency need attach an
identity to a suspect by virtue of his using PGP.
Just a thought and mybe a lame one at that, but what the hell, stranger things
have happened. It would be mildly cynical to imagine the reamailer system set
up to throw roadblocks at the intelligence community was actually being
used by that same entity.

@_date: 1994-08-28 02:14:24
@_author: Internet access, etc. 
@_subject: Magic Money / NexusBucks 
To those at the Nexus who are using Magic Money: thank you and good luck.
So far you are planning to accept Magic Money as payment, and to pay out
Magic Money to a few people who write some code or otherwise help you out.
This will not get it into widespread use. Instead, everyone who signs up
for one of your services (Internet access, etc.) should get a rebate back
in Magic Money. This rebate can be used toward the next month's bill or any
other service you provide - but only if the person learns how to use Magic
Money and sets up a client. Now there is a real economic motive for quite
a few people to use it. Direct exchanges between the users will follow
In your description of Magic Money and the Nexus system, you said that a
bug in the Magic Money client would cause loss of coins if you enter a bad
coin value while entering coins to be paid out. This is not true, at least
not on the systems I've tried it on. You get an error message and a rather
ominous-looking blank line, but entering a correct coin value will continue
the process.
Also, for automation and Perl scripts, you might want to take a look at
the v1.1 auto-client. The auto-client is designed especially for control
from another program or script. Control from a perl script would be very
easy - much easier than controlling the manual client. I also encourage
you to standardize on v1.1 now because it adds the bank's keyid to the end
of each coins.dat file. The auto-client can retrieve the keyid, and its
presence will be very important if you ever start using multiple banks.
                                            Pr0duct Cypher
Cypherpunks build Bombs?
