
@_date: 1997-07-08 04:06:48
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Re: Direct satellite systems? 
I have the Dish Network ( 1-800-333-dish).  They don't
have NASA, but do have SCI-FI, and National Empowerment Television
(net.fcref.org), both C-spans, court-tv, several cnn/cnbc type channels.
I am really happy with it.  With their "better system" (dual lbnf) you can
hang up to 4 receivers - which have to be their own, but the 5000 can get
off-air and includes event timers and even caller-id!  They also offer 6
channel HBO, multi cinemax, etc.  I would take a look.
The big dish would get most of the above, and NASA, but would cost more.
I also looked at primestar/ussb/etc.  Also lots of channels, but a
different set.  I like NET, and some of the channels only on dish, but you
may prefer the channels other providers have
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-08 04:07:07
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Re: e$: $MTP? (fwd) 
If all mail relays were either limited to sending to or from their
domains, and had a settable quota on Bcc: it would go a long way.  Since
mailers are high in Bcc, they could get a large quota.
I don't think spammers now send 500 discrete messages, especially long
ones, merely Bcc: 500 people.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-11 05:32:45
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Re: The Recent Trend in "Collective Contracts" 
I think that in the first case it is a "template" for legislative action,
so that if congress passes it, it binds the states and the companies.
Otherwise you have the lawyers and lobbyists for both sides getting all
the money.
The second case is more of an industry standards type argument - If Gore
was not there, then instead of one network saying "moderately nasty
language" and a second flashing L3 on the screen, everone will use the
same method, something like the SAE standardizes on tool sizes.
Politicians gather around because it makes it look like they are doing
something useful.
I think people have the right to sue, but no tobacco company can be found
guilty of witholding information (the warning on the cigarette pack was by
statute adequate notice - in the same law that required the notices).
One of the problems is that such agreements specifically limit my right to
use the courts to address torts - which should be for the court to decide
the validity.  Our legal system needs other reforms (e.g. loser pays), but
eliminating all civil courts isn't the way to correct it.
If states don't like paying medicaid and medicare to smokers, they are
free to pass laws (or have congress pass laws) denying public health care
to anyone who has smoked in the last X years.  Add drug and/or alcohol use
and our welfare rolls would nearly disappear.  I don't think anyone has
any more right to smoke and collect welfare than drink and drive.  (I go
further, but this is a proper subset of my views).
As when the banks encourage you to "Buy Savings Bonds"?  Tim May could
probably say whatever he wanted in any place they would accept the ad, but
commercial speech seems to be more limited.  It would depend if the
contract was passed as a bill.
The problem is they are bills masquerading as contracts.  The industry
assumes that congress will do the wrong thing if they don't act to get
something first.  Normally congress doesn't revisit an issue after
something is done and everyone forgets about it, and no one ever reads the
fine print.
The larger question is whether I, as a US Citizen, can write and publish a
program under the first ammendment, and could US Citizens use such a
program, if there were any crypto agreement in place or law passed
covering programs sold by US companies.  I don't think code-as-speech is
as threatened as code-as-product.  At least not yet.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-14 07:31:57
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Liberation Technology 
To coin a new phrase, and a play on words on the heresy known as
"liberation theology", I was thinking about what cypherpunks and such is
about and it comes down to "Liberation Technology".
Encryption and authentication technology lets me do things regardless of
what government wants.  I can communicate and not with who I want to.
But I also thought about some of the original Liberation Technology,
starting with the crossbow (which was banned because "even women could use
Guns are liberation technology and why restrictions on the ownership or
usage parallel crypto and other internet restrictions - When I can
exercise a right by using technology, restricting that technology
restricts that right.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-16 00:31:22
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Re: Making Imaginary Sex Illegal 
If "computer-simulated" images are legal, how can you tell that it is
computer simulated?  Everyone will then claim to be a talented artist, or
use reverse aging algorithms on adult porn photos, or just use enough
obvious features on a real picture to show computer alteration.  Or,
simply have a CG artist render the live scene?  Which category would that
be?  JPEG is a lossy compression technique - would that alteration to a
photograph be considered "computer simulation". If anyone watched the original hearings, this is what they were discussing
as the problem with the original definition.  I forget the specific
legalese, but if one face was pasted on a different body, for some reason
it ceased to fall within the old definition, making it very easy to create
"legal" child-pornography.  Of course courts regularly ignore legislative
intent. Congress is notoriously bad at coming up with good legal definitions, and
I was bothered that they didn't simply include "computer-altered" images
in the existing definition instead of a complete redifinition of "anything
that appears to be".
I hope the existing law is overturned as being too broad so that the
narrower definition can be passed.
But to return to the cypher aspect, what about altering existing images so
that they are unidentifiable as to whether they are from real acts or
truly the products of an imagination.  Will we now need someone from the
government to certify the kiddie porn isn't real?
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-16 05:44:01
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Re: Making Imaginary Sex Illegal 
Actually, Government Approved Kiddieporn, or GAK.  Isn't Hatch already for
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-19 09:14:30
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Re: Will Monolithic Apps Dominate? 
It has been called bloatware and it affects everything.  Consider PGP 5.0.
As far as I know, all the technology being scanned in over this month is
available outside the US (e.g. SSLeay, and zip).  Although I would rather
have multiple implementations, SSLeay is a DLL under windows, but now I am
also going to have a PGP50 DLL, both with MPI and crypto libraries.  And
that doesn't count the same functions which are in both netscape and msie.
Both Netscape and MSIE could have taken an approach where the crypto was
put in a different app (i.e. safepassage), so the SSLproxy app would only
be available in the US, and cloned at full strength elsewhere.  You can do
something equivalent on the server side (443 -> SSL-to-plain -> 80).
Unless I am really doing something graphic based, I use Lynx.  Or "geturl
 | tablerender | less".
What is worse about MS/NS is that they can't be automated.  I can do a
croned geturl every 5 minutes, but how do I extract a given table from a
site and import it into excel automatically?  I think excel will
eventually support URLs in some fashion if it doesn't already, but there
are more things which won't parse as easily.  And what if the data is on
the other side of a form?
I think part, if not most of the problem is the GUI paradigm.  It is very
expensive to start another app, so people clamor for features to be built
in to existing apps, so every app must do things other apps do.  If you
can't click on it, you can't do it.  If there is no Download and save the
Nth GIF on this page every 5 minutes, I won't be able to do this with a
normal browser.
This is in contrast to the CLI-filter-pipe paradigm where every program
just does one thing.  That thing can be extremely flexible (e.g. awk), but
it has a limited scope, and another app does other things, but they are
designed to be chainable.  But it requires thinking to build these chains
and "average" users refuse to learn how.  geturl  | grep
"pic.gif" | awk ... >nextfile.get; geturl `cat nextfile.get` >`date ..`
as a cron job will do the function I suggested above.
The question is how to merge the two so GUI apps are small and chainable
(maybe embeddable?).
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-20 11:39:07
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Re: PGP 5.0 source available (but not online yet) 2nd Edition 
For those with the source, (mine says july 9, 1997 and isbn 09649654-8-8
so it may be a variant - it also says second edition) check out page 1342
around the words "Key Recovery" near the top of the page in the pgpMakeSig
routine.  I know, it is only for future corporate key recovery ;).
Also, having 16 bytes for salt and iv fields which are supposed to be
"random" can hide a large amount of other data.

@_date: 1997-07-22 23:59:44
@_author: Unprivileged user 
@_subject: Re: Privacy: Law, Custom, and Technology 
... A contract is something within law and enforcable by courts, so you aren't
really talking "custom".  And even with private contracts, not everything
is enforcable.  Other times something like a contract (IANAL) is created
such as when I buy a product unless it says "as-is" it has some implicit
warranties under the universal commercial code.
Contracts are good things, but they are cumbersome because they have to be
negotiated on the spot [like the man at computer city who wrote on the
back of his check for their "club" membership - acceptance of this ... says you won't send me junkmail;  They deposited the check and he sued and
On a web page, I usually cannot send an E-NDA in the form they want me to
fill out (so I often leave spaces blank or with obviously bad numbers and
some comment to contact me).  This is usually less efficient than phoning.
This leaves Custom as such, a social instead of a legal contract.  The net
has been good at policing its own.  Web pages asking for email addresses
aren't supposed to forward them to spambots.  They now often state this
explicitly.  If someone says something wrong in a discussion group, they
get flamed, and if they do it enough, they are placed in everyone's kill
The problem is that culture takes a while to learn, and with everyone with
different customs comes to the net, they may not see anything wrong with
doing something they are used to (for a physical world example: some local
immigrants from an area where barter was the custom tried haggling on
price-tagged items until they figured out what was going on). Custom is determined by evolution, not by specification.  And that cannot
be accelerated, and will be a problem until everyone has been on the net
long enough to establish a common set of manners.  How much information
does someone retain?  Enough so that a web page presents your desired
configuration without having to retype it?  Should they pass this on to a
sister site?  A different company? The worst thing that can happen is to codify custom.  I can see that as
the reason to avoid "Voluntary Ratings", because as soon as a misrated
(who determines?) page comes up, it becomes cause for a legal action, and
then everyone will want it to be manditory and enforced.
So a measure of politeness (indicating what the content might be so it can
be filtered) becomes a political battle, almost as if I don't go out and
say something offensive in public every day then I am not defending my
first ammendment rights - which is only slightly less bizzarre than some
of the judicial decisions.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---
