
@_date: 1993-12-28 15:42:35
@_author: Scott Northrop 
@_subject: GPS and security 
If the military is worried about delivery systems' accuracy, Phil Karn
already mentioned kamikazies, but if you don't want to make suicide part of
the package, you could always just have someone drop a radio transmitter on
your target sometime in advance, possibly a day or two.  The missile can
then home in on the signal.  (If you need to get it inside a high-security
area, you could always encase it in foam and drop it from a model airplane
or launch it in a model rocket.)  Or you could just leave a suitcase with a
timed bomb at your target location; plutonium bombs can be very small.
It boggles my mind that the military mind prevents the use of tools that
are just too complicated for the "bad guys" to bother with.  Does CBS have
an email address yet?  :)
Scott Northrop                             (206)784-2083
ObVirus:   The demand for obedience is inherently evil.
ObVirus2:  As a juror in a Trial by Jury, you have the right, power and duty
           to acquit the defendant if you judge the law itself to be unjust.

@_date: 1994-03-18 11:09:08
@_author: Scott Northrop 
@_subject: cypherpunks-seattle@netcom.com is up and running. 
Last weekend the call went out somewhat at the last minute for a Cypherpunks
physical meeting in Seattle, and 11 people showed!  With a little planning,
I'm sure we can have more of the Seattle crowd attending the next meeting.
The new mailing list is to facilitate that planning.  The intro doc follows.
Scott Northrop                             (206)784-2083
      Those who use arms well cultivate the Way and keep the rules.
      Thus they can govern in such a way as to prevail over the corrupt.
                                     -- Sun Tzu, The Art of War, Book IV
----------------------------------->% snip %<----------------------------------
Welcome to the cypherpunks-seattle mailing list.
Like every moderator of every new list, I hope this will be mostly signal and
very little noise.  I don't envision this as a general discussion list --
that's what the main list is for.
This list is for:
This list is NOT for:
This list is managed by a Majordomo-style mailing list server running on
netcom.com.  If you want to send a command to the list server, put it in
the body of a message to listserv  Some useful commands:
Any suggestions for how to improve this intro are welcome.
Any suggestions for a *local* FAQ are also welcome.
    Always remember, the space-time continuum is allocated on a
    first-come, first-served basis.  So drive carefully!
Scott Northrop

@_date: 1994-03-23 01:07:16
@_author: Scott Northrop 
@_subject: Netcom's mail queue 
Wow, some people love to do things the hard way.
You missed a few, by the way.
"Torin/Darren/Who Ever..." Alan Mason Allen Robinson Brian Beker Bruce R Koball Mark Shepard Ranjan Bagchi analyst (Benjamin McLemore)
argos (Peter Johnson)
bwp (Bandwidth Pig)
catalyst (Scott Collins)
claudel (Claude V. Lucas)
consensus (Christopher Allen)
dgordon (David Gordon)
doug (Doug Merritt)
eman (Emanuel Barros)
erin1 (COUNT ZERO)
eyeball (David M. Berman)
jamie (Jamie Dinkelacker)
jesse (Jesse Montrose)
jimn8 (Jim Nitchals)
jjohnson (John T. Johnson)
jkyser (Jeff Kyser)
jpdavid (john kordic)
jrest (John Restrick)
jtl (Todd Larason)
mlinksva (Michael R Linksvayer)
mpd (Mike Duvos)
paul braunbehrens ph (Peter Hendrickson)
plaz (Geoff Dale)
pomona (Alexander J. Harrington)
quenelle (Chris Quenelle)
rcain (Robert Cain)
richardr (Richard L. Robertson)
rogerp (Roger Plichta)
rpandya (Ravi Pandya)
russw (Russell Earl Whitaker)
rustman (Rusty Hodge)
sonny (James Hicks)
speacock (Sean P Peacock)
szabo (Nick Szabo)
zzyzx (Phil Free)
Majordomo has a "who" command.  No muss, no fuss.
As has been mentioned before, this is not a secure forum.
Scott Northrop                             (206)784-2083
      Those who use arms well cultivate the Way and keep the rules.
      Thus they can govern in such a way as to prevail over the corrupt.
                                     -- Sun Tzu, The Art of War, Book IV

@_date: 1995-01-20 21:39:08
@_author: Scott Northrop 
@_subject: "Smart Roads" for toll collection and traffic logging 
Here in Seattle there is a proposal to turn a couple of traffic chokepoints
into toll roads.  Because a toll plaza would back things up even worse, I'm
guessing they'll look to an automated system that will let you pay without
leaving your car.  This is established tech -- a nifty article about it showed
up in _Electronic Design_ last month.
The downside is that it'll not be designed with privacy in mind at all, and
will eventually have this pesky database of who went by the toll booth and
when.  We all know that old databases never die, they just get put on tape and
stuffed in a box, to wait for someone with a curious streak to come by.  This
is a well-established problem with naiive designs of automated toll plazas,
and I am looking for examples of things that could be done with this database
by someone with ill intent, or could be done with the toll system itself if it
got to be more widespread.
- Obviously, if your car is talking to the road all the time, speeding tickets
are a gimme.
- You might be targeted for "further investigation" if you happen to drive by
the wrong part of town.  Gotta step up the heat on that war on drugs, ya know.
I can come up with all sorts of ways to detect people from committing crimes
(and don't really need those examples -- folks might think I *want* a Big
Brother Highway!), but I'm curious what peoples' fears are about what this
could mean to innocent folks, Joe Sixpack and his pals.  There is a meeting in
a few days where public comment on the toll road idea is being solicited, and
I want to have some really compelling horror stories with which to capture
peoples' imaginations about what a Big Brother Highway could mean.
I want to scare people, but I want to scare 'em with something believable.
If there's an archive that mentions anything like this, please point it out in
private mail.  I'll summarize what I get to the list, and also make that
document available on the web, if anything interesting comes up.
