
@_date: 1997-07-26 05:21:32
@_author: do you remember -L18? 
@_subject: Re: Yet another self-labeling system (do you remember -L18?) 
Why is everything considered to be a federal government v.s. total anarchy
A PRIVATE organization could set up objective standards for content and
then produce ratings for sites (using a digital signature technique). Whether your site has nude pictures is something measurable.  There can
also be subjective standards.  If you find religion offensive, you can go
to sites rated as safe by an atheistic association.  If they misrate
things, switch organizations.
You can make a movie and say it is rated "G", but you cannot use the
MMPA's reputation capital to do so.  If you say it has been rated "G" by
the MMPA, it either has been, or your are committing fraud. You can place any tag on your site which you want, but the same
technological revolution will make reputation capital certification
possible, and your choice will be to have no site rating, or one provided
by an organization which has standards and you won't be able to forge.
If I want to create a site which advertises to children of a particular
age group, I will want to attract the largest number of children possible. No one will trust my own "safe for children" tag, but they will trust
someone independent.  So I go to them to have my site rated, and either
make adjustments, or debate some points, but the idea is that my page will
then become a place for children to go to because of the rating. No, but if I am the one certifying your site, I would certify what I see
as appropriate for the given age group, and use a digital signature, so if
you altered your content, you would immediately lose my certification, or
I might do so for a probationary period until you established a reputation
for not swapping nice clowns for lusty nudes, much as people require
collateral and cosigners until someone has built up a good credit rating.
If you said "suitable for children", and the common opinion was that it
wasn't, you would develop a reputation for mislabeling, lying, fraud, or
psycosis.  If you keep calling a Stetson hat a potted plant, you lose
reputation capital.  And then people stop believing you on other issues
such as "I know what I am talking about when it comes to programming".
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-26 05:34:57
@_author: 7/24/97 
@_subject: PRZ and PGP honored on NET 
Last night (7/24/97), on National Empowerment Television, the hosts of
Endangered Liberties honored Phil Zimmerman for his work on PGP, and they
even had an employee of PGP there to discuss the program and the policy
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-07-31 22:44:15
@_author: or even currency 
@_subject: Re: uncensorable net based payment system? 
The big problem will be fraud.  How do you know the ISP you are buying
disk space from won't disappear after you have prepaid a year of disk
I am not sure of the economics of moving to micropayments (A post in the
e$ lists noted that Taxis can meter, but Jitneys have a flat rate, and
that encryption necessary for ecash uses lots of cpu cycles and space to
check for double spending - so even micropayments *must* cost far less to
transact than what is being paid for), but assuming we go that direction:
Any currency in bandwidth would likely be short-lived - you would keep
your reserves in a more standard commodity (or even currency) exchange
certificate, and spend those - one assumes that currency/commodity
e-changes would be common and run by arbitrageurs who will send you real
cash or commodities or warehouse receipts if you really want them.
You would dial one of several access companies and insert e-coin.  These
e-coins would be aggregated, so that the bandwidth usage would be
calculated, and the e-coins would propogate up as necessary to maintain
bandwidth (and inform your client to cough up more e-coins as you use it)
- the profit comes from extra e-coins not forwarded to the upstream
bandwidth provider.  The extra e-coins would be sent to an interest
bearing account in a tax-free authority, and the records for the locals
will come from a modified random poetry program.  With encryption, they
won't be able to determine packet content, and maybe not even destination. And if they try to do it per packet, 1M packets will be the norm, etc. (Some south american country had a very high telephone tax, so an american
company set up a system where you could dial here, and it would call back
(untaxed) and set up a third call - a proxy phone if you like.  The two
calls originating from the US were cheaper than the one call there - the
country eventually blocked all calls to Nebraska, so the company moved to
a 202 area code - I forget the other details, but you see what will
happen). You cannot make any thing immune from this, but with everyone watching the
central banks, you either have your ecash in commodities, or watch the
foreign exchange markets closely, or have your software agent or broker do
this for you.  Any hint of inflation and everyone will dump the currency
and anything denominated in that currency, so even mild inflation will
become instant hyperinflation.
None of this is directly taxable, but look for a $100/phone line tax if
they really get desparate (and then look for spread-spectrum digital
wireless to replace landlines - those tiny bursts are awfully hard to
track and meter).  The can also try going after the backbone providers,
but then foreign owned satellites would pick up the slack.  You can only
tax something until an untaxed substitute becomes cheaper, and there are
lots of substitutes.
No form of cash is stable since cash is a measure of value, and everything
else it would be exchanged for is changing.  Even gold and silver change
exchange rates.  One of the functions of cash is as a store of value.
Thus it isn't really cash if it is in a wasting asset.
I think you simply wouldn't store value in this form - any currency
threatened with inflation is obtained very close to the point of exchange
and converted back to a stable currency by the merchant ASAP.
One of the ways to avoid large doublespending databases are to create the
ecash notes for this with very short lifetimes, which would work well with
rapidly depreciating assets.  But the only way to avoid lots of CPU cycles
is to issue very large (100Kpacket) notes, but you will lose anything you
don't use in the session.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-02 07:21:15
@_author: Paleo Obsolete Telephone Service 
@_subject: Re: "Telco Terrorism" -- Wired on Baby Bells v. the Net 
My ISP has already tried 128K wireless spread spectrum radio modems, and
they work fairly well.
If the Telcos move to raise rates, the internet will cease using the Telco
system.  And then some telephone interface company will create an internet
to POTS (Paleo Obsolete Telephone Service) interface.
The problem as it was explained to me is the aggregation factor (I don't
remember all the details so the following information is from my bad
memory).  Back when, someone decided that 8 lines could be grouped, and 8
groups would form a trunk (or at some level), so any of 64 stations could
make 8 (or 16) phone calls simultaneously into the central office.  Really
bad things happen when the 8 people are on for several hours and a 9th
attempts to use it.  To the point where you can't get a dialtone.  And
redial.  Which uses more CO resources.  Which causes more people not to
get a quick dialtone.  Which causes them to redial too...  And then it
melts down.  (The time it takes to get dialtone is apparently a measure of
load on the system).
Telcos are like modern Banks - they are based on fractional reserve
bandwidth.  When everyone tries to use their share at the same time, you
have the equivalent of a run on a bank.
Didn't Adam Back suggest bandwidth based financial derivatives...
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:18:42
@_author: Right? 
@_subject: Re: anti-spam law implies laws against remailers? 
I suppose you could sue a local office or copier services place if I sent
one "unsolicited commercial fax" using their equipment, but it would be
Most of the spam I get has thousands of other recipients, and none of it
has ever gone through a remailer, and always points to a "spam-friendly" ISP, or often already has their account cancelled by the time I report it. If we could get AGIS (the last of the large bandwidth suppliers) to pull
the plug on the IEMMC sites - I already have many spams from their members
violating their code - most spam would disappear.  It also seems that AGIS
is getting a bad reputation, but I don't know how many sites are leaving
or joining, but if they don't have interesting content, and don't pull the
plug on the IEMMC, adjustments to enough routing tables will accomplish
the same thing.
If we can stop the bulk spammers, things would quiet down.  The problem is
to stop the smokestack belching smoke without preventing me from using a
torch in my back-yard at night.
If remailers don't automatically do anonymous mailings to a 10,000 entry
Bcc: list, they would only be able to spam a few hundred people at a time
even using remailers.
Generally that isn't enough to be worth the time since only a tiny
fraction of a percentage will respond to generic requests.  If you can
only do 500, it would then pay to get a narrower list, or even personalize
things, and I might actually read something that interests me.  No one
considers announcements for cryptographic technology products on this list
as "SPAM".
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-09 01:21:02
@_author: was Re: bulk postage fine 
@_subject: Re: anti-spam law implies laws against remailers? (was Re: bulk postage fine) 
I think you never answered the fundamental question:
But to what advantage is it for *ME* to use hashcash?
Saying that it is neat, patriotic, pious, or any other adjective won't get
my anonymous mail through any faster unless you can create a cartel of
remailers that expidite hashcashed mail, or use some type of new remailer
that others don't have and build hashcash into the distribution. You still have the problem that a large organization can buy large
computers just to do hashcash - look for networkable hashcash generators
if it becomes popular.
If it doesn't solve an immediate problem, it is similar to advocating
solar energy when it is more expensive and/or cumbersome than fossil
fuels.  If/when enough remailers are clogged, hashcash is likely to be
adopted, but it is difficult to sell something when others offer the same
thing for free.
Having interesting content draws interest, and proposing a method is far
from doing a prototype (questions like "are newsgroups stored long
enough?" and "will the cgi script work properly?" are only answered by
a working implementation, and a few of the eternity servers I tried
returned nothing from the links, but are probably fixed).
The legal problems still need to be resolved.  As long as no copyrighted
material appears I think things will be fine, but when MSwhatever appears,
someone is going to say the eternity server is like an illegal cable
descrambler or make up something very similar to ban them since they
aren't merely forwarding the content from alt.anonymous.messages - if
encryption is an envelope, the eternity server opens it.
Otherwise, you could simply post the plaintext to an alt group.  If that
doesn't happen now (why?), then adding an encryptor and decryptor isn't
going to change it, otherwise simply post the encrypted text, and the
passphrase in the same message, or the encrypted text, the secret key,
etc.  Except that the URL interface makes access more convienient.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-12 00:15:42
@_author: was Re: fyi, pgp source now available , internationally 
@_subject: Re: Comments on PGP5.0 OCR (was Re: fyi, pgp source now available , internationally) 
Or just put everything through GNU indent and publish the .indent.pro
file, so that after whatever is scanned in, all the .c and .h files will
automagically be fixed.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-12 03:16:33
@_author: PGP License file 
@_subject: Re: Can't touch this, ugly Americans! (PGP License file) 
Or what do you do about bugs?  It mentions corrections, but not who to
send them to.
On DEC Alpha/axp under Linux, include/pgpUsuals.h has a test for a big
ULONG_MAX that defines HAVE64 as 1 on 64 bit machines like the alpha
But the very next test has  HAVE64 where there is a typedef for
word64, which won't happen.  But if HAVE64 is 1, in pgpMD5.c it will
really want word64 defined or it will bomb. Something is wrong, but if I copy the typedef, it seems to get further
(compiling as we speak - the old UDBs aren't the fastest alphas).
Now, where should I send this information or the patch?
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-12 03:32:35
@_author: was Re: fyi, pgp source now available , internationally 
@_subject: Re: Comments on PGP5.0 OCR (was Re: fyi, pgp source now available , internationally) 
It is about that girth, although I only have the first 5 volumes.  They
should have hand-huffman-coded the source :).
Not quite.  If you read closely, the EAR says something about reserving
judgment on OCR publications.  You didn't use a specific OCR font, but you
did put all kinds of other OCR helps in, which should by itself cloud the
issue.  It would be nice if it was resolved.
Or if PGP came out with the "PGP crypto source quarterly", now that I have
munge and unmunge :).
You would normally bury a lot of ECC within the bar codes, so that unless
the dog would eat the page, it would be able to reconstruct the whole, or
even take the "munge" images and barcode those lines.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-13 02:09:51
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Encrypting same data with many keys... 
The only thing I can think of is if you use something like CFB mode, and
the IV is also the same at the beginning, the first 8 bytes will leave a
hole - I don't remember exactly, but I was burned by exactly this when I
saw 8 bytes of plaintext after resetting the IV in an app that xors some
encrypted blocks of data to do something else.
A PK to encode the conventional key works better since you can do a long
or complex conventional key and other material such as an IV once, and
then bury that several times.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-13 23:58:25
@_author: legal voters in the states which planned to withdraw 
@_subject: Re: A peculiar notion 
Someone should tell the U.K. - I don't remember "A plebecite among all
members of a political collective is necessary to sever a single member" as being one of the self-evident truths in the Declaration of
Independence.  After all, the parliment said they really did represent the
colonies, so their votes count, and anything that happened in Philadelphia
should have no legal force.
Jefferson suggested a new convention every 20 years with the argument that
you cannot morally bind a new generation to an old structure - they
probably would not change it much, but personal assent gives moral
authority.  Even the abolitionists considered it tyranny when the
constitution gave legal force to the fugitive slave laws.
What do you do when a piece of paper is used to justify continuing
usurpations - and that same paper created the body of an earlier document
which was the spirit of liberty and declared the ephemeral English law and
its executive no longer in force because of such usurpations?  When the
spirit leaves a body, that body is called a corpse.  And the Constitution
is a dead letter if the spirit of the Declaration is missing.  When legal
authorities crawl over it looking for loopholes to impose more federal
power, it is not merely dead, but an undead vampire seeking to devour the
spirit of liberty.  The constitution, and the law in general is alive and
in robust health only when it is acting to preserve and increase liberty.
It would have been interesting to see what would have happened if someone
actually put the issue of secession to a vote - many northerners wanted
the south to leave.  But the chances of Lincoln and the Congress calling
such a vote were less than that of King George III calling a similar vote
on our earlier situation. Eventually every state ratified the constitution, though they had to
threaten Rhode Island.  It would have been more interesting if a few the
larger states didn't ratify and held out after the "required" number were
If the southern states "didn't do it right", what is the right way to
seceed from the united states?  And can it be done when the leadership is
acting as tyrants?
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-13 23:53:57
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Encrypting same data with many keys... 
PGP uses and E of 17 by default, but it would be a problem except that
there is a specification for random padding, so it *NEVER* encrypts
identical plaintext.  It always uses a number just a few bits shorter than N, starting with 0x02, then nonzero random bytes, then a zero byte, and
finally the message bytes you want to encrypt.
There was a man-in-the-middle or replay attack with SSL that they changed
the spec of the padding slightly (8 bytes before the zero byte must be
0x03), I think this is because you might be able to quickly find a random
cyphertext that decrypts to having a zero byte followed by something
useful as key material, but haven't read the details. --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-14 05:36:30
@_author: even RSA 
@_subject: Re: Encrypting same data with many keys... 
The location does not matter.  The standard RSA libs place the padding at
the front - it is one of those PKCS specifications.
You would simply need to break the conventional key down to a few bytes
smaller than the modulus size, so each would be padded with a few random
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-15 05:12:19
@_author: I think 
@_subject: Re: Encrypting same data with many keys... 
If there were random padding, I don't think it would increase the
security.  PGP uses one conventional key and multiple PK encryptions of
it, with different padding (I think).  Then you only have one message to
send out, i.e. pk1,pk2...pkn,convenc instead of pk1,cenc1 pk2,cenc2...
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-16 02:08:16
@_author: spelling? 
@_subject: Re: Cartel Leaders Set Snipers To Work In Border War 
Or, if our government actually got smart, they could offer a bounty on the
Mexican drug lords.  There are a lot more poor people in mexico.  A
Mequilladora (spelling?) to export drug policy?  I think if they offered
to make Tijuiana a protectorate and infuse a billion or two in cash after
the last drug lord was eliminated the border problems would cease.
If you wanted to use individual bounties, the problem is proving that you
were the one who killed the target.  Snipers usually can't wait around to
collect the scalp (Encrypted VCR through the viewfinder maybe?).
I think that Harry Browne suggested this more economic approach to
terrorists in his book and campaign last year.
But the US doesn't consider this "fair".  They would rather send our
military in as they did in Haiti and Panama, have lots of people on both
sides killed, and bring them back for a show trial, or battle to a
stalemate like with Iraq and Somalia.
But instead, they are going to raid the homes of more people who install
central air conditioning so their electric bills go up, which is reported
to the police who cannot concieve of anything except a basement full of
grow-lites over marijuana plants as using any electricity.
10 years from now they will still probably be paying informants in person
with $20 bills with consecutive serial numbers, but only if they insist on
not getting a check or direct deposit :).  Where is BCCI when you need it.
New BCCI - Bits of Credit and Commerce on the Internet.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-19 04:23:33
@_author: Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM 
@_subject: Re: Picketing With Packets 
Actually, two procmail lines manage to move 60-80% of my junkmail to a
folder reserved for just that where I keep track.
The first line is in the header: "X-Advertisement: For removal information
...   or whatever (remove the trailing period if it has one. And the second is the Email Blaster advertising banner and fax number in
the body.
And there was DynaMail which also had a fixed advertisement, but I only
got one of those.  And I have a lot more specific filters by processing
the "domains registered to spammers" lists.
Need I say that I am on the IEMMC removal list, or should be - for a long
while they kept rejecting my tokens until I set up an agent which would
keep submitting the form, and forward the mailed token properly.  Then
(after a few hundred) they kept saying it was in the middle of being
And the X-ad recipie is still finding mail to junk.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-19 04:25:19
@_author: not just the latest 
@_subject: Re: Picketing With Packets 
There are two lists, or more properly one list - the remove list.  The
"ON" list is whatever cyberbomber or emailblaster, etc. generates.
They are supposed to run the outbound mail through the remove list filter.
And take action against anyone who doesn't.
All returned numbers give the same effect.  One day that changed from "The
token you entered was invalid, try again or restart with your name" to
"That user id removal is already in progress - please try again in 24
hours". --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-24 00:18:49
@_author: given the earlier posts about terawatts 
@_subject: Re: Mathematics > NSA + GCHQ 
This also applies to the substantial computer resources and technology as
Something on TLC got me thinking about this even before I read this
message.  The NSA has a problem in that, except maybe for quantum
cryptography, they no longer have an advantage of kind, merely of degree,
and the market is narrowing that gap daily.  Before, only they had the
resources to do something like the machine NCR built to crack enigma
messages, and could build many one-of-a-kind machines to do individual
cracking.  They still can, but it isn't efficient to do so today.  They
can build 1000 custom ASICs, but they will be more expensive than 10,000
off-the-shelf CPU chips - they can't do engineering any better or cheaper
than Intel or DEC, and they don't have millions of customers to spread the
fixed costs over.
When a camcorder is more complex than most weapons systems, but is
available at the local mall, and when I can buy SMP servers from an 800
number, I have the same thing the NSA has, only smaller.  But the NSA is
still a finite size (given the earlier posts about terawatts), and I can
link my computer with thousands or millions of others.
DEScrack was only done on a relatively few computers.  If a really big
prize was offered (In this lotto, you just run this screen saver which
uses less bandwidth than pointcast... The chinese radio lottery via the
internet), you could get almost every computer into the act.  As
technology goes forward, any advantage of largess will be overcome by
greater numbers of small systems - at some point the large college
campuses will have more cpu cycles than the NSA because students bring the
latest technology with them.  Unless the NSA is radically different, the
concept of putting a SMP system on everyone's desk (upgrading it every few
years) and linking them isn't going to go over as well as getting 100 new
cray supercomputers. --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-26 04:31:45
@_author: so cypherpunks and other lists would have a key 
@_subject: Re: Spam-killing PGP5/ecash postage plugin Was Re: Remailer    chaining  plugin for Eudora 
Another thought:  Simply have everyone automatically start signing (or
encrypting) the mail they send.  Then if something is signed by someone on
my main public key ring (so cypherpunks and other lists would have a key),
I let it through. If it is encrypted to me, I let it through (requiring
cpu cycles similar to hashcash).  Otherwise, it goes to the junkmail
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-26 05:08:33
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Why Not to use PGP 5.0 
It sounds like a collection of gripes, some apply to the unix, but if that
works, it talks about the windows or mac version.
Some thoughts:
1-5 The scanned source generates RSA keys.  The old version generates RSA
keys so keep it around.
8-10 - then I am currently doing the impossible...  If they released it as
a "non-beta", the gripe would be that they should have kept it beta until
the very last problem is fixed. 11 - I linked with rsaref on both an intel and alpha linux.  Lazyness or
stupidity on the part of the user is not a problem with PGP.  And where do
you get a commercial unix version of 2.6.2?  Or even the freeware - if
they aren't going to bother with RSAref with 5.0, they won't with 2.6.
And with RSAref properly configured, RSA keysize is limited.
12 - I found one problem with the alpha, and it was trivial to fix.
25 - /dev/random or other generation methods.  I notice that pgpv hangs if
there is no randseed.bin until I hit a few keys (it needs to be
generator, why do your own?
26 - There is no problem with DH the way PGP is using it.  There are also
attacks against RSA, which PGP tries to avoid.  If you have found a real
problem, identify it, otherwise you can worry as much about RSA as DH
Also, it will accept RSA/SHA1, but won't generate them because - horrors -
that would not be compatible with the older versions and there would be
more gripes because of that. 28 - they have -c in the unix version.  It only does 2.6 compatible
16 - They don't document the hkp, but it seems to be just the response to
the form of a standard keyserver, so my http style scripts work.  All
keyservers still used that wierd port number, so everyone had to enable it
in their firewalls. Some comments with merit:
Keyservers - if pgp.com has a working one for 5.0, they should propogate
the source. Options - There are entries to change the conventional cipher and hash,
but these are ignored.  pgpv accepts all, but pgpe cannot generate all,
but many of these are to be "standard" or backward compatible, and that
would cause more gripes.  And if an option was not fully tested, or
available in all versions, it would be good for another gripe point. But the source is available.  If you don't like something, then fix it
instead of complaining.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-08-26 23:34:53
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Forbes article on Financial Cryptography is coming 
If that is the case, he better hurry.  "the government" will be obsoleted
in about a decade :).  On the other hand, he probably has been more
persistent in the US than anyone else in hurrying this process of planned
Marx's dialectic said the government would disappear after everything was
Cypherpunk's dialectic says the government will disappear after technology
leaves it behind as an old relic of a barbaric past next to the divine
right of kings.
If there is a serpent in the new garden, it is that then we *MUST* govern
ourselves - personally, and individually, and I don't know how many are
capable of living virtuously.  But at least the virtuous won't be taxed to
subsidize the vicious.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-02 08:20:14
@_author: 9/1 
@_subject: Insight magazine - 8/25/97 and 9/1/97 cryptobits 
Arnaud DeBorchgrave had an editorial as the final word saying that there
should be laws against cypherlaundering in the 8/25 insight (the one with
the article on squalene being found in the gulf-war veterans).
In the current (9/1) issue, apparently someone at commerce left with a few
boxes with classified material including some documents saying which
commercial encryption products the NSA could or could not break.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-09 06:31:38
@_author: Part II 
@_subject: Re: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part II), was Democracy is the true enemy... 
I don't think it is so much of the franchise as to the problem of whoever
the enfranchised are voting themselves largess at the public trough (also
noting how few of the franchised actually exercise the right today).  If
no one would consider voting for subsidies, the country is safe.  As soon
as the first subsidy is passed, a mob will form to lobby for a similar one
to benefit them.  This will occur even if the enfranchised group is small
- absolute power corrupts absolutely, even when it is every citizen who
can wield it, or an oligarchy.
Moreover, property ownership does not make for any better selection except
that it is probable that one of your ancestors had to acquire wealth.
Then the property owners simply vote to prevent transfer of property or
some other means of freezing the franchise, and can still cause all the
problems of tyranny.
It would be preferable that everyone wanting to vote have to pass a test
which had as a major component the fate of all democracies that use
majority power to destroy minority rights and to vote themselves
subsidies.  At this point, the democratic right to commit societial
suicide at least becomes an informed decision.
Democracy is as tyrannical as any other system if rights aren't respected.
In those cases where limited government might have to make a decision
concerning all, and there is time to debate the issue, democracy (either
representative or direct) is the most just method.
You should finish the story (or is there a Part III coming out)...
Democracies bankrupt themselves because this voting of largess eventually
turns into a pyramid scheme that collapses when there is no one left
creating wealth, only those trying to redistribute it.  After wealth can
no longer be distributed, the attempt is made to transfer more power to
government (because they can't believe that the reason for the problem is
their own greed - it must be the Jews, Corporations, Immigrants, Right
Wing Radicals, Gold Hoarders - pick your favorite group). And we end up back with a tyranny - from a totalitarian democracy, to a
dictatorship when everything breaks down.
All it will take is one stock market crash (read: correction that restores
dividend yields and price-to-book values to historic normalcy) - and the
following recession to bankrupt the pay-as-you-go government (watch for
20%+ interest rates on government securities during a deflation!).  The
unemployed riot demanding something other than scrip and seinors refuse to
pay taxes unless their social security is in cash - volia, we have
marshall law.  Remember what Roosevelt got away with before the current
method of expressing displeasure - burning your city to the ground -
became popular.
Probably before the congress is through investigating the campaign
irregularities in the 1996 elections.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-09 07:19:27
@_author: Part II 
@_subject: Re: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part II), was Democracy is the true enemy... 
After the current elections, we ended up with a more complex tax code, a
new entitlement, more budget sophistry, increased spending, less
soverignity, etc.
Assuming a 50 member difference in the house either way (and a similar
proportion in the Senate, or Beltway Bob instead of Beltway Bill), would
any of these things be substantially different?
And those that expended effort in things like ballot initiatives only saw
them overturned by the courts.
I can expend all the effort I want, but nothing will change.  Most people
have figured this out and don't bother voting.  The ones who do vote
simply vote for the one who promises them the most visible subsidy since
for little effort, they might get a benefit.
The corruption derives exclusively from the ability of government to
redistribute wealth.  As soon as it does this to any degree, the logical
thing to expend effort on is getting a greater share of the transfer.
If I vote to deny myself, everyone else gets the benefit.
You might disagree with the results, but I think greed, sloth, and
corruption are perfectly representative of those who vote - democracy
still works in that way.
David Freedman described this perfectly (my paraphrase from memory):
100 people sit around the table with 100 pennies each.  Someone starts
with the first and takes a single penny from each and dumps 50 back at the
first person.  This process is repeated for each person.  Everyone ends up
with half the wealth, but are happy because the 50 cents in bulk is easier
to spot than the single pennies being removed.
Except for Harry Browne who asked would you give up your favorite subsidy
if it meant you never had to pay taxes again, the tax cuts are separated
from the subsidies.  If the recipient lobbys for the subsidy, he gets
$500, but if I get it cut, I may save $0.50.  A few beneficiaries will do
whatever it takes because it is many times more important to them to have
the subsidy than the millions who would have to pay more for postage or
the phone call to oppose it than they do in taxes for that one program. You learn that it costs far more to prevent spending than to lobby for
your own share.  It is not a problem with politics, but with any system
that has concentrated benefits but dispersed costs.
[and that is why the internet is such a threat to our current way of doing
things - it disperses everything making it impossible to concentrate
benefits - routing around political subsidies as it does everything else.]
With tax rates going up (a concentrated cost), the money is coming from
the unborn generations who will have to pay back the principle on the long
term debt.  They don't vote - and when they do it will be too late to do
anything about it - which may be now. But then the question is whether democracy (which needs more definition) is the best system to compensate for the flaws.  For example: Markets turn
selfishness to utility.  What virtue is promoted or vice limited or
converted by democracy per se?
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-10 23:21:28
@_author: Part II 
@_subject: Re: Removing Tyranny from Democracy (Part II), (fwd) 
You asked what are the top three flaws in democracy, not if they could be
remediated, or what those remediations might be.  If your aim is the best
form, then it might be a mixture of different forms with separation of
powers.  But then you are defending the mix, not the component.
When you say "Not in this democracy", are you defending the form because
it has a democratic component and because it is limited (since I don't
think you aren't argumenting that this component should be expanded), or
because you are using the word "democracy" in the broader sense to
describe the mixture? The problem is that they do.  Otherwise where does the support for
"progressive" taxation come from?  The 51% vote to tax (confiscate the
property of) the 49%.  The "middle class" majority votes itself
entitlements at the expense of both the poor and the rich.  Social
Security taxes the working poor to subsidize the healthcare of elderly
regardless of assets or income.  These did not come from courts, or
executive orders.
This is not a mere implemetation problem.  If you have any democratic
component, it will eventually infect all levels - the legislature will
withold funds, the executive will proclaim a crisis, elected judges will
declare what they were elected to declare, and in most systems the elected
branches appoint the nonelected branches - pack the presidency and the
senate and you have packed the supreme court.
Or consider the ammendment on Prohibition.
When 51% of the people fear government and refuse on principle to vote it
any more power, we are safe.  When 51% of the people can be bribed with
the wealth of even 1%, we are lost.  So democracies require virtue from
the people that will deny themselves the short term benefits of
transferring power.  Another implementation problem?  If we were all
saints, we would not need any government.
The moment the people think the government is the servant it will become
the master because they will slowly but eventually vote it totalitarian
powers.  Back at the 16th ammendment, the income tax was only going to be 2% on the
superrich.  Or look at what the "Four Horseman" are doing in today's
"Concede the principle of limiting government - just in this one little
area - and we will make everything better - all you have to do is vote". --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-13 03:10:36
@_author: maybe with your cooperation 
@_subject: Re: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
Because of the infinitely recursive controls necessary to implement
liberal policy. Example: farm subsidies.
We must set a limit on the number of farmers and what they can produce.
Farmers keep records.  We need GAK to insure the farmers (or their buyers,
etc) can't cheat and grow and sell more grain than their quota.  They pass
laws on farmers, then the wholesalers, then the grocery stores, and
finally need to track your purchases (to prevent you from going to a
roadside market).
Example: Government paid-for health care
Your patient records should be confidential, but the government might
require a physical to pay for an office visit, or say one is redundant, so
they must be able to see what you are being treated for.  Your doctor
(maybe with your cooperation) may be attempting to defraud the system.
Liberalism (or socialism and faschism to avoid confusion) is the use of
government force to obtain economic ends.  When a freely done trade
becomes a crime, they need enforcement powers to track down criminals.
Even in the milder form where they simply tax everyone into poverty and
then give subsidies to make those they choose rich, they need enforcement
powers to prevent people from avoiding the government imposed poverty.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-14 04:24:49
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: In Defense of Libertarianism, from HotWired's Synapse (fwd) 
Not that everything was wonderful under the Articles of Confederation.
For example states considered it their right to issue paper currency to
pay you, but demand specie when you paid them.  13 little tyrannies
wouldn't provide liberty, nor would it be likely that large states would
not annex the smaller states.  Some states had bills of rights in their
constitutions, and every state might have had them for a while had the
union not come to pass.  But my point is that decentralization does not
insure liberty - many eastern european countries were smaller than US
states but less free.
The Federalists tried, and to a fair extent succeeded in forming a
centralized power that didn't see its first mission as being to grab more
power.  It got around to it after a while, but it prevented the states
from doing it since you now had the federal government warring with the
states in a separation of powers just as necessary as between the
branches of government.
Even your car comes with maintainence instructions.  You need to refill
the gas tank, keep the tires in balance and at the right pressure and
change the oil.  Omit these things and eventually the car has problems.
You can condem the engineers for not producing a maintence free car, but
you wouldn't be able to afford one even if it were possible.
The founders could not create a maintainence free republic, but we have
forgotten that each generation must relearn the lessons first laid down in
the 1770's (yes - in The Declaration which listed the usurpations and the
toll in lives and treasure).  And rights reserved to the states or the
people is part of that lost lesson.
The soviet union kept their dead preserved in a shrine.  We have a similar
monument holding the Declaration, Constitution, and Bill of Rights.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-15 23:17:07
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) IRS Modernization 
Where are Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility when you need
them :).
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-15 23:40:54
@_author: paraphrased 
@_subject: Re: A Reality Check & the Full Citizenship Campaign 
Worse, they voted for Hitler (who by the way stopped the "Taxi Murders"),
and the legislature voted him emergency powers.  The NAZIs did everything
by a stricty legal process.
The principle was clear but overridden by pragmatism.  From life is sacred
(or inviolable if you don't like religous connotations) to life not worthy
of life.
There were those speaking for principle then, as now, but the divisive
politics said not to listen to them because a government can provide
Utopia if you will just provide them the power.
Faschism is more dangerous than socialism, since it keeps some kind of
ownership in private hands, but has all the controls - consider Hillary's
healthcare plan - doctors and hospitals would still be privately owned.
PGP and RSA will still own the intellectual property under GAK.
I saw a very ironic session on C-SPAN with the Congressional Black Caucus
sponsoring lecturers on victims of police violence.  A few times the crime
of "Driving while Black" was mentioned.  They mentioned this will get
worse as the states move to primary enforcement of seatbelts, but forgot
to mention that the administration is pushing the initiative (they needed
something since 55 was repealed).  Also mentioned was the war on drugs and
a few of the other invasive federal programs.
My question is why the minorities vote to give police arbitrary powers (or
withold funds from the state if they don't), and expect that the police
won't act arbitrarily and mostly against minorities.
Another thing I heard was the move to ban small, inexpensive handguns. The type mainly bought by women to protect themselves.  I think it was
something brought forward by Feinstein. --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-15 23:56:21
@_author: making GAK economically impossible 
@_subject: The great GAK crack (making GAK economically impossible) 
If I have to GAK my keys, and there then exists a pgp-gak, then we simply
recruit the same CPU power that generated the millions of DES keys to just
run pgpk-gak with the shortest keylength and send billions of keys to the
GAKserver each week.  Many from out of the US if pgp-gak becomes available
My test software uses a loop that generates a new pair every few seconds
on a pentium (and found some very obscure bugs).  I would be required to
send all those to the gak.gov.  If they really want them...
What it probably means is the govenrment will issue keys or have to
license people to create them.

@_date: 1997-09-16 00:46:22
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional  rights 
I can think of many examples of very bad code that is difficult to use but
is very popular, an obvious one is that Apple wrote better code than MS.
Even most sheeple rely on whatever is built in to MSWord or Excel than on
PGP, so on that basis there is *NO* existing example of such code.
So, not only do cypherpunks have to write code, it has to be better
quality than Apple, with more marketing push than Microsoft.  And it must
do something useful so they also have to invent a new application that
would justify using the crypto it contains. All while they do something else to pay for things like food and heat. At this point it is easier to write laws.

@_date: 1997-09-17 06:51:52
@_author: making GAK economically impossible 
@_subject: Re: The great GAK crack (making GAK economically impossible) 
None specifically in PGP 5.0 or 2.6.2 itself, but I did find the
limitation of 13 bits on compression, that the MPI encoding would not
accept integers with leading zero bytes, but would with leading zero bits
(this was one obscure bug since I had to randomly generate a value much
less than the modulus), and the fact that an ElGamal key value causes
segfaults. I was implementing a library and found where my code and real
PGP didn't get along.  Some combinations aren't generated by PGP, and some
aren't accepted. --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-22 11:41:17
@_author: which encompasses the issues around cryptography 
@_subject: Re: politics aren't all or nothing 
Let me agree and go further.
I believe in liberty (which encompasses the issues around cryptography) because I believe in human dignity.  But that also forces me to believe in
the right to life - Jefferson listed it before liberty in the declaration,
and if you don't have any other reason to agree, just note that dead
people don't have any use for liberty.  People are deprived of property
before liberty, and liberty before life in any system that I would
consider just.  But then I think about what is liberty and justice and
good and evil instead of demonizing whoever is doing something I don't
happen to like at the moment.
I don't defend any of those evils that would be made easier by the
presence of crypto, nor those who would destroy liberty to save it, on
either side of the debate.  You don't destroy something you consider
precious.  I condemn anyone who takes innocent life - be it the FBI at
Waco or McVeigh at OKC.  It is the act that is evil, and the intent or
negligence of the actor that makes it so, not which political side the
actor is on.
If crypto is banned in the US, there will still be some country where it
is legal - you might not like the economy or the climate, but you would
still have crypto and various other liberties.  The generations preceeding
our founders moved here because they didn't have liberty in their
homeland.  The life was harder, but they considered some specific freedoms
more important than the attraction of business in cities.
Even our Declaration of Independence doesn't call for the assasination of
anyone in Parliment or King George (and there were terrorist plots in
english history to do exactly this), but merely separation - in one sense
merely restoring the separation which was the reason their ancestors came
to the new world.
There was another revolution shortly after ours, in France.  But was
France better after the revolution during the reign of terror or during
the reign of Louis? A Savoyard who lived through the French Revolution, Joseph de Maistre,
   "And you, mad philosophes . . . apostles of tolerance and humanity; you
. . . who extol the progress of intelligence and reason: Leave your tombs. Walk among the many corpses . . . Your writings are in the pockets of the
tyrants . . . In the name of virtue the most horrible thievery is
committed; in the name of humanity two million men perish; in the name of
liberty a thousand Bastilles are built . . . They left you only a moment,
Diderot, to sign the order for mass drownings."
I have been disturbed about the increasing tone of violence of the various
posts.  Didn't like what happened at Waco?  Then lets be the very
terrorists of the four cypher horsemen and kill even more children.  Don't
like voluntary ratings?  Then suggest posting kiddie porn and labeling it
as G rated.
Maybe China will nuke most of California - it may be an accident at their
new port.  Or one of the cults will release a biological agent.  Or even a
severe earthquake.  Should I shed a tear then? Even the French philosophers taught tolerance and humanity and would have
abhored the results.  Since even the intent is now bloodlust, first for
Reno and Freeh, then for everyone in the vacinity of Washington DC, then
for anyone who ever worked for the Feds... then for the liberals who
supported civil but not economic rights, and then the conservatives who
supported economic but not civil rights.  Don't work on better ciphers,
see if you can design a faster guillotine. And where does it stop?  When all the cities are burning?  When the people
who don't understand technology or how you have their liberty in mind get
guns and kill anyone they see?  When everything breaks down and you are
starving or dying of a disease you need technology to treat?  When all the
plants making the chips and fiber used for the internet are destroyed?
How many incinerated corpses will you need at your hands and those of your
diciples before you are satisfied that liberty is finally restored?  And
then will you worry about restoring other fundamental rights such as life? And if you care nothing for life, why should you expect anyone to respect
liberty? Starting a revolution might not be easy, but controlling it is harder and
ending it can be impossible.  And our economy and technology depends on
integration and cooperation to a much higher degree than at any other
time.  I may be able to be an individual on the internet, but I cannot
build a computer starting with sand, copper and steel.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-24 02:12:31
@_author: and about 
@_subject: Re: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
Were I to maliciously spread a rumor, and you got fired, or suffered
economic loss because of my gossip, you could sue me.
True, but there is also a large body of law that is civil instead of
criminal.  While we are on social policy, police also enforce
environmental laws which take property and affirmative action which
violate all kinds of freedom of association.
I can be damaged by information - which may be either wrong or out of
context.  Should I have no right to recover or correct such things?  If no
one had the right to the information in the first place (is personal
information part of my personal property?), do I have any rights if it is
both true and damaging (e.g. a felon with an expunged conviction - they
can legally answer "no" if asked if ever convicted of a felony, but the
historical record may show something different).
When we talk about reputation capital, it becomes something that can be
vandalized or stolen.  Were any other form of capital stolen or
vandalized, I could go for damages.
And the converse, just because there is no law (or in the VPs words: "no
controlling legal authority") does not mean it is not a wrong.
virtue destroys vice, and truth destroys error.  What there is no solution
for is ignorance and apathy, and laws will neither inform people or get
them to take action.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-24 23:39:52
@_author: or about 
@_subject: Re: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
Truth was not mentioned specifically.  Gossip is rarely true after the
first few iterations.  You are correct that if the gossip can be proven
true that the position is defensible (but I would have to check some legal
references if it is absolute).
Technically, I am arguing for property rights in reputation.  Patent and
copyright are already recognized property rights in information.
As far as recovering information, I may have no right, but if I contract
with my doctor or lawyer, he has a duty to protect my records.  Perhaps I
could not sue you, but I could sue the people who released the information
to you, and those who had a duty to protect those records.
The "raw" FBI files Livingstone got are an example - they contain lots of
unverified rumor and gossip and could be used to damage the people they
are about.  Did Livingstone do anything wrong, and would there be a
problem posting such information on the internet?
How about personal information such as credit card or social security
numbers or even tax records - you are saying if I can get them, I should
be able to publish them. And who determines "truthful"?  This gets back into the ratings scheme.
Movie critics would be in trouble if you leave this caveat in.
Then on the same basis, are copyright laws.  If I can get a copy of MS
Office, should I be able to publish that?  Copyright does not directly
prevent me from obtaining the information, but it does prevent others from
publishing the information without my permission.  Even cracking a copy
protection scheme does not entitle me to publish the now unprotected
information freely.
I would simply argue that some personal information is functionally
copyrighted by that person without going through the formality (if I
remember right the Berne convention says something is still protected even
if no formal steps have been taken).  Some personal information can be
made public domain - who I appear in public with, what I wear in public,
what I post here, etc. but lots cannot be obtained without commiting some
form of trespass or theft.  You are effectively saying that if you get
something that was stolen, you still should be able to own it (and if you
publish it, have a copyright and own that same information).
If you are arguing that there should be no legal protection for
information of any sort (including patent or copyright) I think you have a
point.  We then would have an equal opportunity for information piracy.

@_date: 1997-09-28 01:21:11
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: Why the White amendment is a good idea (fwd) 
I think you are among the most vocal when saying that congress has no
clue.  Replace GAK snake-oil with a cryptographic-moonshot snake-oil
proposal (with branch offices in key districts) and it becomes clearer.
Move the superconducting supercollider folks to quantum supercomputing.
If they can believe myths that crime and terrorism will increase
exponentially if strong crypto is made available, they should also believe
that for a few billion, they will be able to crack PGP (sans GAK).  When
it doesn't work, they will demand a few billion more every few years
instead of demanding GAK which will close down their bureaucracy.  They
may say they want to be the GAKers, but then you will have to replace all
the number theory consultants with database consultants.
But they don't tell the FBI everything.
There will be.  Congress finds ways to fund useless projects.
Ssshhhh! someone hear you.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-09-28 02:37:47
@_author: for lack of a better term 
@_subject: Re: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
Maybe they can't distinguish Declan as journalist and Declan as online
debate participant (for lack of a better term).  Since I know of nothing
wrong with your reporting, either in accuracy, or in usefullness your
editors should know this and I would hope they would keep you on. If there is a cardinal virtue for a journalist it is to have active
opinions, but to keep them out when assigned to report facts.  But in
other venues, they should be free to express those opinions.
The original post appeared not to be from Declan in his capacity as a
journalist (he is free to correct me).  I assume that if it was part of
his assignment to ask this, he would have called.
I have seen far worse attacks (literal, not simply asking hard questions)
by other participants here, as well as defenses.  I don't see the CDT
calling their employers or customers and complaining or praising. I too am interested in the answers to the questions.  I don't think
Markey-White is good (I see nothing intrinsically pro-privacy), but I
don't think it is a disaster unless it is simply the first step toward
Oxley or something as bad.  It is controversial, so to label it
pro-privacy or pro-censorship requires at least a defense of the position
- and I have heard Declan's side and tend to agree with him.
And the answers are important.  If the CDT thinks that Markey-White is a
useful compromise (i.e. they value lifting the export ban more than the
problems with the extra rules), they should say so, but that is different
from saying that Markey-White is pro-privacy.

@_date: 1997-09-28 02:36:29
@_author: Adam Back 
@_subject: Re: Exports and criminalizing crypto 
At some point it isn't hindered.  But the process is complex since if the
export can be traced, the exporter can be harrassed.  How much crypto did
Phil Zimmerman write while he was under investigation? And why didn't a
pgp 5.0 come out from outside of the US since the 2.6.2 base was already
there?  It is in no one's interest to become the victim of a governmental
investigation (even Bernstein sued *before* publishing).  All the free
crypto "leaks" out because of the impossibility of control.  But it is a
hinderance since I can't simply place code on my web page and point
everyone at it.
As to SAFE, whether it will pass and in what form, I can't be sure.  I
also can't be sure that a domestic crypto ban would have been introduced
without SAFE being there (though I suspect the FBI already had something
- there was no anti-CALEA bill before CALEA).  As far as interpretations
go, the courts often tend to the bizzare, so I can't be sure what they
would uphold.  Taking the most pessimistic view would have predicted
Bernstein would have lost.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-10-06 22:53:51
@_author: Okay, okay. It's a Friday. Time for me to go home... 
@_subject: Re: The Child Molester Prevention and Effective Sentencing Act 
I remember one of the NET moderators asked why they should use encryption.
What if you want to send a message to your child saying you will be late
after school.  What is to prevent a pedophile from forging such a message?
And if a pedophile intercepts such a message, couldn't he arrive 5 minutes
early saying that "dad changed his plans again and sent me...".
Now, Rep. Tauzin wants to make it illegal to listen in to any "private" radio communication (yes listen, not just repeat), since Gingrich couldn't
have access to encrypted communication and someone listened in on his cell
phone.  One law prevents security from being available, so they think that
a second law will prevent people from listening in.
Repealing a law preventing fences is more effective than adding a
draconian penalty for tresspass. --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-10-09 06:52:32
@_author: was Re: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
@_subject: Re: copyright & privacy (was Re: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames.....) 
Sorry for the delay, but I have been working massive overtime.
Possibly, possibly not.  Declan was arguing that information cannot be
protected.  I was simply pointing out that some is.
I don't think our tax authority will accept them.  I am compelled to
publish all kinds of information about myself (unless I had a few million
dollars to go to court on each individual issue, e.g. here it is illegal
to drive without insurance, but insurers will not underwrite you unless
you give them lots of information).
I can argue for chaumian credentials all I want, but I will be thrown in
jail because people with guns don't accept them.
If you really believe this, you can engage in your own acts of civil
disobedience in your country and see if they will accept your argument.
This is like saying that if you keep one million pounds sterling in a
locked safe in your house on your property, and I can break in and get it,
that it is not stealing - anything not nailed down is unclaimed property?
I am entitled to the contents of your wallet if I can get it?
But extend that now if there was a law banning safes (the authorities
don't like them), and that your assets could not be hidden, so should be
kept someplace visible from the outside, and not otherwise protected.
Under this condition should laws against theft be enforced?
True, but laws can force you to pay damages.  A law attempting to force
restitution for vandalism is equally impossible (you can destroy something
you cannot recreate), but that does not mean vandalism is not a crime, nor
should it be discouraged or go unpunished.
Laws against theft, rape, robbery and murder do not prevent said acts, but
only tend to discourage them.
Agreed, but after my state scraps its demand for insurance and information
before I can legally drive, and when the federal government stops
demanding to see all my personal data (now including medical records).
Also, things might simply go to copy-protection using strong digital
signatures and licensing terms making you responsible for any piracy of
your copy (I know, scrap contract law, common law, etc. and then the
license will simply state that we will send thugs to kill you - since
there is no government - if we see this anywhere it isn't in our opinion
supposed to be - replace government force monopoly with private enforcers
sort of like Chicago in the 1920's).  It is not that things like copyright
and patent won't be enforced, but it might be in a more chaotic and not
necessarily better matter than what the government does.  Or work
technologically restricting the information to an even greater degree (a
DVD will only play to a TV if it sees a anti-piracy DS cert).
My argument is while government can compel me to publish information I do
not want to (i.e. violates my rights), it should simultaneously compel
third parties not to forward such information (limiting the potential
damage from that violation).  Scrap both or neither.
Only arguing for repeal of laws that constrain tyrants as much as citizens
is not arguing for liberty.  In the context of a libertarian society, or
even an anarchical society your arguments make a great deal of sense.  In
the current semi-socialism/faschism prevalent now, the effect is to only
penalize me for any attempt to protect myself.

@_date: 1997-10-14 06:03:20
@_author: ask me, I have real-world tales of this 
@_subject: Re: Attitude and Assumptions 
I would hate to see your *long* rants ...................:^)
I express it as private information is my property and I should have
whatever means necessary to protect it.  And as crypto can be directly
used only as a shield and not a sword, there are no reasonable arguments
against me using it.
This is really unexplored.  I would extend rights in the physical world
into cyberspace.  And you are right [in an elided section] that
corporations or businesses aren't thought of.  Most of the arguments
against intellectual property is toward releasing it where it is free, but
there is an equal or greater threat of charging for the information
without paying royalties.  There are vandals, but there are also thieves.
No, but I don't know if your solutions are real.  Does PGP 5.5 prevent
encrypting non-CAK, then reencrypting CAK to pass through the mailers?
GAK/CAK has lots of technical problems, and I don't know that you have
solved them.  You assume that someone like the boss in the Dilbert cartoon
is going to make this all work (or will they write the corporate
passphrase on their deskpad)?
I tend to be neutral to CAK, except that I can't think of an easy way to
create something that is not snake-oil (i.e. that is easy, doesn't
compromise security if the CAKeepers are dunces, and insures that data
encrypted is accessible by the TTPs).
The windows versions I have seen don't allow me to select algorithms (they
default to CAST, so how do I get 3DES or IDEA), and neither did the Linux
version - the beta segfaulted on at least one combination of algorithms. Are all these little problems fixed?  And if so, you had to modify the
source, so is there a diff file you are going to publish much less a press
release saying what is or is not fixed (I see the part about
batch-friendly, but is that there yet, and how would I use that - you
could put your manuals online). I can't even buy a license for the scanned version which I can at least
fix these problems.  I would pay the $49 for the license to use a working
Linux version.  Maybe you should add a license issuing page to your server
so I can click and get an digitally signed HTML license (with a physical
one to be mailed later if needed). But for now my choice is to take a chance on the $49 downloadable version
(will it be another $49 for a half-fixed version, and another $49 when
the IETF finishes with the spec and 6.0 meets it?).  Does anything happen
differently if it has problems and I report them?
By the way, I can't even download it - your server requires switching to a
port our firewall doesn't let through (9999) which I emailed your
webmaster about three months ago.  There are other common alternate ports
that are allowed.  So I can't even really get the $49 version, I must pay
$79 (or spend an hour creating an IP tunnel to a recognized US DNS-IP
address which is what I did last time - I might do that for the freeware
version but not to purchase something). So I don't know if any of the problems in the freeware or betas are fixed,
and I can't even download it from your website.  Some hostility to the
"Inc." might be from your consumer relations more than your philosophy.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-11-12 00:37:59
@_author: 3? 
@_subject: Re: Privacy Software 
There were only a few obscure points.  Most of it can be determined from
hex dumps of the files produced.  I had public key management before I saw
the source code.  Since I have a version that does not use any PGP source,
but PGP 5.x interoperates fully, I think I can tell precisely what it is
There is that section for CAK in a future expansion note in Vol. 1 of the
source.  There is probably a note in the CP archives I posted eons ago,
long before the 5.5 controversy spawned all the traffic about CAK.  It was
near the new passphrase hash which was one thing I could not figure out
without the source. C is not part of the problem, people who aren't good at abstraction are.
It would look even more horrid in modula-2(3?).  If you have something go
through three layers instead of one, it will be more complicated, for
instance I did something more like:
*hashstart[]() = {md5start,sha1start,ripemd160start};
instead of the layering.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-11-12 00:39:26
@_author: commercial 
@_subject: Re: Source code obfuscation 
Gimpel Software makes C-Shroud (commercial).  They also have a very good
Lint utility.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-11-12 00:47:14
@_author: charity 
@_subject: Re: Will Jews be Forced to Accept Christ in Public Schools? 
I believe in separation of church and state.  The state must get out of
things like education and welfare (charity) and other things that are not
their responsibility.
The mistake was when the courts ruled that prayer could not occur in
public (government) schools.  The very next day, every government school
should have been closed down (this would also have shown the court that it
should be careful with its rulings).  And society would not have
experienced as much decay as it has. --- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-11-19 00:28:15
@_author: and diagram sentences 
@_subject: Re: Will Jews be Forced to Accept Christ in Public Schools? 
The problem is that current government (what everyone usually calls
"public") schools are creating a disinformed electorate.  Most high school
and college students think "From each according to his ability, to each
according to his needs" is in the Constitution.  For the last 30 years,
our free education has degraded to "you get what you pay for".
When we had a public/non-governmental school system (with businessmen
parents on school boards and teachers who viewed their duties as a
vocation instead of just another career) children came out of high school
knowing how to read and write (and diagram sentences), and do mathematics,
and usually several useful arts.  Now they have high self esteem in their
So while education is fundamental to freedom, no where does it say that
government should be the main or only provider of education.  Most other
countries are different since they don't have the same type of church and
state problems (the Church ran the education system for centuries in
some), so simply have subsidized what was there.  In the US, the
Government ensures that no part of religion - including morality and
virtue - can be part of education, so things like diligence in doing
homework are foreign to the system as much as not stabbing your
classmates.  Since it would be judgmental to teach them not to shoot or
stab people, we place metal detectors in schools.
There is also one enlightment era concept implicit in "informed
electorate" I disagree with, and is clear at this point in history.  Many
people would argue that Reason = Virtue, i.e. that all evil comes from
ignorance of some consequence of an act.  Currently, even if I prove that
something won't work because of economic laws, and even show that every
time in the past something bad happened, the answer is usually that we are
smarter (reason), or have better intentions (virtue) this time around. Reason is used to rationalize vice (Because of global warming...), and
Virtue is used to rationalize tyranny (gun bans - nice people have no use
for them - for an obvious example).  Reason without virtue only creates
greater evils, and virtue without reason causes more unintentional harm
than intentional good.
Both are necessary for the electorate in a democracy, and our supreme
court says we cannot teach virtue in public school, and the educators have
stopped teaching reason.  So the basic right you argue for is to be
viceous and ignorant via government schooling.  Such an electorate will
remain neither free nor democratic for long.

@_date: 1997-11-26 07:25:27
@_author: or encourage other anonymous people to do 
@_subject: Re: The Policeman Inside 
I don't censor myself when I say that some things - especially violence -
are evil, and perhaps even criminal, and don't support the use of
technology to promote them.  I happen to believe this.  Saying that
self-censorship is dishonorable presupposes a belief, even a hypocritical
one, in honor.  When one advocates anarchy, it is hard to compose a
meaningful insult.  When there are no rules, you cannot violate one.
There also has been no attempt to prove that being "governed" by a bunch
of unregulated militias would be better than what we have now.  If anyone
wants to encourage the destruction of our society and culture, they can do
so, but it will result in a new dark age whether it is desired or not -
people aren't going to be designing computers when all the power plants
and telecommunications are cut, and no raw materials can move.  All this
crypto techonology requires an infrastructure - it doesn't work with slide
rules and carrier pidgeons.
There are some very thoughtful people who are defending liberty, and there
are some crazed people who I would fear in proportion to their firepower
since they seem to lack self-control or even intelligence (McVeigh managed
to miss those who I would assume to be his targets - the ATF and FBI
agents).  I don't think it is wise to associate with people who like
violence for the sake of violence with things like ideals being just an
excuse to commit heinous crimes.  I say that I am not part of any such
group, although many would like to lump anyone advocating the reduction of
government power with the rabid-right.
I recognize that the FBI, etc. are becoming like the KGB - something which
I consider to be an evil.  The last thing I want to do is imitiate them by
wishing for the death and injury of innocents in furtherance of my causes
- that is the method of our current government.  While I suggest that
crimes are still crimes when committed by government, others seem to take
government criminality as an excuse to advocate serious crimes on their
part (or encourage other anonymous people to do).
If the response to Waco and Ruby Ridge is to descend to the level of those
in the government who committed the crimes, then there is no moral
difference between any such person and Horiuchi.  They simply aim at a
different set of targets.  Maybe the Cypherpunk-militia can kill more
innocent people than the FBI and ATF.  But would that be a victory?  Is it
a gain to liberty to randomly kill people? I will tell anyone who says "I want to hurt and kill innocent people" that
they are wrong.  If I am fighting for anything, it is for human rights.
And I will challenge anyone who advocates the abridgement of those rights,
even if they happen to agree with my views that cryptography enables the
exercise of those rights.
I believe in the extensive use of crypto because I believe in human
rights, not because it can be used to abridge those rights.  Those who use
crypto to help commit acts of terrorism and those who use it to enslave
citizens are on the same side.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-11-21 15:17:10
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Will Jews be Forced to Accept Christ in Public Schools? 
No, but I am arguing that purely secular *GOVERNMENT* is incapable of
teaching it, or acting as an example - Normally you must know something or
be able to act out something in order to teach it.  Cypherpunks contains a
constant stream of government not even being hypocritical (the compliment
vice pays to virtue) - they simply act viceous.  If it ever gets something
right it is usually voiced as an unintentional consequence.  I can teach
saying Government is an example of what not to do, but Government itself
cannot do the same.  But even without getting religous I can teach virtue
as a positive instead of a series of negatives.
For example, you can teach virtue based on Aristotle, or even Socrates. Or as an objectivist might point out, Ayn Rand.  Although I haven't
attempted to create a curriculum, I have come across many books just in my
economics readings that don't mention God once, but mention various
virtues as such (though not always by that word).  I know someone who is
very far from my Religous beliefs, but otherwise we agree on Libertarian
ideas and the need to instill virtue - he now homeschools his children.
Even my religous view holds that those who don't hold it are exhonerated
or condemned by their own consciences (if properly formed which is a prior
responsibility) [Romans Chapter 1 is the most often cited passage]. Thrift (seeking higher quality at lower prices), Delaying Gratification
(e.g. Save instead of buying on credit), Temperance (we do have a drug
problem and we see how government approaches it), Prudence (ditto with
teenage sex) are all Virtues by natural law, and I could number more and
come up with a list that everyone who believe in the concept of virtue
would recognize.  These truths are accessible via reason alone - if people
would let reason reach the conclusion.
Religion is neither sufficient, nor even necessary to teach virtue, and
often fails to teach it.  But in the past it has tended to recognize
virtue and teach it before purely secular institutions.  The French
Revolution was (false) reason without virtue, and purely secular, and
everyone knows the result.  Our founders, including the Deists and
Unitarians all point out that virtue is necessary for liberty and
demonstrate that from reason. Within those who identify themselves as "The Religous Right", some I agree
with and some I don't, and within both, some positions are consistent and
reasonable, and some are not.  I tend to ask silly questions like my first
response to this thread ("public" school v.s. "government" schools).  If
they accept the authority of the Bible, I can usually win the argument,
but I have taken the time to develop a Libertarian Theology.  I also argue
that they do damage to their own cause by having government try to do
things which they will fail at and both the left and the right don't like
it when I argue for separation of church and state - but say that the
state should get entirely out of things like education and charity
(welfare and healthcare) because it is none of the state's business - the
churches (and other voluntary organizations) are responsible for these
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---

@_date: 1997-12-04 05:52:07
@_author: which aren't properly anarchic 
@_subject: Re: The Policeman Inside 
Of course I can get confused when some cryptoanarchists links the militia
movements (which aren't properly anarchic) with cryptography.
A second point is that it requires an internet social structure that
allows for reputation capital - contracts are enforced technologically
(e.g. you did or not digitally sign something so the truth of a violation is not really subject to argument in an idealized version), but the only
recourse is to spread true negative gossip, which requires recursive
reputation capital - i.e. I must be already known to be truthful and not
petty for someone to believe such gossip, and the target of the gossip
will have to have a history of cheating.
Others can't seem to tolerate the idea that there should be any lights and
we should rely on our ability as drivers to avoid killing each other.
My point with on internet pornography, etc. is that we should avoid such
things out of convention (a red light that is not under surveillence) so
as to avoid the requirement for law. I have more reading to do.
For the moment I can accept your definition, but it doesn't change the
real world:  Even if no one ever watches a junkie shoot up, the needle
containing the HIV virus will still infect him and he will still incur
that punishment.  Good and evil are not like Schrodinger's cat where
observation is necessary to determine the outcome.  The second assumption
is a society where there are bad laws - the system of external rules in
your above description are tyrannical. But to return to the root, I don't think anyone that has said "that it is
not right to advocate nasty things" (e.g. kiddie porn being posted to the
internet) is doing so because of your definition of the policeman inside,
they do so because they think the act is intrinsically wrong.  The only
other reason is that doing so is bad from a propaganda standpoint - most
people will dismiss the most rational argument when it is said by a nasty
person.  They aren't in perpetual fear of punishment.
Or these may not be merely be societal conventions, but trancendent truths
(Natural Law to use the old-fashioned term).  Moreover, it is not a
complex question unless lawyers get involved, or we start making the
definitions fuzzy in some other manner.  Of course definitions of evil
acts presupposes moral judgements, but anything else presupposes
relativism (which in itself is a moral judgement) or worse. This is one of the reasons I get so upset about the state of our
educational system.  If words don't have a solid meaning, or that the
vocabulary is too small to work to express the concepts necessary to
describe things, then the result is a relativism by default since no one
knows what "ownership" or "property" or "theft"  means.  These words have
had fixed meanings in many languages for thousands of years.
There is a lot of semantic confusion, but if semantics doesn't exist, then
every message ever posted disappears into Babel.  Otherwise you have to
use the existing words, moral implications and all.
I only see it as an expansion of the definition.  If I have a true claim
on something, I own it and taking it from me without my consent is theft
by definition; If I am mistaken, then I didn't own it in the first place.
You can also continue this recursively (take - move, remove, destroy,
control...) so you can expand "theft is wrong" into a book.  And this
might be to the benefit of those who don't yet understand the concept of
theft.  But it won't help those who understand and reject that concept.
A serial killer might consider a law against murder as tyrannical, and
thus have a "policeman inside" that prevents him from murdering for the
wrong reasons (instead of having a properly formed conscience), but in
either case the murder is prevented.
The ability to regulate one's self is being wasted on complying with silly
or immoral rules (I filled out the form so give me my government benefits)
rather than on civility. It is easier to be a pro-government automaton than to be a free moral
agent.  And in that I agree that it is probably the cause of those crimes. But the government has a stake in creating automatons and to keep people
in fear, so instead of creating moral agents who won't murder and rob,
they let crimes continue to scare people into abandoning their free will.
And in that sense, a "policeman inside" is a far worse evil because it is
subtle - it passes for morality but is an abandonment thereof.
--- reply to tzeruch - at - ceddec - dot - com ---
