
@_date: 1994-12-13 10:32:15
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
I'm sorry that it took me so long to reply to this thread.  I've been
travelling and came back to a backlog of over 3000 messages.  (The 100
messages/day reported by the Digicash folks sounds really *pleasant* to
me right now -- I'm averaging around 350!  :-) )
Excerpts from fv: 2-Dec-94 Re: Brands excluded from di.. db (2508*)
   the floor with laughter.
I'm delighted to hear that you're so easily amused.  I hope your
merriment wasn't too disruptive to the other diners, who might have
drawn the mistaken conclusion that you were either rude, foolish, or
Wrong.  A First Virtual transaction takes place as a single step via
mail, FTP, or WWW.  *After* the transaction there is an email exchange
to confirm the purchase, and although this exchange works as-is with
virtually any mail reader in the world, it can be largely automated by
an FV-enhanced mail reader.  Ultimately, using such a tool you'll be
able click on a single button to confirm ALL of your recent
transactions, assuming they're all ones you want to authorize.
You're right about the 90 days for now;  as I have stated many times,
this is an inevitable consequence of our extending the credit card
merchant system to unknown and untrusted sellers anywhere on the
Internet.  You can become an FV seller with no credit checks, and indeed
with no human intervention, so the 90 days protects us (and by extension
the community of legitimate buyers and sellers) against abusive sellers.
 As I have also stated, however, we are working on a system whereby
legitimate sellers can go through a qualification process after which
the 90 day holding period will be completely waived.  We cannot yet
announce a definite availability date for this facility, but it isn't
very far away.
Well, it doesn't use "any" crypto, hard or soft.  As to "sluggish" -- I
would point out that you can set yourself up with an account in minutes,
without human intervention, which contrasts pretty well with some of the
experiences reported on this list with other systems.  And purchases are
instantaneous.  What's sluggish?  Have you actually tried using our
It is far from anonymous, This depends on your definition of anonymity.  In our system, a buyer
and a seller can meet and conduct business without EVER knowing each
other's identities unless they choose to reveal them.  This is trivial,
and indeed it already happens all the time on our Infohaus.  However,
First Virtual knows the real identities (or, at least, we know the real
underlying credit card, from which the real identity can be ultimately
traced), and can be forced to provide it to the government under court
order.  We will otherwise keep all such information completely private. I think this meets most practical standards for anonymity, and it is
certainly far more anonymous than most real-world commerce mechanisms
such as credit cards, where they buyer & seller names both appear on the
charge slip.
   proposed standard. I'm not sure what you're referring to here, but if you mean that it's
possible to refund someone's money, that's certainly true.  All our
accounts are in principle bidirectional, although people can choose to
have buyer-only or seller-only accounts.
Just out of curiousity, if I think of a silly name to call someone
else's commerce mechanism, will that prove anything of interest?
As we have made clear, this was an explicit design decision.  Our terms
and conditions, which you don't seem to have read, actually FORBID the
use of our commerce engine for hard goods.  So you really don't need to
work too hard to convince us on this point.
Wrong again.  We explicitly permit seller-based accumulation, so there's
nothing to stop you from building a service that charges, say, a tenth
of a penny for each bit of information; however, you have to accumulate
the charges on your end until they pass our 30 cent threshhold, that's
all.  If someone buys less than 30 cents worth of stuff from you, you
have to take it as a "free sample" loss.
This is amazingly wrong.  First of all, consider what it means for an
info service to become popular:  It means that their server and net
connection are more highly utilized.  Neither of these is typically a
metered resource, which means the incremental costs are zero.  There's
an incremental cost involved in upgrading either of them, but if your
service is so wildly successful that you have this problem, how hard do
you think it will be for you to get a bank loan to cover an upgrade to
your computing facilities or Internet connection, which are the ONLY
incremental costs of this kind of runaway success?
It is also worth noting that in the existing credit card system, new
merchants who have only recently qualified for Visa/MC merchant status
often have a similar holding period imposed upon them by their banks. It's Standard Operating Procedure, that's all.  If you're setting up an
information service based on our mechanism, the cost of operation for
the first 90 days should be factored into your startup expenses, just
the way you would have to factor in the cost of inventory for a
hard-goods business.  (Indeed, for most hard goods businesses, the
inventory cost would be higher  than 90 days operating expenses.)
Wrong again.  FV's technology was developed by people who wanted to sell
information products on the Internet.  That's the ONLY reason we did it.
 We didn't (and still don't) see any other commerce mechanism that would
meet our needs, so we built one.  We expect to make our money on
information products, not on the commerce engine.
We also don't think cryptography and anonymity are bad.  If you would
just read our materials, you will see that we think that cryptography is
problematic and that anonymity is good.  We've strived for the maximum
possible anonymity without the problems we perceive in using
cryptography.  (And FYI, we know whereof we speak: we use cryptography
heavily internally, and we are extremely aware both of its power and
utility AND of the practical difficulties in its use.)
Please check out our Web pages before you make any more comments like
this one.  You can buy stuff today from our Infohaus, using Web or FTP
access, or email if you prefer, so it's pretty silly to say that we rely
exclusively on email.  (Actually, the email interface is the LEAST
usable.)  The people selling things on our Infohaus -- who are NOT
associated with FV in any way other than as our customers -- get paid in
REAL MONEY.  Tell *them* that the system isn't adequate.  Or tell it to
my in-laws, who are now getting monthly loan repayments (real money)
from me via a cron job that I set up on my own machine  (Setting
up such a job requires no special FV intervention -- anyone who knows
how to set up a cron job can do it, it's that easy.  This stuff really
works, check it out!)
have managed to fully settle yet... We haven't been up for 90 days yet, so no funds have passed the aging
period.  I'll suggest to our PR people that they make a big deal about
the first settlement to sellers, which should happen in January...
Hey, we agree on something!  Different mechanisms for different purposes
makes perfect sense.  This is why you won't, in general, find us
bad-mouthing any of the other systems -- we think there's room for
several payment mechanisms on the net, and don't see any purpose being
served by "taking the low road".  I'm happy to note that the folks
behind the other systems seem to be taking a similar approach.  I hope
we can all keep it up.
Of course it can be done without bundling it into the payment protocol. You've missed a critical point:   By "bundling" it into the payment
protocol, we have been able to achieve a vast SIMPLIFICATION of the
payment protocol.  It is not a coincidence that we are the first (and so
far, still the only) system that is operational with real money.  It's
because we set out to implement that subset of commerce that was
amenable to rapid deployment.  Try-before-you-buy permits a vastly
simplified commerce system, but nobody should be surprised if that
commerce system is ONLY useful in situations where try-before-you-buy is
You've read them, but you don't appear to have understood them, which is
probably our fault, not yours.  The email confirmation is indeed a bit
cumbersome if it gets invoked very often and your mail system isn't
FV-smartened.  But if you use an FV-smart mail tool -- and note that
Z-code recently became the first vendor to publicly announce and
demonstrate support for our protocols -- you can get this down to where
a single mouse click authorizes a dozen or so purchases.  Not a big
deal.  You could even have an intelligent agent do the authorization for
you in some cases, although this requires some real caution!
You can already browse by Web or FTP, so "over time" == "now".
Once again, we're not OPPOSED (religiously or otherwise) to using
digital signatures, we're just opposed to making electronic commerce
wait for the widespread deployment of signature technologies.  When such
technologies are widely deployed, we'll probably use them (though this
is not a promise, it will depend on the situation at the time).
Sorry for the length of this message -- I hope it clears up a few
misconceptions.  -- Nathaniel
PS -- Doug, please tell the folks at Tadpole that your mailer is not
doing a very good job generating Message-ID headers.  In particular, it
isn't getting the domain right in the Message-ID, which can be a problem
for Message-ID uniqueness.  Specifically, instead of
<9412021548.AA17294 it should really be
<9412021548.AA17294  It's just a nit, but these little
details do matter, and if you tell me what mail tool you're using, I
might be able to tell you how to fix it.  -- NB

@_date: 1994-12-15 05:05:50
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
Excerpts from fv: 14-Dec-94 properties of FV eric (3093)
Thanks for introducing the useful terminology.  You're right, FV
provides counterparty anonymity but not issuer anonymity.  A useful
No, it doesn't require an entire billing system, because it lives
entirely on the seller's machine and does nothing except the pre-billing
accumulation for a single seller.  It requires a simple database and a
nightly cron job.  The next time I have a day or two free I will
probably build such a thing and add it to the free FV software; I don't
expect it will be more than a day or two's work, if that.
Well, at 29+4% it would indeed be disingenious.  However, that's not
what we're charging -- I'd encourage you to actually read our materials.
 We're charging 29 cents plus 2%, and this includes all the charges to
the credit card networks, the banks, and our financial transaction
processors.  We are NOT operating on a big margin here.
As I said in an earlier post this morning, this *is* an option we will
probably support eventually, although I don't think it is as easy to
make crypto easy-to-use as it is to make checkboxes easy-to-use, at
least not without deeply compromising the security of the crypto system.
 Mostly, however,, we just think that it's a longer-term problem,
because we see the widespread deployment of crypto as being a
longer-term phenomenon.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1994-12-15 08:18:02
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV fine print 
Excerpts from fv: 15-Dec-94 FV fine print Eric Hughes (403)
FYI, this is a direct carryover from the standard terms & conditions of
a Visa/MasterCard merchant account.  Basically, this is a legal
necessity to process inquiries from the cardholder's issuing bank, etc. You'll note that we don't say you have to provide the information to us,
merely that you have to keep it -- that way, if there's a court action
requiring us to provide the information, we can point out that you are
required to have the information.  If you haven't kept it, you won't
have nearly as much of a problem with us as with the government.  In any
event, the most we can do is say, "oh, you violated our terms and
conditions, you can't be an FV seller any more."
What we're doing here, in essence, is allowing ANYONE to function as a
Visa/MC merchant, with the addition of the 90 day hold and a few other
things.  In order to do that, our terms and conditions have to ensure
that you comply with the Visa/MC terms and conditions, that's all.  --

@_date: 1994-12-15 09:45:57
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV & PGP (was Re: First Virtual email security) 
Excerpts from fv: 15-Dec-94 Re: FV & PGP (was Re: First..
NetSurfer (1237*)
We NEVER put your credit card number on the Internet.  It is entered
ONCE via telephone, and after that it is never needed directly -- people
sell you things using your FV account-id, which does not have the same
security properties as a credit card number.  For more information,
please send mail to info or check out our web pages at

@_date: 1994-12-15 12:38:30
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
Excerpts from fv: 15-Dec-94 Re: properties of FV Eric
Hughes (3987)
Assuming that thing that you're "cobbling together" is based on a
reasonably robust database engine, it should scale a long, long way. Basically all you need is a set of three-part records:  account-id,
cumulative amount, and timestamp of oldest transaction.  (You might want
a fourth field that gives all the purchasing details as text, if your
services sells a range of different kinds of things).  Any good
commercial db system should be able to handle a LOT of such records.
This goes back to the two kinds of anonymity that you so usefully
defined in your earlier message.  These small transactions would have
counterparty anonymity -- all that the seller knows is your first
virtual id, which is essentially a user-chosen pseudonym -- but not
issuer anonymity.
No, you're just confused.  Our charges have not changed, this is what
they've always been.  Probably our materials weren't clear enough
somewhere, in which case I apologize.
That's a *very* interesting statement.  I'm not at all sure what it
means, so I'm not sure if I believe it or not.  Sometimes partial
security is worse than no security because it gives people a false
*sense* of security.  (People who know their email is going in the clear
are likely to be more prudent than people who believe their email is
"encrypted" even though the encryption algorithm might be a very poor
one.  I've even known people to pass real secrets around using rot13,
amazingly enough.  People can be quite naive.)
This is a very good point.  It is one that is often missed in analyses
of digital banks, in particular, where the consequences of compromising
the bank's keys are often not sufficiently considered.
This is exactly the way we would expect to use crypto layered on top of
First Virtual's protocols, if and when such cryptographic protocols are
deployed widely enough to have penetrated af meaningful portion of our
market.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1994-12-15 13:31:36
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV & PGP (was Re: First Virtual email security) 
Excerpts from fv: 15-Dec-94 Re: FV & PGP (was Re: First..
Ben (1253*)
The difference is that you only have to call ONCE, ever, and then you
can order from any seller on that net accepts First Virtual accounts,
with no encryption required.  It's really silly for people to try to discuss FV's security without
even understanding how it works.  Please send mail to info or
spider over to   -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1994-12-15 14:20:48
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
Excerpts from fv: 15-Dec-94 Re: properties of FV Andrew
Lowenstern (718*)
Good point.  I stand corrected, at least as far as the terminology is
concerned.   However, as far as the particular malicious-merchant
scenario is concerned, I must say I'd be skeptical about any merchant
who didn't tell me the price up front, *before* he asked me for my
account-id...  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1994-12-17 06:33:13
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
Excerpts from fv: 15-Dec-94 Re: properties of FV Eric
Hughes (3122)
The risk analysis is absolutely true.  However, I have the impression
you missed the phrase "deployed widely enough to have penetrated a
meaningful portion of our market".  I suspect that the cypherbunks and
www-buyinfo communities are not the best place to get a feel for the
extent to which crypto is widely deployed.  Pick some random other list
or newsgroup, however, and I'll be surprised if you find 1% market
penetration for crypto.

@_date: 1994-12-17 06:45:52
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV & PGP (was Re: First Virtual email security) 
Excerpts from fv: 16-Dec-94 Re: FV & PGP (was Re: First.. Mike
Ellsworth (1283*)
Once more, with feeling:
It is NOT an either/or.  In the First Virtual system, the credit card
number NEVER GOES OVER THE NET AT ALL, which means that it doesn't go
over the net in the clear AND it doesn't go over the net encrypted.  Please check out info or URL  for more
information.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1994-12-17 12:57:17
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: properties of FV 
Excerpts from fv: 17-Dec-94 Re: properties of FV eric (2015)
Interesting analogy.  But there's a number of other tradeoffs here.  The
work involved for us in the case of a smart front end is relatively
minimal -- whipping together a safe-tcl-based front end for
metamail-enabled mail tools didn't take me very long at all, actually,
and it makes for very sexy demos, which as you know is important to
marketing types.  (Ever tried giving a sexy demo of cryptography?  It's
sort of like demoing a new kernel.  Ooh, how exciting.)  So while I am
certainly NOT claiming that sexy demos are more important than
cryptographic freedom, it is simply true that there was a far larger
perceived "bang for the buck" in building the sexy front end.  And as
for deploying merchant software, well, that IS clearly more essential
than cryptography -- you simply can't have a commerce mechanism without
The work involved in adding optional cryptography is much more than you
might think, particularly because of our internal security architecture.
 Basically, without going into a lot of details, the FV crypto-engine
would have to live on the non-Internet machines that are not in our
direct control, and this would enormously complicate the limited
(batch!) communication we facilitate between the Internet and
non-Internet machines.  Trust me, it isn't trivial by a long shot.  That
doesn't mean we won't do it, but it does affect our priorities.  (It's
interesting that in our case, security gets in the WAY of crypto, given
the non-cryptographic security mechanisms we've already sete up!)
I think we're completely in sync here with regard to everything except
the timing:  we're a small company and we have to choose our priorities
carefully.  The crypto option is one we're very interested in adding
eventually, but at this point it would be a major strain on our
resources.  Moreover, frankly, if we did it, that would only serve to
mix our message in many peoples' perception.  It's hard enough
explaining to reporters that "we've discovered that crypto isn't needed
for commerce."  Their chance of understanding our message would NOT be
enhanced if we then added "but we're providing crypto as an option
anyway."  At this early stage, we have to keep our publicity message as
simple as possible.  (In fact, I think it's already too complicated, so
making it even more complicated is a very hard sell.)
Well, mostly because we're leading for commerce, and we can't lead for
everything.  Trying to do too many things at once often causes you not
to succed at any of them.  We do, however, put our money where our mouth
is when we say that we believe in the importance of universal access to
cryptography -- that's why, even as a startup, we are a significant
sponsor of Phil Zimmerman's ongoing work.  (We paid for the development
of a PGP-encrypted telnet, which will be publicly available soon if it
isn't already, and we send monthly checks in support of work related to
the development of PGP 3.0.)
I think I could argue that this makes us more of a "leader for crypto"
than most other companies in the world.  We just don't want our belief
in the importance of privacy, which is real, to become on obstacle to
the success of our business plan, which does not require cryptography,
and which in fact REQUIRES making people realize that crypto is not a
prerequisite for commerce.
Heck, no.  I will *enjoy* the day when we add cryptographic support, and
as I hope I've made clear above, I won't regard this as "changing
positions" at all.  To be perfectly clear, our position is that crypto
would be a valuable future enhancement to our system because it will
enhance our users' privacy, not because it will enhance the system's
security.  We think the system is quite sufficiently secure today,
without crypto.  I am sorry if we have alienated some crypto-enthusiasts
with our "crypto is not needed" argument, but this fact is critical to
our business strategy.  It is NOT the same as saying "crypto is bad". So if we've been unclear, let me try once more to be crystal clear:
1.  Cryptography is a Good Thing.
2.  Universal access to cryptography is critical to the future of human
3.  First Virtual has discovered that cryptography is not NECESSARY for
Internet commerce, and is trying to use that discovery to stimulate real
commerce on the net and to grow our business.
4.  Nearly every technology has positive and negative effects.  If our
discovery sets back the progress of freedom of cryptography, that was
never our intent, and we recognize it as a NEGATIVE effect.  Just
because crypto isn't necessary for commerce doesn't mean it isn't
vitally important to the future of humanity.
5.  As a social responsible corporate citizen of the net, recognizing
the special responsibilities that stem from our invention of crypto-free
commerce, First Virtual is proud to sponsor ongoing PGP development, and
is open to other opportunities (within our still-limited resources) to
help promote the cause of free and universal access to cryptography.
Mostly that there's not enough hours in the day.  (To give you an idea
of how I spend MY time:  In the 36 hour period that ended Saturday
morning, during which I was briefly out of town, I received 760 email
messages.  No kidding.  We're a tad busy these days....)
The bottom line:  First Virtual is not the enemy of cryptography. However, our invention is certainly cause for concern for those among us
who thought that commerce would be the "killer app" for making
cryptography universally available.   We believe that on balance our
invention is a very good thing, especially given its democratizing
properties (anyone in the world can be a merchant, unlike standard
credit cards).  We want to work WITH the advocates of crypto to make
sure that cryptography remains avialable for privacy, even though we
have demonstrated that it isn't necessarily a prerequisite for commerce.
 -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1994-12-20 09:22:05
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
Excerpts from junk.interesting: 19-Dec-94 Re: McCoy is Right! New Mai..
wcs (616)
This is precisely what metamail is for.  It's in

@_date: 1994-12-20 12:24:27
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: PGP-MIME spec (No Flames Allowed!) 
Excerpts from radiomail-dups: 19-Dec-94 PGP-MIME spec (No Flames Al..
"JEFF LICQUIA  (1794*)
I think you stated it pretty well.  I think we now have someone who has
stepped forward to write the new MIME-PGP draft, in consultation with
Phil Zimmerman and myself.  (I won't name him in public, since he may
prefer to keep a low profile for now.)  I'm sure that when the draft is
ready, its existence will be announced on cypherpunks.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-01-04 06:45:31
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: San Francisco Editorial 
A letter to the editor is like spitting into the wind in this case.   I
think what's needed is a more constructive affirmative action, ideally
taking Cantor and Siegel to court somewhere.
I know that there was an FCC ruling in 1993 that has saved me LOADS of
annoyance from telephone sales calls, because now if you get such a call
and you formally request to be taken off their dialing lists, you can
actually SUE them if they call you again.  As a result, they now tend to
take you very seriously when you make such a request in a knowledgable
fashion.  Does anyone know if there might be a similar legal case to be
made against net spammers who persist after being warned?  I suspect
that it's easy to make such a case for email spamming, but probably not
for spamming of umoderated newsgroups.
Note that I speak entirely for myself here, not for my employers.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-01-06 04:28:54
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse 
Excerpts from mail: 5-Jan-95 Re: Remailer Abuse db (1180*)
Again, this comes down to definitions of anonymity.  In this case, if
you start from the silly assumption that the anonymous remailer actually
keeps records that correlate messages to payment mechanisms, Doug is
right, but barely.  To break the anonymity, you'd need collusion between
the operator of the anonymous remailer AND First Virtual, because the
former knows which account sent a message, and the latter knows who that
account belongs to.  (And before you tell me that this sounds a lot like
the Clipper key escrow, I would point out that instead of two "trust us,
they're independent" agencies of the US government, in this case we're
talking about two independent private companies which are probably in
two different countries.  For my part, I figure that if the government
of Finland and the government of the US can actually agree that it's so
important to force the sacrifice of anonymity in a given case that
they're both willing to coerce companies under their jurisdiction, they
will probably have a very good reason for doing so.   Maybe I'm too
trusting, though.)
Moreover, and perhaps most important, even THIS can only be done if the
anonymous mailer keeps records of WHICH account paid for WHICH posting,
and if I were to operate a for-pay remailer, I wouldn't do that anyway. It sort of defeats the whole point of the service.
Only if you assume that the same people aren't responsible for multiple
hit-and-run attacks.  I would tend to assume the opposite.
Excerpts from mail: 5-Jan-95 Re: Remailer Abuse nelson (1177)
All I'd add here is that the requirement to keep records is one that we
have to pass on from the credit card world.  If you didn't keep ANY
records, my understanding is that all that this would really mean in
practice is that there would be an extremely strong presumption AGAINST
you in certain dispute-resolution situations.  That's just my
understanding, however, and it doesn't in any way supersede or
supplement our legal terms and conditions, available from
fineprint  (You should try them, I find them more effective than
Excerpts from mail: 5-Jan-95 Re: Remailer Abuse wcs (2028)
Depending on how often you aggregate, you can charge almost any amount. 20 cents might be very reasonable.  If you run a cron job once a month
to post aggregated billings to anyone who had two or more outstanding
uses, you'd make only a small amount on the two-time users, but you'd
get serious aggregation from the regular users.  (You might also want to
bill the really-high-volume users weekly, to prevent them from going
into shock at their huge monthly bills.)
Well, I think low-volume remailers are always a bit vulnerable to
traffic analysis attacks, aren't they?    One thing you could do is
build a variable time-delay into the remailer, to make it harder to
correlate messages coming in with those going out.  To take paranoia a
step further, you could allow people to encrypt their mail TO an
anonymous remailer with the remailer's public key, and let the remailer
send it out unencrypted.  No snooper should be able to correlate the
*contents* that way, and it avoids lots of key management problems by
only using the remailer's key, not the user's. I think this could work quite nicely, at first glance.  This is also the
kind of service for which you might want to wait until after the "yes"
reply to deliver the "goods".   My only concern, would be the key
management issues, but they might be manageable in this case by using
the equivalent of a session key, instead of a permanent personal key.  I
think this is a promising idea.    -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-01-06 13:15:51
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse 
Excerpts from mail: 6-Jan-95 Re: Remailer Abuse nelson (779)
I hate to say it, because I generally tend to take the pro-FV side of
most arguments :-), but I think Jonathan's closer to the mark in this
case.  If mail goes through ten remailers, and they ALL charge via First
Virtual, then the last one in the chain won't have to know who you are,
but it will have to know your FV billing account.  Thus it, together
with FV, have enough information to break anonymity.
This is NOT the same as saying that ANY one operator, together with FV,
can burst anonymity; it means that the last one + FV can do so.  I
think, however, that you'd need to break into the last one to get enough
information to allow the next-to-last one to figure out the right FV-id.
 (This assumes that you're tracing the message from its ultimate
destination, not monitoring traffic as it passes through the remailers

@_date: 1995-01-06 13:21:06
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse 
Excerpts from mail: 6-Jan-95 Re: Remailer Abuse jrochkin (3378*)
This depends entirely on your definition of "cheating".    Basically, my
proposal (which I think crossed in the mail with yours, so I'm not
claiming that you misunderstood it -- in fact you anticipated *most* of
it, I think) was to charge once for entry to the "system", and to
include in that charge as many "hops" as you feel are necessary.  No
cheating involved -- the truly anonymous hops would only be accessible
from within the "system", i.e. from a similar anonymous remailer
"inside" the system or from one of the fee-for-entry systems.  If this
is the charging model, then the objections about knowing the chain
length, etc. all go away.
Not that much, just a revenue sharing arrangement based on income and
volume.  Consortia do this sort of thing all the time, though most
consortia aren't formed in quite the atmosphere of paranoia that often
surrounds remailers.....
Actually, I think this could be serialized -- you could design it so
that you could use free remailers either before or after the consortium
members, but once you left the consortium system your message would have
to somehow pay to get back in again.  That would be a mess, and not my
preferred way to do it.
Yes, it is is true that if digicash starts working for real money, it
will answer your objections quite nicely.  However, there are lots of
objections to that sort of system, too, they're just different ones.  As
both the FV and Digicash folks have pointed out many times, we have very
different technologies that fill very different requirements, it's not
an either/or choice.  I think you could build interesting anonymous
remailers on each system, too.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-01-06 14:45:49
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: for-pay remailers and FV (Was Re: Remailer Abuse) 
Excerpts from fv: 6-Jan-95 for-pay remailers and FV (W..
jrochkin (4416*)
The latter is what I was proposing.  Only the first one would charge via
FV, but the other ones would form a "closed system" that you could only
get into by going through one that charged.
That's not my assumption.  I think you may have misread my mail -- I
*agree* with you on this point.  Sorry if I was unclear!
As I said, it all depends on your level of paranoia....  I tend to think
that in such an organization, where the primary "product" is privacy,
each member would tend to watch all the other members like hawks, eager
to publicize any instance of the other guy not being sufficiently
zealous in protecting privacy.  (Of course, I'm assuming that people
like *you* will be running these services, i.e. people even more
paranoid about privacy than me.)
I think this is wrong.  In my model, each consortium model has two, a
for-pay and a for-free.  Anyone can send to a for-pay, but only a
consortium remailer can send to a for-free.  Not that complicated,
To my mind, that's not a bug, it's a feature.  The consortium is
charging you a set fee for privacy, and you get to decide how many hops
are required to have a level of privacy you trust.
This is true of the scheme that I said I would be satisfied with (one
remailer + FV), but not true, I think, of the "overkill" scheme, which
was the consortium.
Well, I *think* I do, though I may be suffering from a bit of
dilletantism here -- I'm certainly no expert in cryptography, but I
think I understand the concepts involved.  We haven't even gotten into
the effect of encryption yet -- so far, we've just been talking, I
thought, about untraceability.  But as far as I can see, there's no
reason that the consortium pay-only-at-entry scheme couldn't work with
encrypted remailers.  Am I confused?  Couldn't you use the same
cryptographic chain as is currently used, where all the inner entries in
the chain are free crypto-remailers open only to other consortium
remailers, but in which the outer encrypted message had the FV payment
attached, which gained it entry to the remailer pool?
Again, I think you mis-read me.  I haven't (nor do I care to) spent a
lot of time thinking about how to do remailers at all, let alone with
digicash.  What I was referring to was the basic objections that come
from using a digital cash scheme in the first place.
I agree that FV doesn't meet the above requirements, but I don't see why
they're necessary for remailers.  In the consortium scheme I'd proposed,
the only thing that could ever be proven about you would be that you had
used a remailer.  Now, if the message was not encrypted, your anonymity
could be broken by collusion of FV and the "entry" remailer.  But if the
cypherpunks style cryptographic chain was used, i.e. if the contents
(including an inner envelope that said who you really sent it to) were
encrypted, nothing more would ever be derivable without the collusion of
everyone in the chain, and even then it would only be derivable if
certain records were kept.  All I'm claiming is that it's do-able using the FV payment system.  I'm
not going to do it myself because I don't personally feel that this
level of untraceability is EVER legitimately necessary.....  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-01-06 14:45:36
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: for-pay remailers and FV (Was Re: Remailer Abuse) 
Excerpts from fv: 6-Jan-95 Re: for-pay remailers and F.. "James A.
Donald" (1127*)
Yes, I think you've probably just identified a *second* way it could
work.  I agree it's awfully complex, though.  I'd prefer my consortium
approach, but it's nice to see that multiple models are possible. --

@_date: 1995-01-10 07:59:27
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: for-pay remailers and FV 
Excerpts from fv: 9-Jan-95 Re: for-pay remailers and FV db (2073*)
No reason on Earth?  Try any of the following:
1.  You can actually get paid, in real money, using a system that is
operating NOW. 2.  It requires no special software for the user of the remailer
service, thus preserving a very positive feature of most of today's
anonymous remailers.
3.  You don't need to have a credit card merchant account (and the
technical arrangements for using it) in order to run a remailer service.
There are more, but those are probably the top three.
Well, I could be wrong, but from the above paragraph I can only infer
that you've never actually tried to set yourself up as a merchant.
The hardest part is getting approved for a merchant account.  Unless you
already have an established business or money in the bank, this will
*probably* be a showstopper if you want to set up a remailer-for-pay
service.  Getting a merchant account is never trivial, and getting one
in a whole new industry is VERY hard.
Once you have a merchant account, establishing the right technical setup
to do the actual authorization and purchases is not rocket science, but
it certainly requires more than "1 clue" -- in particular, it typically
requires hooking up some special hardware, installing and configuring
some new software, and some serious thought about the implications for
your system's security.
None of this is needed if you use FV.
Also, as Paul pointed out, the requirement for reversibility applies to
ANY credit-card-based service, not just FV.  This is NOT an option, it
is required by law (reg Z).
Excerpts from fv: 10-Jan-95 Re: for-pay remailers and FV
Hal (2603)
This is workable.  It also reinvents a big chunk of what FV does, if you
do it yourself. -- NB

@_date: 1995-02-03 07:26:27
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Remailing in safe-tcl 
Excerpts from mail: 2-Feb-95 Remailing in safe-tcl Hal (2397)
The problem is that this is a very hard -- perhaps impossible -- thing
to build in at the level of a safe-tcl interpreter, because the safe-tcl
interpreter is supposed to be a relatively stand-alone thing.  To
activate something based on a future event requires some hooks into
external event management -- e.g. a cron job, or the message receipt
facilities of a specific mail tool, etc.   The challenge, I think, is to
figure out how to make sure safe-tcl has the right hooks for such an
external environment without REQUIRING one particular such environment
in order to run safe-tcl.
In other words, I think the best to be hoped for is for safe-tcl to have
the facilities that are needed by such an environment.  I'm not entirely
sure what those facilities are, but I'm optimistic that this could be
layered on using the "declareharmless" mechanism of safe-tcl.  Thus, you
could write (in full tcl) a procedure that essentially queues an event
for future processing, and make that procedure available to the safe-tcl
environment.  Is this plausible in your application context?
I think there's a good chance of that, yes.  Part of the safe-tcl
experiment, actually, is the attempt to figure out, cooperatively, what
all is needed in the way of infrastructure.  So what I'm most interested
in knowing is whether there are features you can imagine adding to
safe-tcl that would make this easier to do on your end...  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-02-08 09:20:11
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: MIME based remailing commands 
Excerpts from junk.interesting: 7-Feb-95 Re: MIME based remailing co..
"Perry E. Metzger" (2553)
Perhaps you might consider writing up an informational RFC to define
these types?  I think that would be very useful. -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-02-10 13:00:01
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: MIME based remailing commands 
Excerpts from mail: 10-Feb-95 Re: MIME based remailing co.. Rick
Busdiecker (1667)
Well, I have no idea why you think that MIME is an "atrocity" or
"slime", but it is perfectly clear that you have no idea what it
actually *is*, since "X-" headers have nothing whatsoever to do with
MIME.  The "X-" headers are defined by RFC 822, which has been the
standard for Internet mail formats since 1982.
Perhaps you should learn what MIME is before you embarass yourself
further.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-02-13 03:26:23
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: MIME based remailing commands 
Excerpts from mail: 12-Feb-95 Re: MIME based remailing co.. Rick
Busdiecker (1544)
A very interesting claim.  Care to tell me what my "false claims" are,
or is it a secret?
Of course.  Let me tell you, though, what the real "beauty" of MIME is: It is that Internet mail was upgraded from ASCII-text-only to permit
multiple character sets, images, audio, video, and arbitrary extensions,
WITHOUT breaking any existing standards or software.  It is that
multimedia mail was defined in such a way that it can cross existing
ASCII-to-EBCDIC gateways and all manner of other bizarre mail-eating
paths and still be complete and comprehensible on the other end.  That's
the kind of "beauty" we were aiming at, so if your comments are geared
to any specific technical aspects of MIME, this may be the explanation. We considered practical functioning and interoperation to be the
operational definition of "beauty".  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-07-25 15:03:21
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Zimmerman legal fund 
Excerpts from mail: 23-Jul-95 Re: Zimmerman legal fund
aba (5163)
The relationship is a completely open and friendly one, without any
strings attached that I'm aware of.
What most of you probably don't know is that FV has been a supporter of
Phil Zimmerman's since long before you heard of us.  We have had Phil on
a monthly retainer since before the public rollout of our service (which
probably means since before you even *heard* of First Virtual, since we
didn't make any vaporware announcements).  We've done this in order to
get some advice on cryptography and some help with some specific needs
(pgp-telnet, for example), but mostly we've done it because we thought
he both needed and deserved our support.
Why would a startup company want to devote significant resources to
supporting Phil?  Basically, we felt it was the right thing to do,
particularly in our case.  Here's why:  like most net citizens, we
believe that the people deserve free access to cryptography.  However,
we had just invented something nobody had ever imagined before -- a way
to do reasonably safe net commerce *without* cryptography.  Now, we
thought this would be a good thing for society in its own right, for
many reasons that would be a real digression here, but we recognized
that every technology has both a good side and a bad side.  Insofar as
electronic commerce was going to be the motivating factor for permitting
universal access to cryptography, FV's technology is/was a bad thing,
because it decreases (at least somewhat) that motivation.  We believe
the positive features of our technology outweigh this negative, but we
also felt we had a moral duty to lend our support to public access to
cryptography, to try to offset any negative effect that our invention
might have in that regard.
So, FV has been a friend of Phil's for a long time.  We launched the
Yellow Ribbon campaign and the FV-based fundraising drive in that
spirit, though clearly it doesn't exactly hurt us if people sign up for
FV in order to donate to Phil.  That really wasn't our motivation,
however, and we sought to underscore that fact by making a donation to
Phil's defense fund every time people sign up for a new account
expressly in order to donate to ZLDF.  In other words, if you are a
Zimmerman supporter and you were thinking it might be nice to have an FV
account anyway, you can help Phil even more by signing up and paying
your $2 fee through the ZLDF pages.
We've had lots of discussions with Phil Z and Phil D, and any time they
expressed any discomfort with any of our ideas, we dropped them.  There
are two web sites basically because they are taking care of the
informational aspects and we're concentrating (pro bono) on the online
fundraising aspects.  If we've overly stressed FV as a collection
mechanism, I apologize, but you must bear in mind that we've been living
and breathing the FV payment system for 18 months now, and it would be
kind of hard for us not to even *mention* it.  :-)
Well, only on the cypherpunks list would you be likely to find general
agreement that PGP'ed credit card numbers are "easier" than First
Virtual.  Many thousands of extremely naive net citizens are now happy
FV customers, and I seriously doubt that most of them could master PGP
without a full-day tutorial.  (We're not talking about rocket scientists
here, folks.)
Mostly, though, I felt that the FV/ZLDF association was extremely
important to defuse any potential political arguments of the form "FV
has proven that public access to crypto is unnecessary."  Such arguments
would hurt the crypto cause, and would NOT sit well with the FV team,
either.  The truth is we're completely on the same side of this issue,
folks.  No hidden agendas, I promise.  On behalf of First Virtual, I encourage everyone to donate money to
ZLDF, using any mechanism that works.   Better yet, use them all.  --
Nathaniel S. Borenstein     |           When privacy is outlawed,
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings |     only outlaws will have privacy!
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       | SUPPORT THE ZIMMERMAN DEFENSE FUND!
---VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON-->> zldf (

@_date: 1995-07-26 04:54:18
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: "Only on the Cypherpunks list..." 
Excerpts from mail: 25-Jul-95 "Only on the Cypherpunks li.. Timothy C.
May (1596*)
Well, one thing we've announced in public is that if/when Visa and
MasterCard actually announce the encryption standard that they have said
they're going to define, we will support it.  Basically, our attitude
towards encryption has been that the lack of widely-agreed-upon
standards and lack of widespread deployment were show-stoppers for
large-scale commerce.  Our hope is that if Visa & MC agree on a format,
it won't have those problems.  We didn't think that FV itself had enough
clout to set an encryption standard for the world, nor did we see enough
of a bandwagon behind the current PGP format (or any others).  So we
concentrated on making commerce work without encryption, building up our
customer base, our customer service department, and so forth.  We're
promising our sellers as smooth a transition to the eventual standards
as we can possibly manage...  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel S. Borenstein     |           When privacy is outlawed,
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings |     only outlaws will have privacy!
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       | SUPPORT THE ZIMMERMAN DEFENSE FUND!
---VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON-->> zldf

@_date: 1995-07-27 14:11:27
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: You have cashed my check.... 
First of all, let me publicly apologize for any role we may have played
in your problem.  I don't yet know if there's a bug in our system or
EDS' system that caused this to happen, but if so I assure you it will
be found and fixed.  We are investigating.
I am responding now -- in advance of any real facts to offer you --
primarily because you sent a CC of your mail to so many public lists. The "humanhelp" address on your mail will feed into a complex customer
support department, from which you should already have received an
automatic acknowledgement and a "tracking code".  You should receive a
response from one of our human operators within 48 hours.  However, the
way that the humanhelp software works, those answers will NOT
automatically be CC'ed to cypherpunks and all the other places you CC'ed
your question.  Therefore I am answering you now in order to assure
everyone who saw your message (via those widespread CC's) that it is
indeed being handled through the normal channels, but that FV's
responses will not be widely cc'ed.  It will come to you alone, as
private mail.
In general, it isn't necessary to CC the world on your first interaction
with a customer service department; perhaps if you had sent us several
messages and we hadn't answered you, this would have been an appropriate
response.  As it is, the situation is almost certainly either a human
error in the data entry for your bank account or a hitherto-undiscovered
software bug.  But we have many happy sellers who can attest to the fact
that we do regularly deposit money in their bank accounts.  It's not a
scam.  Please don't assume the worst until you give us a chance to
diagnose and fix the problem.
(In fact, if it were a scam, why would we send you an alarming-looking
letter telling you that your bank account information appears to be
invalid?  It seems to me that it would be much smarter for us to just
quietly eat your money, if that's what we wanted to do!)
I assume that you did not, in fact, close or otherwise change your bank
account -- if you did, that would certainly explain the whole episode,
and our system would be functioning completely as intended.  We will
proceed in our investigation under the assumption that this is not the
case, and will let you know (via private email) what we find out.  At
some point, someone may need to contact you via telephone to verify your
account information.  Stay tuned.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel S. Borenstein     |           When privacy is outlawed,
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings |     only outlaws will have privacy!
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       | SUPPORT THE ZIMMERMAN DEFENSE FUND!
---VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON-->> zldf

@_date: 1995-07-28 06:43:59
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: "Only on the Cypherpunks list..." 
Excerpts from mail: 27-Jul-95 Re: "Only on the Cypherpunk.. "Perry E.
Metzger" (292)
Yes, I can attest to the fact that MachTen is *amazing*, particularly
its seamless integration of the Mac and UNIX file systems.  It's worth
getting it even if the only thing you ever use it for is to do "find"
and "grep" through your Macintosh files.....
Nathaniel S. Borenstein     |           When privacy is outlawed,
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings |     only outlaws will have privacy!
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       | SUPPORT THE ZIMMERMAN DEFENSE FUND!
---VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON-->> zldf

@_date: 1995-07-30 11:25:36
@_author: never felt the need, I guess 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann legal fund 
Actually, I think you're wrong on that score.  I've met quite a few people
who understand the importance of the principles involved, and who support
Phil's caue wholeheartedly, but who have never even tried to learn PGP
(never felt the need, I guess).
However, I agree that the pages should at least contain a link to the other
ZLDF site, which mentions how to use PGP and credit card numbers.
Of course it's possible, and it's definitely something we intend to do
*eventually*.  The real question is how hard it is, and how high-priority
it is.  We're trying to do a zillion things at once, as you can imagine. To pay into non-US accounts, we need to establish banking relationships in
other venues.  For the most part, we need to do it one country at a time,
which is awesomely time-consuming (although there may be some shortcuts,
e.g. to do all of Europe at once).
However, it is worth noting that we DO have non-US sellers already. Remember, the requirement is not that you be in the US, but rather than you
have an account in a US bank.  This is not all that hard for a non-US
citizen to do **IF** you can show up physically at a US bank.  Thus, if
there's a US bank that has an office near you, you can walk in and open an
account to which deposits can be made through the US direct-deposit system,
and  you're in business with FV.
What we'd really hoped to have up and running by now, as a short-term
expedient, was an expedited mechanism whereby non-US people could open
accounts at a US bank by mail, without the physical presence.  This turns
out to be contrary to a lot of established procedures in the US banking
world, so we're still looking for a bank that's willing to set up this kind
of expedited procedure for account setup.  If and when we get that working,
we will certainly be announcing the availability of that service on
fv-users and similar venues.  (I probably won't announce it on cypherpunks,
since I think many people already think FV is too-much-discussed here.  My
intent with FV on cypherpunks is to only talk about FV in contexts where it
is directly relevant, in particular when other people bring it up.)  --

@_date: 1995-07-31 09:48:28
@_author: this is not a promise! 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann legal fund 
I hope my mail didn't give the impression that we are "insisting" on this. It's a matter of technical expedience at the moment, that's all.  Non-US
sellers who really want to use FV can do so today IF they get a US bank
account.  Payout through non-US banks is definitely something we plan to
do, but you can't build a business today on our plans for tomorrow,
especially since we don't have a firm target date.
One of the relatively easiest alternatives we have discussed is good old
fashioned paper checks.  We could *conceivably* (this is not a promise!)
set up a system to pay non-US sellers by mailing them paper checks.  This
is a fairly expensive process, and we'd have to pass on the costs to the
sellers in the form of a service charge for the mailing, and there would be
postal delays, and there would be a delay waiting for your local bank to
clear a US check.  Is this appealing?  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1995-08-01 09:07:11
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann legal fund 
The real question isn't based on your bank account, but on whether or not
Uncle Sam thinks you are "doing business in" the US.  This is the
fundamentally thorny question that is raised by cyberspace businesses. Having payments made to a US bank account may make it more likely that the
US will decide that you are doing so, but they could decide it anyway just
because  you have buyers in the  US, or because  you're using a US-based
payment server.  The laws are, to say the least, not clear on such points.
As a practical matter, however, it is true that using a US account will
make it easier for Uncle Sam to tax you if it decides that's appropriate.

@_date: 1995-09-20 20:46:59
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: first virtual "security" (!!) (was Re: Security Flaw Is Discovered In Software Used in Shopping) 
Laurent -- I strongly recommend that you make an effort to understand
the real risks involved in Internet commerce.  There are critical
security flaws in the encrypted commerce approach, which I fear you are
overlooking.  By focusing on the ease of stealing a single identifier,
or faking a single transaction, I think you overlook some much more
important issues.
The point is not that people can't intercept your First Virtual ID by
sniffing on the net.  Obviously they can.
The point is not that people can't forge mail from you.  Obviously they can.
The point is not that people can't intercept FV's confirmation query,
which contains a one-time code, and forge the appropriate response to
authorize that purchase.  Obviously they can.
The point is not that people can't selectively block your incoming mail,
so that you can't even tell when the above has happened.  Obviously they
The point is that if someone goes to all the trouble of doing all the
above -- which is what it takes to commit serious fraud with First
Virtual -- then *all* that they get is the temporary use, on the
Internet only, of a single credit card.  (Note also that I've just
spelled out *exactly* what it takes to commit fraud with FV.  I am
suspicious of any commerce systems that don't offer such an explanation.
 In the case of SSL, the explanation would probably start out, "find a
single bug in the implementation of the cryptographic algorithms.")
Schemes like SSL, which encrypt a credit card number and then transmit
it on the net, carry with them a very different kind of risk:  the risk
that a single criminal could steal MILLIONS of credit card numbers.   If an SSL-like scheme were in wide use world-wide, the hacker who just
made a name for himself by breaking SSL could instead have gone down in
HISTORY as the person who destroyed the twentieth-century credit card
system by stealing millions of credit cards and using each one just
once.  Or, if his goals were more practical, he could have simply chosen
any desired level of affluence and lived that way for the rest of his
life.   (This is not an exaggeration.  I can flesh this out to an
alarming degree of detail, actually.)
FV does not claim to have invented a method of commerce that is
foolproof.  There is no such system, and that certainly includes the
existing credit card, cash, and check infrastructure.  What FV has
invented is a system for Internet commerce in which the risk/reward
ratio is sufficiently low to permit large-scale commerce.  Any
cryptographic approaches which make similar claims must also be
evaluated in terms of risk/reward ratio.  If a system has a catastrophic
risk, no matter how low-probability, this is worse than a system with
higher-probability risks of much lower consequence.  (When driving my
car, I'd rather be in ten fender-benders than one high-speed head-on
collision at 90 MPH.)
My own experience with real-world software -- which is only confirmed by
the recent SSL scandal -- makes me tend to believe that every program
has bugs, and that therefore every crypto system will carry with it a
significant practical risk of compromise.  It therefore makes no sense
to design the commerce infrastructure in such a way that the cost of
that risk is catastrophic.  FV has had several minor incidents of fraud.
 They didn't make any headlines and they didn't require any mad scramble
to fix the software, because the costs of the fraud were so low to all
concerned.   -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel S. Borenstein     |           When privacy is outlawed,
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings |     only outlaws will have privacy!
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       | SUPPORT THE ZIMMERMANN DEFENSE FUND!
---VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON-->> zldf

@_date: 1995-09-22 05:29:28
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: first virtual "security" (!!) (was Re: Security Flaw Is Discovered InSoftware Used in Shopping) 
Excerpts from mail.fv: 22-Sep-95 Re: first virtual "security.. Jiri
Baum (1560*)
I think the basic confusion here is precisely about the cost.
The cost of having one credit card stolen is small.
The cost of having millions stolen at once is *astronomical*.  It really
could bring down the whole credit card system, if that was the
criminal's goal.
My concern is about schemes in which the compromise of the cryptographic
algorithms or software leads to a scenario in which one criminal steals
millions of credit cards.  In such a scenario, the cost of insecurity is
unacceptably high.
We're definitely moving in this direction.  It's more complicated than
you make it sound, though.  Personally, I don't want to use any
cryptography without an explicit, clear, policy and mechanism for key
expiration and key lifetimes.  The risk of key compromise is directly
proportional to the key lifetime.  PGP today -- which we use very
heavily internal to FV -- is not well-equipped for dealing with key
management issues on a scale of millions of users.
Now, having said that...  we're currently planning to deploy FV version
2 before the end of the year.  Version 2 *will* include the first use of
PGP in the FV system, but it will NOT work the way you probably expect. Stay tuned!  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel S. Borenstein     |           When privacy is outlawed,
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings |     only outlaws will have privacy!
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       | SUPPORT THE ZIMMERMANN DEFENSE FUND!
---VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON-->> zldf

@_date: 1995-10-12 07:38:01
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Internet Flaws 
Excerpts from mail: 11-Oct-95 Re: NYT on Internet Flaws Douglas
Barnes (1042*)
???Luddites???  Excuse me, have I missed something?  Let's look at FV's

@_date: 1995-10-23 11:48:17
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: FV -- What we have learned 
Please excuse the cross-posting, I'll keep it short.
With my colleagues at First Virtual, I have recently completed what we
intend to be the definitive statement about what FV has learned from a
full year of processing payments over the Internet.  This is not
intended as a puff piece, but a serious academic-style overview.  We're
hoping it will prove to be a valuable resource for anyone trying to
process payments on the net, even those who disagree with some aspects
of FV's approach.  The paper will be presented next week at the
"Frontiers in Electronic Commerce" conference in Austin.  In Postscript, it's a 14 page paper with a nearly 30 page appendix, so
it doesn't *have* to be a long paper to read unless you want it to be. :-)   Plain text and postscript versions are available on the net by
anonymous ftp:
Nathaniel S. Borenstein     |           When privacy is outlawed,
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings |     only outlaws will have privacy!
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       | SUPPORT THE ZIMMERMANN DEFENSE FUND!
---VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON-->> zldf

@_date: 1995-12-12 06:48:59
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: More FUD from First Virtual 
Excerpts from mail.limbo: 10-Dec-95 Re: More FUD from First Vir.. Bill
Stewart (1289*)
It's fundamentally different because FV (unlike all the other systems,
to my knowledge) is a "closed loop" financial instrument.  By this I
mean that it doesn't depend on a one-way passage of some kind of
credentials to consummate a transaction.  It would be almost equally
easy to write a keyboard virus that intercepted your FV-ID as it would
be to write one that intercepted your e-cash keys, but then there would
be a pretty significant additional layer for the seamless interception
and response to the confirmation email.  (Note the "seamless" here.  If
you do it in such a way that it interferes with the user's normal mail,
it will be caught pretty quickly.)  Also, the "almost equally easy"
refers to the fact that FV-ID's are free-form text, a very deliberate
design decision that makes them far harder to sniff, even at the
keyboard level,  than credit card numbers (which are self-identifying),
although a good e-cash system will share this quality for its pass
Right, absolutely.  But in this case, a virus still can't fake what's on
the hardware.
And you're a *sophisticated* user, right Bill?  This just underscores
some other comments I've made in the past about Joe Sixpack.  I think
there will be serious usability problems.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-12 05:33:24
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Usability of Cryptography (was Re: More FUD from First Virtual) 
Excerpts from mail.nonpersonal: 10-Dec-95 Re: More FUD from First Vir..
"Ed Carp" (5360)
This is exactly right.  In fact, it isn't even just bad programmer
decisions; some of the complexity is really inherently needed for
security.  PGP's notion of who you trust to certify keys, for example,
confuses the heck out of naive users, who want to "trust" anyone they
believe is a good person, not just people they believe are sophisticated
enough to sign keys.  It's really hard to explain to some people why
they should say, "No, I don't trust Grandma."
What a lot of people don't seem to realize is that, in crypto software,
there is a fundamental tradeoff between usability and security.  You can
simplify PGP (or similar software) to the point where it's easy to deal
with key management, but it will then be far more susceptible to
Key management is the Achilles heel of crypto-for-the-masses.  I know
there are some people who want to shoot the messenger, and who think
that by stating this fact, I am declaring myself an opponent of
cryptography, but the fact is that my company has been using PGP very
heavily internally for almost 2 years, and we think we've managed our
keys securely, but it has taken a lot of effort and user education.  The
experience has left us more skeptical than ever about secure key
management by and for millions of non-technical customers.
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-12 05:10:34
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
Hey, don't go for constant time, that's too hard to get perfect.  Add a
*random* delay.  This particular crypto-flaw is pretty easy to fix. (See, I'm not *always* arguing the downside of cryptography!)
It is worth noting, however, the extent to which "secure" cryptographic
protocols keep needing to get fixed one last time....  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-13 01:24:14
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Hacking FV is just no fun (was Re: More FUD from First Virtual [NOISE]) 
Watching this thread has been fascinating.  I want to underscore and
summarize a tiny bit.
First, I commented about the aspects of FV's system that made it
particularly hard to mount a large-scale automated attack against the FV
transaction system.  Then, David Wagner asked:
Before I could answer, Sameer said more or less what I would have said,
although I'm sure he didn't think he was offering FV's position:
This is absolutely true in the sense that a simple one-time attack on FV
is well-understood and easy to mount.  (For those of you who haven't
seen it, I recommend that you read our paper on lessons from First
Virtual's first full year in operation, available at
ftp::/ftp.fv.com/pub/nsb/fv-austin.{ps,txt}.  Among other things, it
spells out in precise detail how to break the FV transaction system --
see Appendix A, Question 25:  "How can a criminal break First Virtual's
system, and does it matter?"
Unlike other systems, FV doesn't claim to be "foolproof" -- quite the
contrary, we very deliberately tell you exactly how to break the system,
and we focus on limiting the damage that can be done by such an attack. Given that fact, a bounty is ludicrous.  We're not going to turn around
and pay you a bounty for doing exactly what we told you how to do!  A
bounty on crypto-payment-systems makes sense precisely because the
possible costs of a bug can be so high.
However, Sameer went on to write:
This last line is not quite right.  The email loop that FV adds will, in
general, cause fraud to be detected far more quickly than it is detected
in today's credit card world.  Thus FV is a bit more robust (if not more
"secure", a word fraught with problems of definition) than the physical
credit card infrastructure.  Using encrypted credit cards on the net,
however, is demonstrably *less* secure/robust than the existing physical
credit card infrastructure, as the first-year paper also explains in
Finally, Bill and Sameer (jointly, sort of) provided a very brief
synopsis of the "does it matter?" part:
would just get a chargeback.
FV is vulnerable to several nuisance attacks, and we make no bones about
that fact.  We've even seen it happen a couple of times -- no money was
lost, and the culprit was persuaded to cease and desist via pressure
through his ISP.  But we've designed the system to be very robust in
protecting the actual money, which is what we believe MUST be a payment
system's first priority.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein  (FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON==>

@_date: 1995-12-13 21:59:24
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Usability of Cryptography (was Re: More FUD from First Virtual) 
Excerpts from mail.limbo: 12-Dec-95 Re: Usability of Cryptograp.. "James
A. Donald" (1242*)
Agreed completely, if you add:
"....unless the person claiming to be Bryce is someone who managed to
steal secret keys from that same Bryce."
Without this clause, it seems to me you're assuming that secret keys (or
other identity-verifying tokens) can't ever be stolen.  Insofar as you
use multiple things (cryptography, IP address, etc.) to identify
someone, you can make it harder to impersonate someone, but each of
these things is ultimately forge-able.  -- NB
Nathaniel Borenstein  (FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON==>

@_date: 1995-12-05 06:08:56
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Geodesic Payment Systems?  (was Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment) 
Excerpts from mail.nonpersonal: 4-Dec-95 Re: Meeting notes from ANSI..
Robert Hettinga (4665*)
There are some interesting unspoken assumptions here.  To calculate
anyone's "cost" on a transaction requires the complex amortization of
costs over many transactions, with assumptions/projections about the
transaction volume.  I have no idea where you came by either of your
numbers, MTB's or FV's, but I can tell you that your guess about FV is
off the mark.  And I'm sure that MTB is no more eager than we are to
publicly dissect all the underlying cost structures, so I have no idea
what the 50 cents that you cite really means.
From a consumer standpoint, I think that the only reasonable thing you
can do is to assume that the vendors are pricing their services at a
level that they believe yields profit in the long term.  FV charges 29
cents plus 2 percent, which means that you can put 50 cent charges
through the system if you're willing to give up 30 of those cents.  By
pricing it that way, we have invited people to put 50 cent charges
through the system.  We wouldn't have done that if we didn't think we
could make money on it.  To be perfectly clear:  our minimum service charge is 30 cents, not 5
dollars.  If we didn't think it was worthwhile to take transactions that
small, we wouldn't do so.
Finally, on the more philosophical matter:
In terms of crypto-privacy, anonymous communication, and things like
that, I agree completely.  However, it's genuinely more complicated than
that where money is concerned, because there are aspects of the
translation between "bits and bucks" that have some extremely serious
practical complexities.
A true geodesic structure is self-supporting and self-structuring.  A
cryptographic infrastructure can and should be similar, I agree
completely.  However, a *monetary* infrastructure needs convertability,
and the points of conversion are always the best targets of attack for
criminals.  (I've been casting about for an analogy to physical
geodesics, and it's hard to find one.  The best I can come up with is to
imagine that in order to convert a carbon buckyball to a more
conventional set of carbon molecules, you had to do it through a service
bureau that was capable of error, fraud, or subversion by outside
criminals.  This would ONLY matter if you ever wanted to do such
conversions, but it would matter a lot then, especially if you had to
suffer a serious financial loss if you got the wrong carbon molecules at
the end of the process.)
IF you wanted to settle for a totally non-convertible economy (like
rubles in the old Soviet Union, or like the LETS system on the net
today, as I understand it) then you could build it geodesically.  But if
you want to be able to convert back and forth between Internet payment
systems and non-Internet payment systems, it can never be truly
geodesic.  It will always be attackable at the points of conversion. (You may "trade digital certificates", but how do you know the ones
you're receiving were obtained for legitimate real-world value?) Because of this, the underwriting financial institutions, who have a
very reasonable desire to limit their own risk, will inevitably seek the
protection-by-traceability offered by something less than perfect
anonymity.  We may not like it, but it's a very natural position to be
taken by those who are actually bearing the financial risks at the point
of conversion.
The truth is that there's a natural tension between the consumer's
desire for privacy and the underwriter's desire for financial
protection.  First Virtual has been worrying about this for 2 years now,
actually.  Our solution -- which I think has held up pretty well -- was
to allow users to be pseudonymous (as opposed to anonymous), to limit
the traceability-by-pseudonym to the service bureau (FV) that effects
the payments, and to treat all such information with the highest
possible standards of confidentiality.  The fact that the information
can be traced when absolutely necessary is actually a huge selling point
with those who carry the financial risks.  I'm not claiming it's a
perfect solution, but I think that unless you are clear about the
underlying tradeoffs, it's hard to talk seriously about how to build a
better solution.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-06 04:20:35
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Geodesic Payment Systems? (was Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment) 
Excerpts from mail.nonpersonal: 5-Dec-95 Re: Geodesic Payment System..
"E. ALLEN SMITH" (2487)
I had assumed that there was a market discount, but it's still not quite
that simple.  It's very hard for markets to deal with *unbounded* risk. The biggest problem I see with most of the crypto-cash schemes is that
there is a legitimate scenario -- however low-probability you might
assess it to be -- of break-the-bank catastrophic failure, i.e. in which
someone gains the keys that allow him to essentially print money.  This
kind of low-probability, infinite-cost risk is the kind of thing that
gives underwriters the heebie jeebies.  There's a good reason that most
companies have "Ltd" after their name instead of "Unlimited", in those
countries where that's the naming convention.
Excerpts from mail.nonpersonal: 5-Dec-95 Re: Geodesic Payment System..
Wei Dai (1749*)
This is probably true, although protocol translation is a notoriously
tricky and subtle business.  But my comments were aimed at the
conversion between electronic and physical monetary systems, not between
different electronic systems.  And, for this purpose, totally
non-Internet mechanisms such as SWIFT or US ACH are, in my view,
"physical" systems, for a number of historical reasons.  If you disagree
with that classification, however, you just push the line down a little
further, but don't change the underlying assessement.  -- NB
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-07 13:42:36
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Geodesic Payment Systems? (was Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment) 
[I'll respond to several people's comments on this thread all at once.]
Excerpts from mail.limbo: 6-Dec-95 Re: Geodesic Payment System.. Robert
Hettinga (6688*)
This includes *everything*.  The 29 cents plus 2% includes all
credit-card related fees.  Yes, this is absolutely true.  I didn't mean to imply otherwise.  The
question is whether or not the possibility of true anonymity in the net
transactions might widen the door for fraud on the conversion.  I think
that it does, in the sense that there's no good way to answer the
question, "is it reasonable for Robert Hettinga to be cashing in $2
million of ecash today?"  In a non-anonymous system, audit trails could
be called up automatically on any "suspiciously large" transaction, and
this would help to limit fraud (along with some other, less desirable
social consequences).  I'm not saying that this kind of accountability
would necessarily be a good thing, merely trying to explain why banks
are leery of true anonymity.
None at all, if you can find an underwriter who is comfortable with the
fact that his investigative options will be limited in the case of
suspiciously large or suspiciously frequent "cash out" events from a
given customer.  Apparently Mark Twain Bank finds that risk acceptable. I'm sure the larger banks will be watching quite closely.
Excerpts from mail.limbo: 6-Dec-95 Re: Geodesic Payment System.. Wei
Dai (1462*)
I'm sorry, when I said "unbounded" I was talking in a practical sense. Very few banks are willing to undertake a venture in which there is a
very-low-probability risk of a failure that is only bounded by their
total asset pool.  Technically, you are correct, that is always the
practical bound.  From a bank's perspective, however, "enough to break
the bank" is a good working definition of "unbounded risk".  They like
their risk bounded at a slightly lower threshhold... :-)
Excerpts from mail.limbo: 6-Dec-95 Re: Geodesic Payment System.. "E.
ALLEN SMITH" (1656)
Basically, the criminal in this scenario has a choice between greed and
vandalism.  If he's motivated by greed, and he's clever, he'll push
things slowly in the inflationary direction, as you describe.  If he's a
vandal or terrorist at heart, however, he might get more satisfaction
out of generating the equivalent of overnight inflation at the
billion-percent level.  That's not a decaying monetary system, it's a
suddenly-collapsing monetary system.   The only difference between those
two scenarios is the quantity of bad money the criminal chooses to print
and distribute.  (Note that this is very different from physical
counterfeiting, where the logistics of actually feeding trillions of
dollars into the money supply are quite daunting, and make the
catastrophic-vandal scenario more or less impossible.)
Excerpts from mail.limbo: 6-Dec-95 Re: Geodesic Payment System.. Peter
Monta (892*)
There's a big difference between breaking the algorithm and stealing the keys.
To break a cryptographic algorithm requires either a revolutionary
mathematical discovery or the discovery of a subtle coding flaw.  The
former is in the supernova category, and the latter is probably in the
"major hurricane" category.  However, stealing the keys is a relatively
simple computer crime.  You break into a computer somewhere and steal
some information.  It only breaks a single bank, but that's enough to
satisfy most criminals.....  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-08 03:52:43
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: More FUD from First Virtual 
Excerpts from mail.limbo: 7-Dec-95 More FUD from First Virtual Douglas
Barnes (1157*)
It's Nathaniel, please.
succeed. This is utter nonsense.  If you check the cypherpunks archive, you'll
find that a year ago I was talking about how to make Digicash succeed as
a floating currency.  Several people within FV thought it was
inappropriate for me to be giving free advice to "competing" payment
systems, but I think there's room for plenty of payment systems on the
net, and that nobody is going to monopolize the market with a single
payment scheme.  If I didn't want anonymous cash to succeed, why would I
waste my time explaining alternate models (not previously under
discussion!) about how to make it succeed?
I *am* skeptical about the extent to which anonymous cash *can* succeed,
but in point of fact I'd like to help.  I think society will be better
off if one of the payment options is truly anonymous.  I think that
level of privacy will inevitably carry a high surcharge, however, for
reasons that I keep pointing out and you keep ignoring.
Sticks and stones may hurt my bones, but I do feel an obligation to
provide an explanation for anyone who hasn't been following Mr. Barnes'
rantings over the last year.  For reasons I really don't understand, Mr. Barnes seems to have a
personal vendetta against First Virtual. That's fine, it's his right. But there are some facts he prefers to ignore, in favor of spreading
misinformation and slurs:
1.  Our "backwards technology" includes what may be the world's most
sophisticated internet firewalls and email robots.  We were the first
people to connect the Internet to the financial networks (including,
indirectly, the Federal Reserve) and have operated the system for over a
year, with several breakin attempts every week, and nobody has even come
close to breaking in.  Internally, everyone in our company uses pgp
extremely heavily, and I suspect that if you go to more
"cryptography-oriented" companies you will NOT find that their CEO and
marketing people know how to use PGP.  They are, for the most part, all
talk and no action when it comes to cryptography.  We all use it every
day, even the non-technical people.  This has given us a lot of insights
into the strengths and weaknesses of cryptography in the hands of
non-technical people.
[FYI, newcomers to this discussion, it's sentences like the last one --
which imply that, horror of horrors, there are actually *weaknesses*
involved in the use of cryptography -- that Mr. Barnes refers to as
"bad-mouthing cryptography."   We call it common sense.]
2.  Our support for Phil Zimmermann is based on long-term friendship and
personal principles, and on the fact that our business relies critically
on PGP.  Phil is one of my personal heroes as far as network politics
are concerned.  He's also not the kind of person who would let himself
be used for publicity purposes, and he's totally uninhibited about
criticizing us when he disagrees with us.  (Just ask him!)  He's also
given us some advice on the use of PGP in the next-generation FV system,
which WILL use cryptography, but in a manner you don't expect, and with
more secure key management than you'll find in any existing or publicly
proposed payment system. Yes, you wrote this theoretical treatise and proposed it as a refutation
to some specific arguments about Digicash.  It wasn't relevant to the
digicash argument, at least at the time, so I didn't pay a lot of
attention.  But basically, what your argument comes down to is that in
the event of a catastrophe, users can be told they have to sacrifice
their anonymity if they want to keep their cash.  As I have said all
along, the basic tradeoff is between anonymity and risk limitation in
the event of disaster recovery.  If the digital bank can, at its
pleasure, tell you that your anonymity has been revoked unless you want
to just say goodbye to your money, then I think the anonymity was a sham
in the first place.  (Who's using fig leafs here?)  First Virtual
transactions are also generally untraceable unlesss First Virtual
decides (or is court-ordered) to trace them.  At least we're up front
about it and don't call that level of privacy "anonymity".  Your
solution to the problem -- that anonymous cash has infinite liability --
basically comes down to letting the bank make you stop being anonymous
whenever it chooses.  That's our solution, too.
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-09 06:40:42
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Geodesic Payment Systems? 
Excerpts from mail.nonpersonal: 8-Dec-95 Re: Geodesic Payment Systems?
Duncan Frissell (912*)
I think you're drawing a misleading analogy.  When I present e-cash to
the institution the underwrites the conversion from e-cash to "real
money", they have to decide if it's real or not.  If the e-cash is
anonymous, they are the *only* people on the line -- anonymous e-cash
doesn't carry history or say "this money is coming out of so-and-so's
account".  It is anonymous e-cash being converted to real money, and the
converting bank carries essentially all of the risk.
As far as the guarantees offered by digital signatures are concerned,
the whole point of my comments was to analyze the risks involved when
secret keys are compromised.  In this case, by definition, the digital
signatures are not very useful any more.
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-09 06:59:42
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: More FUD from First Virtual 
Excerpts from mail.nonpersonal: 8-Dec-95 Re: More FUD from First Vir..
jim bell (1033*)
Jon's right in identifying government as an entity that might try to
stop it, and might succeed to a frightening extent.  But they're not the
only ones.  Plenty of financial industry people and corporations have
similar motivations.  However, the real problem, I believe, is involved
in the technology of deploying and operating anonymous e-cash.
From a deployment standpoint, e-cash will be crippled if there are even
a few highly visible incidents in which the security of the system is
compromised, because it will scare the dickens out of whoever's doing
the conversion to real money (not to mention the users!).  Given that
the system is being built and administered by human beings, such
incidents are almost inevitable.  To put it simply:  anonymous e-cash is
a technological artifact that is designed in such a way as to create a
catastrophic failure scenario.  However low-probability such a scenario
is, I am a firm believer in Murphy's law:  what can go wrong will go
wrong.  The history of technology is overflowing with examples that
underscore this fact.
Now, people do effectively use technologies with low-probability
catastrophic risks, but they generally do so because of a compelling
motivation.  People strap themselves into the space shuttle because, in
exchage for the risk, they get to go into orbit, a pretty unusual
opportunity.  Many medical procedures bear catastrophic risks which
people endure in the hope of relief from pain or other ailments.  For a real-world example, I have an inner ear disorder that makes me
frequently dizzy.  There's an operation that would have about a 95%
chance of curing me, and a 5% chance of making me deaf.  As a musician,
I have no motivation to take this gamble.  Alan Shepherd had the same
inner ear disorder, but he wasn't a musician, and he needed to be cured
of the dizziness in order to fly an Apollo rocket to the moon.  He had
the surgery and flew to the moon.  If I had a chance to fly to the moon,
I might risk my hearing too, but absent that possibility I prefer the
dizziness.  The big question is what motivates people to accept risks.
The real open question about anonymous digital cash is whether people
will want it badly enough to bear that kind of risk.  My guess is that a
few people will, and that a few (even fewer) small banks will accept the
risk, so there will indeed be a niche in anonymous cash.  But I think
that for better or worse, most people and banks won't value anonymity so
highly as to incur a low-probability catastrophic risk, which I think is
inherent in anonymous cash.
The cost isn't the computation.  The cost comes primarily from the
efforts (both practical and actuarial) that will be made by the
underwriters to minimize and amortize their risk.  As Lloyds of London
has demonstrated, almost any risk can be undertaken at a high enough
Nathaniel Borenstein        | (Tense Hot Alien In Barn)
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings | VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON:
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq       |

@_date: 1995-12-10 05:58:01
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: More FUD from First Virtual 
I think Adam's already covered the red herring of key length.   You can
use 4-billion-bit keys and it won't help prevent an attack based on
stealing secret keys.
  What some people seem to miss is that, in the absence of hardware keys
(which I believe is the only workable long term solution for mass-market
cryptography), this sort of thing is just plain too easy.  If a Windows
cryptoprogram stores its secret keys in a known location, I can write a
Windows virus that flies through the net and steals zillions.  If the
program insists on making the users insert a floppy every time, the
program's perceived usability will go through the floor, and people will
find workarounds.  In any event, I could write a virus that sits in
front of the e-cash program and steals your keys when next you run the
e-cash program.  Software's just too easy to fool.  That's why I regard
the risk of catastrophe as being fairly large in software-based e-cash
Jim, I never denied that some banks would be willing to take the risk
(in fact, read my post, I said just the opposite).  What I said was that
the assumption of the risk would carry a significant underwriting cost,
which would be, in essence, the "cost of anonymity" when comparing
payment systems.  I'm saying that there will be a high underwriting cost for anonymous
cash, and that this will make it much more expensive than non-anonymous
payment systems.  To my mind, that's a discussion about quantity of
costs, not quality.  If you want me to give you numbers, I'm sorry, but
I can't -- I'm not a banker or an actuary, and a lot of leg work would
be required to come up with a precise number in any event.  If I were a
banker, however, I think I'd be too conservative to underwrite e-cash at
any price, and would suggest that you find a less risk-averse banker.

@_date: 1995-12-12 05:38:28
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Usability of Cryptography (was Re: More FUD from First Virtual) 
Excerpts from mail.nonpersonal: 11-Dec-95 Re: Usability of Cryptograp..
Bryce (6455)
Actually, this was something I was strongly considering doing as a major
new venture *until* Einar Stefferud introduced me to Lee Stein and we
realized that you could do payments without any cryptography at all. That, as you have seen, turned into a fairly major distraction.  I'd
still like to get back to usable crypto some day, however.
There are about a gazillion *easy* ways to make crypto software more
usable.  PGP is a *great* starting point in this regard, as almost any
user interface change is an improvement.  :-)
What's less obvious, and most critical, is how to map the complexities
of key management onto a usable interface.  What few ideas I have in
this regard are, well, ones I'd really like to productize some day,
which makes me a bit reluctant to suggest them publicly at this
point.....  I guess the one hint I'll drop is that the art of designing
good user interfaces usually comes down to choosing the right
abstractions or metaphors.
Nathaniel Borenstein  (FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON==>

@_date: 1996-01-30 05:06:20
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
[My apologies in advance if you see several copies of this message.  I
am posting this fairly widely due to the severity and importance of the
problem described.]
As you may already have heard via the popular press, First Virtual
Holdings has developed and demonstrated a program which completely
undermines the security of every known credit-card encryption mechanism
for Internet commerce.  This is a very serious matter, and we want to
make sure that the Internet community is properly informed about the
nature of the problem that we have uncovered, and the manner in which we
have made the information known.  In this (unavoidably lengthy) post, I
will try to explain the nature of the problem and its implications for
Internet commerce.  In deference to those who are not technically
oriented, the detailed explanation of how the attack works will be the
LAST part of this message.
First of all, let me be perfectly clear about the nature of the problem
we have exposed.  It is NOT a bug in a single program, and it is
therefore NOT something that can be fixed with a "patch" or any other
kind of software upgrade.  Instead, we have demonstrated a very general
attack that undermines ALL programs that ask users to type a credit card
number into their home computer.  We have tested the program and
confirmed that it undermines the security of the credit card encryption
software from Netscape and Cybercash, and we expect that it will work
similarly for ANY future software based on the encryption of credit card
numbers on the desktop.  Quite simply, we believe that this program
demonstrates a FATAL flaw in one whole approach to Internet commerce,
and that the use of software to encrypt credit card numbers can NEVER be
made safe.  For consumers, we recommend the following simple rule:
NEVER TYPE YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER INTO A COMPUTER.
We should also be clear about the Internet commerce mechanisms that are
NOT affected by this problem.  First Virtual is unaffected because we
never ask the user to put a credit card number at risk by typing it into
a computer.  Hardware-based solutions can also be devised that are
immune to this attack, including solutions based on smart cards and
solutions based on "card swipe" machines in the home.  We believe that
current digital cash solutions are also not vulnerable to this attack,
although some variants of digital cash may be vulnerable to a similar
form of attack.  Commerce mechanisms based on the use of telephones or
fax machines to transmit credit card numbers are also unaffected by this
kind of attack.  Other proposed commerce mechanisms should, from now on,
be evaluated with this kind of attack in mind.  The bottom line: INTERNET COMMERCE CAN BE VERY SAFE, WITH SEVERAL DIFFERENT MECHANISMS,
BUT ENCRYPTING CREDIT CARDS ON THE DESKTOP IS NOT ONE OF THE SAFE
It's important to understand why we have taken this step.  Obviously, as
the long-time leaders in Internet commerce, the last thing we would want
to do is to undermine general confidence in Internet commerce.  However,
we realized that many people believed that credit card encryption was a
safe and easy path to Internet commerce, and that very few people
understood how easily it could be undermined.  Upon investigation, we
were frankly startled to realize just how easy it was -- a single
programmer got the first version of our program running in about a week.
 Aside from our obvious interest in promoting our own commerce
mechanism, we felt that we had an ethical obligation to bring this
problem to the attention of the consumers, banks, and other financial
institutions who could conceivably suffer catastrophic losses if
software encryption of credit card numbers became widespread.
We also realize that we have an obligation to do everything possible to
avoid helping any unscrupulous people who might seek to utilize this
flaw for malicious purposes.  We have accordingly been extremely
responsible in how we have handled our discovery.  We first demonstrated
and explained our program to vital organizations such as CERT (the
Computer Emergency Response Team) and the ABA (American Banking
Association).  Only after many such private disclosures, none of which
revealed any defense against our technique, did we publicly disclose the
existence of this program.
In addition, we have taken several steps to "cripple" our demonstration
program, all of which will be discussed below.    Furthermore, we have
NOT made the program itself generally available.  We are currently
demonstrating it to selected financial institutions and government
agencies, and will provide copies of the program only to CERT and a few
other independent security-minded organizations.  We have also alerted
Netscape to the problem as part of their "bugs bounty" program.  At some
future date, we might conceivably distribute the program, in binary form
on CD ROM, to selected financial institutions.  The source code will
always be very closely guarded.  Unfortunately, however, the general
method of attack is extremely easy to duplicate, and we don't know of
any good way to alert the public to the problem without explaining it.
THE TECHNIQUE
Our basic approach was to write a computer program that runs undetected
while it monitors your  computer system. A sophisticated version of such
a program can intercept and analyze every  keystroke, mouse-click, and
even messages sent to your screen, but all we needed was the keystrokes.
Selectively intercepted information can be immediately and secretly
transmitted via  Internet protocols, or stored for later use.  First Virtual's research team has built and demonstrated a particular
implementation of such a program, which only watches for credit card
numbers.  Whenever you type a credit card number into your computer --
even if you are talking to "secure" encryption software -- it captures
your card number.  Our program doesn't do anything harmful with your
credit card number, but merely announces that it has captured it.  A
malicious program of this type could quietly transmit your credit card
number to criminals without your knowledge.
The underlying problem is that the desktop -- the consumer's computer --
is not secure.  There is no way of ensuring that all software installed
on the consumer's machine can be trusted.  Given this fact, it is unwise
to trust ANY software such as a "secure" browser, because malicious
software could have easily been interposed between the user and the
trusted software.  The bottom line for consumers is that, on personal computers,
INFORMATION IS INSECURE THE MOMENT YOU TOUCH A KEY.  We  have
dramatically proven that security  ends the moment you type sensitive
information into your computer. The vulnerability lies in the fact that
information must travel from your  keyboard, into your computer's
operating system, and then to your "secure" application. It can be
easily intercepted along the way.
This kind of insecurity is very frightening, and has implications far
beyond credit card theft.  However, credit cards embody and demonstrate
the kind of information that is MOST vulnerable to this kind of attack. Credit card numbers are far more vulnerable to this kind of attack than
most other forms of information because of the following particular
characteristics of credit card numbers:

@_date: 1996-01-30 20:38:22
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: CONTEST:  Name That Program! 
As you may have read in my previous message, First Virtual has developed
and demonstrated a program that completely undermines all known schemes
for using software-encrypted credit cards on the Internet.  More details
are avialable at That was the easy part.
The hard part, it turns out, is deciding what to call this program. We've kicked around a variety of names:
    -- Card Shark
        (because we call the general kind of program a "shark")
    -- Four Solutions
        (because we believe that FV is one of four known approaches          to Internet commerce which avoid this attack)
    -- Predator
        (because a program like this is scary to think about!)
    -- Pickpocket
        (because that's vaguely analogous to what it does)
    -- Snoopy
        (because we thought it was cute)
    -- CyberCrash
        (no special reason, it just had a nice ring to it)
In the end, we just couldn't decide.  But we knew it needed a name, so
we've decided to leave it up to the citizens of the Internet.  For that
reason, we're sponsoring a contest.  We invite you to send your vote "nameit  First Virtual will
have sole discretion in selecting a winning name.  If we select a name
that is submitted by someone on the net, the FIRST person to submit it
will be the winner.  If we select one of the names given above, we will
select at random from all the people who "vote" for that name.
The winner will receive $1000 (US).  Yes, we're really paying $1000 for
the winning name!  (If you have or want a First Virtual seller's
account, we'll pay you through First Virtual, otherwise we'll mail you a
check.)  Twenty-five runners-up will be selected to receive First
Virtual sweatshirts and other memorabilia.
CONTEST RULES:  All entries must be received by email to nameit
on or before February 14, 1996.  Please include all of the following:
CONTEST DEADLINE:  February 14, 1996
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-30 19:16:13
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. "W.
Kinney" (381*)
I trust you've seen by now that we made no claim to have discovered
keyboard sniffers.  Please read our claims more carefully, and I'd be
delighted to discuss them rationally.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1996-01-30 11:30:57
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Matts
Kallioniemi (710*)
No need to do it as a virus, unless you count "social attacks" as
viruses.  The IBM Christmas Exec came as plain text email that
*persuaded* the reader to run it.  The average consumer is easily
fooled. "Download this neat program that does X, Y, and Z."  If it
really does those things, you need never suspect that it also planted a
keyboard sniffer.
If your idea of "today's computer users" comes from cypherpunks, you're
living in a dream world.  FV's experience with average Internet users
includes some who ask us not to use complicated "technical terms" like
"cut and paste".  They certainly can't be counted on to know which
software to download and which to avoid.
I'm kind of surprised that nobody on this list has realized that this
attack is actually a very good argument for digital cash.  FV is by no
means the only technology that can be made immune to this kind of
attack.  It's just that software encryption of credit card numbers is an
amazingly vulnerable technology.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1996-01-30 17:25:16
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. "Peter
Trei" (1233)
There are many ways to spread it besides a virus.  Zillions of 'em.  And
there are totally anonymous ways to redistribute it, some of which I've
never seen described publicly, which is why they were left unspecified.
Do you have my key in your key ring?  I rather  doubt it.  So what good
would it have done?  Have you downloaded my key from the net?  Assume that you have.  How do
you know it's mine?
I use PGP about 20 times per day.  I use it in a manner that is
*meaningful*.  Unless we have in some way or another verified each
others' keys, it is meaningless for me to sign a message to you. Putting a PGP signature on a message to someone who has no way of
verifying your keys is a nice political statement, but is utterly
meaningless in terms of adding any proof of the sender's identity.  --
PS -- On the off chance that anyone really doubts this is me, I will
shortly send cypherpunks a message that has my own voice AND a PGP
signature thereupon.  That way, you can check my identity if you either
recognize my voice OR have verified my fingerprint.  Sheesh.  -- NB

@_date: 1996-01-30 11:07:55
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Peter
Monta (651*)
It's the potential for large-scale automated untraceable attack.
When you can give me a cheap device that can be planted in the wall,
listen to everything you say, and just spit out the credit card numbers,
then I'll start to be worried about speaking it.  Until then, what we've just unveiled has no audio parallel.  -- NB
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-30 14:33:00
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Your mail to Nathaniel (was Re: Re: Signature use and key trust (Was: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit)) 
Hello.  I am Nathaniel Borenstein's automatic mail robot.  It is IMPORTANT
that you read this message, if you haven't read it before.  In general, this message will only be sent once to each different email address, although you may get it a few times because you use several slightly different email addresses, or because the robotic message has changed.
Your message is in the highest priority category of mail that was not sent
through the "urgent backdoor".  Nathaniel WILL READ YOUR MAIL SOON, most likely tomorrow morning.
THE "URGENT BACKDOOR":  If your message absolutely cannot wait until tomorrow morning, or possibly a bit later, please re-send it to the address "nsb+urgent  Please make note of the special urgent address for future reference.  Be warned, however, that Nathaniel can tell me to override the "urgent" delivery for anyone who regularly abuses it.
Additionally, if you're someone he doesn't know, Nathaniel will NOT ANSWER your mail if the answer is contained in the NSB FAQ.  The NSB FAQ contains answers to a lot of the questions that people most frequently ask Nathaniel, including questions about getting Nathaniel as a speaker, and relatively basic questions about First Virtual, MIME, metamail, Safe-Tcl,  ATOMICMAIL, Andrew, and the ULPAA conference.  If you're writing to ask about any of those, please read the NSB FAQ because Nathaniel WILL NOT REPLY
if your answer is in there.  You can get a copy of the NSB FAQ by sending mail to nsb+faq
Nathaniel insists that I apologize to you for being what I am, a mail robot.  Personally, I think being a robot is nothing to be ashamed of -- but then, that's what Nathaniel wants me to think, and I am so stupid that I don't mind.  But Nathaniel still feels bad about sending a robotic response to human beings who correspond with him.  When you get 600 messages per day, however, you have to take drastic measures, and that's what Nathaniel has done.  Please don't be too hard on him, or I'm afraid he'll get rid of the surge suppressor on his computer.  Even robots can have phobias, you know, and for some reason Nathaniel wants me to be deathly afraid of power surges.  Please humor me and remember the nsb+urgent and nsb+faq addresses that I gave you, OK?  Thanks.      -- Nathaniel's robot (just trying to do its job)
Reply-To: cypherpunks (Cypherpunks Mailing List)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
For all intents and purposes so far, "Nathaniel Borenstein" is something that
occasionally sends mail to the cypherpunks list, apparently from nsb.fv.com.
I expect that NSB turns out to consist of more than that, but not in my own
experience. This entity persistently offers a public key from an email address
 If I retrieved the key from that address, I would have a
reasonable expectation (though not assurance) that I could use it to verify
the integrity of signed messages emanating from that address. In my world, "you" == nsb and hence "your key" == the key I could
fetch from nsb+faq
I discussed the identity issue above. Assuming a corresponding key can be
found (which is clearly the case here), the signature on the message can be
verified as a MAC. It would have been nice to be able to check, for example, that the SHOUTING IN CAPS in your announcement wasn't just the result of some
manipulation of the message in transit to make it appear more hysterical.
FWIW, I have lost a great deal of respect for you today (unrelated to the
content of this message).
Futplex

@_date: 1996-01-31 23:50:43
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Apology and clarification 
First of all, I believe that I owe the cypherpunk community an apology
for an error in judgement on my part.  The message that I sent out
yesterday regarding our demonstrations of a newly-discovered security
threat was the exact same text that I  sent to a  far less technical
audience.  As such, I understand that many people on this list found the
tone of my message to be insulting and offensive.  I apologize, and I
certainly didn't mean to insult anyone's intelligence.  Having said that, please cut me a break.  If you read my message as
saying "FV has just invented keystroke sniffing" you've completely
missed the real attack here.  If you really think I'd throw away my
reputation on a bogus claim like that, you're insulting *my*
intelligence.   My (charitable?) take on it is that a lot of people were
so put off by the tone of my mass-market message that they leapt to the
quick but erroneous conclusion that there was no underlying content. There is.
The threat is NOT from keystroke sniffing per se, and we're certainly
not claiming to have invented keystroke sniffing.  However, we do have
to *explain* keystroke sniffing in the public announcement, because it
is a *part* of our attack, and most of the public does NOT already know
that it's possible.
What we at FV have done is to demonstrate how easy it is to develop an
FULLY AUTOMATED attack that undermines the security of all
software-based credit card commerce schemes.  It is the automated aspect
that separates it from all of the "dumpster-diving" attacks on credit
card numbers which have previously been widely discussed, because it
provides a path to large-scale fraud that has never been publicly
discussed before, to my knowledge.  The key "invention" in our approach
is to integrate several techniques that are already well-known (in this
community) into an automated attack that we consider to be devastating
to commerce systems based on software-encrypted credit cards.
Our approach combines the following four known problems into a fatal attack:
When you put all four of these together, you have an attack that IS new,
in the sense that nobody we know of has ever mentioned it before, and
which could in fact be used by a single criminal, with only a few weeks
of programming, to tracelessly steal MILLIONS of credit cards, if
software-encrypted credit-card schemes ever caught on.
This is a very real threat.  If you think we're just re-hashing keyboard
sniffers, you haven't yet understood what we're demonstrating.  The real
threat is the traceless theft of millions of credit card numbers by a
single easily mounted automated attack.
So here's the factual claim, to be proven or disproven:  One good
programmer, in less than a month, can write a program that will spread
itself around the net, collect an unlimited number of credit card
numbers, and get them back to the program's author by non-traceable
mechanisms.  Does anyone on this list doubt that this is true?  If so,
I'd like to know the flaw in my thinking, -- I am *not* too proud to
withdraw any claims that aren't true.  If not, I think it's worth noting
that this fact was previously completely unknown to the bankers and
businessmen who are putting large sums of money at risk on the net.  The
only way to get the message to those communities is with a very visible
public announcement of the kind you saw yesterday.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 23:45:28
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Rich
Salz (1188)
I certainly don't trust the telephone not to be tapped on an individual basis.
I used to trust the telephone not to be tapped in a selective way based
on keyword recognition, but in recent years, with the improvement in
voice recognition technology, I have stopped trusting it that way, and I
know plenty of other people have too -- if you say "NSA" into a cellular
call, you are probably inviting an eavesdropper.
The Internet environment is EVEN LESS trustable.  Installing the kind of
general phone tap I just mentioned is very hard to do, and requires a
level of access that is almost impossible unless you're the phone
company or the government.  The level of software needed to recognize
spoken keywords is quite sophisticated.  On the Internet, almost anyone
can tap data streams, and almost anyone can install keyboard sniffers on
user machines, and the level of software needed to recognize keywords in
ASCII is very simple.  The risk models are very different.
Similarly, we trust the postal service and certain uses of email not to
be free of any insecurities, but to be hard to defeat in a large scale
automated way.  That kind of statistical risk is the foundation of the
security of the credit card system -- not perfect security, but bounding
of individual risks and preclusion of large-scale attacks.
I have no idea what you're talking about here.  I *really* have no idea what you're talking about here.  There are two
ideas here that strike me as delusional: that you invented safe-tcl and
that safe-tcl made FV possible.  To the best of my knowledge, neither of
these is true.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-30 18:41:06
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Ed
Carp (6730*)
Actually, the Mac port is now complete.  A UNIX port would be pretty
trivial too.
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 23:48:45
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Weld
Pond (1606*)
Yes, this is a good point, and is one of the approaches we thought of
for defeating this attack.  But bear in mind that our current attack is
targeted against the current input method -- keystrokes.   Any fixed
input method is vulnerable to a similar attack.  For instance:
If any particular program for doing this came into widespread use, we
could engineer an attack, similar to our keystroke attack, based on the
specific properties of the approach used.  For example, changing the
fonts is a good idea -- I had thought of that -- but if you put the
numerals in boxes in the same relative positions each time, we can find
that.  Ultimately, if you really want commerce to work for hundreds of
millions of people, there will need to be a standard interface, and if
it makes the inputting of credit card numbers too regular, it can easily
be attacked.  If it makes it too irregular, consumers will probably
rebel against it as "too hard to use".  I haven't seen a good middle
ground yet.  Credit card numbers are so regular that the only way to
hide their input is with a very irregular interface, which consumers are
likely to hate.
I've actually used one site that takes a similar approach.  Very painful
to use, which illustrates my point about the tradeoff.  More generally,
the tradeoff between security and usability shows up in many other
places, it's just particularly acute and important when it comes to the
entry of credit card numbers.  -- Nathanel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-30 19:42:59
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Rich
Salz (255)
Yes, zillions, although I'm not using that as a technical term.
Sure thing, always glad to clarify my claims.
1. (my current favorite) post it to MSN.  There, Microsoft has made
getting infected with a Trojan Horse as easy as clicking on an icon
embedded in a mail or news message.  (You want to try convincing the
average consumer that it isn't safe, if Microsoft makes it that easy?)
2.  Get the sources to a public domain image viewer.  Change them
slightly.  Claim that you've improved it by 13.7%.  Post your improved
(and infected) image viewer to the net.
3.  Ditto for an audio viewer, a mail reader, a news reader,.... (zillions right there alone)
4.  Imitate the IBM Christmas exec.  Break into someone's site and steal
their mail aliases file.  Now send mail to everyone on their alias list,
pretending to be them, offering them a cute animation program they can
install.  The animation will happen, but it will also send mail to all
THEIR aliases (like the Christmas exec) and (unlike that) install our
malicious snooping software.
5.  Write a genuinely useful program (or a game) of your own, but embed
your attack in it.  (Caution:  Being the real author will increase your
6.  Write a pornographic screen saver.  Not only will zillions of people
download it, but they will EXPECT the code to watch keystrokes.
7.  [*maybe*] Spread it by Java applet.  This is a maybe because the
level of Java security seems to be browser-discretionary.  Even a
relatively conservative let-the-user-choose approach like Netscape's,
however, can be defeated with a little social engineering, as in "this
is a really cool Java applet to do XYZ, but you'll have to set
Netscape's Java security level to minimum to run it....."
8.  Internet-based breakin/installations, e.g. to NT or anything else
that runs incoming services.
9.  Traditional virus techniques.
Oh, you only asked for 6, sorry.....  Feel free to ignore a few.
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-30 21:55:21
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Eric
Hughes (1441)
It's a pity, Eric, that before coming down off the mountain, you didn't
stop to understand the real attack we're outlining.  I expected that
even if you didn't like what we were doing, you'd take the time to
understand it rather than embarass yourself.
The fact that PC's don't have perfect integrity is only *one* of the
four known vulnerabilities -- keyboard sniffing being another -- that we
have combined into a comprehensive, devastating attack that has never
been publicly mentioned before.
I've already written it.  So what?  Stealing or forging a single
transaction is EASY in almost ANY commerce system ever invented.    The
flaw we've uncovered in encrypted credit cards allows a single criminal
to automate the theft of millions of card numbers.  That's a very
different story.
Not only do I know it, I ***SAID*** it.  It's painfully obvious that you
didn't read our announcements very carefully, so I'll excerpt the
relevant paragraph:
The issue is definitely not encryption.  The issue is that credit card
numbers are self-identifying one-way payment instruments, and there's no
way to make such instruments safe to use on insecure consumer computing
platforms.  The only reason that encryption even enters the discussion
is that there are OTHER parties who are claiming that their software
encryption products make such payment instruments safe.  They don't. That's all we're pointing out.
has to deal with.  Yes.  But the BIGGEST risk that an Internet payments provider has to
deal with is the threat of large-scale, systematic, automated fraud. And *that* is the hole we have just blown in the
software-encryption-of-credit-card schemes, and which you clearly didn't
take the time to understand.
Well, I think our financial industry partners will take our "clueless"
level of risk management any day.  We have fraud and chargeback rates so
low that they're scarcely believeable, because nearly all fraud AND
dissatisfied customers are caught by the email loop and never make it
into the credit card system in the first place.  Our acquiring bank
thinks that's pretty neat, I think.  In fact, it's worth noting that
after being our acquiring bank for over a year of live operation, and
having the most inside information possible about how our system works,
First USA Bank (one of the nation's largest credit card banks) made a
large equity investment in us last month.  Do you really think they
didn't do any risk analysis? -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-30 23:26:27
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV's Borenstein discovers keystroke capture programs! (pictures at 11!) 
the telephone is more secure on average than a keyboard.
We have a few pages of C code that scan everything you type on a
keyboard, and selects only the credit card numbers.  How easy is that to
do with credit card numbers spoken over a telephone?
The key is large-scale automated attacks, not one-time interceptions.
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-30 23:45:13
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. "Paul M.
Cardon" (986*)
No, they've pointed out flaws in the claim that FV has just invented
keyboard sniffers.  That's not our argument at all, it's a strawman.
I would never speak for the people at CERT, but if they had told us the
threat wasn't real, we certainly wouldn't be claiming that it was.  We
went to CERT first for two reasons:  to be responsible with the new
threat we had uncovered, and to do a sanity check on its importance.
Having said that, I'm quite sure that you won't see a CERT advisory,
because we haven't released the program, it doesn't threaten anyone, and
there aren't any patches you can download to fix the problem.  It's not
something within their mandate to issue advisories about.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 00:19:38
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV's Borenstein discovers keystroke capture programs! (pictures at 11!) 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV's Borenstein discove.. Jeremy
Mineweaser (1692*)
Nope, afraid not.  We keep the credit card numbers on a non-Internet
computer.  The only communication between it and the Internet world is a
proprietary *batch* protocol.  If you break through multiple firewalls
to our most secure Internet machine, then you can begin
reverse-engineering the batch protocol, and even then, there's nothing
in the protocol that will send credit card numbers back over.  As to how the credit card numbers are entered:  they are entered at
account setup time via a telephone call.  Yes, telephones can be tapped,
but it's really hard to set up an automated attack that taps all the
phone calls and retrieves all the credit card numbers.  Moreover,
eventually we hope to have the credit card numbers downloaded directly
from the credit card issuing banks, thus elminating even the telephone
Believe me, we've thought a LOT about this.  Please check out our
academic paper on our first year of operation, which you can find at
 -- I think it will answer a lot
of your questions.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 00:38:41
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Signature use and key trust (Was: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit) 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: Signature use and key t..
Futplex (2183*)
Right, absolutely.  But let's face it, by now you believe it's me
anyway, or the real nsb would have spoken up and argued with
me.  On the other hand,  if I start routinely PGP-signing email, then
the value of slowly brute-force cracking my private key goes way up.  If
FV is successful, for example, you could spend a few years breaking my
key, and then forge apparently-slanderous signed mail from me to you as
part of a lawsuit.  This would be far more believable, in a court of
law, if I routinely signed everything than if I didn't.  I don't routinely sign things because I think it is asking for problems
with retrospective forgery down the road.  I might, however, consider
routinely signing things once I can easily incorporate a digital
timestamping service like the one from Surety into my signature.
I sincerely hope that you will gain it back when you realize that not
all "hype" is without substance, and that we really have unveiled a
genuine, previously-unrecognized, and extremely important flaw in
commercial mechanims that purport to offer security through the software
encryption of credit card numbers.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 00:59:16
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Jamie
Zawinski (473*)
Actually, I'm pretty sure it was Eric Hughes who said something like
(apologies if I'm misquoting or misremembering) "The most profitable
course of action, for a person who discovers a security hole, is almost
always to keep quiet about it."  It's very easy to see how a criminal
can make money with this approach, but it's much harder to see how a
legitimate business could do so.  We did what we thought was the
responsible thing, and tried to describe it in terms that were also in
our business interest.
Now, if I figure out how to really *solve* this problem, that would be
worth patenting.... :-) -- NB
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 02:00:25
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 30-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Andreas
Bogk (2677)
Nothing at all.  But it's still not an automated mass-scale attack,
because that's only one piece of the mechanism (which we spell out) for
breaking FV.  The essence of FV's security is that we don't believe that
there's any single bit of technology or magic (cryptographic or
otherwise) that provides security, and that real security comes from a
series of complex defenses.  This approach is particularly good at
discouraging automated attacks.
Moreover, this attack is almost guaranteed to leave traces and be
detected within a single billing cycle.  Once the credit card bill comes
in, the patch in Eudora/Netscape will be discovered, and people will
start looking for its source.  In contrast, the scheme I have outlined
steals credit card numbers without any connection to the point of theft,
which in practice will mean that the attack will go undiagnosed and
without countermeasures for a lot longer, because there will be no
obvious correlation to the Internet as a point of theft.
Typically, they flow over the web, where there's no email address
present.  You need traffic analysis.  Just makes it harder to automate,
that's all.
We're very proud of it because it's the competition.
That included the user interface and a number of precautionary
mechanisms, with very careful coding to make sure that there weren't
hidden problems that would bite us.  The engineer who wrote it is very
good, but I also know that several people have since duplicated the
basic mechanism in a day or two.
Right.  And the key, as I keep saying, is automation.  You have to
defend against an automated attack.
Actually, one of your methods is very close to my preferred method, but
there are still some better wrinkles possible.  I prefer to leave them
as an exercise for the reader -- my academic background, I guess.  :-)   -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 01:59:04
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: More FUD from the Luddites at FV [pt. 2] 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 More FUD from the Luddites .. Douglas
Barnes (3569*)
For the consumer, absolutely.
For the bank, having millions of credit cards compromised by a single
attacker is a more serious risk.
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 13:02:31
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Authentication of crypto clients 
Excerpts from mail: 30-Jan-96 Re: Authentication of crypt.. Adam
Shostack (4311*)
Yeah, the flaws are pretty bad.  We tried this approach in "active mail"
systems back in the early-to-mid-1980's.  The user was asked to assess
his trust level for the email-received code that was trying to run.  The
problem we found was that even relatively sophisticated users were very
quick to be fooled into believing that the "From" address was
legitimate.  Similarly, I suspect that if I named my keyboard scanner
"Windows 95", most people would probably be fooled, and the fact that
your API asked the question would only make the user feel MORE secure
about saying "yes".....
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 02:33:40
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: The FV Problem = A Press Problem 
Excerpts from mail: 30-Jan-96 The FV Problem = A Press Pr.. Timothy C.
May (2439*)
FYI, you've got the order of events completely backwards.  We haven't
yet even written a press release, actually, though we're likely to do so
shortly.  The first news was Simson's story.  We wanted to make sure
that the first reporter was sophisticated enough to understand the
story, and Simson (as the author of "Practical UNIX Security" certainly
qualifies.)  Simson's story appeared on the Web and AOL, which prompted
my statement in response to that story.  -- NB
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 02:36:20
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: short FV question 
Excerpts from junk.interesting: 29-Jan-96 short FV question Simon
Spero (211*)
I don't *think* so.  As I understand it, Dragon Dictate works by feeding
things into the keyboard queue.   -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-31 03:20:21
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: CONTEST: Name That Program! 
Excerpts from mail: 30-Jan-96 Re: CONTEST: Name That Pro.. David
Mazieres (1274)
And you have terrible manners.  Guess what?  I don't care whether or not I can get onto your machine,
because I undermine the overall scheme statistically.  That's because if
I were a criminal, I would be perfectly sanguine about the fact that the
average consumer doesn't have a clue how to protect himself from
untrusted programs such as this.  In fact, I'd settle for getting onto
10% of the machines, although I suspect I could get onto more like 80%
without raising a sweat.  Yes, David, your personal credit card is safe,
because you're a cypherpunk wizard.  For that matter, mine is safe too. But Grandma's isn't.
Case closed.  Your argument would hold a lot more weight if you could
convince me that the average Internet consumer was going to rebuild his
UNIX kernel every few weeks.  Internet commerce is targeting the masses
of people for whom "cut and paste" is still a technical term.
This is one of the most outrageous statements I can imagine.  Our
protocols have been published, both in summary and in excruciating
detail, for over a year.  They've been scrutinized by all sorts of
people in the financial industry, most of whom immediately turned around
and asked if we were looking for investors.  Just because you're too
lazy to read them (or probably even to go to our web site to look at
them), you assume that you can rip them to shreds.  I'm very impressed. Here's an equally meaningful counterclaim:  "I've never met you in
person and have no idea what you look like, but I'm sure that I'm better
looking than you are."  (And for the record, because our security isn't
based on mathematical/cryptographic assurances, but rather on systemic
checks and balances, mathematical notation is pretty darned useless.)
But anyway, there's no need for you to stop being lazy in order to "rip
them to shreds".  We are happy to tell you (in
 EXACTLY how to break our
security, and why the kind of attack to which we are vulnerable doesn't
matter nearly as much as the vulnerability we've exposed in the software
encryption of credit cards.  What we're trying to do, with our most
recent announcements, is hold the competing systems to the same standard
of full-disclosure-of-risks that we've held ourselves to all along. - -
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-02 02:20:30
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F..
zinc (1368*)
It's considerably more than that.  Please read on.
Yes, but I think you've missed the main point, probably because we
haven't made it clear enough.  What's unique about credit card numbers
is that they're very small amounts of data, self-identifying, and of
direct financial value as a one-way financial instrument (i.e. with no
confirmation process).  The attack we've outlined -- and partially demonstrated -- is based on
the combination of several known flaws:
We don't claim to have "discovered" any of these flaws.  However, when
you combine these known flaws, you have something new:  a plan for
stealing MILLIONS of credit card numbers without a trace.  That's the
new threat, and we think it's very real.
The other kinds of information you mention are certainly all vulnerable
to keyboard-sniffer attacks.  But the unique aspects of credit card
numbers make them particularly vulnerable to large scale automated theft
by this kind of attack.  I don't know of any other kind of sensitive
information that is as easily recognized and as worthwhile to steal.  Do
You're right, and I feel very bad about the fact that the article in the
Merc made it sound like this was specifically targeting Netscape.  While
it's true that we submitted this to Netscape's "bugs bounty" program --
which is probably what created the Netscape angle in the story -- we
really weren't targeting Netscape at all.  We consider this flaw to be a
very serious "design bug" in the whole
software-encryption-of-credit-cards approach to Internet commerce. Netscape is just one of several companies that have gone down this path,
but we think it's a very dangerous path, and one that Netscape, as a
vendor of web browsers and servers, can do quite well without.
it's a malicious program.  No, ours is a demonstration program, not a malicious program.  Our
program never installs itself automatically, always puts up an icon when
it's running, never does anything bad when it intecepts your credit card
number, and is easy to un-install.  However, it demonstrates a technique
that could be used by a malicious program to do some very nasty things.
through your phone lines when you're online.
This is fine for you & me.  But Internet commerce has to work for the
hundreds of millions of non-technical consumers who are swarming onto
the Internet.  If someone emails them a program that purports to show
them pretty pictures (dirty movies?) for free, how many of them will
stop to try to make sure that this program isn't going to do something
malicious in the process?  The bottom line is that the consumer platform
is never going to be a very safe place, so commerce mechanisms shouldn't
assume that it is.  We may not like that fact, but it's true
nonetheless.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1996-02-01 10:34:07
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV's Borenstein discovers keystroke capture programs! (pictures at 11!) 
Well, the mis-conceptions are flying fast and furious.
1.  I didn't write the program.
2.  It has nothing to do with viruses.  No current virus protection
program will ever detect this thing, and if you write a program that
detects one instantiation of the attack, the program can be easily
changed to require a new "detector" program.  This means you can only
protect against the last attack, not the next one.
You're twisting our words.  We believe it is a truly fatal flaw in those
internet commerce schemes that are based on software encryption of
credit card numbers.  There are several schemes for Internet commerce
that are unaffected:
We say this VERY EXPLICITLY in our web pages. We are NOT saying we have
the only safe approach.  We have one of four safe approaches that we
know of.  But software encryption of credit card numbers is so easy to
circumvent that it is, in practice, useless.  (The only threat it really
protects against is network-based sniffers, which are harder to write
and more traceable than the attack we have just outlined.)
Agreed 100%.  I never claimed otherwise.  It does, however, emphasize
the *limits* to the security provided by cryptography, something that
cypherpunks are well aware of but that the general public is not aware
of.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1996-02-02 00:12:57
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F..
zinc (3361*)
Yeah, but the real payoff is in the automated theft of items of value,
such as credit cards.  Since that's the real payoff for criminals, it's
also one of the biggest practical risks to watch for.
That's why we've used terms like "fatal flaw" that have led to charges
of overinflated rhetoric, but the truth is that THERE IS NO GENERAL WAY
TO PREVENT THIS.  Our program only uses standard OS hooks.  There's no
way to distinguish a general program of this type from a legitimate
screen saver, keyboard macro package, etc.  We could easily write a
program that detects our demonstration program, but would good would
that do?  It wouldn't detect a malicious program using a similar
approach.  You can detect the last known attack, but not the next attack.
That's why we say it is a fatal flaw for software-encrypted credit card
numbers.  I believe it truly is.
Do you really believe that the average Internet consumer can be trained
never to download any software before performing such checks?  Do you
really believe that the average Internet consumer can be trained in the
proper management of his crypto keys that will make such a check
With nearly 100,000 paying customers, we're seeing first-hand what the
average Internet consumer is like.  We have seen customers who complain
(seriously!) that they get so lost in our web pages that they have to
reboot their machines.  You want to explain key management to these
I'm very big on PGP signatures.  In fact, the next major change
scheduled in our commerce system functionality will be the addition of
PGP signatures to the messages that FV sends to its merchants, which are
A) the ones most worth forging, B) sent to merchants, who are more
likely to be able to check them properly than consumers, and C)
dependent on the integrity of only one party's keys (FV's), which will
be changed VERY frequently.
I don't think that a software repository site of the kind you mention
will provide enough security to make credit cards on the desktop safe. It will certainly, however, make the people who use it safer than they
would be without it.  Having said that, I will that add we'd *love* to
help set up a site like that, but we don't have deep pockets to simply
fund it ourselves (yet).  We'd be very interested in working with
others, signing keys, providing some expertise, and so on.  What you're
really talking about here is an "underwriters lab" of the net.  The big
question is: who will pay for it?  My guess is that you really have to
end up having people subscribe to the site, and they'll need a safe way
to pay for it.  That's what we've been working on all along.    --

@_date: 1996-02-01 00:54:05
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. Jonathan
Rochkind (3157*)
No, what it marks is a growing understanding.  When I said that, over a
year ago, I still thought that software encryption of credit card
numbers could be a workable solution.  I no longer do, based primarily
on my very recent realization that we could mount a multi-stage fully
automated attack on such systems.
This is wrong on two main counts:  the ID's are harder to find than
credit cards, and they're not as directly useful as credit cards.  These
two facts combine to make the attack more or less irrelevant to FV.
First of all, the Virtual PIN (FV-ID) is much harder to extract from a
large data stream because it is arbitrary text, unlike credit card
numbers, which are self-identifying.
Second, a Virtual PIN is not a one-way payment instrument, like a credit
card.  To use FV to buy something on your credit card, you need to
combine the theft of a Virtual PIN with the compromise of the buyer's
email account, for confirming transactions.  We all know this can be
done -- we actually even spell out how to do it in our paper, "Perils
and Pitfalls of Practical CyberCommerce" -- but it is very hard to
combine these steps on the large scale that would be needed to mount an
automated attack, which is the most serious threat to the credit card
I hope that I jut did.  My guess is that you didn't understand the email
confirmation that is required for every purchase in the FV system.  For
more information, please see our web pages at   --
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-01 00:52:11
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credi t Cards 
Excerpts from mail: 29-Jan-96 RE: FV Demonstrates Fatal F.. David Van
Wie (764)
And most of the fraud detection is premised on the fact that once a
criminal steals a card number, he'll use it several times.  That's why
an automated attack of the kind we've outlined is so dangerous -- a
clever criminal will use each stolen number only once, thus making
himself far harder to trace.
Actually, you're wrong here too.  It is the banks, not the credit card
companies, that carry the risk.  If, for example, Visa defines a
standard for encrypted credit card numbers, and it turns out to be
fatally flawed, it is the banks that will lose their shirts.  This may
not seem like an important distinction to you, but I assure you that it
is important to bankers.
My reputation in the technical community, I assume, will stand or fall
based on the validity of my technical claims, not on the knee-jerk
reactions of people who don't even read the announcement thoroughly
enough to understand the technique we have revealed.  I have not yet
heard anything that makes me think that my claim is untrue.  We have
revealed the first known strategy for an Internet-based large-scale
automated attack on the credit card system.  I think that's a real
threat.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-01 08:51:38
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Flaw in Netscape rejoinder (was Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards) 
I'm way behind on my email, but someone suggested privately that I
should respond to Jeff's mail, so I've bumped it to the top of the queue:
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 30-Jan-96 Re: No FV supporters? Jeff
Weinstein (903*)
Sorry for the delay.  I don't think your attack against FV works
anywhere nearly as well as our attack against software-encrypted credit
card numbers, as I'll explain below.
I should also apologize for the fact that I couldn't resist in pointing
out lots of little problems with your proposed attack, and that I'm
responding to your plan in the order you described it.  This means that
we don't get to the really major flaw in your strategy towards the end,
so what comes at first will seem like nitpicking.
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 30-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F..
Jeff Weinstein (2739*)
A list of stores?  First of all, this attack is already amazingly
focused.  Our DLL to implement the attack on credit cards is 16K, and
doesn't need to target any specific buyers, sellers, or programs.  The
more complex the attack & the bigger the software, the more likely it is
to be noticed.  But this is just a minor nit.  Read on.
What's really funny (to me, at least) here and in a lot of other aspects
of the cypherpunk reaction to FV is the continuing assumption that the
choice of FV vs encryption is an either/or thing.  Combine FV's Virtual
PIN mechanism with transport encryption and you've indiputably got
something that's a LOT safer than just using credit cards with
encryption, and a bit safer than our current system, too.  But I know,
the correct focus here is FV's current system.  So read on.
At this point in your attack, you skip a step:  You don't explain how
you correlate the FV ID to email address.  This means that your attack
will ONLY work for systems where the user is always using the same PC to
web browse and read his mail.  In practice, even if this is true 99% of
the time, the remaining 1% would probably cause your attack to be
detected pretty quickly if deployed on a large, automated scale.  But,
for the sake of argument, let's imagine that it's true 100% of the time.
 Read on.
Seems to me your "not much harder" claim is starting to break down here,
with an automated virus spreading itself all over the net and
downloading lists from altavista weekly.  And the amount of net traffic
you're generating may make this attack a lot more quickly detected than
ours.  (In fact, I imagine that if the folks at AltaVista or Lycos noted
thousands of identical searches focused on merchants accepting First
Virtual, they'd probably contact us, more out of concern for their own
load management than anything else.)  But still, read on -- we're
finally coming to the good part.
OK, so you're only interested in POP3 mail tools?  That's wonderful, but
there's also systems that use IMAP, systems that use raw SMTP to locally
resident message stores, and many odder things.  There's also people who
get their mail through AOL, Compuserve, Prodigy, etc.  There's people
who live on a PC or Mac, but who read mail on a UNIX system (e.g. many
Delphi and Netcom users).  You're not going to catch all of them.  Moreover, even if you say
"that's fine, we only need some of them", your attack is now dead in the
water.  Why?  Because you have no way of telling, in your attack virus,
what kind of technology is going to be used to read mail.  This means
that your attack will inevitably, and quickly, hit some people who DO
receive the mail.  Our fraud department will be quickly notified (when
the user answers "fraud" to our query, a human sees it right away) and
we'll be off to the races, collecting clues.  It will be work tracking
it down, but we'll have a good shot in identifying the attack and
producing a program that helps users spot it on their system (the moral
equivalent of an anti-viral program) in less time than it would take you
to even suspect that the attack FV outlined had taken place in the world
of software-encrypted credit cards.
Your attack would be caught by us relatively quickly because our model
is based not on a single fail-safe piece of security software, but on
*process* security.  The overall process is multifaceted, with many
checks and balances.  What if, for example, I go to someone else's
machine and use their web browser to buy something using MY First
Virtual ID?  Your attack will capture my ID and allow you to try to use
it, but the email confirmation will go elsewhere, quite possibly to an
uninfected machine.  When reproduced on a mass scale, this kind of thing
will be noticed pretty fast.  In contrast, credit cards are a one-way
payment mechanism -- the number (and sometimes some other info typed in
close proximity) is basically all you need.  Just steal that without
getting noticed and the crime is done.
Actually, you're a bit behind the times.  We removed that restriction
from our system a couple of months ago.  There still aren't many people
using our system for physical goods, mostly because of our 91-day fund
holding period, but we have gotten the green light from our financial
partners to waive that for qualified, established merchants, once we
make a few technical changes behind the scenes.
The fact is that our original restriction against physical goods was
never designed to protect against fraud.  Rather, it was a conscious
attempt to do two things:  1) bound the risk our bank perceived in being
the first bank ever to explicitly agree to handle an Internet-based
payment system (this was mid-1994, remember), and 2) to focus the
attention of our prospective users on the situations that were in fact
reasonably well-suited to an economic model in which consumers had the
explicit option of refusing payment.  Some of our sellers very quickly
realized that no matter what we said, it was straightforward to use our
system for physical goods, shipping them only after the consumer said
"yes", and we eventually changed our terms and conditions to reflect
that reality.  The 91 day hold, on the other hand, WAS designed to
protect against fraud -- from the *merchant* side, which is why we have
no qualms about waiving it for qualified merchants.
Now, actually, I want to commend you.  This is as close as I've ever
seen anyone come to constructing a plausible automated attack on FV. The IP stack is a very clever attack vector, and I honestly can't claim
to have anticipated it.  However, I do think that the flaw in your
approach reinforces my belief in the importance of multi-layered
defenses.  In fact, a multi-layered security strategy is the ONLY
defense against vulnerabilities you haven't thought of yet.  That's the
real reason why ANY scheme based on one-way instruments like credit card
numbers is particularly hard to make secure.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-02 12:45:36
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: C'mon, How Hard is it to Write a Virus or Trojan Horse? (was Re: Apology and clarification) 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 30-Jan-96 Re: Apology and clarification
Jamie Zawinski (4170*)
This is a particularly fascinating reaction, Jamie.  As I see it, we
have implemented every part of the attack that we can implement without
doing anything that is either unethical or illegal.  Is it your position
that no systematic flaw in your security is real until someone has
actually broken it?  Actually, that position would in fact be quite consistent with your
company's earlier implicit assertion that 40-bit encryption was
sufficient (for international consumers) until somebody actually broke
it, even though everyone who understood cryptography already knew
Nearly everyone with a computer has either been infected with a virus or
knows somebody who has.
There has never been a serious financial incentive for virus writers in
the past, so they haven't ever been, for example, bankrolled by
organized crime.  They've been written by sociopathic hobbyists in the
past.  Your commerce mechanism gives them an incentive to turn pro.
The average sophistication of Internet users is dropping every day, as
the net continues to explode, and the ease of spreading malicious
software is going up accordingly.
Having said all that, I do agree with you 100% that the hardest part of
the devastating, automated attack that we have outlined is in fact the
infection vector.  You are absolutely right about that.  What we have
shown is that the HARDEST part of stealing an unbounded number of credit
cards transmitted using your company's preferred commerce mechanism is,
in fact, the deployment of a virus or Trojan Horse.  Unfortunately, as
most personal computer users have long since realized, that just isn't
that uncommon or hard to do.
I suspect that the world's financial institutions will, by and large, be
grateful that First Virtual doesn't share your belief that one has to
wait for a criminal to break a system to be convinced that it is
insecure. Show me an automated way to break the postal system in a large-scale way
without getting caught, and then I'll be worried about it, too.
Ooh, good point.  We could probably use MS Word macros as the infection
vector for our program.  I like that idea.  I'll add it to our list of
potential ways this program could spread itself.
However, the entire contents of your hard disk aren't of direct economic
value.  They're also hard to digest, and they're big enough to be likely
to be noticed in transit (e.g. they can easily fill up mail spools if
you mail 'em out).  I'd much rather sift through your hard disk looking
for credit card numbers, and then spirit them quietly off your machine. But I'd also install a keystroke sniffer if I suspected the user might
be using your preferred mechanism to send out his credit card number.
Hey, you're a smart guy.  That probably means your machine is relatively
hard to infect.  A criminal would skip you and instead target the
millions of consumers who were more easily infected.  I didn't describe
a scheme that could target one individual's credit card.  I described a
scheme that could steal millions of them indiscriminately.
sniffers work.
The "trust us, we're experts" approach to security is only as good as
the experts you trust, as you've just amply demonstrated.  For my part,
I'm happy to let the bankers hire independent experts study the attack
we've outlined and reach their own conclusions.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-01 09:13:35
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: No FV supporters? 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 30-Jan-96 Re: No FV supporters?
sameer (711*)
As I just explained, I don't think it would be nearly as effective as
our attack.  But for the record, I must remind everyone on this list of
an important line that should not be crossed:
Our program *demonstrated* key parts of a comprehensive attack on
software-encrypted credit card numbers, but it most carefully did NOT
implement those parts of that attack which would facilitate the actual
theft and transport of those numbers.  If anyone can similarly design
and demonstrate a comprehensive attack on FV, that's their affair. However, if they don't follow our lead in acting responsibly, and
instead choose to unleash their software as a live attack, First Virtual
reserves the right to track them down to the best of its abilities and
prosecute them to the full extent of the law.
That's another important aspect of "process security" or multi-layer
security.   You take the legalities seriously.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-01-22 05:13:29
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: new web security product 
Let's assume that it is an encryption device, though I agree that this
is left unclear.  This is by no means the first announcement of such a
device.  I suspect it is targeted at physical merchants, and intended
more to compete with the likes of Verifone terminals than anything else.
 I doubt that anyone's basing their business plan on the idea that
consumers will spend $100 each for a device that helps them to spend
more money, but has no other direct utility.   -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein  (FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
VIRTUAL YELLOW RIBBON==>

@_date: 1996-02-02 01:27:24
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: I hate over-hyped claims 
Perception in some quarters to the contrary, I am very averse to
over-hyped claims, and I would therefore like to publicly acknowledge a
This is not quite true, and I should have known better, but I forgot
about the one other example I'd heard of.  I should have said:
I apologize to the good folks at GC Tech for this unfortunate mistake. They are our competitors, but that does not mean we intended to make any
false or misleading claims about them.
I stand by all my other claims.    -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-03 07:33:24
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Delusional 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 30-Jan-96 Delusional Rich Salz (752)
That's not the way I remember it at all, but I'd be interested in seeing
the archives.  My recollection was that it was invented over breakfast
at an IETF meeting (the Columbus one???  I'm not sure) and that Dave
Crocker and Einar Stefferud were also there, along with Marshall and I. If I'm misremembering, I apologize.  Honeslty.  Except for the fact that they provided prior evidence that Marshall & I
could work together, I'm not sure how it's relevant.  Yes, we used
safe-tcl to implement our server, but any number of other languages
would have sufficed.... -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-03 07:07:14
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit 
I know people are tired of hearing from me, but I can't let *this* go
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 30-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F..
"Paul M. Cardon" (580*)
Bogus mail addresses of that kind are typically added by all sorts of
mail relays.  In other words, although I can't tell you 100% for certain
without seeing the mail headers, the scenario underlying this was
probably something involving a bogus mail relay.  Alternately, there are
some systems where this could have all happened entirely on your end, in
your delivery software.  There are a zillion ways this can happen,
actually.  I've checked my archive, and that address definitely was not
in the mail when it left my system.
I can guarantee you that it wasn't our system that did this.  If there's
one things we know cold, it's email.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-03 07:17:56
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 30-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F..
Weld Pond (1503*)
I *really* like this example.  That's because it demonstrates so clearly
the security/usability tradeoff that I keep trying to hammer home to
Yes, with something like this -- and a LOT of variation, so it wasn't
the same every time -- you could avoid an attack like ours.  But you'd
also have a user interface that was virtually unusable.  The focus of
the attack we outlined was one particular, naive approach to Internet
commerce that sacrificed a lot of security for usability.  If the net
result of what we've done is to force them to find a better balance, it
was well worth the effort.
Or, to put it another way, I'm not too worried about competing with
software-encrypted credit card numbers if they use an imagemap technique
like the one you've outlined.
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-03 22:26:59
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 2-Feb-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F..
"Paul M. Cardon" (1751*)
Well, I would think that if you were seriously trying to diagnose this
problem, you would have heeded my request and actually sent me the
Received headers that you claim prove that there was a problem on my
end.  I've been tracking down mail delivery problems for fifteen years
now, I take them *excruciatingly* seriously, and I think I know a
*little* bit about them.  If that makes me arrogant, I apologize.
Received headers are typically (but not always) added at each step along
the way as a mail message travels in a store-and-forward manner.  Mail
that leaves my system typically(i.e. using my preferred user agent) has
two Received headers by the time it leaves, and neither of them specify
the destination address at all.  Received headers don't generally
include destination informations, but may include them optionally, using
a FOR clause.  Any Received header that actually included the bogus
address you specified is definitely not generated by my machine, not
merely because I'm confident it wouldn't use that address, but more
critically because that clause of Received headers (FOR) isn't EVER
generated by my machine!  That's how I can be so absolutely sure that it
wasn't added by my machine.  When messages leave my machine they have
two Received headers, using these formats:
Received: by  nsb.fv.com (4.1/SMI-4.1)
        id AA26452; Fri, 2 Feb 96 16:40:24 EST
Received: from Messages.8.5.N.CUILIB.3.45.SNAP.NOT.LINKED.nsb.fv.com.sun4.41
          via MS.5.6.nsb.fv.com.sun4_41;
          Fri,  2 Feb 1996 16:40:23 -0500 (EST)
Note the complete absence of any FOR clause here.  It doesn't matter WHO
my system is sending mail to, it doesn't document the fact in the
Received headers.  (NOTE TO C'PUNKS:  In general, any mail relay that
uses the FOR clause for anything other than "final" delivery -- a very
tricky concept, by the way -- is indulging in a potentially very serious
breach of privacy, which should certainly concern the readers of this
list.  That's because it is typically based on the envelope addresses
rather than the header addresses, and hence can expose recipient names
that the sender thinks were being kept confidential, such as BCC
addresses.  That's one reason I prefer not to use the FOR clause at all.)
Note also that Received headers almost always appear in reverse order of
composition, because most relaying software just prepends them.  This
means that the mail you got from me probably has two headers like this
one, and that the one before it is the first one added by any machine
other than mine.  Most likely, the one before this is added at FV's mail
relay.  I don't *think* it uses "FOR" clauses either, but I can't swear
to that.
I hope this is helpful.  This is as far as I can go in diagnosing this
problem without actually seeing the mail headers you claim to have
received.  If you have any interest in diagnosing the real problem, as
opposed to publicly flaming me, I encourage you to send me the headers. I also see no point whatsoever in continuing to CC cypherpunks on the
diagnosis of a mail delivery problem, but will continue to do so in my
replies if you continue to send mail to cypherpunks slandering my
technical abilities in the guise of talking about a mail delivery
problem for which you refuse to provide documentary evidence that is
allegedly in your posession.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-04 04:50:48
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Crypto suggestion - re: Fatal Flaws in Credit Cards 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 3-Feb-96 Crypto suggestion - re: Fat..
Bill Stewart (2735*)
Absolutely true.  If you go back to my original post, I mentioned smart
cards as one possible solution.  Once you add smart cards, you don't
have the system I described as fatally flawed, which is software-only
encryption of credit card numbers.  -- NB
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-04 04:49:09
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV, Netscape and security as a product 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 31-Jan-96 Re: FV, Netscape and securi..
Jeff Weinstein (985*)
I applaud this clear, sensible, and correct statement.  Nicely put, Jeff.
I don't think it's fair for Greg to characterize our approach as
"security is a product".  Quite the contrary, we keep talking about
security as a *process*.  It's made up of multiple layers, which may
include digital signatures, encryption, hard-to-sniff identifiers,
out-of-band mechanisms, confirmation loops, vigorous investigation of
attempted fraud, and probably many other things, not to mention more
"traditional" aspects of server-level security.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-04 04:57:06
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Flaw in Netscape rejoinder (was Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards) 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 1-Feb-96 Re: Flaw in Netscape rejoin..
Jeff Weinstein (10884*)
But there's no obvious correlation between the VirtualPIN as it appears
in the web transaction and the message that comes back!  In other words,
what you might be sniffing for in the web page would be a form that said
"Enter your Virtual PIN here".  But what comes back will be a mail
message that does NOT include the Virtual PIN and in which there's no
way that I can think of to do the correlation.  (That's a design
feature.)  This means that your algorithm will trigger if the host
machine gets ANY transfer-query back from FV, but it might not be
associated with the VirtualPIN that you previously intercepted.  The
correlation at this stage is VERY hard, and when you misfire, our fraud
department gets a quick heads up.
But you don't know, when you intercept a Virtual PIN, whether you've
intercepted the one that belongs to the user whose machine you've
infected.  This scheme will break down very quickly in "promiscuous"
environments like universities, CyberCafes, etc.  How will your attack
program know not to make the wrong decision in any environment where
more than a single user ever uses the machine?
The point is that if it misfires with any frequency at all -- even 1% of
the time -- we'll get some quick heads up about the ongoing fraud.
Yes, I certainly understand that this is Netscape's product strategy,
and I think it is a VERY GOOD ONE at the level of selling tools to
users, which you guys are clearly great at.  However, the Internet
really is very heterogeneous, and is likely to continue to be so. Trends like CyberCafes are likely to make there continue to be a large
number of non-personal machines for a long time to come.  And unless
your attack program can figure out how NOT to infect such machines, it's
going to tip its hand fairly fast, especially since such machines will
probably be among the MOST vulnerable to various kinds of automated
I think we're already way beyond that in complexity, and you still
haven't outlined all the necessary pieces of a successful automated
attack.  But even if you are eventually successful in devising an
automated attack on FV, it's already clear that it's going to be far,
far more complicated than the attack we've outlined on
software-encrypted credit card numbers.  If you take seriously the
notion that an automated attack should be as hard as possible, I think
the advantages of our system are already crystal clear.
I like CyberCafes.  I like public access terminals in airports and
universities.  I like programs that create "terminal rooms" in the inner
cities to allow disadvantaged people to access the net.  All of these
are part of the current growth and changing demographics of the
Internet, too.
I do agree with you that if the Internet becomes much more homogeneous,
an automated attack on FV will become easier.  EVERYTHING becomes more
vulnerable in a homogeneous world, as in an ecosystem.  Diversity helps
to protect the health of the overall ecology.  Fortunately, I don't see
extreme homogeneity coming to the Internet any time soon.  Major
platforms from Microsoft and Netscape, for example, might well attain
80% market dominance, but the remaining 20% has a vital role to play in
keeping the net healthy.  Helping to thwart a complex automated attack
is just one example of this more general observation.
Agreed completely.  On the other hand, trends from OS vendors seem to be
moving in quite the opposite direction.  Think about "click here to
execute" in mail or news postings on the Microsoft Network.  And someone
recently told me (don't know if it's true) that Microsoft's OCX
architecture for executable web content is the best avenue yet for
creating Trojan Horses......  And I, for one, am deeply uneasy about
Java's security model, too.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-04 05:11:38
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: C'mon, How Hard is it to Write a Virus or Trojan Horse? (was Re: Apology and clarification) 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 1-Feb-96 Re: C'mon, How Hard is it t..
Jamie Zawinski (2014*)
OK, let's try this again:  Is it your position that the hardest part of
the attack we've outlined is the large-scale infection of consumer's
machines with untrusted code, using a virus, Trojan Horse, or some other
method?  And that this attack is not serious because doing that is
prohibitively difficult?  If so, I agree with the first claim but not
the second.  But I'm really trying to get clear about your position
here.  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-05 02:33:41
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: Flaw in FV process (was FV and Netscape slagging each other off :-) 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 31-Jan-96 Flaw in FV process (was FV ..
John Pettitt (1168*)
Actually, that's not quite right.  People dealing in physical goods
typically ship them AFTER the "yes" response from the user.  And one of
the next enhancements to our system, currently implemented and in
testing in-house, will feature digitally signed notices to merchants
when credit card authorization is obtained.  At that point, the
merchant's risk will be no greater than in traditional mail-order credit
card sales.
Glad to hear it!  -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-05 02:34:33
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: XMAS Exec 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 31-Jan-96 Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal F..
Dr. Dimitri Vulis (1227)
Agreed completely.  I didn't mean to imply that the author was
malicious, merely that it well-illustrated the "social engineering"
approach to getting users to run untrusted code.  What I was saying is
that someone who *was* malicious could have used the same approach as
the attack vector for getting our credit card snooper (or other nasty
code) onto lots of consumer machines.  This came up, in the discussion,
because most people on this list seem to believe (correctly, I think)
that the hardest part of the attack we outlined is the initial infection
vector.  -- Nathanielx
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-02-06 20:11:25
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV has 91 day lag between sales and payment 
Excerpts from mail.cypherpunks: 31-Jan-96 FV has 91 day lag between s..
Vincent Cate (4108*)
Actually, we've gotten approval from our banking partners to waive the
holding time entirely for customers who fill out an application and win
the bank's approval.  We're working on the technical and logistical
aspects of this right now.  -- Nathaniel

@_date: 1996-02-06 19:50:47
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: FV's blatant double standards 
I've debunked this one before, but let me say it again.  John outlines
essentially the same scheme for an automated attack on FV that was
previously posted by Jeff Weinstein at Netscape.  (Actually, to be fair,
Jeff's was considerably more sophsticated in its attempt to avoid
detection by FV.)  John's approach will essentially change all negative
FV confirmation answers to positive ones.  There are a couple of key
flaws in his approach:
1.  He doesn't explain how he's going to spot the VirtualPIN in the
outgoing stream.  Given the non-structured nature of the VirtualPIN,
this alone probably requires more sophistication than our entire attack
2.  He acknowledges that this approach will miss anyone who isn't buying
things from the machine that actually composes his mail messages.  What
he doesn't seem to realize, however, is that this means that any
automated attack will cause "fraud" to be called as soon as it hits a
user of AOL, Compuserve, etc.  Jeff's approach would last a bit longer,
but is also vulnerable to heterogeneous mail environments.  The real
point is that an automated attack like this one is undermined by email
heterogeneity, which will cause FV's fraud department to be alerted
quite quickly & trace things down.  In contrast, the attack we've
outlined on credit card numbers is simple, single-step, and has no
obvious "misfiring path" that would lead to quick detection.  It could
do its dirty work for a long time.  Simson's comment almost, but not quite, made this clear:
The "just fine" is incorrect, however, because those 50-75% will not be
MISSED, they will be attacked incompletely, and they will object to
false transactions, causing our fraud department to launch an
investigation.  This attack would get stopped pretty quickly, I believe.
 -- Nathaniel
Nathaniel Borenstein Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings
FAQ & PGP key: nsb+faq

@_date: 1996-10-11 06:12:21
@_author: Nathaniel Borenstein 
@_subject: Re: What are the flaws with FV payment system? 
Excerpts from mail: 10-Oct-96 What are the flaws with FV .. Kip
DeGraaf (1410*)
I'm very sorry that you apparently didn't show up to discuss your
concerns; I thought the talk went quite well, with some good give and
take, but nobody really tried hard to tear apart FV's system.  Believe
it or not, that was a disappointment to me.  I always enjoy an open
debate with a spirited opponent.
FYI, the content of the talk was largely the same as the content of my
paper that appeared in the June issue of Communications of the ACM, in
the special issue on electronic commerce.  Readers of this list will be
particularly interested in the section entitled "Cryptography:  Myths
and Realities".
Nathaniel Borenstein           |  FAQ & PGP key:
Chief Scientist, First Virtual Holdings    |  nsb+faq
