
@_date: 1996-08-15 15:17:03
@_author: The Prisoner 
@_subject: Re: photographed license plates 
No, too low-tech.
Small trasnsmitters with unique programmed ID codes broadcast as you drive.  Much easier to trace.  And LoJack's already got a good bit of the technology in place.
Or your GPS co-ords could be stored/buffered onboard, and uploaded to the Central Bureau every night for This is the kind of forward thinking that Creates Jobs!

@_date: 1996-08-15 15:50:37
@_author: The Prisoner 
@_subject: forget photographing license plates! 
from comp.risks:
"In the 22 Jul 1996 issue of Fortune was an interesting look into the future
of automobile electronics, "Soon Your Dashboard Will Do Everything (Except
Steer)".  "
"The topic of steering has already been discussed in this forum,
but what caught my eye was a review of the "OnStar" product from GM.
Besides being a navigation aid, it also contains "some anti-bonehead
features".  "
"These include the ability for you to call GM's "control center"
for help if you lock your keys in the car, or forget where you parked it.
unlock the doors, or honk the horn and flash its lights."

@_date: 1996-08-15 19:02:49
@_author: The Prisoner 
@_subject: Last word: auto video surveillance report[long] 
I know this is pushing it as far as crypto-relevance.  I won't bring up the subject again. But this was too much to not pass along - there are some interesting insights into the mindset at work, and if I had to justify the cryptorelevance it would be by promoting the value of knowing the mind of Brother ... both Little and Big.
For those not familiar with Calif. bureaucratese: "HOV" is "High Occupancy Vehicle" and an "HOV Lane" is a carpool lane.
Edited doc. follows (from                  Use of Videotape in HOV Lane Surveillance and Enforcement: Final Report
                                 USE OF VIDEOTAPE
                                        IN
                                     HOV LANE
                           SURVEILLANCE AND ENFORCEMENT
                                   FINAL REPORT
                  By John W. Billheimer Ken Kaylor Charles Shade
                                   Submitted to
                                State of California
                           Department of Transportation
                              under Contract 55 G710
                                       D232
                                    March 1990
               SYSTAN,INC.              in               ATD,INC.
            343 Second Street       Association   6431 Independence                P.O. Box U              with      Woodland Hills, CA            Los Altos, CA 94023
                           PREFACE AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
        This report covers a six-month study designed to explore the use      vidoetape in HOV lane surveillance and enforcement.  The study is      extension of an earlier investigation of the effects of different
     enforcement strategies and engineering designs on violation rates      California's mainline HOV lanes.
        The report has been prepared in the Los Altos, California      of SYSTAN, Inc. under Contract No. 55 G71 0 with the California
     Department of Transportation (CALTRANS).  The project was jointly
     sponsored by the California Highway Patrol (CHP).  Mr. Philip Jang,
     Chief of the HOV Systems Branch of CALTRANS Division of Traffic
     Operations served as project administrator, while Scott McGowen of
     CALTRANS acted as the project's technical monitor.
     SYSTAN wishes to thank all those who provided information and      on the enforcement and operation of California's mainline HOV      and acknowledges full responsibility for the analysis,      and presentation of the data they provided.
     1.1.1 Background
 ...
        It has been suggested that using video equipment to assist in      lane enforcement could reduce the requirements for patrol officers,
     increase citation rates, and minimize freeway disruption.  The      investigation has been designed to extend past studies of HOV lane
     enforcement by testing both the feasibility and accuracy of the use      video equipment in HOV lane surveillance.
     1.1.2 Objective
        The objective of the current study has been to demonstrate and      the use of video equipment in determining vehicle occupancy,
     documenting violator identity, and aiding enforcement of HOV lanes.
        Field tests showed that it is technologically possible to record
     several accurate views of vehicles traveling in mainline HOV lanes.      Specifications and costs of the equipment needed for videotape
     surveillance are summarized below.
        Cameras.  Best results are obtained with high speed color      capable of achieving exposure times of 1/1000 of a second.  A 14:1
     zoom lens is needed to focus on oncoming vehicles at distances of
     approximately 1200 feet.  Cameras placed at eye-level on the      itself should be small and unobtrusive.
        Auxiliary Equipment.  Two monitors with split screen capability      required in the control van.  One monitor provides an on-line      capability, while the other provides a permanent record of all      views.  A special effects generator should be used to make the      time and location a permanent part of the videotape record.
        Polarizing filters help to solve problems with glare from shiny
     cars and windshields, although they reduce the light-gathering
     capability of the cameras.  Infra-red cameras and light sources can      used to document license plates after dark by videotaping the rear
     license plates of departing cars.  However, it does not appear
     feasible to videotape oncoming vehicles under conditions of      or low visibility.  Results are not clear and the infra-red light
     source can distract oncoming drivers.
   1.3.3 Potential Applications
        Although it is technologically possible to record a series of
     accurate views of vehicles traveling in mainline HOV lanes, no
     combination of recorded views currently provides enough information      support prosecution for occupancy violators.  Even so, videotape
     surveillance of HOV lanes can provide useful information for a      of other purposes.  These include:
        1. Support for on-line enforcement.  In cases where there are no
           refuge areas adjacent to mainline HOV lanes, videotape
           surveillance provides a means of alerting officers stationed
           downstream from the cameras to the presence of oncoming
           violators.
        2. Support for remote ticketing . Although videotape by itself            not appear to be accurate enough to provide a basis for
           citations, the combination of videotape and an observing            could conceivably provide the accuracy needed for a system of
           mailed warnings and citations.  If a system of mailed            or citations can be installed, the officer would not have to            violators, and a videotape record of driver, occupancy, and
           license plate would be available for court hearings.  Such a
           system would be more cost-effective than the current system            freeway pursuit and roadside citing, and will reduce the
           congestion caused by rubbernecking.
        3. Performance Monitoring.  There are several applications in            videotape surveillance appears to provide a marked            over current practice.  These include:
           (a)   Freeway monitoring to document vehicle type and                  over time;
  ...
        The cost of videotaping HOV lane activity is more than double         cost of monitoring operations manually.  However, videotape
        provides more accurate records, a consistent data base, and a
        permanent, verifiable record of traffic activity.  It also         information on the vehicle mix, traffic speed, and the license
        plates of carpoolers and suspected violators.
     1.3.4 Public Reaction
        In a state in which radar cannot legally be used to enforce      laws on state freeways, videotape surveillance of HOV lanes has
     significant legislative and public relations implications.  These
     implications are beyond the scope of the current study.  However,      pieces of information related to the current study may shed some      on the potential reactions of the public and the media to the
     possibility of videotape surveillance.
  ....
      Press Coverage.  The field tests undertaken during the current
     study attracted the attention of the Los Angeles media and resulted      a limited amount of press coverage.  Articles in the Los Angeles      and Ontario Daily Report/Progress Bulletin were both balanced and
     informative.  To the extent that these stories can be viewed as an
     indication of press and public reaction to the use of videotape in      lane enforcement, there was no suggestion that CALTRANS and the CHP
     would be exposed to a massive public outcry if videotape proves to      technologically and legally feasible as an enforcement tool.      Furthermore, it can be assumed that the articles themselves made
     potential HOV lane violators in the Los Angeles area more cautious.
     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
        Video cameras operating in conjunction with officer observation      provide sufficient accuracy to support mail-out citations for HOV      occupancy violations.  An officer stationed downstream from the      cameras is in a position to verify the occupancy of vehicles which
     appear suspect to observers monitoring camera output.  ...
     Moreover, the presence of an observing officer
     may remove some of the "Big Brother is watching" stigma from the      of videotape.
