
@_date: 1994-07-17 10:18:12
@_author: Sue D. Nym 
@_subject: New Money design announced 
I think this came from a Fidonet channel.
an interesting topic: how will this affect the value of US cash?
i.e. will it affect the value of the dollar worldwide? often when
countries are facing economic trouble they change their currency.
Conf. : 0008 - FINANCIAL
    WASHINGTON (AP) -- Move over Ben Franklin, tell Andrew Jackson
the news: The portraits on the nation's paper money likely will be
enlarged and moved off-center as part of the first major makeover
in 65 years.
    ``Our plan ... is a pre-emptive step to protect U.S. currency
from high-tech counterfeiting,'' Treasury Secretary Lloyd Bentsen
said in announcing the redesign Wednesday.
    His department plans to have a final design ready sometime in
1995 and begin circulating new bills about a year later, starting
with the most popular target for counterfeiters, $100 notes.
    Nothing has been decided for certain, but Treasury officials
gave the House Banking Committee a rundown Wednesday of what was
    The enlarged portraits -- Franklin on the $100, Ulysses Grant on
the $50, Jackson on the $20, Alexander Hamilton on the $10, Abraham
Lincoln on the $5 and George Washington on the $1 -- will allow for
more detailed engraving of what is the most recognizable feature on
a bill. The $2 bill, with Thomas Jefferson, is not being
    And, moving the portraits will make room for a watermark in the
form of a smaller version of the portrait, visible only when a bill
is held to the light.
    Other likely changes include:
    -- Color-shifting ink that may, for instance, appear green when
viewed straight on and gold from an angle.
    -- Computer-designed ``interactive'' patterns that turn wavy when
illicitly copied.
    -- Iridescent planchettes in bills' paper. These are colored
discs only a few millimeters wide that reflect light.
    -- Micro-printing and machine-detectable threads or fibers in the
    The last major change in U.S. currency came in 1929, when bills
were reduced in size and given a uniform look. Congress added the
words ``In God We Trust'' in 1957.
    In 1990, several small changes made it more difficult to
counterfeit with modern color photocopiers. They included adding a
microscopic line of type and a polyester thread visible only when a
bill is held to a light.
    Most lawmakers applauded the latest modifications, saying they
were long overdue.
    ``We must protect the dollar's standing as the world's foremost
currency. Our financial future depends upon it,'' said the
committee chairman, Rep. Henry B. Gonzalez, D-Texas.
    But others warned against too radical a redesign, saying it
would send a message of instability at a time when the value of the
dollar is being battered on world currency markets.
    Peter H. Daly, director of the Bureau of Engraving and Printing,
said the bills' traditional look will be maintained as much as
possible. The paper will feel the same and the size of notes won't
change. And the same engraving style will be used for portraits,
borders, numbers and the historic scenes on bills' back.
    Bentsen stressed that old money will continue as legal tender.
    ``The redesigned currency will be introduced over a period of
years and no U.S. currency will be demonetized, devalued or
recalled,'' he said.
    And U.S. Treasurer Mary Ellen Withrow promised a worldwide
educational campaign to encourage public acceptance of the new
    About $357 billion of U.S. paper currency is in circulation,
more than 60 percent of it abroad. In fact, in some countries with
troubled economies it serves as the principal medium of exchange.
    According to the Secret Service, counterfeiting abroad now far
outweighs domestic counterfeiting. Last year, $120 million in phony
bills were seized overseas, compared with $44 million domestically,
said Secret Service Deputy Director Guy P. Caputo.
    Republican Reps. Jim Leach of Iowa and Bill McCollum of Florida
suggested the administration may be minimizing the severity of the
problem. Leach said a Middle Eastern country, which he did not
name, reportedly has developed the capacity to counterfeit large
quantities of $100 notes.
    He was apparently referring to trade press reports that Iran was
distributing counterfeit bills through Lebanon.
    But Bentsen stressed that the changes were being made in
anticipation of future problems and not in response to any current
counterfeiting crisis.

@_date: 1994-07-17 15:27:49
@_author: Sue D. Nym 
@_subject: uh... excuse me 
Pardon me, but I think people are mistaking me for someone else. I read about
this group from talk.politics.crypto (which I found poking around for info
on Clipper). Are people objecting to the article I posted? I thought the interest in "digital cash" might warrant my posting that article about the U.S. currency changes. I guess I better just shut up and listen awhile longer on this list to find out what people are really interested in. I like to play an active role in posting contributions to every mailing list I subscribe to but I guess I was out of line here.
Or maybe I should leave. You guys seem a little too paranoid for my tastes.
(It's too bad, because I had some speculation I was hoping to share with you
from some fascinating books I've been reading. You see, I'm a bit of a "new ager" and have been reading about prophecies that predict a new Hitler
will arise partly via seizing the worldwide electronic infrastructure,
and was curious what you would think.)
Anyway, my apologies if my post was out of line. I'll be glad to leave if
this list is not open to the general public or something.

@_date: 1994-07-18 09:03:16
@_author: Sue D. Nym 
@_subject: Expose on North's Arm Smuggling 
Some people have kindly sent me email encouraging me to stay. I'm still
vacillating, but thought you might be interested in this. I got this
from the same place that last message came from, a sort of "psychic
exploration" list (also deeply interested in world/government events).
Again, probably from a Fidonet channel originally.
(From): NYT
(To)  : ALL
System: SNET
Conf. : 0009 - CONSPIRACY
Via NY Transfer News Collective * All the News that Doesn't Fit
                      VIRTUAL RADIO NETWORK
             184 Underhill Avenue, Brooklyn, NY 11238
               Tel: 718/622-9660  Fax: 718/622-9781
            Executive Director: Andrew Leslie Phillips
July 14, 1994
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE    PRESS CONTACTS:  Curtis Ellis   212/580-2156
            or   Andy Wandzilak 718/622-9660
                  THE CLINTON-NORTH CONNECTION:                       A live press briefing
                      Wednesday, July 27th
                             7:00 pm
The Virtual Radio Network will host a live press briefing, open to
the public, that will reveal Senate-hopeful Oliver North's million
dollar international arms and drugs smuggling operations out of
Central America into the United States through a covert airstrip
at Mena, Arkansas protected by then Governor Bill Clinton. Two high level former government officials have agreed to appear
together in this Virtual Radio Network news making background
briefing to reveal their eyewitness accounts including:
 - Why presidential candidate Clinton would not attack President
Bush's Iran-Contra record.
 - How Bill Clinton protected Oliver North's Iran-Contra weapons
for drugs operation at Mena, Arkansas.
 - Oliver North's direct connections and support of DEA documented
drug smugglers at El Salvador's Illopango airstrip which was used
as a CIA-contra resupply point.
The briefing will be held on Wednesday, July 27th, 7 PM at The
Greenwich Village School, 6th Avenue and 11th Street, Manhattan.
Tickets for the public are $8 to benefit Virtual Radio Network's
Producers Fund. For public Information and Reservations: 718/ 857-8902.
                                *
Celerino Castillo was the Drug Enforcement Administrations senior
agent in El Salvador from 1985 to 1991. He reported to top federal
officials in 1986 about cocaine flights used to supply the contras
by the "North Network." He told the U.S. ambassador to El
Salvador, Edwin Corr, now retired and teaching at the University
of Oklahoma, and then Vice-President George Bush about the drug
smuggling operation but could get no federal official to act on
his information.
Celerino Castillo and Dave Harmon's, book "Powder Burns" will be
released this summer, by Mosaic Press 1-800-387-8992
Terry Reed, an eight year veteran in U.S. Air Force intelligence
in Southeast Asia. He was recruited by Colonel Oliver North to
train Contra pilots at Mena, Arkansas in an operation named "Jade
Bridge." In 1985, North chose Reed to set up a CIA proprietary,
Maquinaria International, in Mexico to serve as an arms warehouse
and trans-shipment point for weapons. When Reed learned he was
also transmitting cocaine he tried to resign and return to the
U.S. but his life was threatened and a warrant was issued for his
arrest. An FBI/CIA manhunt ensued.  Employing skills learned as an
intelligence officer, Reed and his family fled over a six- month,
30,000 mile odyssey through 48 states. In November 1990 Reed was
acquitted. He has gone to court to seek redress for violations of
his civil rights. Terry Reed and John Cummings book "Compromised" published by S.P.I
Books/Shapolsky Publishers Inc. 212-633-2022
Terry Reed and Celerino Castillo will be available for interviews.
Call Curtis Ellis, 212-580-2156 Virtual Radio Network.

@_date: 1994-07-18 09:58:19
@_author: Sue D. Nym 
@_subject: Re: Expose on North's Arm Smuggling 
"Evidence"? Because I post from the same city as this "Detweiller"
net.kook I am guilty by association?
I did NOT make up people's supportive mail. I'll send you a
copy if you don't believe me, if you promise to keep it private.
I think you must have something against women. In fact, I think
the whole list is pretty unbalanced. I haven't seen any other
women except Sandy post. If you are trying to create an atmostphere
of fear and intimidation, let me say that you have succeeded!
Are you involved with the moderation with the list? What is your
authority to tell me to get lost? I am certainly thinking of giving
up on you guys. I have posted two messages I thought were similar
to everyone's interests here. But all I get is a lot of serious
Look, I'll level with you. The name *is* a pseudonym. But it's to
keep jerks like you from harassing and stalking me in the real world.
It seems that people that are jerks in the real world can be even
more insane in cyberspace. I've had some bad experiences in the
past when I used my real name.
I don't think I will have much to say to you in the future. And I may
stick around just to spite you. It's a free country, last time I
checked (contrary to what all you Orwellian-thought-police-paranoids think) and I'm free to choose.
This is a nasty message, but you are being nasty to me for no reason. I'm going to use you as a punching bag for everyone that is bashing me
for nothing. When/if you apologize, I will.
Have you ever looked at a newborn child? Do you think, "here is another
perverted arm of humanity waiting to cause untold misery"? Or do you think,
"what a joyous event, a clean slate, an innocent soul come to the world
with undreamed-of possibilities"?
If you believe in reincarnation (as I do) you will understand that the
earthly realm is a place where souls are being recycled. And a baby is
born without a tatoo of all their previous crimes against humanity for a *reason*-- so that the Perry Metzgers of the world give them a chance anyway. So think of my new "appearance" into this forum that like a new baby. A
chance for a new beginning, a clean slate. We are all fellow passengers
on this planet earth. Let us work together in harmony and find our
common goals, and resolve peacefully our differences.
There are a lot of neat parallels between reincarnation and email addresses.
When someone gets a new email address it is like their spirit has found
a new vehicle for expression free of prior "reputation baggage"
(identical to the process it goes through of "wearing" a body). In
weird cases where people seem to be "possessed" by different spirits,
or people are "channeling" them, it is just a case (or "manifestation)
of the lack of an entirely one-to-one correspondence between spirits
and bodies, just as there is not a one-to-one correspondence between
people and email addresses.
I find it a refreshing atmosphere, full of possibilities. I thought
some cypherpunks were interested in this kind of thing. I remember
seeing someone's flashing signature about "digital pseudonyms" or something like that. Isn't that the idea? It is all just another
variation of the scenes that play out in this earth drama. Whether
the aspect of this "fluidity of identity" is used for good or evil
is based on the application.
I foresee a new harmony between technology and spirituality in the
near future in which these ideas won't sound so bizarre. But I will not
be depressed by anyone's attacks of my ideas. I have long ago learned
how to "turn the other cheek" over ideas. In fact, it is easy in
I hope you can get over your obvious intolerance, Perry.

@_date: 1994-07-18 09:59:16
@_author: Sue D. Nym 
@_subject: oops 
Oops. I meant to send that last message to Perry Metzger only but my
mail software automatically cc:ed the list. My apologies for wasting

@_date: 1994-07-19 12:31:39
@_author: Sue D. Nym 
@_subject: Re: Federal Control of Financial Transactions 
OK, I will try a new tact of replying to an *existing* message
so no one can accuse me of being off charter.
frissell (Duncan Frissell)
I have been reading some fascinating interpretations of these and other prophecies lately. Some interpretations that impress me deeply
claim that the Antichrist ("Beast") will use the international communications infrastructure in exactly the way that Duncan is implying: enforced identity on all participants to participate in
economic transactions. And he will "cut off" the nations that don't participate in his deification. How? Apparently, from what I can
figure, seizing satellite communications control.
Something struck me about Duncan's next comment, though:
Actually, cypherpunks, I am going to become a human lighting rod and propose the following (I just haven't received enough eyeball-melting
flames today yet). I think your cause for privacy would actually be
*advanced* by promoting an ID *card* under the following condition:
Anyone can obtain as many ID cards as they want. The *individual* can
maintain the connection that "This is my card". But the government
cannot draw the conclusion "This card belongs to so-and-so". From what I can figure, some of your technology like remailers and
codes might be able to support such a scheme (maybe some of the hard
core genious could expound on this).
Now, suppose that the government did all its taxes through the use
of the cards, instead of through *individuals* (as is the case with
the current income tax system). That is, they might tax transactions
on the cards slightly.
The point I want to get at is that one can have a system that supports
"identity-related" transactions without actually allowing the government
to trace to a given identity. The absolute worst case scenario I agree
is as described in the Revelations--having an "identity stamp" on your
forehead or something. But note that the correspondence between humans
and cards is wholly unrestrained. Before you accuse me of heresy, consider the system of email address
privacy that was championed earlier by Perry Metzger: you can get any account on any system with any alias, and this protects you from people
tracing you. And you can use the system. Would it be an OK compromise
if a government was set up under the same system? I.e. you can get any
cards you want, and you can "use the system", but the government can
never trace you?
I see discussions about tax avoidance and I wonder if people are really
trying to just avoid taxes through privacy. This I think is a very dangerous possibility. It seems to me  that governments
have been around as long as people have and while it can get dangerous or
oppressive with some variations of them, it can also get extremely
dangerous *without* them. Do you want privacy, i.e. the government
does not know who you are, but you still participate in a social
system with government? Or do you just want to get rid of governments,
and use "privacy" as the reason? Yikes.
I agree that there is a possibility of a police state using identity "stamps" in a negative way. It allows them to correlate activities with people and target them. But if they cannot trace people, as would be the case with "multiple cards", do they really have any power over you? It seems like it could work to me.
It seems to me the real danger is correlating business activities with
individuals, not necessarily so much that those activities
are taxed. Imagine a system like we have today, where you can have
credit cards without actually revealing your identity to anyone.
What if we had credit cards with all kinds of different "names"
(IDs) and could pay the bank secretly? That would be a system
that supported privacy but also supported the ability to interact in
an economy.
I think some attempt should be made to discriminate between mere "cards" for transactions that don't enforce identity but still
allow transactions, vs. the requirement that transactions be
traceable to particular human "vessels" (i.e., the Stamp of the Beast).
But what if these signatures were not signatures in the sense today of
a one-to-one correspondence of people to signatures, but the indirect
relationship of people-to-email addresses? Wouldn't we want to *encourage*
such a system? I keep seeing this stuff about "digital signatures"--
if people want them, wouldn't you be in favor of getting a strong system
together? Maybe you should consider *supporting* the Post Office proposal
if you can twist in the favor of *privacy*, i.e. allowing anyone to
have multiple signatures as a basic prerequisite of the infrastructure.
Here is an opportunity to impose the Cypherpunk vision of privacy in
the real world, but instead you lambaste it.
Would this necessarily be a "bad thing" if it supported "fluidity of
identity" that I refer to? (Can't remember where I found that phrase;
apologies to whoever invented it.) In fact, wouldn't it be an extremely "good thing" for the cause of privacy to have your ideas implemented
in a massive, conservative (and therefore *entrenched*) bureacracy?
Again, if the system allowed "fluidity" it would be FANTASTIC IMHO.
There is no guarantee that *any* system will *ever* work. But it seems
to me there is an "authentication vacuum" in cyberspace. If you can't
find *something* to support, something you *don't* support will inevitably fill the vacuum. By criticizing the *reasonable* approaches
as Orwellian, you may leave no choice but the Orwellian ones.
"Someone" on "True Lies"
ug. Well, I do not appreciate threats in my mailbox such as "Go away--I'm not
as gentle as Perry Metzger". I can't believe how torqued-up all you guys
are. This mailing list is like a firing range.
People, you may successfully get me to lose this account for no reason.
I hear that Netcom has an itchy "trigger finger" and frankly, no one
cares if anyone else loses a computer account. And some people have the
audacity to call this "freedom of speech". What could be better?
Just delete my messages if you find them irrelevant. Please, stop
bringing all of mankind's strife with you into cyberspace. It is a
"new baby" that is being stabbed with the sharp knives of your paranoia and hatred. I for one refuse to be intimidated by barbarians
in cyberspace.
You who say it is no big deal when an account is yanked, at that
the provider should always have the perogative to do this--do
you think this will ever happen on a global level? What if the provider of [x] satellite decides he doesn't like you? Your ideas
do not scale well. In fact, they scale disastrously. IMHO every
account that is yanked is another brick in the wall of the Antichrist's.
It encourages the "ho hum" attitude when a great injustice has
taken place. It is a subtle vice-press encroachment of liberty that happened in Nazi Germany as no one was looking--or, as everyone
"Can we change the future"? It may be that in attempting to bring about a desired situation of suppressing the Beast we are actually playing into his goals. How can we know what to do? Well, for one, it seems to me that negative emotions like paranoia and revenge play into evil ploys.

@_date: 1994-07-21 08:53:35
@_author: Sue D. Nym 
@_subject: "dumb incompetent sex bimbos" 
Jamesd (James A. Donald)
She's not asking you to have polite consideration because "we" women
think of "ourselves" as "victims"--She's asking you to show respect and
courtesy to everyone in the forum and the forum because we think of ourselves as part of humanity.
The "we" is in quotes because it seems to cause massive flamewars whatever
the context. i.e. We are against the Government, We have no respect Your
Opinion, We are Victims of Manhaters, We are Victims of Thought Police, etc.
Why is everything in our society in terms of "Us vs. Them"? This can't
even be called a society. It is a battlefield.
Here's hoping the positive vibrations of the Jupiter-trumpet will beam into OUR lives and wreak a positive transformation.
