
@_date: 1994-07-18 12:45:27
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: "Sue" and Detweiler 
Okay, so I'm very new here.  Got a nickel?  Here's three cents change...
First, if you look to the posts, the Detweiler connection/accusation did not
stem from the name being used.  Cyber-stalking (combo of net-stalking and
physical stalking) has been documented, and I seriously doubt that anyone
that belongs on this list would object.  More specificly, how can Nobody
get upset about Sue?
The connection/accusation _did_ arise, however, when the text of the post
was analysized.  The Clinton/North post greatly enhanced the connection.
Once the connection was made, the system started looking for "collateral"
evidence, and found some.
Some words to "Sue":  If you have, in fact, been the subject of stalking,
physical, net, or cyber, please accept my appologies on behalf of all
honorable males for failing to properly limit the number/range of these
If you wish to avoid being connected to Detweiler, limit your posts accordingly
Specifically, don't philosophize about 42 unless it has a strong crypto/
privacy slant.  Don't post conspiracy info unless it has a strong crypto/
privacy slant.  In fact, avoid ALL posts that don't have some/privacy slant.
Most of us have many other things to do, and since this list does around 300
posts per week, many are annoyed at best by off-topic posts.  This explains
the reason for the "Go Away" responses.
As for threats to the remailer that posted Detweiler, why not just recylce
the threat?  A and B threaten C, C routes A to B and B to A.  More to the
point, this is the fronteer, and most of us are learning.
eg: Ambulance-chasing spammers get mail-bombed.  Sounds like appropriate
Justice to me.
Now, _I_ better quit before someone suspects _me_.
Nathan Zook
When Senator Hatch supports any Clinton nominee great guns from the get go,

@_date: 1994-07-18 12:57:59
@_author: in all cases 
@_subject: Pseudo-Random Number Generators & _BIG_ Primes 
I've pasted my algebra prelim, so please consider my intuition here as
possibly being above average.
Last week, some posters were talking about using "good" pseudo-random number generators for working with big primes.  I would hope that all here are aware of the non-recursive and non-algebraic distribution of primes.  It is
my deepest suspicion that in fact primes are strongly non-recursive and
non-algebraic.  That is, I suspect that tests for primeness, and quests
for primitive roots of primes, form a test for randomness whose strength
is directly linked to the length of the prime, possibly in a non-polynomial
What I am saying is:  until I see a proof that some pseudo-random code will
in fact work for primality testing (in all cases), or primitive root
searching, I shall hold that {p|p is a "bad" prime} is nonempty.  As a
lemma, I claim that elements of this set are _precisely_ the sorts of primes
that we would wish to use.
Nathan Zook
When Senator Hatch supports a Clinton nominee great guns from the get-go,

@_date: 1994-07-19 07:32:43
@_author: flashing mathematical credentials 
@_subject: GUT and P=NP 
(flashing mathematical credentials)
Okay, I was hoping this would die quietly, but sinces it isn't....
GUT is a physical theory.  If true, it is believed, it would be possible to
manufacture a computer which excedes a Turing machine in several important
ways.  In particular, it is believed that a "quantum computer" could perform
certain NP tasks (factoring) in P time.
BUT, as I read it, this has _nothing_ to do with the P/NP question.  It simple
creates a new area of inquiry, the QP/QNP/QNP-complete area.  (The first qu
question being wheather some of these sets are empty.)  The P/NP question is
a question about Turing machines, and as such, would not be affected by the
creation of a non-Turing computer.
As for boundaries...  GUT _might_ give us a single equation that contains all
physical laws.  But so what?  We can't even solve the three-body problem for
gravity!  Chaos is an emergent process.
Have fun.

@_date: 1994-07-26 08:24:22
@_author: actual fortune cookie 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA  ROFL HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Okay.  So I should be so rude.  People please.  When someone, especially
like berzerk or tcmay makes a strongly definitive statement, PLEASE try
not to show your ignorance to the whole group.
Cantor demonstrated, near the turn of the century, that no such system
can represent all reals in [0,1].  Boring technical explanation follows.
Let f be a function from the integers to [0,1].  Note that the Turing
tape has precisely one space for each integer, so this function cooresponds
to your idea.
I claim that f is not onto.  (ie: you cannot represent all reals this way.)
Write a decimal expansion for each elment in the range of f, and order
them as follows:
f(0) = .d(1,1) d(1,2) d(1,3) d(1,4) ....
f(1) = .d(2,1) d(2,2) d(2,3) d(2,4) ....
f(-1)= .d(3,1) d(3,2) d(3,3) d(3,4) ....
f(2) = .d(4,1) d(4,2) d(4,3) d(4,4) ....
f(-2)= .....
construct a, in [0,1], as follows:
let g be a function from {0,1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9} to {5,6} s.t. g(x) = 5 if
x>5, g(x) = 6 if x < 6.
Let a = sum for i = 1 to infinity of g(di,i)/10^i.
I claim that a is not in the range of f.
Is f(0) = a?  No, the first digits differ.
Is f(1) = a?  No, the second digits differ.
Is f(-1)= a?  No, the third digits differ.
You get the picture.  There are a couple of small details left out, you
should be able to fill them in.
Historical note:  I believe that is the original construction.
Further historical note:  You can see the germ of Godel's work here.

@_date: 1994-07-27 07:50:04
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: us.* heiarchy--scary 
The following is only tangentally c-punk.  It is also long. Ctrl-C now if
that is your only concern.

@_date: 1994-07-27 08:01:02
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Proposed us.* heirarchy 
The following is only tangentially c-punk, and long.  If, based on that, you
don't want to read it, please hit ctrl-C now.

@_date: 1994-07-28 06:47:40
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: No Subject 
nomath          5       19%
discrete        7       27%
algebra1        4       15%
algebra2        3       12%
grad            3       12%
orals           1        4%
orala           2        8%
research        1        4%
total          26

@_date: 1994-07-28 07:07:12
@_author: Adjusting flame gear 
@_subject: Just say NYET to censors 
Copyright 1994, Nathan Zook.  All rights reserved.  Intelectual copyrights
NYET-- Non-Youths Exhibit Temperance.
Before I start, it may be informative to consider that I consider myself to
be a hard-line member of the Christian Conservative movement, and a hard-
line advocate of electronic privacy.  I am a PhD candidate in mathematics
at the University of Texas of Austin, and I got the Electronic Privacy
language added to the 1994 Republican Party of Texas platform.  I am a
member of Trinty Evangelical Free Church, and am twenty-seven years old.
As the Internet community continues to grow, the differences of conviction
that exists generally in the world find their way into the community.  Some
demand that newcomers to the net adapt to the mores of this society.  Some
demand that the net, as a newcomer to the world, adapt to the outside.  As
recent events have demonstrated, the less reasonable, on both sides, may be
endangering the integrity and availablity of the net.  Calls for net
censorship, it may be expected, will continue to grow unless the net can
find some way to police itself.  Yet "police itself" is a term that sends
the net into fits.  My solution, NYET, is for the appropriate users to
directly censor the data that they might legitmately lay claim to
censoring--data that flows to minors over which they have legal authority
and responsibility.
Specifically, this is a plan to create two sorts of accounts to the net--
adult and minor.  Adult accounts may only be obtained by persons of age
eighteen.  Minor accounts may only be obtained as adjuncts to adult
accounts, refered to as supervisor accounts.  Adult accounts would have
full access to anything on the net.  News readers, telnet, ftp and like
software being operated from a minor account would check a file in the
adult account to allow access.  Newsreaders, in particular, would censor
any posts crossed from a non-allowed account.  The control files in the
supervisory accounts would default to allow-only mode, but could be
selected to deny-only.
The legal framework that I see important in aiding such a system is as
State Level:
1)  Declare to hold harmless those BBS operators for charges of Contributing
to the Delinquacy of a Minor that obtain and verify the age of account
holders, and maintain a NYET system of access for minors.  Certain
acceptable verification methods specified, with authority to add methods
delegated to a regulatory agency.  Emphasis to be on ease and speed of
verification.  Special consideration for in-house systems.
2)  Make it illegal to misrepresent age and name data to a BBS.  Require
BBS operators to maintain a record of age and name of account holders for
thirty days after opening of account for hold harmless agreement, and
allowing deletion of said data afterwards.
3)  Declare aiding in tampering with NYET system to be "Contributing to the
Delequency of a Minor".
Federal Level:
Pass paralell laws for BBSs operating with local numbers from two or
more states, or for BBSs operating with 800 numbers.
I believe that such a system would protect the full free expression currently enjoyed by the net, while reaffirming parental responsibility in the upbringing of their children.  The burden of controlling access
devolves all the way to the parents, making charges against BBS operators
patently frivolous.  Porno charges would then be MUCH more difficult to
press, since a jury could be told that specific steps were being taken to
prevent access to minors.  If parents complained that they didn't want to
go to the trouble of spelling out what their children could access, the
response is clear:  "Oh, so it's not worth the effort to you?"
Despite slurs in this group to the contrary, I believe that the proposed us.* heirarchy may well be the first in a series of attempts to censor the net.  Remember, we already have had a censor for TV, movies, and radio.
It is not really a question of _if_ but _who_ and at _what level_ will this
censoring take place.
(Adjusting flame gear)

@_date: 1994-07-28 07:55:23
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: (fwd) Possible compromise of anon.penet.fi 
Path: math.utexas.edu!news.dell.com!tadpole.com!uunet!spool.mu.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!gatech!news-feed-1.peachnet.edu!news.duke.edu!eff!news.kei.com!hermes.oc.com!convex!cnn.eng.convex.com!barnett
Newsgroups: alt.privacy
Organization: CONVEX News Network, Engineering (cnn.eng), Richardson, Tx USA
Lines: 29
NNTP-Posting-Host: zeppelin.convex.com
Someone has been collecting email addresses, apparently from postings
to Usenet, and forging them to anonymous postings through
anon.penet.fi to alt.test.
The text of the posting states the REAL email address of the poster,
under a posting attributed to the anonymous ID assigned to that
I received a notification that an anonymous ID has allocated for me,
followed by a confirmation of a posting to alt.test.  Looking in
alt.test, you will see as many as 500 similar postings.  Most of the
anonymous IDs are numbered sequentially.
However, there are some lower numbered anonymous IDs, presumably in
previous use by the addressee named in the text of the message.  These
anonymous addresses are now compromised.
I am posting to this newsgroup because there appears to be some
correlation between the contributers to this newsgroup and the
addresses that were forged to the messages.  It may be coincidental,
but I thought this was a fair place to post a warning anyway.
My condolences to those people that have been caught in this net.
This is one of the most despicable forms of net.terrorism that I have

@_date: 1994-07-28 20:30:39
@_author: Someone didn't even get THAT right... 
@_subject: Just say NYET to kneejerking 
I must admit that I'm disappointed.  I figured that I would take some hits,
but for people to only scan a post before reaching for the lighter...
Highlights of the post:
0- I'm a pro-elctronic privacy religous rightist.
        (Someone didn't even get THAT right...)
1- We are rapidly approaching a point that there will be a broad-based    demand for censorship.  If the net is to survive in a recognizable
   form, we have to head this off.
   Specifically, BBS sysops have been drug into court on porno or aiding the
   deliquency of a minor charges.  I advance the proposition that we need
   to establish a system that will allow sysops to be able to brush these
   attacks off.
2- The censorship that I advance is censorship _by parents_ _for their own
   children_.  Only.     People have talked about cable boxxes and telephones.  Are you not aware
   that many cable companies offer boxes with a (physical) key that must be
   present in order for certain channels to come through?  That the phone
   companies currently allow customers to disallow outgoing 900 calls?  My
   idea is to implement a net-equivalent system--household by household
   determination of what will be allowed into their homes.
3- In this system, the work to determine which parts of the net to allow/
   disallow access to falls entirely on the parents.
4- I believe that this system could be used to gain the protection sysops
   deserve.     Look at the system.  Imagine you were trying to sue/prosecute a sysop who    utilized such a system.  One what basis could you attack?  All decisions
   to allow access were determined by the parent.  The sysop genuinely
   attempts to verify that adults are adults.
   Let me repeat.  This system is an attempt to cut of an almost certain
attempt by some to censor the net.  If we can get this in place, if we can
get legislatures to recognize the system, we should be able to defeat
censorship attempts by people who, from the net's point of view, are on the
margins of society, but, from the nations point of view, are only slightly
"right" of center.
  For those of you who wish to attack me on this, I must insist that you
read my proposal, _in its entirety_.  I am re-posting the article in case
you deleted it.
  I want the net to continue to function as is, with further extensions.
  I want to be able to let my kids (when I have them) on this same net, w/o
    being asked "What's bestiality?"
  I am not about to demand that net users modify their behavior to
    accomdate me.
  I want a system in place so that sysops aren't forced to constantly
    overlook their entire system in order to avoid legal hassles.
A nation that fears guns in the hands of its citzens.... should.

@_date: 1994-07-28 20:31:10
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: NYET objections 
There were two objections raised so far that could actually apply.
1) Kids will talk about what they want to talk about.
That's true, unavoidable, etc etc etc.  Also irrelevant.  I'm not talking
about censoring what leaves a home.  I'm talking about parents themselves
limiting what comes in.  I'm talking about a parent deciding that Jonny
doesn't need to know a.s.b even exists.  If a parent decides that some
newsgroup or some file system contains info they don't want coming in, they
kill it themselves, from their own home, for their own kids.  ONLY.
2) What about crossposts?
I intended to specifically mention crossposts.  A message that was
crossposted from/to a forbidden group is itself not displayed.

@_date: 1994-07-29 07:11:33
@_author: Adjusting flame gear 
@_subject: NYET to censors, REPOST 
For those of you who didn't read it all last time...
Copyright 1994, Nathan Zook.  All rights reserved.  Intelectual copyrights
NYET-- Non-Youths Exhibit Temperance.
Before I start, it may be informative to consider that I consider myself to
be a hard-line member of the Christian Conservative movement, and a hard-
line advocate of electronic privacy.  I am a PhD candidate in mathematics
at the University of Texas of Austin, and I got the Electronic Privacy
language added to the 1994 Republican Party of Texas platform.  I am a
member of Trinty Evangelical Free Church, and am twenty-seven years old.
As the Internet community continues to grow, the differences of conviction
that exists generally in the world find their way into the community.  Some
demand that newcomers to the net adapt to the mores of this society.  Some
demand that the net, as a newcomer to the world, adapt to the outside.  As
recent events have demonstrated, the less reasonable, on both sides, may be
endangering the integrity and availablity of the net.  Calls for net
censorship, it may be expected, will continue to grow unless the net can
find some way to police itself.  Yet "police itself" is a term that sends
the net into fits.  My solution, NYET, is for the appropriate users to
directly censor the data that they might legitmately lay claim to
censoring--data that flows to minors over which they have legal authority
and responsibility.
Specifically, this is a plan to create two sorts of accounts to the net--
adult and minor.  Adult accounts may only be obtained by persons of age
eighteen.  Minor accounts may only be obtained as adjuncts to adult
accounts, refered to as supervisor accounts.  Adult accounts would have
full access to anything on the net.  News readers, telnet, ftp and like
software being operated from a minor account would check a file in the
adult account to allow access.  Newsreaders, in particular, would censor
any posts crossed from a non-allowed account.  The control files in the
supervisory accounts would default to allow-only mode, but could be
selected to deny-only.
The legal framework that I see important in aiding such a system is as
State Level:
1)  Declare to hold harmless those BBS operators for charges of Contributing
to the Delinquacy of a Minor that obtain and verify the age of account
holders, and maintain a NYET system of access for minors.  Certain
acceptable verification methods specified, with authority to add methods
delegated to a regulatory agency.  Emphasis to be on ease and speed of
verification.  Special consideration for in-house systems.
2)  Make it illegal to misrepresent age and name data to a BBS.  Require
BBS operators to maintain a record of age and name of account holders for
thirty days after opening of account for hold harmless agreement, and
allowing deletion of said data afterwards.
3)  Declare aiding in tampering with NYET system to be "Contributing to the
Delequency of a Minor".
Federal Level:
Pass paralell laws for BBSs operating with local numbers from two or
more states, or for BBSs operating with 800 numbers.
I believe that such a system would protect the full free expression currently enjoyed by the net, while reaffirming parental responsibility in the upbringing of their children.  The burden of controlling access
devolves all the way to the parents, making charges against BBS operators
patently frivolous.  Porno charges would then be MUCH more difficult to
press, since a jury could be told that specific steps were being taken to
prevent access to minors.  If parents complained that they didn't want to
go to the trouble of spelling out what their children could access, the
response is clear:  "Oh, so it's not worth the effort to you?"
Despite slurs in this group to the contrary, I believe that the proposed us.* heirarchy may well be the first in a series of attempts to censor the net.  Remember, we already have had a censor for TV, movies, and radio.
It is not really a question of _if_ but _who_ and at _what level_ will this
censoring take place.
(Adjusting flame gear)

@_date: 1994-08-09 08:02:22
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: (fwd) Anonymous posters & Misinformation = Net pollution 
Path: math.utexas.edu!news.dell.com!swrinde!cs.utexas.edu!uwm.edu!reuter.cse.ogi.edu!netnews.nwnet.net!news.u.washington.edu!mcdaniel
Newsgroups: talk.politics.misc,news.admin.policy
Organization: University of Washington
Lines: 39
NNTP-Posting-Host: stein4.u.washington.edu
Keywords: misinformation disinformation propaganda net anon anonymous
Xref: math.utexas.edu talk.politics.misc:239273 news.admin.policy:19179
The problem:  Anonymous posters supplying pseudo-news reports or
otherwise wasting bandwidth in groups more concerened with fact
or atleast genuine concerns (such as political talk groups and
sci groups.)
The soultion: Limited anonymous posters to forums where accountability
for what one says is of little concern (such as rec groups where
applicable.)   OR provide the owners of moderated groups with detailed
accounts of the true identity of any anonymous poster who post to
a serious newsgroup and make that procedure known to the would-be
anonymous user.
I attempted recently to secure the actual address of an anon poster
who deliberetly spread misinformation concerning a non-existant
U.S. Presidential Executive Order and a news-look-alike story dealing
with proven falsehoods.
Needless to say the administrator of the popular anon.penet.fi server
has not been cooperative.  I suggest that groups wishing to deal with
issues based a little stronger in reality ban anonymous posters and
encourage their posters NEVER to repeat information supplied by anonymous
posters elsewhere.  Some groups have already come to that same conclusion.
I believe that anonymous posting is a valuable service in many forums.
However, it seems that service is being abused in political and technical
I suppose yet another solution would be to make widely known the
general untrustability of anonymous posters in groups where truth and
fact are paramount.  But this letter should go a tiny ways towards that
Opinions?  -McDaniel

@_date: 1994-08-09 08:02:28
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Anonymous posters & Misinformation = Net pollution 
Path: math.utexas.edu!news.dell.com!swrinde!cs.utexas.edu!usc!rand.org!usenet
Newsgroups: talk.politics.misc,news.admin.policy
Organization: Banzai Institute
Lines: 51
References: <32253p$220
Reply-To: jim
NNTP-Posting-Host: mycroft.rand.org
Keywords: misinformation disinformation propaganda net anon anonymous
Xref: math.utexas.edu talk.politics.misc:239321 news.admin.policy:19182
In article <32253p$220
Since you asked: my opinion is that there are more non-anonymous posters
supplying pseudo-news reports or otherwise wasting bandwidth in serious
groups.  For example, in sci.crypt one poster consistently posts off-topic
flamebait, and others consistently take the bait; while there's widespread
consternation and killfiling, so far as I know nobody's suggested
retroactively moderating him.  On the other side, a consistent anonymous
poster has produced and released useful crypto and digicash code...  I
assume his/her identity is masked to avoid ITAR prosecution for sending
crypto out of the US without a license.
In short, anonymity isn't the problem: cluelessness is the problem.  In
sci.crypt we may to eventually get rid of off-topic posts by moderating.
I would hope the moderators will let anything clueful through, whether
it's anonymous or not.  I'll point out in passing that an anonymous poster
can build up a reputation the same way as anybody else simply by signing
articles with the same PGP key each time -- I'd be more confident that a
signed message is from Pr0duct Cypher (i.e. the same person who posted as
Pr0duct Cypher  month) than that an unsigned one is from McDaniel...
I could forge one of the latter in a trice.
McDaniel also said:
This sounds challenging.  Many of the for-profit services allow the users
to pick their own net identity... it's a feature.  Do you know the True
Name of the person behind the account evidence  Do you think
Netcom would cough it up without a court order?  Either AOL or Delphi --
I forget which, now -- allows users to have several different identities
for their Net traffic.  How would  prove  identity to this moderator?
Maybe by signing my application to post with my PGP key, which is in turn
signed by somebody they trust?  Seems quite difficult.   certainly
wouldn't want that burden as a moderator.
I suggest you devote your time to finding a way to suppress idiocy and
cluelessness on the Net in general... and if you can have it in place
before the fall quarter starts, that would be lovely.
        Jim Gillogly
        Trewesday, 15 Wedmath S.R. 1994, 15:17

@_date: 1994-08-09 08:02:36
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Anonymous posters & Misinformation = Net pollution 
Path: math.utexas.edu!news.dell.com!swrinde!cs.utexas.edu!usc!nic-nac.CSU.net!charnel.ecst.csuchico.edu!olivea!decwrl!decwrl!amd!amdahl!svpal.org!svpal.org!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: talk.politics.misc,news.admin.policy
Organization: Silicon Valley Public Access Link
Lines: 30
References: <32253p$220
NNTP-Posting-Host: localhost.svpal.org
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]
Xref: math.utexas.edu talk.politics.misc:239317 news.admin.policy:19181
: The problem:  Anonymous posters supplying pseudo-news reports or
: otherwise wasting bandwidth in groups more concerened with fact
: or atleast genuine concerns (such as political talk groups and
: sci groups.)
: I believe that anonymous posting is a valuable service in many forums.
: However, it seems that service is being abused in political and technical
: newsgroups.
: I suppose yet another solution would be to make widely known the
: general untrustability of anonymous posters in groups where truth and
: fact are paramount.  But this letter should go a tiny ways towards that
: goal.
: Opinions?  Nice in theory, but....
How do know if someone is anonymous? Doesn't the act of checking itself show that you have doubts?
What if someone using their real name posts that they have seen a flying saucer? Or posts an astrological prediction? If someone believes everything they are told, the consequence is their responsibility.
Just my $2.00 worth. (I value my opinion 100 times greater than other's)
 Bill

@_date: 1994-08-09 08:02:52
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Anonymous posters & Misinformation = Net pollution 
Newsgroups: talk.politics.misc,news.admin.policy
Path: math.utexas.edu!news.dell.com!swrinde!howland.reston.ans.net!math.ohio-state.edu!uwm.edu!news.alpha.net!mvb.saic.com!eskimo!wix
Keywords: misinformation disinformation propaganda net anon anonymous
Organization: Eskimo North BBS - The BEST! (206) 367-3837
References: <32253p$220
Lines: 55
Xref: math.utexas.edu talk.politics.misc:239350 news.admin.policy:19183
In article <32253p$220
Non-problem.  Anonymous posters don't propogate any more
disinformation, lies, or junk than "real" posters.  I could post
my kill file for t.p.g in support of this, but I won't.
Anyone who belives anything posted to the net without
verification has only themselves to blame.  A well-known person
posting from a prestigious .edu site has no more authority than
any anon poster.  The credence you place on the content has to be
determined by the posters previous statements.  Indeed, I find
that several people post very accurate and insightful articles in
some groups, but in others their personal biases are very obvious
and their posts are worth no more than the typical TV news "man on
the street" interview.

@_date: 1994-08-09 08:02:33
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Anonymous posters & Misinformation = Net pollution 
Path: math.utexas.edu!news.dell.com!tadpole.com!uunet!news.sprintlink.net!sun.cais.com!cais2.cais.com!jdfalk
Newsgroups: talk.politics.misc,news.admin.policy
Organization: Capital Area Internet Service
Lines: 2
References: <32253p$220
NNTP-Posting-Host: 199.0.216.200
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]
Xref: math.utexas.edu talk.politics.misc:239596 news.admin.policy:19191
at every site.  This will not happen.

@_date: 1994-08-09 08:02:41
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: (fwd) Re: Anonymous posters & Misinformation = Net pollution 
Path: math.utexas.edu!news.dell.com!tadpole.com!uunet!spool.mu.edu!news.clark.edu!netnews.nwnet.net!news.u.washington.edu!mcdaniel
Newsgroups: talk.politics.misc,news.admin.policy
Organization: University of Washington
Lines: 16
References: <32253p$220 <3264ga$adk
NNTP-Posting-Host: stein3.u.washington.edu
Xref: math.utexas.edu talk.politics.misc:239698 news.admin.policy:19195
Oh?   All it would require is for anonymous posting services to keep
a list of the onwers of moderated newsgroups and notify the individual
moderator on a periodical basis, as to what the real e-mail address
of the anonymous poster is (and what message the posted.)
Right now many moderated groups have banned anonymous posting.
I only hope that trend continues in groups where misinformation
is very destructive (political and sci groups for instance.)

@_date: 1994-08-09 13:20:26
@_author: fwd 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) Anonymous posters & Misinformation = Net pollution 
Could you chalk this one up my lack of sophistication as a net.user?
I thought c-punks might want to shower this guy with dissenting opinion.
No, I've not done so--my poster is down...
