
@_date: 1996-11-22 07:06:54
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: RE: Mass-market crypto phones 
At 09:41 AM 11/22/96 -6, Peter Trei wrote (in part):
Lots of TV specials lately on stealing cell-phone codes and cloning phones.
Seems to me that this would be ridiculously easy to stop using crypto.  As a side issue (related to your comment about banning the listening in on
cell-phone calls).  I find it pretty amazing that it is possible to make it
illegal to listen to signals broadcast over public airways.  Yet another way
crypto will help society - it will make such laws restricting our freedoms
        Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1996-11-27 05:21:01
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Re: wealth and property rights 
This is provably bullshit.  Look at the HUGE numbers of people in this
country who make the economic decision to do nothing and go on welfare vs.
going to work.  Examine carefully the economic performance of the US vs the
Soviet Union - two countries with quite similar natural resources and
population.  To believe as you do belongs in the same category as believing
in the tooth fairy and Santa Claus.  It requires complete ignorance of reality.
More bullshit.  You don't know what anyones motives are.  To ascribe your
motivations to Bill Gates is unrealistic.  What is your defined limit on what people should earn?  A thought
experiment.  The govt decides that the maximum anyone can earn in a lifetime
is $10M.  Bill Gates earns his $10M, he then decides that he doesn't feel
like working for free, so he quits.  Pretty soon, the people most effective
at creating wealth in society will all "reach their limit" and quit.  Then
the economic growth rates in this country can approach those of the
socialist societies that you seem to adore.  Either that or the best and
brightest will leave.  See my above points.  Implement this and prepare the for US to become a
third world country.  100% inheritance taxes would probably be the largest
incentive for people to leave (they leave now with ONLY a 50% inheritance
tax).  And who would get the money?  Those who are producing nothing, giving
them even greater incentives for producing nothing (heck, get welfare
payments up around $50K and I would quit work - I could find lots of
enjoyable and intellectually stimulating ways to keep myself busy!).
Bullshit.  See above.
You are extremely idealistic.  Try coming back to reality.  Examine the
"test cases" for the policies you advocate (and there are plenty of examples
of socialist policies both in this country and others) - and realistically
assess the consequences.  If you do this, you will find that these policies
are unworkable, and lead to lower - not higher standards of living for
everyone.          Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1996-11-27 12:12:22
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Re: wealth and property rights 
The average welfare benefit (including food stamps, medicaid, and all the
other myriad programs) is $10/hr.  Compare to a minimum wage of $5/hr.
Offer most welfare recipients a minimum wage job and they will laugh in your
face.  (In fact, here in Michigan most employers are already paying several
$$ above minimum wage, and often these jobs are unfilled).
I don't claim to know the motives.  I am examining empirical evidence.  As
the welfare benefit increases, more go on welfare, as it decreases, less go
on welfare.  Someone is making economic decisions, consciously or
unconsciously.          Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1996-11-27 12:36:26
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Re: wealth and property rights 
Just because lots of white folks get it for a short time it must be OK then
;-) Welfare (and the so-called safety net) hurt far more people than it
helps.  The poverty rate in this country is unchanged after 30 years of
transfer payments totalling over a trillion dollars.  The worst living
conditions in the country are in areas of subsidized housing.  It ought to
start clicking with someone soon that the only people the current system
really helps are in Washington DC. I don't have a solution, but I can face
the reality that what we currently have doesn't work.  By extension, I
believe that most changes offered (more $$, minor tweaks to the system),
will offer similarly poor results.
Micheal Moore is far down on my list of reputable authors.  His point is
blatantly untrue, as it equates direct transfer payments (welfare) to tax
breaks (in the same light, your mortgage and dependant deductions should
count as transfer payments to individuals).  Not that I am for corporate
welfare.  Personally, I am for elimination of corporate income tax entirely
- who do you think really pays it?  Hint - it is you and me in higher prices
for goods and lower return on investments.  As such, it is the worst kind of
tax, an invisible one.
BINGO!  You win the prize.  We also have lower unemployment, higher GDP
growth and more economic stability than any of the other large
industrialized counties. You think there might be a correlation there? This is just silly.  If you run a business you are employing lots of folks,
and you are delivering a product or service.  This is producing.  If you are
a shareholder, you are risking your capital to support a business, hoping
that business will grow, producing more jobs, etc.  Besides, because of the
growth of 401K plans, the majority of Americans now fall into the
shareholder category. As I said, I don't agree with corporate welfare.  Of course, GM produces far
more jobs than the average welfare recipient.
Agreed.  But how do you redistribute wealth without a statist society?  The
only reason I pay taxes is because I will go to jail if I don't.
        Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1996-11-27 13:10:14
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Re: wealth and property rights 
Can't give you the exact date, but it was an article in our local paper (The
Detroit News).  The $10 figure is not exact, as the actual number varies
from state to state, I remember that number as being about average.
You got me there :-)
I don't mind helping my neighbors.  Of course, they live next door and I
know them!  The problem is that the welfare creates a system where behaviour
that is generally bad for society is subsidized.  The incentives are all
wrong.  And no, I don't think the minimum wage should be increased either.
Increasing the minimum wage at a time when you are pushing people off of
welfare is the wrong action, because it decreases the number of jobs
available.          Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1996-11-28 06:41:02
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Re: IQ and age 
Have we had an influx of fuzzy-thinking liberals lately?  Not that this is a
bad thing, it is hard to argue with people who agree with you on everything :-)
The ability to spell helps to gaurentee success as well.  Seriously, you
ignore the correlation between performance in college and standardized test
scores.  There is a reason these are used in admissions - they are actually
pretty good predictors of the ability to perform college level work.
Oh, I forgot.  Only certain racial/ethnic groups are capable of
understanding basic mathematical concepts.  Of course, caucasians are one of
these groups (since they consistently are outperformed by immigrants from
other countries).  I know it makes you feel good to believe that all that is wrong is caused by
conspiracies led by the EVIL RICH in this country.  I happen to feel better
believing in the potential for any individual in this country to succeed
through hard work.
        Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1996-11-28 10:08:42
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: RE: IQ and age 
Apples and oranges.  I was referring to the correlation of college GPA to
SAT scores (which is higher than the correlation between high school GPA and
college GPA).  GPA measures the ability to do college-level work.  As such,
SAT scores are very relevant.  As you said,  of college probably
does involve lots of other factors. I would not expect a high correlation
between standardized test scores and completion rates.
My point exactly.  It is these cultural factors, not the amount of money the
parents make, that is really the important aspect.  It does seem unfortunate
however that in many lower income families, there is less of an emphasis on
scholastic achievement.  Anecdotal evidence, but I have known people at many levels of society.  I
have never met anyone who "works hard" that is in dire straits.  Some have
struggled for a time (I know I did!), but eventually the hard work paid off.
        Clay

@_date: 1996-12-04 06:28:01
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Re: more IPG and random numbers 
The chi-square test is fairly easy to implement.  Understanding the
alogrithm and interpreting what the test results mean is as important as a
proper implementation.  An excellent text that covers testing PRNGs
(including, chi-square, KS, runs (up, down, above & below the mean), and
autocorrelation) is Simulation Modeling & Analysis, by Law & Kelton.
Yes.  It tests yet another aspect of "is the data truly random?"
Unless the V is a typo, there is an error in the code.  The chi-square
statistic can never be negative.
I did considerable testing on random() a while back.  It is actually quite
good at producing a uniform distribution.  There were other problems however
(notably autocorrelation in triplets).
I suggest you take a look at the chi-square program and check it for errors.
Based on the above observations, I am a little suspicious of your results. As a side note, I tend to test PRNGs using stream lengths that are similar
to what I will need in a real use of the generator.  I also test multiple
seeds, because statistically, some seeds will fail.  Of course, testing
multiple seeds has its own problems (see the bonferroni inequality) of which
most non-statisticians are unaware.  I have been curious for a while about developing a statistical test that
would examine the expected number of failures of a repeated statistical
test. Haven't had the time to look into it yet though - not enough hours in
the day.
Clay Olbon			    olbon
engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1996-12-15 13:47:24
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Medical anonymity 
It probably should no longer surprise me when the popular press is ignorant
of anonymity, but of course it still does.  There were several otherwise
excellent articles in the Detroit News today ( about
DNA research and inherited diseases (specifically breast cancer).  The gist
of one of the stories is that there are several reasons that deter people
from being tested for genetic predispositions to disease, but that one of
the primary ones is the fear of losing one's health insurance.  Nowhere in
the article was the possibility of anonymous testing mentioned.  This is a
severe oversight in my opinion.  Clearly, being tested for a genetic
disorder would not require disclosure of one's true name, and the testing
could be paid for in cash (of course providing genetic material could
eventually be indexed into a database to discover that true name, but I
doubt we are there yet, at least I hope not!)
The implication of most articles regarding this subject are that "there
ought to be a law" prohibiting disclosure by medical practioners.  Of
course, most of us would probably agree that the proper approach is allowing
non-disclosure by those tested.  I don't know whether this is currently
"legal", is there a legal requirement that medical practioners have "true
names" before testing?  Medical testing provides a unique opportunity to acquaint the public with
the benefits of anonymity.  Most americans can clearly see the payoff - not
having your health insurance cancelled.  Other anonymous transactions have
somewhat less tangible benefits for the majority of americans (sorry to be
so america-centric, maybe I should change the phrasing to citizen-units ;-)
That's my minor rant for a Sunday AM.  Now back to my x-mas shopping!
        Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
sys-admin, engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1997-01-11 09:58:52
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Re: IMPORTANT: Additional information about UDCM. 
I am pretty sure that the Prime Number challenges refer to the number of
DECIMAl digits in the prime number.  Otherwise excellent responses to the simplistic mumbo-jumbo.  Good to see
you posting again!
        Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
sys-admin, engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1997-01-13 16:13:37
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Newt's phone calls 
I just caught the news reports of Newt Gingrich's cell phone calls being
taped by "a little old retired couple" with a scanner.  These were then
given to a congressman, who gave them to a newspaper.
The take on this that we won't hear is: "This is outrageous!  Why don't
cell-phones offer encryption to ensure our privacy?"
Unfortunately, I think crypto is still so far beneath the public
consciousness that the obvious solution to these sorts of problems is
ignored in favor of the "there oughta be a law" non-solution.  (Of course,
in this case there is a law!) What I really hope this incident spawns is a
market ...
        Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
sys-admin, engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.

@_date: 1997-01-14 18:01:59
@_author: Clay Olbon II 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
The congressman (Boehner? from Ohio) whose cellphone was "eavesdropped"
stated today that he was parked in the lot of a Waffle House in Lake City
FL.  The couple said that they just happened to be driving by when they
overheard and began taping the conversation.
I have a problem with making it illegal to listen to parts of the
electromagnetic spectrum.  Seems sort of unnatural.  Maybe they will decide
that people who can see the color green will go to jail next ;-)
Technological solutions are much more elegant.  Of course, they are not
nearly as sexy as legal remedies (I can't wait to see if the congressman who
gave it to the Times is indicted!)
       Clay
Clay Olbon			    olbon
sys-admin, engineer, programmer, statistitian, etc.
