
@_date: 1996-08-03 06:58:46
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: Silliness on cypherpunks 
At most, they might be privately directed to the appropriate URL or other reference.  Some take the time to answer such questions by providing an exercise which should lead the individual to the answer.  Chances are, though, that they're perfectly aware of Schneir's book and numerous other FAQ's of relevance.  That means most likely we're dealing with laziness - which does not deserve a response
I believe that's called "learning."  Unfortunately, far too many people engage in what I call "willful ignroance."   I'm not an engineer.  I'm not a mathmetician.  I don't fully understand everything I've read here.  If I'm interested, however, I look further and read up on the subject so I can make informed queries if needed.
Some seem to think that this list is cruel to newcomers by posting sarcastic responses to newbie inquiries.  This list assumes some amount of prior knowledge on the part of it's members.  It is not the place for "what does PGP stand for?" questions.
me too.

@_date: 1996-08-06 12:34:21
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: NYtimes on " 'net telphony" 
An article I found on Internet Telephony today in the New York Times.  article also contained a diagram of a traditional Point-to-point synchronous phone call and a packet-switched Internet call which shoed pieces of a sentence being transferred over multiple routes.
"         _ Free Long Distance
              Phone Calls! (Computer Extra)_
          By PETER H. LEWIS                Sometimes Internet technology moves faster than the
               speed of sound.           Nearly 400 Intel Corp. engineers were waiting for Brian
          Frank to stage a demonstration of Internet telephones last
          week at a business meeting in Oregon, when suddenly his
          laptop computer started ringing.           Frank, a summer intern, had just finished loading new
          software that would let him place a phone call from his
          laptop to an associate's PC backstage. But before he could
          make the call, someone in Norway had seen Frank's network
          connection pop up on an Internet phone directory on the
          World Wide Web and dialed him up. "
"        For the Intel engineers, it was an industry wake-up call.
          Hitherto a hacker's hobby, the use of microphones and
          computers to place phone calls, send faxes and transmit
          pager signals over the Internet now seems ready to emerge as
          a serious business opportunity. "
"        Technical drawbacks still keep Internet telephony from being
          a true substitute for the good old, reliable telephone
          network. And yet, the number of regular Internet telephone
          users is expected to rise from fewer than 400,000 last year
          to 16 million by 1999, according to a forecast from the
          research company International Data Corp. By that year, IDC
          predicts, Internet telephony could constitute a $500 million
          market.           Beyond cheap phone calls, the possible applications include:
          -- Catalogue shopping on the World Wide Web, where the
          customer could speak live with a sales agent.           -- Work-team software that would enable groups working
          collaboratively on documents via the Internet to converse
          about the project, too.           -- Adding voice capabilities to multiplayer computer games
          like "Doom" or "Quake," so that teammates could coach one
          another and jeer the opposition. "
"         In fact, Intel and Microsoft late last month jointly
          announced a set of technical standards that are intended to
          promote compatibility among various makes of hardware and
          software used in Internet telephony. "
"         "A lot of people look at Internet telephony as a replacement
          or alternative for long-distance service, and that's the
          most obvious use for it today," said Frederic H. Yeomans,
          marketing manager for Intel's Internet and communications
          group in Hillsboro, Ore. But Yeomans said the technology was
          advancing so quickly that new applications, possibly ones
          not yet imagined, would inevitably arise. "
(hype?  You make the call..)
"        Telephone companies appear to be divided over how to respond
          to the technological challenges.           "Everyone would agree it's a compelling, alternative form of
          communication, and we're excited about it," said Mark
          Fisher, vice president for Pacific Bell Internet Services in
          San Francisco, a unit of the regional Bell holding company
          Pacific Telesis. "
"         Other, smaller phone companies are not as optimistic, and
          are mounting a legal and lobbying challenge to try to halt
          competition from the computer industry. "
          NYT-08-04-96 1932EDT          Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company What follows is more hype about a "killer app" that will bring this technology to the forefront. Little is said about current bandwitdth limitations or PC technology limitations.  Nothing is said of crypto technology either.

@_date: 1996-08-06 10:38:02
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: NYtimes OPed pro-wiretapping 8/2 
found this today as well.  One negative reply letter was also posted.
"August 2, 1996
          Listening in on Terrorism
          By PHILIP HEYMANN
          CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -- President Clinton's major proposals
          for new powers to fight terrorism are useful and pose
          no threat to Americans' civil liberties. "
( oooookkaaay...)
"         Many of these measures are intended only to give government
          as much power to thwart terrorism as it already has to
          combat other criminal acts."
(do go on...I'm fascinated now)
"         The part of the plan that has drawn the most criticism from
          across the political spectrum involves proposals to increase
          the Government's investigative powers, particularly through
          wiretapping and other methods of monitoring phone calls. "
(assertion follows that current laws are inadequate for electronic surveillance against terrorism.)
"        In criminal cases the courts have never considered the use
          of devices that record the numbers of incoming or outgoing
          calls on a telephone to be significant invasions of privacy."
(Never mind what the "people" might say)
"         But there is no similar provision for investigations of
          suspected foreign terrorists. Under the President's
          proposal, agents would be allowed to use the devices if they
          can show that it is relevant to a terrorism investigation."
(not exactly sure how a terrorist investigation differs from a criminal investigation...but this is the distinction Heyman is drawing.  In his view, current law is not sufficient against domestic terrorist investigation.) "        Under current law, officials must get a separate warrant for
          each phone the suspect uses unless they can prove the
          suspect is changing phones purposely to thwart
          investigation. This is a stricter standard than is applied
          even to requests to plant a microphone to overhear a           suspect."
"        Government agents would still be required to
          show probable cause that the suspect is committing one of
          the offenses on the Federal list and that the calls being
          monitored will concern that crime. "
(Gosh!  Who knew the government and the FBI were so powerless?)
"        Philip Heymann, a former Deputy Attorney General in the
          Clinton Administration, is a professor at Harvard Law School
          and the Kennedy School of Government.                       Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company "
(big shock, eh?)
To say that Mr. Heymann is being misleading is an understatement.  He ignores that the government wishes to be able to wiretap for 48 hours without prior court approval.  He attempts to imply that the roving wiretap is focused on an individual rather than a location or locations.  And he seems to believe that all of these enormous powers will not be abused.
I wonder if he would feel differently if his personal FBI file was among those gathered by the Clinton administration.

@_date: 1996-08-09 11:18:57
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: PGP public key servers are NOT useful! 
Yes, that's unpreventable.  It still does not change the fact that it is up to the person using your public key to determine if you are indeed that actual owner of that key.
RTFM.  Look, go into PGP and try to change your key ID.  You will note that PGP asks you to provide the passphrase to your secret key before allowing an id change.  Someone could not get your public key off of a keyserver and change the id of the key.  The need both your secret key and your passphrase to do that.
Now someone could create a key-pair themselves and  falsely assign your e-mail address and some miscellaneous crap as the ID.  They could then upload the"rogue" public key portion of this keypair to the servers.
However, the falsity of this "rogue" public key can be easily determined by you and anyone who is trying to communicate securely with you.  All of this is explained with great clarity in the PGP Think about this...
Suppose I knew who you were and knew your e-mail address.  What's to stop me from creating a "rogue" key-pair with your address as the e-mail id and uploading it to the keyservers?  Just because you don't utilize the keyservers, doesn't mean your public key can't be placed there.  "Controlling" the distribution of your public key is giving you a false sense of security where none is really needed.
Ponder: why is a public key called a "public" key?
"Controlling" the distribution of you public key is a pointless exercise.  Controlling authentication is what you and those who communicate securely with you whould be concerned about.

@_date: 1996-09-06 19:25:15
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: What is the EFF doing exactly? 
Indeed. It appears the Unabomber has taken away the privelege of dropping stamped mail weighing over 16ozs into street-side mailboxes. One is now instructed to take these packages to a post-office mail clerk for mailing.
(Of course it's unclear just what would be done if a package weighing over that magical 16ozs was left in a mailbox)
What strikes me as odd is that the arguments against anonymous communication are nearly identical to those against strong crypto.  ie. the same four horsemen flare up in these discussions.  Yet we have parties who are ostensibly pro-crypto but anti-anonymity.
To put it in a nutshell, in a free society I can have a private conversation, but I must essentially announce that I am having one and who I am having that conversation with?
Do you believe the benefits of privacy outweigh the costs?  Do you feel the same about cryptography and believe it to be an essential tool to advance the privacy of individuals?  Then you _must_ be an advocate of anonymity and anonymous communications.  Privacy as a right and a reality does not exist without the capability for anonymity.

@_date: 1996-09-07 01:50:56
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: Reputations 
Of course they could exploit that.  But you're not "anti-believing" the information an untrusted party is passing.  Rather, you are not acting on their information in *any* fashion.  You're ignoring them.  In the case of the common killfile, you may not even know that they're talking at you.  It is significant work.  How much work depends on how valuable the transactions you are considering are to you.
It's not as if the notion of reputation capital doesn't have precedent. When I make a purchase for my business, I do quite a bit of checking on the background of individuals and businesses I am purchasing from. The amount of reference work I do depends on how much I intend to spend.  Furthermore, I am much more apt to do business with individuals who have been referred by other trusted parties (a transfer of raputation capital).
Also my initial investment with a relative unknown is usually small.  The repuatation capital of both parties increases relative to one another as a relationship is continued.
You seem to view the notion repuatation capital as absolute.  It is relative to each user of it.  The unnamed you are referring to did indeed come in with quite a bit of negative repuatation capital attached to his name.  While I might regard the opinions of others on the list as being valuable, I chose to see for myself if the unnamed person warranted his bad repuation. In other words, I decide if an when he has "spent down to zero" with me -- even if we never directly communicate.
Why?  That depends on the sophistication of millions of Usenet readers (heh). I think your extension of this example is not useful.  It's impossible not to "intermingle it with other issues" such as the substance of the message itself, the ability to verify any factual information, etc. etc. ad nauseam.  Reputation is but one factor in many and has a mostly negative effect if J. Anonymous Goumand is indeed anonymous.  Change J. Anonymous Gourmand to say, C. Everett Koop, and you can envision a more tangible example of reputation capital in action.

@_date: 1996-10-02 02:29:25
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Clipper III on the table 
Here we go again...from today's NYTimes...Clipper III

@_date: 1996-10-03 00:32:48
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: Clipper III on the table 
If anything, it would not be in their best _marketing_ interests to support GAK.  Rejecting GAK in favor of promoting strong crypto will make them look like "good guys".
This is also true of Micro$oft.  And contrary to an earlier opinion, I think Bill & Co. have been soured by their experiences with DoJ.  While their are far larger motivations involve, I certainly don't think Micro$oft will skip at the chance to thumb their noses at the government if it's to their advantage.
Both of these companies may be willing to support a DES-crack effort
me

@_date: 1996-10-04 06:40:40
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: support for "crack DES" 
Considering the situation -- considering that RSA has even signed on to this scheme -- I'd have to say that I don't give a rat's ass what Bill Gates claims.  If Micro$oft bucks the system, I'll gladly applaud their stand.  The situation is not good at all.
Cracking DES (whether distributed or through a hardware crack, or both!) seems critical at this point.

@_date: 1996-10-04 15:38:31
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: Censorship? 
The "cypherpunks archives" is not owned by the cypherpunks or maintained by toad.com (which is the host of the actual list).  The owner of infinity.nus.sg/cypherpunks webpage maintains the archive.  It is his effort and his choice to restrict the browser.
Anyone is free to provide an archive the list.  And anyone can read the list.
Agreed.  But the cypherpunks is not an "organization" in the strictest sense.  The only "official" aspect of cypherpunks is the list hosted at Of course not.  But the owner of  disagrees and since it's his website and he pays for it and compiles

@_date: 1996-10-05 00:16:42
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Jon Katz retracts...thanx Jon 
"And a final note, on another topic entirely. In Threads and
in my recent columns, I've tried repeatedly to
make the distinction between the original
Cypherpunk mailing list - designed to ensure
anonymous access to information on the Web and,
in other contexts, a techno-anarchist movement -
and the adolescent pinheads using the name
Cypherpunk to successfully block open and free
speech on The Netizen's public forums. They are
not the same thing. The movement to protect
anonymity is an important part of the Web and
the Net. The use of the name to anonymously
attack people is not an embodiment of that
movement, but a perversion of it. I didn't make this distinction clear in my
columns this week. Many thanks to the people who
pointed it out."

@_date: 1996-10-15 19:09:47
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: pgp, edi, s/mime(no need to reply) 
Nonetheless, It's always nice to see that cypherpunks still do write code
and still do run companies.  PGP remains a vital product.
Congratulations to you and best of luck on your efforts.  Your comments and
efforts have helped my understanding of crypto and it's importance.
As I said, no need to reply.  p.s. I know you don't know me from cain, but I thought you'd appreciate a
comment from outside the usual suspects.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-11-15 20:41:31
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Actually, Declan, it's not.  "info cypherpunks" in the body of a message to
majordomo yields the welcome message to the list -- the closest
thing to a charter available.  The subjects of censorship and free speech
are neither mentioned nor alluded to anywhere within that document.
The subjects of censorship & free speech do bear some relationship to the
list's expressed subject and are certainly near and dear to most cypherpunk
hearts.  The government cannot prevent us from discussing the implications of privacy enabled by strong crypto.  Free speech & censorship may even be interesting, entertaining, & important
topics -- hence their consistent recurrance in discussions.  But the above assertion is factually wrong.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-11-16 16:29:15
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Actually, Declan, it's not.  "info cypherpunks" in the body of a message to
majordomo yields the welcome message to the list -- the closest
thing to a charter available.  The subjects of censorship and free speech
are neither mentioned nor alluded to anywhere within that document.
The subjects of censorship & free speech do bear some relationship to the
list's expressed subject and are certainly near and dear to most cypherpunk
hearts.  The government cannot prevent us from discussing the implications of privacy enabled by strong crypto.  Free speech & censorship may even be interesting, entertaining, & important
topics -- hence their consistent recurrance in discussions.  But the above assertion is factually wrong.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-11-25 19:28:53
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: IPG Algorith Broken! 
very true Stay with one nym long enough and the opposite may become true.  I've used
this nym for so long -- though not in these circles -- that I elected to
associate my true name with it.  The nym had far more built-up repuation
that my true name ever would.  (Of course, that's all meaningless here.)
Besides, I *like* the nym.  There is that psychological component of playing
with an alter-ego.  A lot can be said and done behind the veil of a nym that
might not be otherwise.  While many see this a threatening condition I have
always viewed it as an advantage.  Furthermore, it is a somewhat ironic
avenue to truth.  Politeness is not always conducive to getting to the heart
of an issue; nyms have little need for politeness or sugarcoating.
And I would assume another nym in such a circumstance.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-11-26 08:34:07
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: Another Nutty Idea about SPAM 
Of course.  But this does not address the issue of "unscrupulous spammers" which is what Steven was commenting upon.
Okay fine.  The spammer is "advised" but if he is unscrupulous in the first place, he'll simply ignore the advice and continue bulk-mailing to every address he can grab.  Indeed, stupid low-tech spammers would benefit from such a service if they wish to honor "do not send" requests.
I like the idea and if I had the resources, I would do it personally. Optimistically, many bulk e-mailers would sign on to the plan.  (Ironically, one would probably have to solicit bulk e-mailers to sign up).  However, many, being unscrupulous, ignorant, etc. will not be involved.
The only way I see to get bulk e-mailers to utilize this service is to offer a positive and/or negative incentive for usage of the service.  ie. "What do I gain by elminating people from my bulk mail-outs?  What can be done if I don't follow this protocol?"
Ideas?  Comments?

@_date: 1996-11-26 11:46:00
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: Bounty Server, Revisited. 
"cypherpunks write code."  good.
many would pay good money for Linux native versions of programs like Wordperfect, Corelpaint & draw, Pagemaker , etc.
Needs flesh.  What defines "alpha" or "beta" for purposes of bounty or is that up to the person initiating the bounty?
Do you have the charities in mind?  They should be listed in the abstract, I think.
Who will be publicize the initial bounty offer -- the server or bounty initiator?  Information about a specific software project will need to be disseminated beyond bounty.org.  More details on conflict resolution are needed in a final draft.  The process and priorites the server administator will use to make his judgements should be abastractly discussed and possibly 1 or 2 specific hypotheticals detailed.

@_date: 1996-11-27 05:35:57
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Another Nutty Idea about SPAM 
That's the crux of my point.  The spammer's fundamental motivation is money.
People who don't want to receive bulk mailings won't spend money with the
spammers.  However, many spammers don't see it that way.  "What's in it for
me?"  ie. who's gonna pay the spammer for NOT sending his bulk e-mail just
because some folks don't want it.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-12-21 13:01:07
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
That's not what was said.  He said he would not hire on the basis of a
person's inability to speak the English language.  That has nothing
whatsoever to do with color.    If you can't communicate with your
co-workers, how can you expect to get any work done?
(In my thickest Southern Accent) Fuck you.  Speaking with an accent and
speaking proper english are not mutually exclusive. Ebonics and like notions
are an insult.
How did you get this out of the previous post?  If the person is indeed
overqualified, chances are he/she can and will speak English rather than
(let's face it) slang in a job interview.
As has been pointed out in the past, crypto and technology can also be used
to enforce discriminatory practices.  Take off your rosen colored glasses.
Furthermore, there is a great difference between a heavy "asian" accent and
ebonics.  A person who struggles with the English language because it is not
his native tongue, I respect.  The notion that "black English" is a
separate language is absurd.  It is slang. off to eat my grits and learn me sum perl.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-12-21 20:31:15
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
There's this little game called "Doom" that was released for free a few
years back.  pay your $$$ and you got to continue the game.  A couple hot
shot programmers in Texas apparently made quite a bit of money off of this.
Of course, the game was top-notch for its time
They can.  Models such as the one above and free software provide one
alternative.  Companies make their money on a value added basis and from
corporations willing to pay proper license fees.  Placing the kind of limitations you are envisioning upon hardware would be
ultimately harmful to the growth of an industry which has always relied on
innovation from "amateurs" on the outside of commercial circles.  Furthermore, quality free applications and shareware applications
represent a challenge to commercial firms to produce better software that
customers are willing to pay for.   Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-12-21 20:57:39
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Whatever rational basis your arguments may have had were eradicated by the
ludicrous logical conclusion drawn above. Oh so sad.  Let me make this clear, an accent is far different from
grammatically incorrect speech.  I can speak with grammatic perfection and a
drawl so heavy it'll make your eyeballs hurt.
(Of course, being from New Orleans, my normal accent is more like brooklyn
than Nashville -- four years in Mississippi changed all that)
And can still be spoken with proper grammar.   I make an exception for
foreign accents because we are dealing a completely separate language.
Speakers of ebonics are certainly not bilingual in this sense (and neither
am I).  I don't see hypocrisy at all.  I do see an apologist, pampering,
paternal point of view, however.  And we southern folk jes' don't abide that
sorta thang.
I wasn't "taught" a Southern accent.  I absorbed it in daily conversation.
I certainly wasn't taught a Southern dialect. I was taught the English
I'll say it again...the notion that Ebonics exists as a separate language

@_date: 1996-12-23 07:32:19
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Re-read what I said carefully.  I "*can* speak"... I can also speak more clearly.  The same holds true, for speakers of "ebonics." and it is an insult to their intelligence to imply that they cannot or cannot easily learn to.  me

@_date: 1996-12-23 07:30:35
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
> imho, it's a very warped kind of mind that insinuates some evil is
It's a matter of perspective and a weighing of consequences.  Are you trying to so that all evils are inherently equal?
I often see arguments on this list where people happily build irrelevant straw men and pound them into a pulp.  What's more amazing is that they're not doing it deliberately; they simply miss the You see whatever you expect to see.
Careful vladdy, your detweiler is showing.
I thought the message was a pretty clear statement of opinion.  ie. the deconstruction of democracy is a good thing and cryptoanarchy will a enable a more just society.  (Some would argue more brutal as well, but I think that the level of brutatlity in society would change little from it's current levels.)
So cut the crap and go ahead and argue for or against that thesis.
(by the way.  Conveniently enough Tim May has put his ideas on the web in quite a bit of detail.  Just put "cyphernomicon" in your favorite web search engine)

@_date: 1996-12-24 15:39:18
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
You're not very good with context, I see.  The above statement neither
endorses nor condemns the notion of cryptoanarchy.  You claim that you want to debate Tim on the issue but that he won't put the
issues on the table.  It's all right there for you to attack or support.  THESIS:The deconstruction of democracy enabled by the inevitable genesis of
cryptoanarchy will result in a more just (fair?) society.  Go for it.   Please start a relevant and interesting debate.  But quit
whining that Tim May won't challenge your brilliant mind.  Pick a point and
dissect whether it's accurate or flawed.
Brutality amongst human beings has little to do with what type of
government (or lack thereof) we have established.  Nor is brutality
inevitable amongst human beings; governments have little or no affect on how
individuals think and behave.
Great.  But you said you wanted to debate the fundamental points raised by
May. O.K.  The point in the original message was that these things are inevitable
if only one anonymous payment system is established.  1) Do you agree that these things are an inevitable consequence of anonymous
untraceable payment systems?
2) Do you agree then that all it would take is just one?  Or could one alone
be stopped or controlled?  how?
3) How can these bad things be prevented with an anonymous untraceable payment system?
Pick any or all points and make your case.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-12-27 08:41:34
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: cryptoanarchy 
Exactly my point.  I believe interactions between individuals have far more to do with our (dis)inclinations towards brutal behavior that governments do.  Governments have little influence over human I agree, actually.  I don't see an increase in these types of crimes because of the existence of anonymous payment methods.  What TCM and others have argued is that getting away with these crimes will be much easier due to anonymous payment schemes.
I would argue that anonymous payment protocols are not necessarily any easier for the foolish criminal to fuck up than current methods of payment for, ahem, services rendered.
Only if untraceable anonymous digital cash becomes a ubiquitous (and easy-to-utilize) standard will such crimes be more difficult to catch.  (TCMay says only one such system is necessary.  I disagree and will get back to this point in a later message)
I think you're reading a little more into it than is there, but that's your perogative.
I'm not in favor of legal mechanisms.  I think social mechanisms are all but inevitable. (more on this later) I don't think it's necessary or even desirable to build in orwellian schemes.  The government's desire to limit untracability has far more to do with taxation than the four horsemen scenario.  Yes, I've heard of

@_date: 1996-12-29 15:12:45
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
I can conceive of some ways in which only one untraceable anonymous payment
system could be controlled or halted if the aforementioned "bad things"
Indeed.  But criminals are often a stupid and foolish lot.  Many will be caught at
the "nexus" of physical action due to their own ineptitude.  I can envision
several such instances occurring where it is publicized that these were
contract (killings,extortions,kidnappings) in which the individual was to be
paid in Bank of Albani digital cash.  This publicity and subsequent public outrage result in many corporations and
institutions seizing the moral high ground (and a little good publicity
which could result in more revenue, of course)  and advocating/enforcing a
ban on usage of bank of Albania digital bux.  The motivation of some of the corporations and banks is their investment in
their own competing forms of digital cash.  The Government is motivated to
support these anti-albanian actions for all the obvious reasons.  The
motivations of the exposing journalists are left as an exercise to the reader.
All protocols which have to be carefully followed by the Ed.  (He might use
a cutout or two to further muddy the link between him and vic.)  True, but if Bank of Albania digital cash is not accepted as a method of
payment, what good does this do Ed?  No one will change them because they
are largely worthless.
Not familiar with these systems...
Not to mention the loss of tax revenue....
Of course not.  But unless untraceable digital cash becomes a ubiquitous and
widely used form, it will not be useful for these "bad things" (or any other
As always, the key is deployment of an untraceable, anonymouse form of
digital cash now.  Wide usage is part of the key to legitimization.  Right
now the government is frantically attempting to marginalize the idea of
fully untraceable digicash with all sorts of four-horsemen publicity.  If everybody's already using it, they'll be far less likely to switch to a
new digicash-escrow alternative.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-12-30 08:05:20
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: Untraceable Payments, Extortion, and Other Bad Things 
Of course it doesn't.  But remailer networks are at a formative stage where
bad publicity (& disinformation) carries a lot more weight.  Think in terms
of remailer networks and digicash having "reputation capital" and you'll see
where I'm coming from.  Both the sensational nature of "THE NET" and the
efficiency of the net to spread information far & wide rapidly compound the
power of a carefully crafted publicity campaign
All of the above are well established in corporate circles.  Furthermore,
they're not widely used (relatively speaking, of course) or widely accessible.
Yes.  But we were talking about one only "doubly untraceable" Chaumian
digicash system.  I feel that if such systems don't see wide and common
usage, they will fade away in favor off "singly untraceable" and like
systems. (or be pushed out, such as in the example we played with above).
One rogue bank, therefore, can be frozen out if others are not using
Chaumian cash.
One possibly and likely scenario is that partially untraceable Chaumian
style cash will begin to be widely used.  Once others using fully
untraceable systems come into play, the pot is muddied a bit.  (I guess I
need to re-read some of the recent releases about partially untracable
Chaumian cash to explore the possibilities represented.)
Happy New Year, all.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-12-30 11:18:44
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: New crypto regs outlaw financing non-US development 
You doubt but are you sure?  Potential investors are unsure as well.  The
executive order has a "chilling effect" on such investments, and could
affect their actual stock value.
The idea strikes me as an attempt to slow strong crypto development so
U.S.-sponsored escrow alternatives can be put into wide deployment.
It may also be a "trial-balloon" to see if the USG can get away with deny
individuals and corporations the right to invest in "non-approved"
technologies.  The current administration is hell-bent on imposing any
limitations it can.
All this makes me wonder why there is any doubt that this country has
devolved into a near police-state.  Compromise away your rights and you get
what you deserve.
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1996-12-30 20:17:28
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: OCR and Machine Readable Text 
Someone else mentioned it, but consider...sending faxes of the printed
text.  Or scanning in a document to fax format and attaching the fax
document to an outgoing e-mail.  How would putting up a fax document for
FTP be considered?  (Much less PDF and/or Postscript)  The line is so
shaky, it's non-existent. The whole thing is so absurd and the intent so clear.  Lucky has predicted
that a pro-GAK bill will be introduced into Congress within the New Year.
Considering the language in this latest executive order, anyone have any
insights into how this bill might be worded and the provisions it might
The biggest question:  will GAK be mandated for import as well as export?
(What are the current regs on import of munitions, anyway?)
 Omegaman    PGP Key fingerprint = 6D 31 C3 00 77 8C D1 C2
                        59 0A 01 E3 AF 81 94 63  Send e-mail with "get key" in the "Subject:"  field to get a copy of my public key

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:41:36
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Congressional subcommittee hearings on computer security 
Computer crimes rife,
                unreported                 By Reuters
                February 13, 1997, 9:45 a.m. PT                 WASHINGTON--Security experts say hackers
                are finding it easier to break into computer
                networks and steal money, partly because
                companies are reluctant to admit that they are
                vulnerable.                 "If I want to steal money, a computer is a much
                better tool than a handgun," Daniel Geer, director of
                engineering for Open Market, told a House of
                Representatives technology subcommittee hearing on
                computer security. "
Has anyone been following this debate more closely?  Nothing in any of the articles I've seen on this story have mentioned the role of strong encryption.
Why can't banks better protect themselves?  Why can't banks better authenticate electronic transactions to prevent theft & break-ins?  Why is the such a dearth of protective measures available to the The public has a right to know!
Seriously, though, has anyone been following these hearings in more

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:55:49
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: 
No it's not.  Where do you get this?  It would be illegal to send them a copy of the PGP program.  But sending encrypted messages is not illegal.
Please, cite your source

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:57:40
@_author: Omegaman 
@_subject: Re: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
The notion that there are "members" in some kind of formal fashion is inherently un-cypherpunk in my book and would most likely be In your 15 years on-line you should KNOW that it's an inevitable cycle inherent to anarchic forums like cypherpunks.  But the notion that cypherpunks is dead and destroyed is silly.  Cypherpunks will (and already are) reform and renew as is, I believe, necessary.  Whether or not the name cypherpunks is used and embraced is irrelevant.  Those interested in cryptography as a tool of personal privacy and freedom will inevitable congregate in the self-organizing fashion that "cypherpunks" have always recognized.
The "human judgement" you are referring to is leadership.  Leadership is not necessarily anathema to cypherpunks.  Leadership is provided by those who try to post signal and ignore the noise.  Those who continue to push the discussion forward.  People inevitably tire of robust forums such as this.  The sociopaths and the leaders come and go in waves.  Let the forum mutate in whatever way it chooses.

@_date: 1997-02-14 12:15:51
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Congressional subcommittee hearings on computer security 
Computer crimes rife,
                unreported                 By Reuters
                February 13, 1997, 9:45 a.m. PT                 WASHINGTON--Security experts say hackers
                are finding it easier to break into computer
                networks and steal money, partly because
                companies are reluctant to admit that they are
                vulnerable.                 "If I want to steal money, a computer is a much
                better tool than a handgun," Daniel Geer, director of
                engineering for Open Market, told a House of
                Representatives technology subcommittee hearing on
                computer security. "
Has anyone been following this debate more closely?  Nothing in any of the articles I've seen on this story have mentioned the role of strong encryption.
Why can't banks better protect themselves?  Why can't banks better authenticate electronic transactions to prevent theft & break-ins?  Why is the such a dearth of protective measures available to the The public has a right to know!
Seriously, though, has anyone been following these hearings in more

@_date: 1997-02-14 12:19:29
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: 
No it's not.  Where do you get this?  It would be illegal to send them a copy of the PGP program.  But sending encrypted messages is not illegal.
Please, cite your source

@_date: 1997-02-14 13:06:38
@_author: omega@bigeasy.com 
@_subject: Re: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from Netly] 
The notion that there are "members" in some kind of formal fashion is inherently un-cypherpunk in my book and would most likely be In your 15 years on-line you should KNOW that it's an inevitable cycle inherent to anarchic forums like cypherpunks.  But the notion that cypherpunks is dead and destroyed is silly.  Cypherpunks will (and already are) reform and renew as is, I believe, necessary.  Whether or not the name cypherpunks is used and embraced is irrelevant.  Those interested in cryptography as a tool of personal privacy and freedom will inevitable congregate in the self-organizing fashion that "cypherpunks" have always recognized.
The "human judgement" you are referring to is leadership.  Leadership is not necessarily anathema to cypherpunks.  Leadership is provided by those who try to post signal and ignore the noise.  Those who continue to push the discussion forward.  People inevitably tire of robust forums such as this.  The sociopaths and the leaders come and go in waves.  Let the forum mutate in whatever way it chooses.
