
@_date: 1996-08-28 07:20:07
@_author: "Osborne, Rick" 
@_subject: Real-time key server 
Okay, I was told to not post to the list until I'd:
1. Lurked for a month,
2. Figured out who Detweiler was,
3. Found out about BlackNet and DC Nets,
4. Learned of at least three of David Chaum's innovations.
And at that point "[I] may be ready to post [my] first comments."
Well, dammit, I can't wait that long.  I need help now.  I've only been on for 2 weeks, I have no clue who Detweiler is (other than the
welcome message I haven't heard two words about him/her/it), and I know enough to sound stupid about the other stuff.  But if you still think I'm worthy of listeneing to, then read on.
I work for Northrop Grumman Corp (SBMS division) when I have been tasked to create a program for reciept of online forms.  The entire division is wanting to go paperless, and I am the sole person doing it.  (Yes, I'm going for pity here.)
I am writing my own CGI remailer for insecure forms, but some of them
have to be secure.  I think the best way to go about this is a public-key system with both keys stored locally and the public keys stored on a networked database (for routing purposes; ie, it has to go through managers and admin and will be verified and digitally signed with each hop).  Now, of course, acces to the public keys will be through a key server.
This is where I come into my problem.
In my research into keyservers, I find that none of them are realtime.  Sure, there are CGI interfaces to them, but that's not what I mean.  I was hoping for something along the line of a Finger or SMTP protocol, such that a client connects to a host (say, keyserv.northgrum.com) on a certain port (say, 5397) and goes through a realtime version of what is accomplished via Something like:
client>GET osborri
server>200 OK
server>-----Begin . . .
and so forth.
Now.  Yes, I am intelligent enough to implement something like this.  (Actually, that's debatable, but it's also besides the point.) What I want to know is this: Is there a realtime implementation out there already?
Why?  Because:
1. I do not want to reinvent the wheel.
2. I would like to conform to existing standards.
Now, if the answer is a 'no', then who wants to draft a quickie RFC?
 -oz

@_date: 1996-08-29 08:32:44
@_author: "Osborne, Rick" 
@_subject: RE: Real or Not ? 
I think we all know this is fake.  I saw the original web page out there (search lycos for "pgp crack" to find it) and it originally had an extra line at the end (tactfully ommitted, I see) which said something to the effect of "In case you couldn't tell, this is a joke!"
 -oz
 ----------
I snagged this off a news group this AM.. comments??
A lot of people think that PGP encryption is unbreakable and that the

@_date: 1996-08-30 01:00:02
@_author: "Osborne, Rick" 
@_subject: Realtime Keyserver update 
First off, let me say thank you to all of those who responded to my first message, I gained alot of useful information.
Mark Rogaski  and I have decided to write up a RFC on it and are going through the initial stages of deciding on its functionality.  We would appreciate any and all useful input on the subject.  All ideas are You can email my autoresponder (at this same address) to get the latest information on what we've decided.  Just make the subject GET KEYSERVER INFO for the response.
Thank you for your interest and help.
Rick Osborne
