
@_date: 1994-02-22 16:02:48
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: RATINGS: say what? 
Ok a few things.  To help me, and possibly others, understand this.
(Replace the word "YOU", with your name if you think you understand the rating system...)
You want two lists: (of sorts)
  1.  Current list, as is, anything in -> everyone out.
  2.  Rated List, anything in -> filtering/rating -> out.
Now my question is, who's going to spend the time dealing with this.  And how are you going to disallow stuffing the ballot, as we all know about spoofing.  And who's actually going to spend the time wading through all the Cypherpunk mail, and rating it all?
Are you planning on letter the general readers of "list 1" rate articles, and then people who subscribe to "list 2" will get anything that passes a certain "rating level" (or other criteria)?
Are we looking for something that you run the articles through, and it will spit out a "reading level" like most PC word-processors.  Then you could ask for just the articles that have <15 misspellings, and a reading level above 11th grade...
Pardon me if this isn't quite what some people seem to have in mind, but this just looks like electronic version of filling out forms in  -Matt
 (panzer
 "That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1994-03-17 08:50:09
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Re: NSA and PGP rabblerousing 
Or, if you subscribe to massive conspiracy theories...  That if they broke it, they'ld tell people about it.  And people like you would think would think that they hadn't and it was all a ruse.  Then you would go out an encrypt your child-porn with pgp, and the spooks would be able to read it. :)
Always remember about reverse physcology...
 -Matt
 (panzer
 "That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1994-04-06 19:05:35
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Re: who, me?!?! 
You're right, it's an account, just as cknight is just an account, and you've attached the psueonym "Chris Knight" to it.
Price of being anonymous.  You mean the price of being Obviously anonymous.  As opposed to this "Chris Knight" character, who has chosen to show himself as to what looks like a real name.  Ever wonder about
Emanuel Goldstein?  That name is as valid as "Chris Knight"
I'm not going to touch this.  After reading a few of "tmp messages, I aggree that he has been posting what "appear" to be childish posts.  But at the same time, there are many other posts here on this list with just as much useless information.
Are cypherpunks for anonyminity?  Authentication?  Privacy?  More than one?
 -Matt (Just another alias)
 (panzer
 "That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1994-04-26 14:38:18
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Re: Internet Relay Chat 
And as I read down the list people seem to believe this is possible.  I fall into the category of "until I see it..."
 -Matt
 (panzer
 "That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1994-04-26 14:42:51
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Re: Internet Relay Chat 
I hate it when I do this, 4 hours of sleep and a 10 hour work day can do that to you.  Forgot to delete the "cc" line in the previous post.
I haven't seen anyone do the IRC spy thing, and I don't quite see how it's possible without OP status or a hacked server...
If the masses that have stated that it's possible would like to demonstrate, please send me mail as I would be very welcome to see this...
 -Matt
 (panzer
 "That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."

@_date: 1995-08-18 10:34:08
@_author: Panzer Boy 
@_subject: Re: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
: Huh?  So you run on 120 workstations worth how much?  to steal a credit
: card number worth how much?  Get real - there are hundreds of ways
: to get credit card numbers that cost less.  The idea is to make
: breaking SSL less attractive than dumpster diving not to make it
: impossible.   I'll lay odds that I could get the credit card number
: of *any* individual in the US in less elapsed time and with nothing
: more than a $1000 windoze machinei, a telephone and a modem.
I'll ignore the offer to gamble due to agreeing with you.  However, your
comparision to dumpster diving is kinda weak.  People everytday use
thousands of dollars worth of computer equipment to download pictures from
select newsgroups.  They have spent couple grand to be able to download
and veiw these pictures on their screens.  Now if you told them that they
could just mail order some videos, magazines or the like, they'ld tell
you it's "easier" their way. Many people have access to piles and piles of computer horsepower.  People without that will still do dumpster diving, but bored sys-admins, college students, college-professors, office workers, etc will still have easy access to this type of computing power.
The problem also lays in the fact that people are led to believe that their information is safe against most attacks, when it's obvious that this information is only safe for a very short time.
Has anyone thought about starting up a distributed rc4 cracking web.  Send in your message to a web server form, it will then spawn of requests to a pool of machines willing to try cracking rc4 for you.  Allow anyone to offer up spare cycles towards the effort.

@_date: 1996-03-14 10:51:46
@_author: Matt 'Panzer Boy' 
@_subject: Re: all.net 
More ALL.NET spew, hit D now if you don't care.
A user of system, or something triggered the initial email to our
postmaster account here at DHP.  I replied with a rewording of the
message, as seen below.  This resulted in Fred Cohen deciding that I was
part a huge consipiracy to invade his computer system and decided that
CERT needed to get in on the mailings.  Based on the services available
via ALL.NET's web page, I find this quite funny, so I replied to both CERT
and his provider, PSI.  Please be sure to check out the provided URL's available at ALL.NET.
My included response to CERT and , including all previous email in quoted  -Matt     (panzer                         DI-1-9026
 "That which can never be enforced should not be prohibited."
-----------------------------------------Cut Here or hit D Now-------------
This administrator at all.net (I assume the whois information is true) is making unwarrented threats and accusations.  These threats and warnings coming from a site that offers to do port scans on any host via a web interface is quite absurd.
 " For a description of what they do
 " To actually try it out
 -Matt     (panzer                         DI-1-9026
---------- Forwarded message ----------
The systems administrator at the following site is apparently a party to
the attmpted entry to our site reported below.  What is the procedure for
contacting federal authorities to investigate attempted breakins to
Federal Interest Computers?
Forwarded message:
-> See: Info-Sec Heaven at URL Management Analytics - 216-686-0090 - PO Box 1480, Hudson, OH 44236

@_date: 1996-07-09 17:49:08
@_author: Matt 
@_subject: Re: Grubor remailer? (Was Re: Lucifer remailer) 
The joys of having mailing lists gatewayed to news, you find this stuff weeks late....  Sorry for the delay
: > dhp is not "Grubor's domain," it's just a Pittsburgh ISP
: > with liberal terms of service (which is why it can run
: > remailers).    Perhaps you're thinking of "manus.org"?
: > : I thought that DHP is mostly Canadian.  I know that Panzer deals w/ : them & he is running from Pitt. but I think that the others are : mostly from Canada.  I work w/ a few of them, but they are not here : to ask about this (at the moment.  They just went out for dinner).  I : don't think that DHP (Data Haven Project) is really an ISP per se...
DHP is an ISP.  We are small, but this is mostly because we have a small
dialin pool and are not trying to compete with all the local providers for
people who are "learning the 'net".  We are looking for people who are
interested in a second account for privacy, and are at least competent to
know what a "shell account" is.  If you would want some more info, feel
free to hit our web page (though it's partially out of date), or drop me
some email. As to "grubor's domain" I'll be more than happy to tell you that DHP.COM
is not his domain.  Refer to the Grubor faq for more information on the
number of Pittsburgh ISP's he's joined, etc...
