
@_date: 1995-09-23 19:09:40
@_author: Tom Paquin 
@_subject: Re: Netscape for Linux? 
I have no current plans to alter our treatment of Linux.  It is not now,
nor has it ever been, a supported platform.  We do build for it,
and some people are happy about that.
I have not constructed a business case which would cause Netscape
to begin support for Linux versions of the Navigator.  Right now, I'm not sure that making a point of this would do what you want.
Either of the two above paragraphs could be changed with time.
Tom Paquin                 +1(415)528-2607      fax +1(415)528-4122
Netscape Communications    501 E Middlefield    Mt View, CA 94043 USA
PS. I think that you are all doing a really great job!

@_date: 1996-07-19 14:54:22
@_author: Tom Paquin 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
Horse's mouth here, or mostly.  First, the Weinsteins are right on the money in almost everything they say, so I won't repeat them.
Second, I don't get to read this group much, so an apology for
post-n-dash. Jeff and Tom W keep me informed, however, so
here're some thoughts.
Great.  Convince the government to withdraw our permission
and never to give it again while the current laws stand.  Please don't do this.
There are ways to spoof this but without serious IP spoofing and
SSL hacking you'll leave a trail which could be followed if
someone wanted to. I have no idea what the probabilities of an
investigation are, but looking at the data we log, every lie we've received would be trivially tracked down if a motivated government agency came along. There isn't much about your connections that we don't log.
If you all hack us, one of three things will happen:
(1) someone will make us stop doing this
(2) someone will slow it down more by forcing me to check more
 -or-
(3) they'll let us stay up so they can (try to) come get you
I'd bet on the first.  Why screw with this?  We worked hard
to make this possible and you want to ruin it.  Sheesh.
"I hate the government so I'll blow up a federal building
and then the FBI will get more money and attention and
power and, um, that'll show 'em, er, ah....."
No.  I don't have redistribution rights to all of it.  If
someone were really interested, I'd talk to them, but the
government would probably need to be told before any tech transfer
took place, I'd bet.
Also, our govt permission is pretty specialized; I don't think
anyone can just go use it unless they are willing to brave those
untested waters I keep getting reminded about.
Yeah, we're getting clobbered.  We're working on it.  Lots
of people are making it, though.  The site management guys
know about the problem and are scurrying, anyway.
If you get NoCookie:  please check your system clock.  I'm hoping
that's most people's problems (those who don't have cookies
disabled or r/o).
For those of you who think some of our info requests go too far: well,
my position to the US was: I want to do a download.  I'll do what it
takes.  Given all the ITAR vagueness and total lack of case law, I think both sides did very well.  While I don't agree with the usefulness of the laws in place, I think the guys in ODTC had their public service hats on very firmly the day they said OK to us.  It would have been quite easy for them to maintain the old line but they wanted, in their way, to do the public a service.  This is something I would like more of in Washington. This is the wrong place to wage battle.  Rather than attack some odd piece of enforcement, participate in the debate over the regulations
themselves.  Strides are being made.  This is a good time for your voice to be heard. If you don't like this mechanism, don't use it.  It's your choice.
Tom Paquin            Netscape Communications Corp

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:31:30
@_author: Tom Paquin 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 3.0B US version MD5 (was: Re: overseas PGPfone and Netscape) 
Nothing, but we're not doing that, and nobody has asked us to.
If we did something like that, I imagine you'd know up front.
No doubt.
We've been busy getting the damn process to work and get
approved.  It's simple this way.  There's one CGI and
when you run it, it produces output and ergo that's the
"filename" you see.  With some time, we could get clever
and synthesize the name you want.  It's not the highest
of priorities in this process right now.
Tom Paquin            Netscape Communications Corp

@_date: 1996-07-20 22:41:52
@_author: Tom Paquin 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
I don't know.  Some people here are asking to release that.
If I recall, the letter only says something like "using the mechanism defined in our meeting of M/D/Y."  I could be wrong.
Everyone in the room took copious notes, so this is not
an "opportunity" if you're inclined to think that way.
Tom Paquin            Netscape Communications Corp

@_date: 1996-07-20 21:43:34
@_author: Tom Paquin 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
Unfortunately, I am involved n a business, and what is acceptable
or humiliating for free individuals is fiercely practical, not
philosophical.  Quite in particular: my president solicits
the best legal advice he can get, and decides whether or not
he, himself, wants to go to jail, and what the risk of that is.
"Free" takes on a whole new meaning.  I cannot appeal to his sense
of how severe the risks are.
You missed the point.  Right now the government is in the midst
of a policy review.  Your inclination to view that policy as
irrlevant simply doesn't matter.  Proving to them that a more
tolerant policy would not be in their interest is not in our
Screw with this system and I can bet how the policy review
will come out.
Fine.  Go there, do that.  Please don't use our mechanism as
an integral part.  Once you have the data, there are all sorts
of ways you can exercise considerable civil disobedience completely
on your own without involving our mechanism.
We log everything having to do with the US downloads.  I'm not
involved in the eleventy-skillion other net connections which
come in here.  You may or may not have noticed, but our president has testified,
effectively, in Washington several times.  We participate in "public" (means govt) debate on this heavily.  We are engaged.
Like I said, if you want to attack, please attack without dragging our mechanism into it.  Allow companies to provide you the data while you mount your attack.  You can be more effective.  You'll
have more tools.  More will be out there.  More of you will
have access to something to be disobedient with.
My very personal opinion: I loathe giving out my phone number
to anonymous corporate entities.  I do it from time to time, but
never without a bristle.  I would prefer if we weren't asking
for it, but I'm engaged in an opitimization exercise, or you
might look at it as minimization of evil.  Whatever.
Tom Paquin            Netscape Communications Corp

@_date: 1996-07-20 21:24:11
@_author: Tom Paquin 
@_subject: Re: US versions of Netscape now available 
I guess I should look again, but I *thought* our licenses explicitly
excepted use of "US-Only" software (defined in the license) from the
standard exclusions.  I think the attys lifted some of the definitions
straight from ITAR and may have quoted 22USC.  Maybe we screwed
up and got the wrong license in the beta and missed the check.
I don't know.  I'll look.  *sigh*
As far as company policy goes, it's a good bet that we won't
willingly break any laws.  Licensing export-restricted software
to a "foreign person" (includes companies, etc) without a
particular export license would probably be a mistake which would
get corrected quickly.
We have made some mistakes. Occasional known distribution errors have occured, and in each case we do what the law
says: notify ODTC, and do whatever we can to clean up.  Nothing
big and nasty has come up and I think ODTC has been fine with us.
To my knowledge, every cleanup attempt has been met with cooperation
from all hands involved.
Tom Paquin            Netscape Communications Corp

@_date: 1996-07-20 13:21:51
@_author: Tom Paquin 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
Obviously, I'm tired and should have shut up long ago.
BTW the "pick.cgi" renaming stuff should be fixed now.
Thanks for the prods.
Tom Paquin            Netscape Communications Corp
