
@_date: 1994-01-12 10:02:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: szabo@netcom.com is NOT a tentacle!!! 
futor writes -
Ah, but keep in mind that whoever is ranting in the newsgroups (an12070)
has also used .signature blocks used by other _real_ people. This
signifies nothing.
- Paul

@_date: 1994-01-26 17:37:18
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: quote of the day 
Eric, the squid, writes -
Large prime numbers.
Paul Ferguson                         Sprint Managed Router Network Engineering          tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-01-30 09:22:51
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Cyber Fuzz 
Looks like Berkeley Breathed stole your idea re: The Information Highway
Patrol. There was a rather hilarious spoof in this Sunday's comic strip
'Outland,' complete with CHiPs-like CyberFuzz arresting the tykes
for reckless abandon on the Data Highway.
Rich, very risch stuff.  ,-)

@_date: 1994-01-30 10:09:07
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: We Hit the NYT 
Duncan Frissell writes -
Hmmm. If someone has the time or the inclination to scan-in the article,
I'd love to read it in its entirety.

@_date: 1994-02-15 19:09:46
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Need a challenge? 
I feel like a real slug posting this here, but we have several positions available for network engineers with heavy multiprotocol router background.
If you're thick-skinned and competent, willing to relocate and don't
mind forging ahead in a new digital forntier, let me know.
The job is in the Washington DC area, the pay is substantial.
E-mail to:
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Enterprise Internet Engineering                    tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-03-11 19:43:54
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
rishab writes -
I'm fairly "lipped-sealed" when it comes to most chit-chat, keeping my
big mouth shut. I ususally chime in when least expeected, and when most You, on the other end of the spectrum, seem to have a desire to open your mouth without a deep understanding of the encryption dilemma.
That's okay.
Cypherpunks objectives totally "fix" your subjective scenario(s).
Dig around a bit...
Paul Ferguson                         Internet Engineering                               tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-03-20 08:35:28
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: (fwd) FBI Wiretaps. Old news.... 
For thos who haven't read some of the recent (compelling) newsbytes
on Digital Telphony II -
Forwarded message:
- paul

@_date: 1994-03-31 08:27:34
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Clipper/Capstone/Skipjack excerpts from Cud 6.28 
A couple of interesting articles on Clipper/Capstone/Skipjack which
were included in the latest CuD, for those who haven't already
seen it...
- paul
8<-------------------- cut here -------------------------------
Sender: CU-DIGEST list

@_date: 1994-04-17 10:37:56
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
A Page 1 story in The Washington Post Sunday (94.04.17) reads,
"Clinton Lets Police Raid Projects," "Warrantless Searches Said to Be
Needed For Tenants Safety."
For those who haven't been following this ludicrous story, the USG has
now decided that Chicago Housing Authority-sponsored, and warrantless,
searches of dwellings within the CHA, is "A Good Thing" (tm) and
specifically geared towards uncovering weapons of criminals (or
would-be criminals) for the safety of law-abiding Housing tenants.
Personally, I find this mentality alarming and indicative of a growing
trend within the government. "Big Brother knows best."
Vile and Nauseating.
This is another absurdity in the "War on Drugs" and "War on Crime."
More government-sponsored "wars" are undoubtedly on the horizon,
perhaps even a war on non-escrowed crypto.
I suppose things will get worse before they get better.
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Enterprise Internet Engineering                    tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-04-23 04:42:20
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Cypherpunk Criminal 
I finally received my tees in the mail yesterday.
Very, very cool. The .gifs certainly didn't do them justice.
Thanks again,
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Enterprise Internet Engineering                    tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-04-24 11:39:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: licence plates seen 
Matt Bartley   wrote - 68 ascii is "D".
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Enterprise Internet Engineering                    tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-04-29 05:39:01
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks as lobbying/propagandizing group 
Dave Mandl  writes -
Ditto. Leave the political battles to those with more (desired)
visibilty (ie, EFF, CPSR, SEA).
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Enterprise Internet Engineering                    tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-04-29 08:19:16
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: REMAIL:  Logging turned off 
Perhaps a tad confused, but which is the correct remailer host -
chaos.bsu.edu  or bsu-cs.bsu.edu
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-05 13:36:17
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Exactly. 
I've noticed that anon messages originating from nowhere recently
do not have a "subject" or "organization" in the header. (I tried
this by sending a message to myself and it doesn'y use this format
Has this been changed to something else, such as "x-subject"?
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-06 06:26:02
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: (fwd) May 4 House Hearing on Clipper, F. Lynn  McNulty testimony 
Forwarded message:
I. INTRODUCTION
II. THE RECENT INTERNET SECURITY INCIDENT
III. IMPROVING SECURITY ON THE INTERNET
IV. ORGANIZATIONS, ROLES, AND RESPONSIBILITIES
V. SUMMARY AND RECOMMENDATIONS

@_date: 1994-05-06 15:58:03
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Putting new PGP on company machines. 
Anonymous (nowhere asked a good question earlier -- one which I have not seen an answer. Personally, I'd like to know the
same thing, and that is, can someone shed some light on this rumored
version of PGP 2.5 (MIT-PGP?)?
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-12 05:22:18
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: State Dept Response to my second CJ request 
Perry's right. Even articles in the popular press and telecommunications
trade rags are questioning the policies of key escrow and cryptographic
export policy.
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-13 05:54:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: (fwd) Announcement: Mac Crypto Interface Project 
Forwarded message:
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Mac programmers, hello from The Macintosh Cryptography Interface Project.
Included here are our "Statement of Purpose", and "Interface Design Sheet".
What's public key encryption? It means if anyone encrypts something with
your public key, not even they can read it again, only you, using your
secret key. Send mail to qwerty with Subject "Bomb me!" for Gary
Edstrom's PGP FAQ and -=Xenon=-'s "Here's How to MacPGP!" guides, which are
also available from ftp.netcom.com in /pub/qwerty.
                    -======Statement of Purpose======-
Phillip Zimmerman's vision of giving the common man a real encryptor, humbly
called Pretty Good Privacy (PGP), "Public Key Encryption for the Masses",
was an historical event. But while PGP exists for many platforms including
the Mac, it's still a command-line beast, and it shows. The current MacPGP
is a powerful tool, but unacceptably difficult to use for average Mac
Welcome to The Macintosh Cryptography Interface Project.
MacPGP wont be a "program". It will be like the Trash or the Clipboard. It's
going to be part of the Mac itself. A tool to set programmers free, allowing
them to easily call upon any function of PGP from their software, and a tool
for Mac users to use within any program.
OUR GOALS:
The ability to use PGP with non-PGP fanatics! Right now this isn't possible.
Try it and see.
Our emphasis is on the Macintosh, not cryptography. PGP will be a Mac
routine, not a hacked port of the latest DOS PGP. The core PGP routines will
be incorporated into a "PGP Engine" with  minimal or no interface, easily
accessed from other programs via AppleEvents. The operation of this engine
will be quick and transparent so the privacy and security offered by PGP can
become an expectation, not an inconvenience.
A simple, user-friendly interface to this Engine will be designed: a smart
system-wide menu, which will know what to do. Selecting a file and choosing
"Encrypt" will encrypt the file to the user's own public key. No passwords.
In a word processor, "Decrypt" will return a selected block of encrypted
text to its original form (only with the proper pass phrase!). For e-mail,
"Encrypt to...", containing a sub-menu of public keys, will quickly protect
an outgoing message from viewing by anyone but its intended recipient. If
not in the Finder, the Clipboard will be used automatically. Simple and
easy. Eventually programs will incorporate PGP functions as internal,
automatic features, accessing the PGP engine directly.
The goal, quite simply, is to put strong, usable security into the hands of
every Mac user.
WHAT WE NEED:
You. Programmers, who turn ideas into code. Cryptography? The cryptographic
code exists; what we need now are serious Macintosh programmers.
We also need non-programmers to help design a user-friendly environment, to
help us find problems in our programs, and to contribute ideas that will
help us make the high standards of PGP-encryption universally available.
Just as we need the most sophisticated Macintosh programmers for this
project to fly, we also need the most frustrated and inexperienced users to
make sure that we have met our goals. If you wish to help, contact Xenon
 or Jordyn A. Buchanan  as soon as
We have established an international mailing list for this Project, in which
no crypto code will flow. Work on the interface will be completely
independent of the crypto code, meaning no worry for our programmers.
Officially the Macintosh Cryptography Interface Project is not even linked
to PGP, though we intend to become the official interface for the licensed
MacPGP2.5, and the inevitable EuroMacPGP cryto engine. Early on, we will use
an unofficial version of MacPGP2.3 which accepts AppleEvents, as our
temporary model crypto engine.
We need PGP2.5 to be converted into an AppleEvents engine, as an independent
project; anyone within the US interested in working on this should also
contact us. People in Europe etc. need to create their own AppleEvents
MacPGP cryto engine.
                     -======The MCIP Design Sheet======-
Two prototype models for this interface have been built, which are available
from ftp.netcom.com in /pub/qwerty/MCIP, or by e-mail from -=Xenon=-
. One is based on J. W. Walker's OtherMenu, which is also
available there.
We have a mailing list, where there will be no crypto code. This will free
programmers from worries about legal hassles involving crypto politics.
If you are a Mac programmer, contact Jordyn Buchanan or -=Xenon=-  and we will sign you up and try to agree an
a sub-project and specific design. We are also interested in helpful
criticism of our design, and its implementation. The OtherMenu paradigm
versus our own System Extension is not cast in stone, and needs input from
experienced programmers as well as some experience with OtherMenu.
Definitions: PlainText is Mac TEXT file or text on the Clipboard. PlainFile
means any Mac file, be it a word processor document or a GIF file.
CypherText is a text-format PGP message. CypherFile is a binary PGP message,
a MacPGP file.
The Engine: A dumb PGP cryto engine which accepts AppleEvents, and acts on
files or the Clipboard. In the end it should have no interface of its own.
This will be created independently of the interface, in both US and non-US
The Interface: A system-wide menu next to Balloon Help, making PGP functions
available from any application, including the Finder.
 -=Items in the PGP Menu=-
1) Encrypt/decrypt -- for all types of decryption and for immediate
encryption of personal files with the user's public key. Just select a file
in the Finder and this command will either decrypt it, asking for a
passphrase, or encrypt it with your public key, no questions asked. If the
user isn't in the Finder the Clipboard will automatically be used. PGP will
figure out if a file is already encrypted or not, and take appropriate
action upon it. Additionally, if the option key is held down during
passphrase confirmation, decrypted PlainText from the Clipboard will be
presented in a window of PGP's text editor (see below). If on decrypting a
file on the Clipboard, the output is not PlainText, a Mac binary file will
be output to the Desktop, automatically. Within the Finder, holding down the
option key while confirming pass phrase entry will launch the decrypted
file. On encrypting a personal file, the original plaintext will be securely
wiped out. On decrypting a personal file, the original will be deleted.
2) Encrypt to... -- this has a submenu containing the keys on your Public
Keyring. If you are not in the Finder, the contents of the Clipboard will be
encrypted with the person's public key you select from this menu. If you are
in the Finder, the selected file will be encrypted to that person, with a
quick dialog box appearing asking for Clipboard or Desktop (and CypherText
or CypherFile) output. A TEXT file in the Finder will be treated as text
input to PGP, but any other file will be treated as a binary Mac file. At
the top of this menu will be Group... which will allow fast single-clicking
of multiple recipients from a list. Aliases of single or multiple recipients
will also be easy to define, and will appear in a group at the top of this
3) Sign -- If not in the Finder, this will clearsign the contents of the
Clipboard (after cutting it to <80 characters per line). If in the Finder,
the selected file will be "armored" with a dialog asking for Clipboard
(CypherText) or Desktop (and CypherFile or CypherText) output.
4) Keys... -- Dialog box(s) which handles all key management, including a
quick button for adding a public key from the Clipboard, or extracting your
public key to the Clipboard. The rest is standard, but for the ability to
create Aliases for groups of people, the name of the alias then appearing at
the top of the Encrypt to... submenu.
5) "Editor..." -- A simple <80 character wide window for typing out (then
encrypting) quick e-mail or viewing normal decrypted e-mail. This is for
users of simple VT100 terminal emulators, which includes most people using
e-mail via modem. The user can choose a font and size, and resize the window
vertically. If the window for this editor is active, the PGP menu will act
upon text selected in it, or all of the text if no selection has been made.
Our goal is to actually have people use this editor for their e-mail
drafting and reading. It will also be able to save or append it's contents
to a text file, for those of us who keep e-mail logs.
6) "Options..." -- If the user has multiple key-pairs, they can select the
one for use in signing things, and for personal encryption. They can select
whether to sign things when using "Encrypt to...". They can select the File
Type Creator for output text files in the Finder. Any other options will be
set here, and be kept in a Preferences file in the Preferences folder
That's it! One menu. No options to choose during the most commonly used
operations. Just immediate action after a single menu selection. To
demonstrate and elaborate on this interface, here now are presented various
actions a user may do. I will use my girlfriend as an example.
 -=User Actions, Outlined=-
1) Encrypt her diary, which she just wrote using Microsoft Word: She saves
the file, selects it in the Finder, and encrypts it with her public key with
a single PGP menu selection ("Encrypt/decrypt"). Done.
2) Adds a day's writing to her diary: double clicks her encrypted diary,
types her passphase into a dialog box, and hits the return key, to have the
CypherFile replaced by a PlainFile. And, since she held down the option key
when she hit the return key (OK button), PGP sent an AppleEvent to open that
file, so she's already typing new stuff in Microsoft Word.
3) Decrypt the e-mail I sent her: She copies it to the Clipboard, since it's
only a couple pages of CypherText. Without leaving her VT102 modem program,
she selects "Encrypt/decrypt", is prompted for her pass phrase, and since
she holds down the option key when she hits the return key, the PlainText is
presented to her in PGP's editor window. I did have to show her how to use
Unix "mail" instead of PINE though, since PINE would require saving and then
downloading the file, it only being able to show one small block of text at
a time in a non-scrollable window.
4) Respond to my e-mail above: She just types away, using the editor's
convenient features. She selects her text and simply chooses my name from
the PGP "Encrypt to..." submenu. It ends up in the Clipboard, automatically.
She's still in her modem program, so she just pastes the CypherText into e-
5) Post a clearsigned announcement to Usenet: "Editor" lets her type it out,
then simple selecting "Sign" places the clearsigned message onto the
Clipboard. If she is responding to someone else's post, she must copy the
original then paste it into the editor.
6) Check a signature from Usenet: Copy the message to the Clipboard and
select "Encrypt/decrypt". An alert appears telling her the signature is good
or bad. The message is placed on the Clipboard, free of signature.
7) Send a huge Mac file to me, encrypted: She selects it in the Finder,
chooses my name from the "Encrypt to" submenu and hits the "PlainText /
Desktop" button. She has her modem software autotype the file into e-mail,
or uploads it. If it's not too large she can instead hit the "Clipboard"
button and just paste it into e-mail.
8) Decrypt a huge CypherText file I sent her in e-mail: she saves it and
downloads it, selects it in the Finder and selects "Encrypt/decrypt", and
after she types her pass phrase the CypherText is replaced by a PlainFile.
9) Encrypt the message "Meet at midnight, at Nell's, tomorrow!" to a group
of people who she is working on a project with. She brings up PGP's editor,
types the message, and selects the "Babes" alias, which she earlier defined,
from the "Encrypt to" submenu. Her message is automatically encrypted to
that group of people, the result being placed on the Clipboard for pasting
into e-mail.
 -=Comments=-
1) PGP is a public key encryptor. No "conventional encryption" is needed in
our basic interface, since encrypting a file in your public key is so much
easier than having to very carefully type a pass phrase for the encryption
step. If someone wants IDEA-only encryption they can use Will Kinney's Curve
Encrypt, which does drag-and-drop, they can use the old MacPGP, or they can
create their own "Conventionally encrypt" feature to add to our modular
2) Our design is in flux, and flexible. However our singular goal is this:
that we can send MacPGP on a floppy to any non-sophisticated Mac user and
have them send us a public key within an hour, then start using PGP for e-
mail the next day. There will be little in the way of a manual other than as
a brief intro on exactly how to quickly set up and use PGP, Balloon Help
being enough for most operations.
3) Our interface is a separate project from the cryptography engine. Early
on we will use MacPGP2.3aV1.1 which does accept AppleEvents. This will allow
us to get started now, as well as have MacPGP2.3aV1.1 take care of features
we have not built into the interface yet, such as full key management.
4) Initially we will spool the Clipboard to disk files, then delete them
after we have the crypto engine act on them. Later the cryto engine will
have an AppleEvent option for using the Clipboard. In the end this will
likely have no interface of its own at all, and become a background-only
5) We intend to be the official interface for MacPGP2.5, and hope to see
PGP2.5 quickly ported to the Mac as an AppleEvents cryptography engine, for
use by our interface and any other program such as Mac e-mail programs.
6) J. W. Walker's OtherMenu shareware ($10) may be looked at as a system-
wide menu tool kit, to which we can add our routines as CODE resources,
placed in the OtherMenu Folder in the System Folder. This will allow us to
start getting things done immediately, without any worry about building our
own System Extension. OtherMenu is actively maintained by Mr. Walker, who
has also been personable in e-mail. We can remove all the extensions that
come with OtherMenu, leaving only our own menu items! We can even place our
own icon atop our menu. This is a clean solution. CODE resources are
trivially made using Think C. Anything that we could do with an application
we can do easier with an OtherMenu CODE resource file, and our menu ends up
in the system-wide OtherMenu next to Balloon Help. OtherMenu will send any
AppleEvent we create for us, as well. There is an OtherMenu Developer Kit
available for free, though really such CODE resources are just like any Mac
program. These can be had from ftp.netcom.com in /pub/qwerty/MCIP. We may
think of OtherMenu as a part of the Mac operating system, which allows us to
add any feature to a system-wide menu.
As further persuasion, imagine that we had created a system-wide menu for
this project, by writing our own System Extension. Further, unbelievably,
imagine that we made this Extension able to accept modular plug-in PGP
features as simple CODE resources, thus creating a framework for breaking
our project into smaller independent projects. Now imagine this is true, and
thus take a look at OtherMenu, with a MacPGP icon slapped onto it. Sure it's
$10, but it's shareware, and it saves us untold development time and effort.
Later, if anyone wishes to assemble our CODE resources into a dedicated
System Extension, they are free to do so, though I don't think it will be
worth the ten bucks.
7) The interface will be somewhat inflexible in how it does things, which is
needed in order to make it very simple. Extraneous features and options will
be weeded out unmercifully until the interface is a model of simplicity.
Art, if you will. Cryptography fanatics are free to design their own
interface to the PGP Engine.
8) We want security of left-over PlainText on the user's hard disk to be
handled by PGP, automatically. On encrypting a file for personal use with
"Encrypt/decrypt", the original WILL be wiped clean from the hard disk. We
should include in our distribution FlameFile by Josh Goldfoot for wiping out
Finder files, or all unused hard disk space. In fact, FlameFile can be
operated via AppleEvents as well.
9) Since we are developing free software with limited resources and limited
time for making an impact, certain compromises have been made compared to a
perfect design. OtherMenu is one pleasant compromise. Using MacPGP2.3aV1.1
is not very happy, but will have to do for now. It has the same layout as
MacPGP2.3, but is debugged and will accept AppleEvents, in some detail. It
will not so far however allow selection of the Clipboard for input/output.
The source code for MacPGP2.3aV1.1 is also not yet available, though we will
indeed put a large effort into getting it.
Another possibility is to write some of our routines as AppleScript
applications with Apple's Script Editor, and place them in the OtherMenu
folder so they will appear as normal menu items. This would be a temporary
quick fix at best. For instance (using "Jon's Commands" for the Finder
selection part) the following does work to encrypt a file(s) selected in the
Finder to my public key, then wipe the plaintext.
tell application "MacPGP"
        encrypt (finder selection) to "Xenon"
        quit
end tell
tell application "FlameFile"
        open (finder selection)
        quit
end tell
10) Jordyn, -=Xenon=-, as well as others, do have connections with the core
PGP development community, for what it's worth. Our main interest is
becoming the interface for the next MacPGP. We need our dumb AppleEvents
crypto engine to be built from PGP2.5 by a few Mac programmers. If you
hadn't suspected it, former MacPGP development is dead, for rather boring
reasons. We will help people interested in working on the MacPGP engine in
any way we can. There should be two compatible versions, US and
international. Since MacPGP development is no longer happening, we need a
new group of dedicated people to tackle this, independently of our interface
11) An encrypted file will have its name altered, as well as its icon (its
type changed to CRYPT too, so a double click will trigger PGP). There are
selection dialog boxes and hierarchical menus which show only names, so
changing an icon isn't enough. I suggest just *, appended directly to the
end of the name, which PGP will not use in any way except as a sign to the
user that file is CypherText.
12) No, this interface is not incorporation of PGP into e-mail programs so
to make it's operation transparent. The reason for this is the good old
VT102 emulator, which so many people use, since that's what came with their
modem. People using Macintosh based e-mail programs, will indeed have it
easier, once someone links those programs to PGP, so outgoing mail is
automatically encrypted, and incoming decrypted. Such uses will still have
use for our Finder-based commands however, and their e-mail programs will
use the same PGP cryto engine, via AppleEvents.
13) For this project to fly, strong leadership is required. This interface
design sheet will be maintained by -=Xenon=-, with equal contribution by
Jordyn Buchanan, and SHOULD be followed. Changes to this sheet are easy
though: tell us your story of woe, need, or ambition, and we will make
changes and issue an update. Alternatively, draft your own sheet ;-). Or get
us interested enough in your ideas that we let you take over. This sheet
will become very detailed. Given the modularity of this interface, more than
one answer to a given problem can be created, with the user choosing
favorites. Wherever a conflict in design philosophy arises, the MacPGP
USERS, not the programmers will have the greater say. That said, we are
looking for creative ideas and damming criticism so we know we are thinking
14) PGP will be free. Why are we doing this? Because ViaCrypt isn't doing
it. Unless their MacPGP is System software, free, with source code, we have
little interest in ViaCrypt as the answer to how to be able to get our
friends to use PGP with us, today. We simply want PGP to become something we
no longer think about, so we can get on with our lives instead of struggling
with the problem of getting others to use it with us. That shall remain our
goal and only purpose.
15) This project is in its infancy. Jordyn and -=Xenon=- are not yet skilled
Mac programmers, which in fact gives us an advantage in designing an
interface. We are here to reflect what the needs of users are, and to
provide organization and resources for this project. We are here by default,
there being no competition. However, and especially since this interface
project is free from legal and political hassles, we need strongly motivated
and highly skilled Mac fanatics to take our design and make it real.
16) The modularity of this interface will allow addition of special-purpose
features to PGP, such as Stealth PGP which strips PGP messages down so far
you can't tell them from noise, steganography, Magic Money functions
(Pr0duct Cypher's PGP-based money system), or anonymous remailer chaining.
In fact, without easy to use interfaces for these systems being available
for the Mac (and Windows), steganography, digital cash, and chaining of
encrypted anonymous remailers will remain obscure toys.
17) The PGP cryto engine, though not mentioned in detail herein, will become
a plaything for programmers who wish to create their own PGP-based
applications such as for sending credit card orders via e-mail, creating
local encrypted networks, making PGP encryption a transparent feature of
steganographs, or transparent incorporation of PGP into Mac-based e-mail
readers. We need to know what such programmers want out of the engine, since
our needs are simple. The engine is not slave to our interface design, and
should be pursued for its own sake. We simply hope to show that it should be
kept simple, perhaps with no interface of its own and run only by
AppleEvents (and thus AppleScript etc. if desired). A separate design effort
will be needed, mainly to simply define the required AppleEvent structures
that will negate the need for its own interface.
One thing I'd love is the ability to define a "safe" folder, the contents of
which would be encrypted, always, unless they were open. Then my diary could
sit in there, and get encrypted as soon as I was done writing and saved it
from my word processor. This could be a System Extension, always watching
that folder. With the PGP crypto engine, the writer of such an Extension
would not have to worry about any crypto code.
18) It's time to stop waiting for PGP3.0 to be released, since our interface
relies only on the most simple of concepts for AppleEvents it will send, and
altering AppleEvents is easy. If and when PGP3.0 arrives, our interface will
be ready, and porting PGP3.0 to the Mac will thus be much easier.
 -=Critical Path=-
Anyone can take it upon themself to work on these.
1) Get source code for MacPGP2.3aV1.1 and alter it to accept the Clipboard
as an input/output option, which it already can do, if operated manually.
Till then we will spool the Clipboard to disk and have MacPGP2.3aV1.1 act
only on files. MacPGP2.3aV1.1 was recently released in Germany, and will act
as our temporary model crypto engine.
2) Recruit native Macintosh programmers, and do a job of inspiring them
about what this project is about, and why it is important. Also find some
frustrated MacPGP users to tell us what they need, though explanations of
what e-mail programs they use, and how they would like to interface it with
PGP. We should get our literature posted on AOL and Compuserve as well,
where many "isolated" programmers live.
3) Learn the ins and outs of J. W. Walker's OtherMenu and write up a
tutorial on how to program the Mac this way, then create our interface in
independent pieces as CODE resource files. A CODE resource is just a Mac
application stripped down a bit, so they are in fact easier than building an
application. The modularity of our interface will give people small yet
fully functional projects to work on.
4) Independently of our MCIP mailing list, port PGP2.5 to the Mac as a
background-only cryto engine, which accepts detailed AppleEvents. Create a
Developer's Kit so any Mac programmer can incorporate PGP into their
5) Copyright our Interface, which is really just a few externals for
OtherMenu, rendering it free.
 -=Questions=-
1) How will we handle pass phrase recycling during a long but busy e-mail
session? We could do without it completely, as an option.
2) Might we allow selection of Macintosh folders full of stuff, then create
an archive of the folder to send to PGP? Or should we just encrypt all the
files within a selected folder? That's easier.
3) Though this would require some tricks, might we have PGP use the
Clipboard indirectly, by automatically copying any selected text from a text
editing window of any application to the Clipboard? Or selecting all of the
text in a text editing area, if no selection has been made by the user? The
could be termed "magic", for it would be like an added feature to that
program that you use it in. Just select text then go to the PGP menu.
4) How can we handle a progress dialog box during long operations? The
crypto engine itself shouldn't in the end have any interface. So how do we
make a legitimate progress indicator?
5) How do we get the name of the file(s) selected when the user is in the
Finder? [If we cannot do this, we can substitute Finder activities with
drag-and-drop applications on the Desktop. There would be three of these,
one for each menu item, "Encrypt/decrypt", "Encrypt to...", and "Sign".]
"Jon's Commands", and AppleScript addition is able to get this info, though
the author said he had to delve into undocumented data structures to find
it. He seemed willing to help, or we could just use his addition.
6) What will happen if the user is in the Finder, but has selected nothing,
or has accidentally selected like their entire hard disk, which is quite
common to accidentally do? On the other hand, it wont be too uncommon for
someone to wish to encrypt the entire contents of a floppy, or even a hard
disk. A dialog box will be needed if the folder selected is a disk.
Obviously, there should be a responsive "Cancel" button/command-. option
while the encryption progress window is on the screen, which should return
all files to their original condition (that's what "Cancel" means). What if
they have nothing selected? A dialog box will appear saying they haven't
selected anything, with "Clipboard" being default, and "Cancel" as an
 -=Comparison of MacPGP2.3 to the New MacPGP=-
1) To encrypt a file on my hard disk, that I just wrote with a word
OLD: 1) Start up MacPGP, and wait for it to fire up (~4 seconds), 2)
Command-key and wait for dialog (1 second), 3) Command-D to get to Desktop
and click-click click-click click-click click-click click-click click-click
click-click to dig up my file deep on my hard disk (~5 seconds), 4) select
my public key from the list and hit OK if I am not using "conventional
encryption" (which I am NOT since nobody, including myself, can stand typing
a damn pass phrase SUPER carefully for an ENCRYPTION step with risk of full
data loss on making a typo), (3 seconds), 5) gaze at a HUGE dialog box of 13
buttons and three text edit boxes, selecting "treat source as Macintosh
file", "wipe original", "don't sign" and gaze again to make sure I don't
have someone else's public key accidentally chosen, and finally hit "Do it"
(~4 seconds), 6) wait while staring at a UNIX/DOS screen scrolling text at
me instead of a normal Macintosh progress box, 7) quit MacPGP.
NEW: Click on the file from the Finder and select "Encrypt/decrypt" from the
PGP menu. Decryption is IDENTICAL, except for prompting for a pass phrase,
and the option of simply double-clicking on the encrypted file.
2) To encrypt a file to someone else:
OLD: SEE ABOVE 7 STEPS!
NEW: Place my message on the Clipboard with two standard keystrokes, select
the person's name in the PGP "Encrypt to" submenu, and paste it into e-
3) To send short quick e-mail:
OLD: 1) Start up a damn word processor and copy the message to the
Clipboard, then SEE ABOVE 7 STEPS.
NEW: 1) Call up PGP's little text editor in an instant, without leaving my
e-mail program, type my message and choose the person's name in the "Encrypt
to" menu of PGP. The editor shuts down and the encrypted message ends up in
the Clipboard, ready to paste into e-mail.
4) Decrypt short e-mail I just got:
OLD: Copy it to the Clipboard and then SEE ABOVE 7 STEPS, and then start up
a damn word processor and Paste the PlainText into a document so I can read
NEW: Copy it to Clipboard and hit "Encrypt/decrypt", holding down the option
key so it appears in PGP's text editor window for my viewing pleasure.
5) Add a key to my public keyring.
OLD: Copy it to Clipboard, start up a word processor, save it as text-only.
Start up PGP, "Add keys...", click-click, click-click, then click-click,
click-click, click-click, click-click to find my pubring.pgp. Then say, no,
I don't want to certify the key myself.
NEW: Copy it to Clipboard, choose "Keys..." from the PGP menu without
leaving my e-mail software, click on a button that says "Add key from
Clipboard". Done, and I'm back in e-mail.
Jordyn Buchanan  -=Xenon=-

@_date: 1994-05-15 15:21:07
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Italians charged with "Appropriation of Secret Passwords" (et al) 
What, exactly, is "appropriation of secret passwords"?
extracted from:
Computer underground Digest
Sun  May 15, 1994   Volume 6 : Issue 41
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-15 18:00:12
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: How good is MIT-PGP 2.5? 
I can't speak to the issue of the code itself, per se, but it should be beared in mind that it is still in Beta, right?
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-16 11:50:36
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: PGP 2.5 Beta Release Over, PGP 2.6 to be released next week 
I suppose that it (also) will not allow upgrade inclusion of a secret
key created with these previous versions? If not, I can't imagine many folks will be rushing to upgrade to 2.6.
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-16 12:21:34
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: pgp 2.6 stupidity 
Personally, I can't see any compelling reason, save legality, for
domestic or international users of PGP to upgrade beyond 2.3a. This whole PGP 2.5/2.6 fiasco is ridiculous.
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-24 11:24:48
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: compatibility with future PGP 
Perhaps, but I think that many folks still do not have the answers
they are looking for -- primarily, can you use the secring generated
by 2.3 or below with the new (2.6) release, if you so desired?
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-25 14:05:30
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: (fwd) EPIC: 1993 US Electronic Surveillance Stats 
Newsgroups: alt.privacy,alt.privacy.clipper,talk.politics.crypto
Organization: Electronic Privacy Information Center
Lines: 101
Distribution: world
NNTP-Posting-Host: cpsr.digex.net
X-UserAgent: Version 1.1.3
X-XXMessage-ID: X-XXDate: Wed, 25 May 94 23:13:36 GMT
From the EPIC Alert 1.01

@_date: 1994-05-26 17:24:10
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Unicorn vs. tmp@netcom 
gtoal writes -
Actually, I find it hard to lend credence to any soap-opera-type-scenarios
of this caliber played out by anonymous personas. And I am a staunch supporter of anonymous-based systems, to say the least.
It does, however, give me my recommended daily allowance of chuckles in
the newsgroups.  ,-)
- paul

@_date: 1994-05-26 18:28:03
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Malformed Signatures? 
Reason Number 7 why I knew i wouldn't cozy to PGP 2.6 -
After tinkering around, I decided to see what would happen if I
implemented PGP 2.6 using my existing 2.3a keyrings. After performimg
a "pgp -kc paul" PGP 2.6 declares my signatories:             (Malformed or obsolete signature format)
and asks if I would like it to:
            Remove bad signatures (Y/n)? Does this mean what I think it means? - paul
just a tad miffed

@_date: 1994-05-27 07:37:21
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: version 2.6? 
You may not find it for anonymous FTP at this point, but you get obtain it directly from MIT:
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
The beta version of PGP 2.5 is now being removed from MIT file servers.
In about a week,  MIT will begin  distribution of a new release numbered
PGP 2.6. PGP 2.6 will incorporate a new version of RSAREF, scheduled for
release by RSA Data Security next week, and  will also correct bugs that
were reported in PGP 2.5.
In order  to   fully protect  RSADSI's intellectual  property  rights in
public-key technology, PGP 2.6 will be designed so  that the messages it
creates after September 1,  1994 will be  unreadable by earlier versions
of PGP that infringe patents licensed exclusively to Public Key Partners
by MIT and Stanford University. PGP 2.6 will continue to be able to read
messages generated by those earlier versions.
MIT's intent is  to discourage continued use  of the earlier  infringing
software,  and to give  people adequate time  to upgrade. As part of the
release process, MIT has commissioned an independent legal review of the
intellectual property issues surrounding earlier releases of PGP and PGP
keyservers. This   review determined  that PGP  2.3  infringes  a patent
licensed by MIT to RSADSI, and that keyservers that primarily accept 2.3
keys  are mostly  likely   contributing to this  infringement.  For that
reason,  MIT encourages all non-commercial  users in the U.S. to upgrade
to PGP 2.6,  and all keyserver operators  to no longer accept keys  that
are identified as being produced by PGP 2.3.

@_date: 1994-05-30 07:18:15
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: "lifeguard(?)": bullet tracking system??? 
Curses. I must've missed the "microphones in Dunkin Donuts" thread.
- paul

@_date: 1994-06-03 15:44:11
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: A black eye for whom? 
On Fri,  3 Jun 1994 21:48:53 UTC
 an5877 (deadbeat) wrote -
_Any_ pitfall in key escrow system or the Clipper technology itself
is far from "miniscule."
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Enterprise Internet Engineering                    tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1994-06-05 18:30:19
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: 6/6 New Yorker anti-crypto propaganda 
Sounds like Mr. Seabrook may be just slightly anal retentive, only
a tad dangerous with his visions of a "kinder, gentler" net.
The culture that is "the Internet" is an anarchy and will probably
remain that way for some time to come. If he desires a more sanitized on-line world, he should probably stick to Prodigy.
Attitudes like his, in my own opinion, are what has made this
country (Amerika) a nation of overly sensitive dolts.
(speaking only for myself -- certainly not for Sprint...) Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Enterprise Internet Engineering                    tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-06-09 15:53:02
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: NIST to propose cryptographic APIs 
extracted from:
Network World
volume 11, number 23
June 6, 1994
page 3
NIST to propose cryptographic APIs
by Ellen Messmer
  Washington, D.C. -- The National Institute of Standards and Technology
(NIST) will soon issue a set of application program interfaces (API)
that would enable vendors to integrate their products with the
cryptography systems used by the federal government.
  Federal security managers are supporting the idea because it will
simplify purchasing and bring some interoperability to cryptography
products. But the move will mean more work for vendors.
  Once the APIs are approved as a federal mandatory purchasing
standard, software and hardware vendors that want to sell to the
government would have to modify any products they sell with
cryptographic functions to support the government-required APIs.
  Several vendors, including Apple Computer, Inc., Lotus Development
Corp., Novell, Inc. and WordPerfect Corp., have already integrated
functions for digital signatures, encryption and decryption into the
latest versions of their products.
  They have licensed cryptography technology from RSA Data Security,
Inc., and the APIs used in their products are based on an open
specification called the Public Key Cryptography Standard. In spite of
the work on these industry-standard APIs, vendors may have to revamp
their products to suit the government.
  NIST said it will detail how the government wants vendors to change
their products to support a high-level API in all products sold to
federal agencies.
  "There would be an advantage to having a common set of services
calls," said Miles Smid, manager of the security technology group at
NIST. "You wouldn't be locked into a single vendor. In the future, if
you added more equipment or changed it, the software would still be
  Smid said the API service calls will include commands to sign or
verify a message electronically, and encrypt or decrypt it. The calls
would invoke the functions from a PCMCIA card, a smart card, software
or other means. With the APIs, the user's application could make use
of any cryptographic algorithm, regardless or whether it's Digital
Encryption Standard, Skipjack or RSA, Smid said.
  "It's a great idea," said Jim Robinette, security manager at the
Internal Revenue Service, which makes considerable use of both
private- and public-key technology. "It's a necessity for us. From
the user's perspective, it would make life very simple."
  A high-level API would still allow vendors free rein in how they
implement their systems at a lower level, Robinette said. But he added
that it may not necessarily be easy for vendors to implement the APIs.
  RSA President James Bidzos criticized the cryptography API plan as
another swipe at his firm, which has been battling the government on
patent rights issues for years. "They're not trying to work with
industry on this," he said.
  NIST plans to unveil the APIs in about a month.

@_date: 1994-06-13 15:12:42
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Cypherpunk signal/noise ration 
It also helps weed out the list when the subscription list gets vaporized
every so often. ,-)  (smiley for the humor-impaired)

@_date: 1994-06-13 16:32:09
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: RSADSI "Terisa" venture 
A (very) brief blurb on the inside cover of Network Worl this week
(p.2, June 13, 1994; vol. 11, number 24):
"That secure feeling. RSA Data Security, Inc., which sells public-key
cryptograpgy software, and Enterprise Integration Technologies Corp.,
product manager for a $12 million Internet marketplace, are teaming up
to sell tools that build secure Internet applications. Their joint
venture, Terisa Systems, will market tools for creating World-Wide
Web clients and servers that incorporate cryptography and digital
signatures for ensuring the privacy and validity of transactions over
the Internet. Shipping is scheduled for late 1994.
Terisa: (415) 617-1836"
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Managed Network Engineering                        tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-06-13 17:37:40
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Big Brother wants the shirt off your back 
Although not exactly crypto-related, I couldn't forego the opportunity
to pass this along - Newsgroups: comp.risks
Sender: daemon
Reply-To: risks
Distribution: world
Organization: The Internet
Lines: 644
Approved: risks

@_date: 1994-06-15 11:10:38
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: NIST's ftp site 
cs-bbs.ncsl.nist.gov or 129.6.54.30
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Managed Network Engineering                        tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-06-15 13:57:47
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks' mail database does exist 
It does my heart good to hear someone use the term 'grok' -- I don't
hear many folks use that term very much anymore.   ,-)
- paul

@_date: 1994-06-15 17:31:33
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks' mail database does exist (fwd) 
You _would_ ask.   grok  /grok/, var. /grohk/ [from the novel _Stranger_in_a_Strange_Land_,
by Robert A. Heinlein, where it is a Martian word meaning literally
'to drink' and metaphorically 'to be one with'] vt. 1. To understand,
usually in a global sense. Connotes intimate and exhaustive knowledge.
Contrast zen, similar supernal understanding as a single brief flash.
See also glark. 2. Used of programs, may connote merely sufficient
understanding. "Almost all C compilers grok the void type these days."
(From "The New Hackers Dictionary," edited by Eric Raymond, adapted
from the original Internet "jargon file")
- paul

@_date: 1994-06-17 05:18:28
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Crypto export legislation defeated in House Intelligence Cmte. 
Bills right. Something's rotten to the proverbial core.
- paul

@_date: 1994-06-25 08:09:35
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: NIST responds to LEAF-blower 
FYI -
extracted from:
RISKS-LIST: RISKS-FORUM Digest  Friday 17 June 1994  Volume 16 : Issue 17
Note: The following material was released by NIST in response to recent
articles regarding AT&T/Matt Blaze and the key escrow chip.  A second more
technical response follows.
                    -------------------------
June 2, 1994
Contact:  Anne Enright Shepherd
(301) 975-4858
The draft paper by Matt Blaze* describes several techniques aimed at
circumventing law enforcement access to key escrowed encryption products based
on government-developed technologies.
As Blaze himself points out, these techniques deal only with the
law-enforcement feature, and in no way reduce the key escrow chips' inherent
security and data privacy.
     --   "None of the methods given here permit an attacker to
          discover the contents of encrypted traffic or
          compromise the integrity of signed messages.  Nothing
          here affects the strength of the system from the point
          of view of the communicating parties...." p. 7.
Furthermore, Blaze notes that the techniques he is suggesting are
of limited use in real-world voice applications.
     --   "28 minutes obviously adds too much latency to the
          setup time for real-time applications such as secure
          telephone calls." p. 7.
     --   "The techniques used to implement them do carry enough
          of a performance penalty, however, to limit their
          usefulness in real-time voice telephony, which is
          perhaps the government's richest source of wiretap-
          based intelligence." p. 8.
Anyone interested in circumventing law enforcement access would most likely
choose simpler alternatives (e.g., use other nonescrowed devices, or super
encryption by a second device).  More difficult and time-consuming efforts,
like those discussed in the Blaze paper, merit continued government review --
but they are very unlikely to be employed in actual communications.
All sound cryptographic designs and products consider trade-offs among design
complexity, costs, time and risks.  Voluntary key escrow technology is no
exception.  Government researchers recognized and accepted that the law
enforcement access feature could be nullified, but only if the user was
willing to invest substantial time and trouble, as the Blaze report points
out.  Clearly, the government's basic design objective for key escrow
technology was met: to provide users with very secure communications that will
still enable law enforcement agencies to benefit from lawfully authorized
wiretaps.  It is still the only such technology available today.
Today, most Americans using telephones, fax machines, and cellular phones have
minimal privacy protection.  The key escrow technology -- which is available
on a strictly voluntary basis to the private sector -- will provide the
security and privacy that Americans want and need.
*    Statements from "Protocol Failure in the Escrowed Encryption
     Standard," May 20 draft report by Matt Blaze, AT&T Bell
     Laboratories
                              -----
Note: The following provides additional technical material in response to
questions regarding a recent paper by Matt Blaze on key escrow encryption.
        --------------------------------------
Technical Fact Sheet on Blaze Report and Key Escrow Encryption
     Several recent newspaper articles have brought attention to a report
prepared by Dr. Matthew Blaze, a researcher at AT&T's Bell Labs. These
articles characterize a particular finding in Blaze's report as a ~flaw~ in
the U.S. government's key escrow encryption technology. None of the findings
in Dr. Blaze's paper in any way undermines the security and privacy provided
by the escrow encryption devices.
     The finding which has received the most publicity could allow a
non-compliant or ~rogue~ application to send messages to compliant or
~non-rogue~ users which will not be accessible by law enforcement officials
through the escrowed encryption standard field called the Law Enforcement
Access Field (LEAF).
     Dr. Blaze's approach uses the openly disclosed fact that the LEAF
contains 16-bit checkword to prevent rogue users from modifying the law
enforcement access mechanism. This 16-bit checkword is part of the 128-bit
LEAF, which also includes the enciphered traffic key and the unique chip
     Dr. Blaze's method is to randomly generate different 128-bit LEAFs until
he gets one that passes the checkword. It will take on average 216, or 65,536
tries.  This is not a formidable task; it could be done in less than an hour.
Dr. Blaze questions the adequacy of a 16-bit checkword and suggests using a
larger one, to ensure that the exhaustion attack would be so time consuming as
to be impractical.
     The chip designers recognized the strengths and limitations of a 16-bit
checkword. Following are the reasons why they chose to use a checkword of only
16 bits:
* There were four fundamental considerations that the designers considered in
choosing the LEAF parameters.
These were:
(1) ease of access by authorized law enforcement agencies, (2) impact on communications, (3) a sufficiently large identifier field which would not constrain
manufacturers, and
(4) the difficulty required to invalidate the LEAF mechanism by techniques
such as those described by Dr. Blaze.
* The purpose of the LEAF is to preserve law enforcement's ability to access
communications in real-time. The encrypted traffic key, which enables them to
do this, is 80 bits long. In addition to this 80-bit field, the LEAF must
contain the unique identification number of the key escrow encryption chip
doing the encryption.
* The size of the identifier field was the subject of considerable
deliberation.  In the earliest considerations it was only 25 bits long. The
chip designers recognized that 25 bits did not offer enough flexibility to
provide for multiple manufacturers of key escrow devices. Different chip
manufacturers would need manufacturer identifiers as well as their own chip
identifiers to ensure that identifiers are unique. Eventually, the designers
agreed that 32 bits would adequately meet this requirement.
* In many environments, error-free delivery of data is not guaranteed, and
there is considerable concern by communication engineers that requiring
error-free transmission of a fixed field (the LEAF) could make the encryption
device difficult to use. In early discussions with industry, they were opposed
to any checkword.  In the end, they agreed it would be acceptable if the size
of the LEAF was restricted to 128 bits. This left 16 bits for a checkword to
inhibit bypassing the LEAF. While recognizing the possibility of exhausting
these 16 bits, the designers concluded that 16 bits are adequate for the first
intended application. Security enhancements are being made for other
applications, such as the TESSERA card.
Note that computations are required to search for a matching checkword, which
then has to be properly substituted into the communications protocol. The
performance and cost penalties of the search operation are significant for
telephone, radio, and other such applications, thus providing adequate
protection against this technique for bypassing the LEAF.
In summary:
* Although this technique would allow one to bypass the LEAF, the security
provided by the escrow encryption devices would not be altered. Users'
information would still be protected by the full strength of the encryption
* Dr. Blaze was accurate in noting that these attacks are of limited
effectiveness in real-time telephony.
* When designing the key escrow chip, NSA emphasized sound security and
privacy, along with user friendliness. The attacks described by Dr. Blaze were
fully understood at the time of initial chip design. The use of 16 bits for
the checkword was an appropriate choice in view of the constraints of a
128-bit LEAF.  It provides excellent security for real-time telephone
applications with high assurance that law enforcement's interests are
* Dr. Blaze's research was done using prototype TESSERA cards.  As part of the
family of planned releases/upgrades, NSA already has incorporated additional
security safeguards into the production TESSERA cards to protect against the
kinds of attacks described by Dr. Blaze.
-------- end of article ----------------------
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Managed Network Engineering                        tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-06-26 15:09:28
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: GILMORE IN THE SUNDAY PAPER 
For those of us less fortunate non-left-coasters, would someone be
kind enough to commit John's piece to ascii and forward it to the
list?  ,-)
- paul

@_date: 1994-06-29 05:51:10
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Un-Documented Feature 
But then again, cypherpunks _do_ write code, right?  ,-)
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-02 09:27:27
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: IS IT POSSIBLE? 
Not exactly in this manner, but yes. Given the proper equipment, you can put someone on a raft in the middle of a lake plinking away on the
keyboard -- and discern every keystroke from the shoreline. That's no secret, mein freund.
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-05 17:13:42
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: BoardWatch & DigiCash. 
Tim May writes -
Worthless is usually a good description, however there _is_ a very
informative article by Bruce Schneier (howdy) in the July/August
issue of _INFO_Security_News_, called "Encryption's Bright IDEA"
about the background of the IDEA cipher.

@_date: 1994-07-06 05:56:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: (fwd) Going to a Computer Conference?  Don't use your real name! 
excerpted from:
RISKS-LIST: RISKS-FORUM Digest  Tuesday 5 July 1994  Volume 16 : Issue 19
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-06 16:54:01
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Detwiler's Crypto Mailing List 
Where have you guys been? Larry Detweiler's silly little "wonks"
list has been around, to the best of my recollection, for about
a year now. He couldn't take his medicine, so off he went...
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-06 18:31:47
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: "Cypherpunk" vs. "Cryptorebel" 
I've been a "cypherpunks" list subscriber since (almost) the creation
of the list. We've (collectively) had this discussion more times
than I can count.
Please, let's drop this thread and move on to more productive pastures.   ,-)
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-07 14:00:44
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Damnit! 
No shit. Choat receives the prestiged kill-file award for 7 July 1994.
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-08 19:33:40
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: .rainbow.folks 
Sorry -- I couldn't resist the urge to ask:
Aren't these the Smokey Mountain Nudists?
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-09 15:32:07
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: As long as we're voting, 
Ditto, with regards to on-line, electronic sources. However, if you want to take the time to type-in an article related to crypto by
hand, I'll certainly take the time to read it.
Just my $.02, as usual.
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-13 18:14:13
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: FW: Ordering White House docs via email 
Make no mistake; its president not .com.
Send him an e-mail.
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-19 16:57:56
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Ms. Nym's stigmata 
You forgot to mention tentacles. Lots of tentacles.
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-20 16:39:43
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Time goes mainstream w/ Internet hype 
Greets, fellow tentacles.
Just a quick note to alert you to the recent Time issue with the cover:
"The Strange New World of the Internet," subtitled "Battles on the Frontiers of cyberspace."
Actually, it's a decent article for the neophyte. It goes into detail on
the Cantor & Seigle (boo, hiss) 'Green Card' spam and even mentions
cypherpunks by name.
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-22 19:46:20
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Gore to Cantwell 
Octupus. Octopus have eyes, yet no backbone.  And not much for brains, either. Oh, and don't forget the tentacles. - paul

@_date: 1994-07-28 16:19:01
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Catch-22 
You lucky guy.
I'd suggest talking with someone who _has_ had to report to one said offices in the past and enlist their suggestions, perhaps Grady Ward.
- paul

@_date: 1994-07-31 16:36:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Children and the Net 
Tim May  writes - The _most_ basic, I'd venture to say, upon which the ideals of
a democracy are founded. I think you've summed it up quite nicely, Tim.
- paul

@_date: 1994-08-01 11:20:30
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: GAK 
Sorry, can't. GAK (tm) is already trademarked by Nickelodeon for that
nice, slimy green stuff that my kids manage to get into the carpet.  ,-)
- paul

@_date: 1994-08-01 15:41:39
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted text illegal across US borders? 
No. Not only is it not true, it would be virtually impossible to enforce
were it actually true. You should slap the person who told you this with a yard stick.  ,-)
- paul

@_date: 1994-08-01 17:03:20
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Encryption in Fiction (DKM's _The Long Run_) 
Man, you fucking science-fiction afectionados scare me.
 "Baaad things, man, Baaad things."   ,-)
- paul

@_date: 1994-08-05 20:18:01
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: (fwd) Latest Cyberwire Dispatch 
I couldn't recall this already being posted to the list, so
apologies if you've already seen it. As the syaing goes, "Be afraid. Be very afraid."
- paul Forwarded message:

@_date: 1994-08-09 03:53:39
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: NRO spoof 
On the local news this morning (Washington DC) there was a clip
with Sen. John Warner expressing his displeasure with how the
"intelligence community" has hidden the money for a massive
construction effort to house the NRO. The land was bought and
permits were applied for under the guise of a development for
Rockwell International. There will probably be a follow-up story in this morning's Washington Post.
- paul

@_date: 1994-08-09 06:29:20
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: NRO spoof and deception 
Front page story in the Washington Post, as expected, entitled, "Spy Unit's Spending Stuns Hill," and subtitled, "$310 Million Facility
Secretly Sprouts Up Near Dulles Airport."
Gee, I wondered what that building was.  ,-)
A couple of select quotes from the article:
"The Senate Select Committee on Intelligence yesterday charged that the
clandestine agency that manages the nation's spy satellites has concealed
from Congress the mushrooming cost of a $310 million compund it has been
secretly building near Dulles International Airport.
"President Clinton declassified the existence of the proposed headquarters
for the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) yesterday after several senators protested to him privately that they had been kept in the dark
about the cost and scope of the project. At 1 million square feet, it is
nearly one-fourth the size of the Pentagon.
"The NRO, whose very existence was until two years ago an officially
classified secret, is jointly overseen by the CIA and the Department
of Defense. Until yesterday, the headquarters project had been publicly
described as an office complex for Rockwell International Corp., the Los
Angeles-based defense contractor."
"DeConcini critized the Pentagon and the CIA for not providing Congress
adequate information. The intelligence community is a culture that
'believes we don't have to account like everybody else in government,'
he said."
- paul

@_date: 1994-08-10 08:32:17
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: GAK? 
It's a cypherpunk' coined acronym for "Government Access to Keys;" a parody on the possibility of SKE (Software Key Encryption).
- paul

@_date: 1994-08-18 10:44:14
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: CIA Using Remailer System? 
Jim Dixon writes - That's patently false -- we're located in Herndon, Virginia, right
across the street from Dulles Airport and a hop, skip & jump down
the street from the new NRO office.  ,-)
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Managed Network Engineering                        tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-09-03 18:01:27
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: PGP 2.6(1) 
... is obviously not available yet. I just took a look on
net-dist.mit.edu and only vanilla 2.6 is still available.
Any clues on when 2.6(1) will be available?
- paul

@_date: 1994-09-06 17:09:09
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Where can I get cypherpunk t-shirts? 
Funny you should mention that. I ordered a "Cypherpunk Criminal"
tee shirts (a couple, actually) and got them without delay.
I am very happy with them.
Suggest you e-mail cvoid to resolve.
- paul

@_date: 1994-09-11 17:09:40
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Curious content 
I'm not so sure I'm very fond of the quote that you used in the              - As Paul Ferguson, Cypherpunk and manager at US Sprint,
                puts it: "We're located in Herndon, Virginia, right
                across the street from Dulles Airport and a hop, skip &
                jump down the street from the new NRO office.   ,-)"
                [P.F., 1994-08-18]
As I did say this, and it _is_ true, it somehow lends conjecture to the
scenario that Sprint is somehow involved with US Gov't wiretapping
I'd appreciate it if you could either strike the quote or clarify it
to reflect the true meaning of my remarks.
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Managed Network Engineering                        tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-09-11 17:55:20
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Curious content 
An additional note:
I appreciate Tim's effort to compile a document we can all call our
own. In my opinion, its been a long time in coming.
Tim and I share many idealisms, including those of cryptoanarchy,
zero-tolerance and non-governmental manipulation.
Any and all remarks I make to the list are public, and believe it or
not, I understand that when I make them. One would be a fool not to understand the implications.
Just thought I'd toss in these few pennies...
- paul

@_date: 1994-09-15 04:34:53
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: (fwd) A new PGP 
For those of you who haven't already seen this -- my apologies for
the post if you already have....
Forwarded message:
- paul

@_date: 1994-09-16 04:27:23
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: C'Punks web server? 
This may sound like a stoopid question, but didn't someone mention
a c'punk web server (or something similar) a while back?
If something like this exists, where's the home page located?
- paul

@_date: 1994-09-16 05:19:08
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: C'Punks web server (again) 
I found it, for anyone interested, by a reference on the EFF Web Server:
 - paul

@_date: 1994-09-20 19:01:41
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: HTTP authentication efforts 
Howdy guys 'n gals.
As much as I'd love to rant about Detweiler getting an account on Colorado
Supernet, I must put aside my insidious remarks for the time being.
Does anyone know, on the off-chance, who is currently working on HTTP authentication processes for web browsing and Mosiac?
Pointers appreciated.
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Managed Network Engineering                        tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1994-09-21 12:17:15
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Reserved DC-Net IP addresses - NOT! 
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint Managed Network Engineering                        tel: 703.904.2437 Herndon, Virginia  USA                        internet: paul

@_date: 1995-01-11 16:47:14
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Internet World on Net Security 
Most of them were _very_ cursory, geared more towards the neophyte.
In fact, some of them were actually misleading, especially the
article on firewalls.
- paul
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint                                          tel: 703.689.6828
Managed Network Engineering                   internet: paul
Reston, Virginia  USA

@_date: 1995-01-15 18:58:12
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: ... and speaking of WiReD... 
Given the recent discussion on WireD, I thought some of you
might enjoy this editorial (read: rant) authored by Erik Bloodaxe.
- paul
Forwarded message:

@_date: 1995-01-23 04:25:43
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Markoff/NYT on IP spoofing 
Perry, pray tell, what else was John alluding to?
- paul
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint                                          tel: 703.689.6828
Managed Network Engineering                   internet: paul
Reston, Virginia  USA

@_date: 1995-01-23 04:33:51
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Markoff/NYT on IP spoofing 
Hmm. This could indeed be something of concern, since it demonstrates
that someone is taking great pains to take advantage of the shortcomings
of the IP protocol, if I recall smb's paper content. I'll have to dig
that one out when I get into the office this morning...
- paul

@_date: 1995-01-24 18:59:23
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: Re: Clinton freezes U.S. assets of Mideast groups 
The same one that causes airplanes to crash.  :-)
This was obviously a doofus statement and should be treated as such.
- paul
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint                                          tel: 703.689.6828
Managed Network Engineering                   internet: paul
Reston, Virginia  USA

@_date: 1995-01-29 20:38:39
@_author: Paul Ferguson 
@_subject: UNIX bashing? 
Too late...
UNIX is a _networking_ OS, in my mind, above and beyond anything else
which the 'mainstream' may desire.
If I want Excel, Word or Powerpoint, I'll use my PC (which is completely
compatible, via PPP, and able to exchange data) to work within these
obviously proprietary formats. :-)
Microsoft hasn't really made any attempt to enbrace the UNIX community.
Why should we emmrace Microsoft?
- paul
Paul Ferguson                         US Sprint                                          tel: 703.689.6828
Managed Network Engineering                   internet: paul
Reston, Virginia  USA
