
@_date: 1994-12-02 06:05:04
@_author: "Paul Dinnissen" 
@_subject: Re: Brands excluded from digicash beta 
We're sorry to hear any complaints about the handling of any requests for information regarding  ecash. As you can understand, we are certaintly not
planning to create unsatisied ecash users at the very start of the ecash endeavour.
So at least we are happy to hear from you so we can act appropriately.
DigiCash has the ambitious goal to make the ecash client software available on virtually every OS platform and/or system.
Alas, our programmers crew is not that extensive that we're able to release everything at once, we has to resort to a phased release approach.  For some insight in the release history of the sundry ecash versions, we refer to our WEB server pages.
With this background we answer your questions and remarks, at the hand of
some of quote orginating form your mail to DigiCash.  As announced, the ecash-trial starts in phases. Currently we are completing most versions of ecash. We receive quite a lot of good feedback from the first releases. Therefore we decided to change the user-interface to get better software that is easier to use, before confronting the user of the next releases with problems already solved! We decided to first to select tester from our own timezone to facilitate easy voice communication in case extensive support issues. Contrary to our expectations we encountered  relatively  few problems, so we can  soon release also the beta-test to tester in the remaining time zones. So as you can see our release policy is not that staight forward and involves a lot of considerations like usability and acceptance.
This is one of the main reasons why Mr. S. Brands HAS received his beta-test version friday the 11th of November, together with all his collegues at the CWI.  They all run Silicon Graphics International OS and before that date this version wasn't finished.
Sometimes we can react very fast, but alas this is only the case for standard procedures which we did automate.  More specific questions and requests *have* to be handled by humans.  We think the people who are willing to invest quite some effort in setting up a shop for the beta test, are very important participants in the beta test trail.  Therefore it seems *very* unlike to us that we didn't respond to *any*
mail or request from you.  Not trusting our own memory ( we do receive more than 100 (yes, hundred) mails on ecash *each* day, even Sundays) we dove right in to it and found a trail of  DigiCash answers to your mail with the subject: 'Concerns about ecash'.  Sorry we *did* sent you a respons within an hour from your request by my colleague Branko. He is responsible for our bank in the trial. His respons was:
-The dbm library used by Linux and FreeBSD are different, so the ecash
-databases are also incompatible.  If you have a password for getting an
-initial balance, you can also use this password for reopening your
-account (and keeping your old balance).  For the server
-account you can use the password ********  (pw made invisible PD) for this.
We feel somewhat troubled by these comments.  We strongly feel that the alleged 'lack of consideration' as unjustified.  First we would like to split up your comment in to two different issues, first regarding our potential customers and secondly the issue of Mr. S. As we mentioned before we deem *all* our users, in the past, now, and in the future, as important whether it concerns "shops"  or mere "customers"  they all contribute to a successful new payment medium.
We like you to consider this phase in the existence of ecash as a genuin beta trail.  In beta test not only software is being trailed but the supporting services too!  However, it should be noted that we did respond to your mail and requests. On the issue on Mr. S. Brands.  As we explained before no way we even considered to exclude Mr. Brands for the beta test. As of the technical appreciation of the Chaum system  as opposed to the Brands system and the alleged scalability issues , we propose you contact Mr. S. Brands and Mr. D. Chaum for details. We will give a call today to check if received this mail. We hope to resolve the problems mentioned above and to continue our co-operation.
Kindest regards,
Paul Dinnissen
DigiCash bv.
