
@_date: 1994-02-10 17:50:25
@_author: "Paul Elliott" 
@_subject: OS2 IO driver for RNG-810 random number generator is released. 
I have released an OS/2 device driver for the CALNET/NEWBRIDGE RNG-810
random number generator.
The file rng-810.zip has been uploaded to ftp-os2.cdrom.com.
It has been placed in the directory /pub/os2/incoming.
I have recommended that this file find its ultimate home
in: /pub/os2/2_x/drivers.
It has also been made available in compu$erve
forum: OS2USER LIB:3 as the file rng810.zip
Sources are included in the file, and its is released
under the GNU Public Licence. It is written in Borland C++ 3.0
and TASM(IDEAL MODE). The Borland C++ runtime source is needed
to compile it.
- - From the software point of view, the RNG-810 is a very simple device.
Simply do a "in" instruction on the port (300h 302h 304h or 306h) depending
on its jumpers and you receive a random byte. The IO driver can probably
be used with any random number generator that is accessed in the same

@_date: 1994-02-11 04:20:28
@_author: "Paul Elliott" 
@_subject: What is the CANNET/NEWBRIDGE RNG-810 
I have been asked by several cypherpunks what the CALNET/NEWBRIDGE
RNG-810 is. It is a board you can place in a 8 or 16 bit slot of an
80x86 computer. Each time you do an inb instruction for the board's port
address you get a random byte.
I have one in my computer, and it works. I got mine from CALNET
electronics INC. I paid $300 for it several years back. However I have
been informed that CALNET no longer sells them and they must be obtained
from NEWBRIDGE MICROSYSTEMS. See quoted message:
I have a catalog from Newbridge Microsystems, Document:90000.MD300.02,
Copyright 1992. Page 4-77 Says: "The NM 810 RNG Random Number Generator
is an implementation of the latter approach, with eight RBG 1210s in
parallel and a PC XT/AT bus interface. Random bytes are input to the
computer through an I/O  (Input/Output) port. Any data type (integer,
floating point etc.) can then be easily constructed in software by using
successive random bytes and arranging them according to the desired
internal data format."
I do not know if Newbridge still has RNG-810s to sell. Perhaps someone
will call the 800 number above and find out.
One restriction that I received in the docs with my CALNET RNG-810 is
that if you attempt to read the device too fast (less the 40u sec
between reads), the succesive bytes are not randomly independent. This
is a problem for my IO driver as you do not want to do a spin wait on a
real operating system like OS/2 and timer interrupts only occur 18.2
times per second. This causes my driver to run _MUCH_ slower than the
hardware would require.
I believe that the simple interface used by the RNG-810 is natural
enough that it is likely to be used by others who create random number
generators. And so my driver may be useful with other devices.
But I have received mail recently from someone that makes a RNG that you
attach to you serial port and runs at 9600 baud. You could probably use
your standard serial port driver with such a device.

@_date: 1994-02-11 14:50:38
@_author: "Paul Elliott" 
@_subject: NEWBRIDGE RNG-810 
I have found from Newbridge that the RNG-810 is still for sale $415 US.

@_date: 1994-03-13 17:13:51
@_author: "Paul Elliott" 
@_subject: Question about the Clipper Chip 
I have heard that the Clipper Chip is only supposed to be used
for voice applications. Does anyone know if  the inputs and outputs
of the Clipper Chip digital or analog? That is does the clipper
chip input/output an analog signal with some sort of internal
analog to digital converter or does have purely digital inputs
and outputs?
The reason I ask is, if the chip does analog IO, then it
would be possible for the chip to be designed to deliberately
leak its own key disguised as a measurement error in the
low bits of the analog to digital/analog conversion.

@_date: 1994-04-30 14:08:30
@_author: "Paul Elliott" 
@_subject: Detweiler 
Hey, I liked his FAQ on anonymity  on the internet. But I understand
that he has since gone off the deep end. Does any one have the details?
What went wrong?
I have a copy of the Jargon File and Tentacle is not listed.
Surely cypherpunk words like tentacle and cypherpunk could be added.

@_date: 1994-06-05 11:46:48
@_author: "Paul Elliott" 
@_subject: Cypherpunks write articles 
Cypherpunks should write articles to local newspapers and journals to
undermine the Clipper Chip's political and bustiness support. Here is
a article that I was able to get published in a local computer users
Journal (HAL PC USERS JOURNAL). The net is already saturated with
information on this issue. It is time to attack more conventional
media. Others cypherpunks could write other articles to local
newspapers and journals.
The actual article is quoted with ">" I have added my commentary.
This Section was seen by the Editor only and was not published.
But it can be sent to the recipients of the cypherpunks and extropians mailing
In this section I do set up so the reader will know what the heck I am
talking about! I take a few shots at targets of opportunity along the
Use the NSA's own terminology to slime the chip.
Many people have an instinctive distrust of promises.
The set up about the difference between a Clipper Chip Law and
the actual Clipper Chip Act is necessary so that the reader
will understand my comments about John Gilmore's freedom of
information act request later.
In this section I try to convince the typical business man or
corporate buyer that the Clipper Chip is a bad business decision.
I found this list of Clipper Chip opponents in a magazine article.
In this section I invoke the latent hatred of the IRS and regulatory
agencies, without suggesting that the reader may be contemplating any
extra-legal need for strong encryption. (Which he very well may be,
but I did not say it.)
I use the drug war to point out security vulnerabilities of the Clipper
I use John Gilmore's Freedom of information act request to spread fear
uncertainty and doubt.
Suggest that businesses wait for strong encryption.
In this section is aimed at the typical ACLU Democratic Party civil
liberties types. I try to disgust them with the policy of the Clinton
Administration. The hated (by Democratic liberal civil libertarians)
Rush Limbaugh makes the perfect foil.
I compare Clinton to Nixon, who also liked to bug phones.
Moynihan originally used the phrase "boob bait for the bubbas
with respect to the people that support so-called welfare-reform.
ACLU types typically feel superior to these people, so I suggest
that they themselves are being taken for the same ride that the
bubba's are being taken on.
This section gets smiles from those who already oppose Clinton,
but I may be pushing the envelope too far, and risk loosing
Clinton's supporters.
(This was written before the latest flaw in clipper's escrow
feature was found. If I were writting today, I would certainly
use it to show government incompetence and hence weakness in the
Clipper system.)
Many cypherpunks are intelligent and literate people. If I can
write and get an article like this published, even if in an
admittedly minor journal, other cypherpunks should be able to
write even better articles that undermine the clipper chip,
and get them published in more important journals.

@_date: 1994-07-18 22:58:05
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: How to legally circumvent the PGP 2.6 "legal kludge"! 
How to legally circumvent the PGP 2.6 Legal Kludge.
According to the pgpdoc2.txt that comes with PGP 2.6:
This is the "legal kludge". However there is an undocumented PGP
parameter in PGP 2.6 which appears to be intended to allow the PGP
user to disable this "feature". This parameter may only be specified
on the command line using the "+" syntax. It is thought that it was
intended that one could disable this feature using a command like the
pgp +legal_kludge=off -e file
However this does not work. In the source file config.c we find:
Since legal_kludge is a Boolean variable, the specified value "=off"
is in the variable "flag". Value usually has the wrong number, since
it is not set for Boolean values. Thus due to what appears to be a
bug, we can not use the "legal_kludge" parameter to disable the
kludge.  Perhaps the bug is not really a bug at all, but a
feature. After all it does limit the interpretability of pgp 2.6 with
earlier versions.
We can not fix this bug without violating MIT's licensing
If we were hell-bent to frustrate RSA and MIT, we would simply use
pgp26ui and not tell them about it rather than hack their sacred
It would seem to be an impasse. Or is it? Note that value is declared
Every time a numeric parameter is parsed the variable value is used to
hold the number. So all we have to do is specify a numeric parameter
of zero before we specifying "legal_kludge"!  We can then set that
parameter back to the desired value if zero is not desired. That is
the following works!
The above assumes that we wish to use 4 as the value of cert_depth.
We set cert_depth to zero only to get the value of "value" to 0.  The
the legal_kludge parameter will set the value of "legal_kludge" to be
=value=0, then we set cert_depth to the real desired value.
This trick is legal, because we have not modified pgp 2.6 in any way.
We are simply exploiting a bug or feature in the way PGP 2.6 is
This kludge may seem to be too kludgy! It is asking a lot to ask users
to type such a thing! But is this really a problem? Most users do not
invoke PGP directly. They usually invoke PGP thru a mail program or
some other shell program.  These shell programs can be easily modified
to do the right thing.  In the worst case, people could define a shell
alias to invoke pgp with the incantation!
This discovery will allow people who must use PGP 2.6 to communicate
with people with earlier versions of PGP!

@_date: 1994-07-31 13:10:50
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: cryptosystems journal vol2 #2 
Does any one know how I could get a copy of Cryptosystems journal vol
2  I wanted to read the article on hardware rng's.  I tried writing
the publisher and getting from the Library of congress on inter
library loan, but the publisher never answered, and the Library of
congress said it was currently being processed, whatever that means.

@_date: 1995-07-19 14:20:36
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Why no action alert, coalition opposing S. 974? 
I have read the EFF analysis of Senate bill 974, which is designed to
inhibit encryption on Networks. I think that it is a thoughtful document
but I am concerned that there has been no action alert produced to tell
people the most effective way to oppose this horrible Bill. People
who are concerned about the bill need to know what Senators could most
profitably be contacted. Also why has no coalition been formed to oppose
this bill? I am aware that many people are busy opposing S314, but
S974 is equally terrible as it attempts to suppress free expression.
I could try to produce an action alert myself, but I would probably make
errors as I am not up on the legal subtleties and the intricacies of
Congress. Could some of the savvy people please write an action alert?
Otherwise I will be forced to take a stab at it.

@_date: 1995-07-21 09:51:45
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: Why no action alert, coalition opposing S. 974? 
Many of the leaders of the major net civil liberties organizations have made
statements concerning SB 974. They seem to agree that no action alert
or coalition on SB 974 should be formed at this time.
Some of the statements about SB 974.
"Silly Bill"
"not going anywhere"
"subcommittee hearing not set yet"
"inflammatory distraction"
"campaign is unlikely to be successful"
"the bill is doomed"
I remain concerned about this bill and am not satisfied with the response
to this bill.
Exon was a silly bill, but it passed the Senate by a wide margin.
How can a campaign to stop the bill not be successful if the bill
is not going anywhere? Perhaps we need to have a success to
gain momentum. The people on the subcommittee are going to be very
important as the rest of the Senate will consider them to be the "experts".
Since the net is esoteric to most people there will be a strong tendency
to depend on the "experts". The best time to persuade these "experts"
will be before they make any public statements about the bill in the
subcommittee hearings and their positions are locked by pride not wanting to publicly change their positions. Thus we should be contacting
these people now, and we may have a chance to nip SB 974 in the bud.
By the way, what subcommittee was it sent to? I understand it was
one of the subcommittees of Judiciary but no one said which one.
Because there is no action alert, people do not know what States have the senators on the sub-committee. People from these States
are the ones that should be especially encouraged to contact their Senators.
In any case, it is clear that if any significant action on SB 974 will
be taken at this time, the CYPHERPUNKS will have to do it. The major
net civil liberties organizations have bowed out for now.
Are there any cypherpunks out there who can help? Perhaps someone
has writing skills that would be willing to write an action alert?
Perhaps someone knows which subcommittee it was sent to?
Since SB 974 hobbles our right to use encryption, the cypherpunks
should be especially interested in opposing it.

@_date: 1995-07-21 20:50:25
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: Why no action alert, coalition opposing S. 974? 
Sun Tzu in his classic _The Art of War_ says:
"Therefore those who win every battle are not really skillful--those
who render  others armies helpless without fighting are the best of
The superior militarist strikes while schemes are being laid. The
next best is to attack alliances.  The next best is to attack the army."
"To unfailingly take what you attack, attack where there is no defense.
For unfailingly  secure defense, defend where there is no attack.
So in the case of those who are skilled in attack, their opponents do not
know where to defend. In the case of those skilled in the art of defense,
their opponents do not know where to attack."
"Be extremely subtle, even to the point of formlessness. Be extremely mysterious, even to the point of soundlessness. Thereby you can be the director of the opponent's fate.
To advance irresistibly, push through their gaps. To retreat elusively,
outspeed them."
I am afraid that if those who favor network freedom to not apply
Sun Tzu's principles we may be defeated. What are we doing to
"attack while the schemes are being laid?" If we were to provoke
opposition now in the beginning, it would create the impression
that if the bill were to become a threat, then there would be furious
opposition. We have a chance to win by indirection. But we are loosing
it by inaction. Sun Tzu recommends the use of spies, but because
the net civil liberties organizations are inactive, we are deprived of our spies. We do not even know which subcommittee it has been sent to.
We do not know which Senators we should direct the pressure to.
I am now making inquiries from here in Texas (through the offices
of the Texas Senators) as to what subcommittee. But it may take
a while. But this information should be easily available to organizations
like EFF and VTW. It should be in an action alert so that people like
me here in Texas do not have to search for it using non-optimal means.
If anybody knows which subcommittee the bill has been sent to, please
tell me.

@_date: 1995-07-23 14:21:46
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: Why no action alert, coalition opposing S. 974? 
OK, OK, OK--
Robbie Westmorland has persuaded me that an action alert before
the bill has been "calendared" could be counterproductive. The reason
is that until the bill is scheduled to come before a committee, many
do not know it exists, and we do not want to tell them! There is a
possibility that the bill might be quietly forgotten about, up to the time
that it is "calendared".
Is there any reason we could not prepare an action alert in advance
to be released immediately when/if it is scheduled to come before
a subcommittee?

@_date: 1995-08-01 23:14:15
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: A hole in PGP 
If I were going to create a hole in PGP, I would create a "bug" in
PGP's key generation process which would limit the primes PGP
chooses to a relatively small subset. Then when I wanted to break,
I would factor by searching this small subset.
I could also try to put a bug in the code that chooses a Random
Idea key, making it choose from a small subset, that again could be
To put a bug in the idea portion of PGP would be difficult because
people can check if PGP can intemperate with other implementations
of IDEA.

@_date: 1995-08-23 00:22:05
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: CypherRant: Reasons why private cryptography should not be regulated. 
CypherRant: Reasons why private cryptography should not be regulated.
Paul Elliott is solely responsible for this document.
Please distribute widely.
FBI director Freeh has been going around pushing his stupid plans
for cryptography regulation. Usually, these plans take the form of
some kind of mandatory key escrow. Mandatory key escrow schemes
are requirements that encryption keys be given to government agencies
with the promise that the keys will not be used without a warrant.
Now let me give some reasons why Freeh's requests should be ignored.
1) It is unconstitutional!
                of speech and the cryptography regulations try to regulate
                this speech to a form the government understands.
                Congress shall make  NO LAW ....or abridging the
                government ITAR regulations admit this. Therefore
                cryptography is protected by Second amendment.
                give congress the power to tell us what computer
                software we can run on our computers. Therefore
                that power remains with us, and we should be able
                to run whatever cryptography software we want the                 displeasure of congress not withstanding.
Since all Senators and Congressmen take an oath to preserve and defend
the constitution of the U.S., this should be the end of the argument.
However, watching some of the stupid laws that have come out of congress
in past years, tells me I should supplement the above with additional
I am not a lawyer and I am not trying to be one. I have no opinion as to
whether private cryptography regulations will be found unconstitutional.
There are a number of cases where out courts have made decisions which
do great violence to the plain meaning of the text of our constitution.
Knowing what the courts will actually do is the business of lawyers.
Understanding the constitution so that one may know what the courts should do should be the business of every citizen.
2) The excellent NRA argument "when guns are outlawed only outlaws
will have guns" applies with equal force to cryptography! Professional
criminals will circumvent with ease any government regulations on
cryptography. Billions of bytes travel the internet yearly. The techniques
of steganography make it absolutely trivial for any motivated person to conceal any encrypted messages. The Big Brother cryptography regulations
will affect only ordinary citizens.
3) Cryptography is already in use by legitimate business. Any government
regulation of cryptography will probably cost huge amounts of money for
software and hardware costs for existing systems to be changed to a form
that the government approves. The existing ITAR regulations probably
cost the U.S. economy large amounts of money because U.S. companies can
not market cryptography software internationally. By discouraging
private cryptography, the ITAR regulations probably enables a large
amount of computer crime since it makes it difficult for people to
protect themselves. The ITAR regulations have not and can not prevented
strong cryptography from making it outside  the U.S. How many tons of
cocaine illegally enter the U.S. every year? Yet the government ITAR
regulations propose to regulate the export of software that can fit in a
shirt pocket, or travel by wire concealed with  billions of bytes of
data that leave the U.S. every year. It is time for the U.S. government
to start living in the real world!
According to an article in the August 17, 1995 Wall Street Journal, ITAR
regulations have required Netscape to use inferior encryption methods in
the international version of its World Wide WeB browser software. This
inferior encryption method has actually been broken by a French Hacker!
Because of its computational intensity, this weakness in the encryption
method does not represent an immediate danger. However as more powerful
computers continue to develop, this and similar vulnerabilities will
present a danger for those who wish to use the internet for commerce.
4) These regulations make it impossible for an individual to have
greater privacy than the U.S. government. The Adlrich Ames case makes it
clear that the U.S. is incompetent to keep a secret. 5) The proposed regulations require the American people trust the
government, but on the contrary, the government should be required to
trust the American people. Recent news stories (Waco ect.) make  it
clear that it is common for government agents to lie to get a search warrants. Government should be viewed as George Washington did as  "a
fearful servant and a dangerous master".
A recent poll conducted by the Americans Talk Issue Foundation said 76%
of the people questioned responded that they rarely or never trust
"government to do what is right". This mistrust is well founded.  At the
same time as administration sources were saying that key escrow schemes
would remain voluntary, FBI, NSA, and DOJ experts were saying that the
schemes must be made mandatory if they were to be at all effective. If
the government is willing to lie to establish a key escrow key system,
what makes us believe that the government will not lie when applying for
warrants to use that system?
6) It is too humiliating to require a free people to participate in the
establishment of their own surveillance prisons. This is  what key
escrow requires. Consider the words of our revolutionary heritage:
Do you think that these men would approve the government's key escrow
This information can also be found at the following url:

@_date: 1995-09-08 05:50:40
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Cypher Rant II: Why Private Cryptography should not be regulated. 
CypherRant V2: Reasons why private cryptography should not be regulated.
Paul Elliott is solely responsible for this document.
Please distribute widely.
FBI director Freeh has been going around pushing his stupid plans
for cryptography regulation. Usually, these plans take the form of
some kind of mandatory key escrow. Mandatory key escrow schemes
are requirements that encryption keys be given to government agencies
with the promise that the keys will not be used without a warrant.
Now let me give some reasons why Freeh's requests should be ignored.
1) It is unconstitutional!
                of speech and the cryptography regulations try to regulate
                this speech to a form the government understands.
                Congress shall make  NO LAW ....or abridging the
                government ITAR regulations admit this. Therefore
                cryptography is protected by Second amendment.
                give congress the power to tell us what computer
                software we can run on our computers. Therefore
                that power remains with us, and we should be able
                to run whatever cryptography software we want the                 displeasure of congress not withstanding.
Since all Senators and Congressmen take an oath to preserve and defend
the constitution of the U.S., this should be the end of the argument.
However, watching some of the stupid laws that have come out of congress
in past years, tells me I should supplement the above with additional
I am not a lawyer and I am not trying to be one. I have no opinion as to
whether private cryptography regulations will be found unconstitutional.
There are a number of cases where out courts have made decisions which
do great violence to the plain meaning of the text of our constitution.
Knowing what the courts will actually do is the business of lawyers.
Understanding the constitution so that one may know what the courts should do should be the business of every citizen.
2) The excellent NRA argument "when guns are outlawed only outlaws
will have guns" applies with equal force to cryptography! Professional
criminals will circumvent with ease any government regulations on
cryptography. Billions of bytes travel the internet yearly. The techniques
of steganography make it absolutely trivial for any motivated person to conceal any encrypted messages. The Big Brother cryptography regulations
will affect only ordinary citizens.
3) Cryptography is already in use by legitimate business. Any government
regulation of cryptography will probably cost huge amounts of money for
software and hardware costs for existing systems to be changed to a form
that the government approves. The existing ITAR regulations probably
cost the U.S. economy large amounts of money because U.S. companies can
not market cryptography software internationally. For information, see: By discouraging private cryptography, the ITAR regulations probably
enables a large amount of computer crime since it makes it difficult for
people to protect themselves. The ITAR regulations have not and can not
prevented strong cryptography from making it outside  the U.S. How many
tons of cocaine illegally enter the U.S. every year? Yet the government
ITAR regulations propose to regulate the export of software that can fit
in a shirt pocket, or travel by wire concealed with  billions of bytes
of data that leave the U.S. every year. It is time for the U.S.
government to start living in the real world!
According to an article in the August 17, 1995 Wall Street Journal, ITAR
regulations have required Netscape to use inferior encryption methods in
the international version of its World Wide WeB browser software. This
inferior encryption method has actually been broken by a French Hacker!
Because of its computational intensity, this weakness in the encryption
method does not represent an immediate danger. However as more powerful
computers continue to develop, this and similar vulnerabilities will
present a danger for those who wish to use the internet for commerce.
For more information, see:
4) These regulations make it impossible for an individual to have
greater privacy than the U.S. government. The Adlrich Ames case makes it
clear that the U.S. is incompetent to keep a secret. 5) The proposed regulations require the American people trust the
government, but on the contrary, the government should be required to
trust the American people. Recent news stories (Waco ect.) make  it
clear that it is common for government agents to lie to get a search warrants. Government should be viewed as George Washington did as  "a
fearful servant and a dangerous master".
A recent poll conducted by the Americans Talk Issue Foundation said 76%
of the people questioned responded that they rarely or never trust
"government to do what is right". This mistrust is well founded.  At the
same time as administration sources were saying that key escrow schemes
would remain voluntary, FBI, NSA, and DOJ experts were saying that the
schemes must be made mandatory if they were to be at all effective. If
the government is willing to lie to establish a key escrow key system,
what makes us believe that the government will not lie when applying for
warrants to use that system? For more information on this, see:
If any key escrow system is adopted, the secret FISA court will
undoubtedly be given the power to issue  warrants for decryption keys.
The FISA court has granted over  7,500 wiretap requests in complete
secrecy with only one refusal. The secrecy of this court creates a great
opportunity for abuse. If the court is lied to, the lie is not exposed,
because the people with an interest in exposing the lie do not know the
lie exists. If the court grants legally unwarranted warrants, there is
no one to appeal or to try to stop the practice, because no one knows
about the problem. For information, see:
6) It is too humiliating to require a free people to participate in the
establishment of their own surveillance prisons. This is  what key
escrow requires. Consider the words of our revolutionary heritage:
Do you think that these men would approve the government's key escrow
This information can also be found at the following url:

@_date: 1995-12-21 14:08:38
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: GAK boycott, What are legal implications? 
Here is a question for all of you cyber legal types out there.
This question presupposes: The NIST will complete its work on the GAK standard. But no law will be
passed (yet) regulating the use of encryption in the U. S. (The GAK standard is an attempt to create an environment in which such laws can be passed.) In the U.S., Big Company INC will start marketing a GAKed encryption product domesticly.
A bunch of cypherpunkish types will immediately try to organize a boycott
against BIG COMPANY.
What are the cypherpunks legal risks?
I seem to remember that back in the 70s, the NAACP lost a big case
with respect to their boycott in a southern city. As I recall there were people
in the street begging money for the NAACP because there was a > 10**6 $
judgement against the NAACP and they needed that much just to appeal.

@_date: 1996-01-25 14:10:56
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Hack Lotus? 
I have no doubt that enterprising hackers will be able to hack
the international version of lotus Notes to make it as secure
as the domestic version. It is probably just a matter of NOPing
some code.
The real problem is the 64 bit key in the domestic version. This
conforms to the NIST "standard" for an exportable system. In other
words to allow the international people to have almost non-existant
40 bit security, they have limited domestic users to 64 bit secuity.
The 64 bits keys must be breakable at least in some sense or the limitation
would not be in the NIST "standard".
The 64 bit keys are probably allocated in structures and stack allocations,
so the hacking past the 64 bit limitation will probably be extremely difficult
and error prone! (To increase the size of data in a structure or data on the
stack means moving all the data beond it. This means increasing the memory
allocated and changing all references to data beond the data whose size is increased.) To do this in a patch, may be difficult.
In any case, I do not trust the code any large company if I do not have
the source code. Big companies are too subject to presure. What we really
need is a hack to completely substitute our own external code such as PGP!

@_date: 1996-03-22 04:23:19
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Electronic Frontiers Houston Cyber-Political Questionaire. 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Electronic Frontiers Houston
2476 Bolsover, Suite 145
Houston, Texas  77005
(713) 917-5000 voice // (713) 917-5005 fax
Internet: efh
Web site: Contact:  Robbie Westmorland
Electronic Frontiers Houston Cyber-Political Questionnaire.
Electronic Frontiers Houston has sent all candidates
(who survived the recent primaries), a questionnaire relating
to the politics of cyberspace.
Recently, many questions have arisen relating to the politics
of computer networking. These questions often relate to censorship,
encryption, or public access to networks. It is important that
the public know the candidates' views on these important issues.
All candidates will be asked the following questions:
If you or your campaign have an Internet electronic mail address, please provide it here:
Please answer the questions on the reverse side.  Attach additional pages if required.
1. Do you think that electronic publishing should enjoy the constitutional
protections that accrue to print media?
2. Do you think that electronic publishing should enjoy the constitutional
protections that accrue to broadcast media?
3. Do you think that electronic publishing should enjoy the constitutional protections that accrue to libraries?
4. Do you favor new laws to regulate the content of electronic media?
5. Do you think that the First Amendment rights of free speech protect private use of encryption?
6. Do you favor laws to regulate the private use of encryption?
7. Do you agree with restrictions on the export of technology that incorporates cryptography?
9. Do you support the right of a private individual too publish printed materials anonymously?
10. Should the government play a role in providing access to computer 11. Do you think that the government should guarantee universal access to computer networks?
12. Do you think that access to government computerized information is a right?
13. Should all governmental records that are available to the public be made available via computer resources?
14. Should access to computerized governmental records be free?
15. Should the government regulate electronic financial transactions and require traceability?
16. Do you approve or disapprove of the wiretap provisions in the 1994 Digital Telephony bill?
17. Do you favor expanding law enforcement access to telephonic In addition, candidates for national office will be asked the
following additional question:
18. Do you favor legislation which would require a national ID card?
Candidates for state office will be asked the following question:
18. Should laws requiring fingerprints to acquire/renew drivers licences be repealed?
Electronic Frontiers Houston is a non-profit group that supports civil liberties and the development of culture in cyberspace.

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:01:55
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
Yes, but this will alert the principal not to use that key
for future communications. One of the things that the Leahy
bill  provides for is getting of keys without any of the principals
knowing about it. This idea of escrowing encrypted, essentially
frustrates that provision of the Leahy Bill.
All this talk of voluntary key escrow is essentially fatuous.
If Key escrow is truly voluntary then there is nothing to prevent
the person escrowing from doing all of the following:
1) Not labelling the key escrow file as a key escrow file, so
that the escrow agent does not know that he is an key escrow
agent. The escrow agent can be told that he is a data storage
agent -- which in fact he is.
2) Encrypting the keys before handing to the escrow agent,
and only giving the decryption keys to those who are authorized
to break the escrow.
3) Insuring that the escrow agent and those who are authorized
to break the escrow are outside the jurisdiction of any court.
4) Using the crypto technique of secret splitting to split the secret
of the key among multiple escrow agents in difficult to subpoena

@_date: 1996-03-31 14:45:00
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: MUSE (Mail Ubiquitous Security Extensions) discussion starting 
One obvious problem with this is that since sendmail runs
at all times of day or night and since sendmail must have
the decryption keys, this means that the decryption keys may
be in the memory of a computer that may be unattended.
This scheme may be useful for its convenience, but many
users will only be willing to turst the computer with their keys
while there messages are actually being decrypted in their
Thus, many users will want to super encrypt with their own
personal keys.
Thus I believe that the above scheme should be implemented
for mail security between sites, but it should not be viewed
as a total solution.

@_date: 1996-05-21 01:12:52
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: PGP MIME INTERNET DRAFT considered harmful. 
Summary: The PGP MIME INTERNET DRAFT, draft-elkins-pem-pgp-03.txt,
contains a design error with respect to signatures on binary data.
This error results from the failure to recognize the distinction between
those features of MIME which are necessary to represent complex data and
those features of MIME that are used to transport the data.
The design error will result in the following negative results if
PGP-MIME is widely used with binary data.
(1) Huge unnecessary inefficiency whenever binary data is sent signed
and encrypted.
(2) The signatures on PGP MIMEd objects can not be extracted from a MIME
context and used where MIME programs are not available.
(3) Many users will rightly refuse to sign the entities the PGP-MIME
draft envisions. This reduces the utility of PGP-MIME.
(4) If users do sign these files, they will be signing data for which
there are no commonly available inspection tools. This will eventually
result in a security breach.

@_date: 1996-05-28 17:34:32
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: PGP MIME INTERNET DRAFT considered harmful. 
Summary: The PGP MIME INTERNET DRAFT, draft-elkins-pem-pgp-03.txt,
contains a design error with respect to signatures on binary data.
This error results from the failure to recognize the distinction between
those features of MIME which are necessary to represent complex data and
those features of MIME that are used to transport the data.
The design error will result in the following negative results if
PGP-MIME is widely used with binary data.
(1) Huge unnecessary inefficiency whenever binary data is sent signed
and encrypted.
(2) The signatures on PGP MIMEd objects can not be extracted from a MIME
context and used where MIME programs are not available.
(3) Many users will rightly refuse to sign the entities the PGP-MIME
draft envisions. This reduces the utility of PGP-MIME.
(4) If users do sign these files, they will be signing data for which
there are no commonly available inspection tools. This will eventually
result in a security breach.

@_date: 1996-05-23 15:02:01
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: PGP MIME INTERNET DRAFT considered harmful. 
I as you should know, I have never said that base64 should never be used.
I merely say that signatures should be taken over the original binary data.
Base64 can be used for transport as needed, but it should be a convention
that the any base64 is removed before signatures are checked.
Using this convention, it is easy to see that the node that strips encryption
could add base64 without invalidating the signature, because of the
convention that the base64 so added will be removed before the signature
is checked on the original binary data.
It should allow users to use it in such a fashion! PGP MIME should
respect the wishes of the users! Software should not view users
as tools to accomplish some goal predetermined by developers, but it
should rather make it easy for the user to accomplish what the user
wants! This attitude of service causes software to be in harmony with
market forces and leads to success! (Market forces apply to freware/guiltware/
copylefted/public domain software as well as software for sale or licence.)
By existing in a context of service, PGP MIME can make encryption
easy to use and become widespread. By doing so, it can entrench
the widespread use of encryption, making it politicly impossible to
regulate it! Thus, it can confound the evil plans of those dark forces
that seek to enslave us all!
As my examples show, some users may have legitimate reasons for
wishing to attach a generally useful PGP signature to a MIME message.
Not all users are technically sophisticated, it would be nice if PGP_MIME
could accommodate such wishes.
Digital signatures are an unrevokable record of what a person believes
and attests to at a given time. Belief is an attribute of persons, that
is not subject to command, certainly not by a piece of software.
PGP MIME should allow users to sign those documents the user wishes
to sign, faithfully transmitting those signatures to the receiver. It should not dictate that a user will sign an unintelligible artifact of a data transmission system.
You are ignoring an already exiting binary transport, that exists right now.
Namely, PGP provides a BINARY datapath for its plaintext!
In the future, other binary transports will become more common.
7 bit datapaths will become less common.
Pressure will build for PGP MIME to support binary datapaths.
PGP MIME will have to go through a complicated migration path
to phase in this transition. All this complexity can be avoided by
doing the right thing now.
Make the method of representing the data for signatures independent
of the representation of the data for transport!
It might take some effort for PGP-MIME annalists and developers now.
But that effort, will be more than repaid by saving people the hassle
of having to clean up an intolerable mess later!
I do not see exactly how this should be done for multipart messages
in detail right now. That is why I have not made a specific proposal.
But I do see that it should be possible to come up with such a representation.
That is why I say that the draft should be withdrawn and sent back
for further study.
The typical user does not necessarily know the difference between
a .gif and a .jpg file. He only knows he wants to send this pretty picture
on the screen.
Users should have a policy of only attesting to statements by digital
signature, that they know _of their own personal knowledge_ is true.
Any other policy is to court disaster.
If Malley ( the active message hacker ) hacks the content-type
MIME line, all that will happen is that the message to be sent
to the .gif viewer rather than the .jpg viewer, causing the message
to be lost. But Malley already had the ability to loose the message,
after all, he hacked it didn't he? In general, the content type line
should not be signed.
If some technically advanced user wants to sign the content-type
line, his wishes should be accommodated. But it should not be made
a requirement that technically unsophisticated users attest to things
they have no hope of understanding!
I have gotten the impression that you guys have stopped listening.
Everyone seems hell-bent on standardizing this inferior system that
will lockin a poor design. I hoped that by appealing to a larger
audience I could get more articulate and respected people to
persuade you to rethink. Perhaps some of the cypherpunks can
say something that will provoke an attack of sanity that will
stop this inexorable march toward a bad standard.
In the specific case I mentioned, (signed & encrypted) it is not necessary
for transport. It is only necessary for transport under your mis-designed
system whereby signatures must be taken over entities designed for

@_date: 1996-05-24 16:33:42
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Transfer encoding indpendant signatures. Was (considered harmful.) 
OK, it's not PGP MIME's department. Still, I hope that someone will
develop a spec for doing the other, because as my examples show,
some users may need that ability. If specs & software for easy of
use with PGP & mail and widely available, it will tend to entrench
the use of PGP and encryption.
The problem is that the transision will occur gradually.
At what point do you tell one class of users that they
are out of luck, in order to better serve another kind of
user? Ten percent? Five percent? One percent? A tenth of a percent?
They will scream bloody murder.
What if you want to send signed mail to a mailing list that includes
users of both kinds of users. Your message will go to a
large number of people, so there is reason for efficiency. Do
you want to send two kinds of messages to users depending
on what kind of transfer they have available?
It is time to invent  transfer-encoding-independant signatures!
We are assuming that the user trusts the pgp-mime software
to specify what will be signed, so that my previous objection
to signing arbitary objects has been ruled out of order.
We want to invent a method of "signing" a complex mime object
that will detect any modification of the information the user is trying
to convey, but will allows us to change the transfer encoding
of a body part without invalidating the "signature".
What we need is a computable map M from the class of mime
objects to a class of "binary signature objects". (Which are basicly
streams of bytes which can be fed into PGP to generate or check a signature). ( Don't tell me there is this wierd machine that can not
represent a stream of bytes. PGP assumes that many of its files
are streams of bytes, so that such a machine can not run PGP
to generate or check a signatures and everything with respect
to signatures becomes mute.)
      CLASS OF
      MIME OBJECTS    ======= M ========> BINARY SIGNATURE
                                                    OBJECTS.
M should have the following properties:
 1) Any change in the "message" that the user wants to convey
       will change the object that it maps to under M.
 2) We can change the way a body part is transfer-encoded without
       changing the signature object it maps to under M.
Note: These binary signature objects are not going to be used to
transfer data. They are not going to be used to display information.
They are only going to be used to generate and check signatures.
Given such an M, is is possible to define a method of signing
a MIME object, that will detect any change to the "message",
but not invalidate the signature when changing how a body
part is transfer encoded.
To generate a signature, apply M and generate a PGP binary signature
on the result. To check a signature, apply M and PGP signature
check the result. It should work.
Is it possible to define such a map M? I think so, but I am not
100% certain on the details. Something approximately similar to
the following should work:
Go thru the object copying header lines as a stream of ascii bytes,
seperated UNIX style with linefeeds. Except, do not copy the transfer-encoding
lines or the delimiter fields. Or any other field that only serves to tell how
the object is transfer encoded. Convert the body parts themselves to
a stream of bytes as specified by the transfer-encoding field and
included in the outgoing stream. For text encoding, trailing white
space could be handled as per the draft. Other text canonicalization
as PGP does it. I believe that this method has the two properties mentioned above. Perhaps it needs to be somewhat modified.
I am sure that such a map M can be defined if smart people think about it.

@_date: 1996-07-11 15:36:41
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Can the inevitability of Software privacy be used to defeat the ITAR? 
All software companies who sell (really licence) software
must deal with the inevitability of software piracy. It
is a brute fact that any usefully product sold in the U.S.
will eventually appear as an unauthorized copy for sale
abroad. This fact must be recognized in the software companies'
business plan.
The question occurs to me "why can not this fact be used to
defeat the ITAR?"
What is to prevent a U.S company to licence a foreign company
to sublicence and distribute a Crypto product abroad, if that
foreign company obtains that product on the pirate market?
I am not a lawyer, but I look at the definition of "export"
on page 612 of Applied Cryptography and nothing seems to
obviously apply.
The scenario I imagine is this: U.S. company produces a crypto
product. To be generally useful, the product supports all languages.
(Those CDROMs really do hold a lot of data.)
After all, Americans do need to do business with foreigners.
The company licences and distributes the product in the U.S.
taking special care not to distribute the product to any foreign persons.
When inevitability, the product appears in the pirate market outside
the U.S., the company makes a contract with a foreign company allowing it to distribute it and sublicence it. The foreign company can get their copy from the pirate market, being authorized to get the copy by the U.S. company. When this deal is cut copies
have already been exported and are already being sold by the
pirates, against the will of the U.S. company.
In this scenario, the U.S. company had done everything
it possibly could to prevent the illegal export of its product. But
when its efforts have inevitably failed, it makes money by When I look at the definition of Export on page 612 of applied
cryptography, I see one clause that defines transferring registration
as export, but only for aircraft, vessels and satellites.
OK, cypherpunk legal types, there has got to be something wrong
with this idea. There are a lot of smart people in the world,
so if this idea was good, somebody else would have thought of
it before now! But what is specifically is wrong with it?
I want to be educated!

@_date: 1996-09-25 18:09:37
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: ISPs' information on users 
Lets get some of the cypherpunk legal types to comment on the
following idea which is probably completely wrong:
It is probably illegal for the ISP to keep such records in the first
When I open a link to a remote WEB page or use FTP to retrieve
a remote file, the software on my computer first forms a network
connection between a program on my local computer and a remote
"server" program at the remote site. The ISP provides hardware and software "in the middle" that allows
this connection to take place. After this connection is established,
the connection itself is used to negotiate the precise data I want (i.e.
the filename in the case of FTP or the non-site portion of the URL in
the case of the WEB). In order for the ISP to keep records of my browsing, it would have to snoop on this connection. But the connection
is an electronic communication within the meaning of the Electronic
communications privacy act (ECPA). Thus it is not legal for the ISP
to keep such information. Thus the ISP can not report on the
browsing habits and net surfing habits of its user base by complying
with the law and never keeping the records in the first place. Perhaps
the above does not apply to the site name of the connections.
OK, cypherpunk legal types, tell me if I got the above wrong?

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:31:59
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: How might new GAK be enforced? 
If the evil Clinton administration has not made GAK illegal, it is
simply because it does not think it has the votes in congress right
now to get such legislation passed. It is probably hoping that
some outrage ( perhaps engineered ) will change this.
Thus, we have a race between those who want to get strong
unescrowed crypto so entrenched that it can not be changed and
the Clinton administration which is waiting for a change in legislative
The Clinton administration hopes to use ITAR's market pressure
to slow things down long enough for victory.
But how is ITAR to be enforced, in the absence of a new law?
As has been pointed out on this list, the inevitability of software
privacy and sub-licensing provides a loophole that would allow
US companies to evade the ITAR as a _LEGAL_ inhibition.
The big companies have smart lawyers, so why is not this loophole
being used to evade the ITAR?
The obvious answer is that extra-legal pressure can be brought to
bear on a big company. Things like threats of IRS audits and other
harassment, probably act as the big breaks. Probably such pressure
in combination with foreign governments has prevented big
foreign companies to withhold strong crypo as well.
So, if big companies are subject to governmental pressure, why
would we want their crypto? Most big companies do not release
their source-code with their crypto products. The big companies
could have been presured, ITAR or no, to put crypto holes in their
products. Big companies simply are not trustable for purposes of
crypto. Bear in mind that a sabotaged crypto product can be made
to inter-operate with a strong crypto product, by simply having
the sabotaged crypto product always choose its keys from a covertly
restricted keyspace! Thus an product made to a open strong-crypto standard does not address the trust problem.
Cypherpunks should not be asking big companies to write crypto
products, but rather should be asking for crypto-with-a-hole.
This would allow us to check the software for cracks and PGP
or something like it could become the world crypto standard.
Perhaps if the hole were made general enough, it could also
be used to evade the ITAR. A software product could support
generalized filtering with other uses besides crypto. After all,
they have not embargoed C compilers and compilers can be used to implement crypto. (I do not know, I am not a lawyer.)
Any how, conclusion is that cypherpunks should not be asking
big companies to implement crypto, but rather look for easy ways
users can implement crypto "on top of" commercial software products.
Therefore we should boycott and disparage any commercial products
that voluntarily implement GAK.

@_date: 1997-01-12 17:31:46
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: STUMP 
Not too long ago, I attempted to post a PGP signed
message to a STUMP moderated newsgroup. Even though
the moderators approved my post, it never arrived
because of sme technical problem with PGP and STUMP.
The people running the newsgroup never could figure
out what went wrong, and my post never made it
in spite of the best efforts of those running the newsgroup.
I advise caution with STUMP.

@_date: 1997-01-19 16:45:02
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: Numbers we cannot talk about 
Perhaps the axioms in set theory that tells us that the integers
have an uncountable number of subsets is, in point of fact, false.
Perhaps only those subsets of the integers that can be described
by an algorithm exist (actually, contrary to what the usual axioms of
set theory assert).
We know that the set of axioms which tell us that there are unaccountably
many reals can be satisfied by a countable model!
(Downward Louwenheim Skolem Tarski theorem.)
I know that Standard mathematical axioms yields lots of interesting
results, but when it talks of the infinite and we are dealing
with a practical subject like cryptography or even physics it
should not be taken too seriously. (With respect to uncountable sets.)

@_date: 1997-01-20 01:46:25
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: Numbers we cannot talk about 
Well, yes, but a scientist can only make a finite number of measurements.
A computer used for crypto can only have a finite number of states.
All this talk about transfinite numbers does not have any effect
on arithemetic truths.
What good is an axiom system which asserts (internally) that there
are uncountably many reals if that same axiom system has a countable

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:12:07
@_author: Paul Elliott 
@_subject: Re: Numbers we cannot talk about 
Well, yes, but a scientist can only make a finite number of measurements.
A computer used for crypto can only have a finite number of states.
All this talk about transfinite numbers does not have any effect
on arithemetic truths.
What good is an axiom system which asserts (internally) that there
are uncountably many reals if that same axiom system has a countable
