
@_date: 1996-03-19 23:57:55
@_author: "Michael Peponis" 
@_subject: RE: Yeo, Pea-brained Imbecile 
The Economist, 16 March 1996, pp. 42-43.
Asia and the Internet: Not too modern, please
Here is my two cents on the whole subject of countries wanting to recieve the technical and economic benifits of the internet, but reject groups they have moral or ethical problems with.
Like myself, there are a number of subscribers on this list that maintain sites, archives, or have public domain software.
Given the plethera of reports like this, I will start maintaining a list of country that will not be given access to my site, no FTP, no HTTP, no nothing,
on top of that, I will hard code into all the new versions of my network aware
 programs to check  for a domain subfix, if it is on of the black
 list, the software will not  function.
Thus until policies I find offencive are not changed, everything I create will not be acceptable or functional within those regions.
I am only one person, but if this practice becomes common place, those countries will find that their access is limited to their own limited world view, and can only obtain goods and services that they create themselves.
They want isolation, let them enjoy the full benifits of that decision.
One thing I would like to see happen rather quickly is to eliminate thier access to usenet, or other areas of common knowledge.
It seems they want the benifits of the technical expertise of the western "morally defuct" experts, but not the opinions of those ares.  Well it's an all or nothing deal.
Filtering works both ways, they filter out the political and sex groups on their end, we filter out the technical information on ours, I hope they enjoy what is left, which is not much.
Michael Peponis
PGP Key Avalible from MIT Key Server

@_date: 1996-03-27 14:46:35
@_author: "Michael C. Peponis" 
@_subject: Re: Let's *NOT* "Raise their Awareness" 
The judge is correct in this matter, most people view it from the rights of the parents, but what about the child who, because of his/her parents egotism and ignorance, grows up not being able to compete effectivly?
My rights, even parental rights, end when their exersize directly impact someone else(the child) in a negative way.
Michael Peponis
PGP Key Available for MIT KeyServer

@_date: 1996-04-09 06:46:20
@_author: "Michael C. Peponis" 
@_subject: Re: They're running scared. 
[article snipped]
Absolutly, and it seems that more and more thinking people are realizing this, as for the non-thinking ones, well we are better off without them, the only thing they contribute are problems
Debate works to a point, but there comes a point and time where all that can be said, has been said, and we are past that point.
Personally, I love national insecurity such as terrorist attacks and random bombings, wish there were more of them by more people.
What they do is sow fear, instensify camps, and pit people against each other.  Goverments are use to wars, where there are large, well-defined groups assult one another, they have huge problems dealing with small groups of people attack it or each other.  That is what will eventually cause it to collapes, which is a good thing.
For those who say that such an event would be catostrophic, that is a myth, I worked with someone from Berut a few years ago, when the goverment there collapesed.  He said other than the perpetual mortor fire, and speratic bombings, life went on as usuall.  People got up and went to work, people bought and sold, etc.  From a microsopic scale, nothing had changed, it was only if you looked at the bigger picture that things were different, and quite frankly, those types of things do not effect us individually.
I do not need an x trillion dollar economy to continue living at my standard of living, most of us on this list do not, the only people that benifit are the power brokers and the dumb, weak, and stupid.
I have nothing against charity(that's what taxes amount to), but when charity reaches 50%+  of my income, and starts to erode my freedom, well now it's
a problem.
Michael Peponis
PGP Key Available from MIT KeyServer
