
@_date: 1995-11-30 07:16:21
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: "Proprietary" internetworking protocols (was RE: The future will be easy to use ) 
much other discussion ommitted...
I hate to quibble, but past experience may demonstrate this
to be inaccurate.  In particular, and most relevantly:
Another internetworking protocol (IPX) gave Novell a good run.
The point is that a working implementation goes a long way for
people who want/need _something_ that works, NOW. Consider the
relative merits/success of S-HTTP and SSL.
ObCrypto: the POTP people are the Boston Internet Expo today and
tomorrow, and they have their "technical guy" who is supposed
to be answering questions. The nontechnical guy said they generate
random numbers using randomness taken from the text of the messages
being encrypted.
_Electronic Commerce_ (Charles River Media, available now)

@_date: 1995-11-30 12:04:30
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: ecash lottery (Was: ecash casino) 
[details deleted]
Traditional illegal numbers rackets usually use some
publicly available number so everyone knows it's all
on the up and up (I used to know what the source for
the winning numbers actually _is_, though I think it
has something to do with the stock market, e.g., the
last three digits of the number of oddlot trades, or
something else that is usually essentially random.
In any case, using such a "public" and daily number
eliminates the problem of proving the game isn't fixed.
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1995-12-01 00:38:16
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: "Proprietary" internetworking protocols (was RE: The future will be  easy to use ) 
Oops, sorry about the unfortunate juxtaposition of POTP with the SKIP thread. I didn't mean to imply anything more about POTP
than that they were around in Boston in case anyone wanted
to talk to them.
My comments about "proprietary" internetworking protocols
related to discussion of Sun's SKIP, not at all to POTP, whose
protocol hasn't been published and won't be published if they
don't get their patent.
I was simply observing that Perry's comment:
"...an internetworking protocol [e.g. SKIP] used by only one vendor gets nowhere."
is not necessarily true, and pointed to SSL and NFS as

@_date: 1995-12-01 01:46:35
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: "Proprietary" internetworking protocols (was RE: The future will be easy to use ) 
Neither was SSL, for that matter.  But it seems like every vendor
who's written an S-HTTP browser/server is adding SSL for version 1.1.
None, of course, just as rsh doesn't help me connect to a telnet server. My comment wasn't on the wisdom of SKIP, but rather on the specific statement Perry made about single vendors being able to drive certain protocols on their own (e.g., SSL and others).
More interesting from the historical view (but lacking in crypto significance so I'll refrain from further posting on the topic) is the question of what other protocols have been put forth by single vendors and gained major market share.

@_date: 1995-12-01 23:02:09
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
The original IPO was for 5 million shares. The vast
majority of the stock is not on the market yet. It's
owned/controlled by Clark et al, and presumably a
healthy share for the VC's (though I have no knowledge
of their participation).
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1995-12-04 10:20:45
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: GAK_hit 
What does that mean? I interpret it to mean only
that Netscape is being asked to testify _against_
MS. I've been using Win95 along with at least half
a dozen different browsers (including about the same
number of different Netscape versions), and never had any compatibility problems switching.
Most recently I was running IBM Explorer 2.0 until the
other day when I "upgraded" to the latest beta of
Navigator--at which point Explorer stopped being
my default browser. Navigator never asked if I wanted
to make it the default, but now all my .htm and .html
files have that Navigator look. As soon as this project
is done, I'm switching back to Explorer, thank you.
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1995-12-05 20:01:51
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: Secret Clearance (was: re: NIST GAK export meeting, sv) 
I'm definitely opposed to GAK, but the conspiracy theory approach to
considering what it means to employ people with SECRET clearance
may be getting a bit paranoid.
From working organization that did a lot of government work,
my understanding of the process of clearing employees is this:
-certain tasks require knowledge or access that must be restricted
-you have to have a high degree of trust in the people doing those tasks
-people with money troubles, out-of-control addictions, skeletons in the
 closet, and histories of "troubles" are prime targets for subversion
-doing a clearance check (in theory) eliminates the possibility that
 these people will be blackmailed/bribed into revealing their secrets
Not that this stuff always works in practice, considering that Aldrich
Ames was an alcoholic with money troubles who then turned up with a lavish lifestyle, and no one he worked with noticed until it was
pretty much too late.
The point is, if you want to keep your organization's systems secure,
you need some mechanism to do so. Security clearance is one way;
banks and other financial institutions do other things (like finger prints,
background checks, etc.)
My big question is, do any of the companies providing Internet services,
or Internet software, or digital commerce services/software, employ
any of these security mechanisms on their employees? Comments or
(preferably) references to actual practices?
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1995-12-06 12:46:54
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: Inherent Insecurity of Internet Commerce! (was RE: Secret Clearance) 
OK, I'll try again. First, as I recall, SECRET clearance is actually not very high: when I got it, I had to answer a bunch of questions (do you abuse illegal drugs? are you now or have you ever been a member of any organizations? have you ever been _arrested_ for anything?) and fill out some forms and get fingerprinted. They probably did a credit check, and that was about it. Nobody I knew got any calls asking about my habits (that is reserved for higher clearances).
So now I'll rename the thread again: "Inherent Insecurity of Internet Commerce" -- maybe now the NYT will feature me on the front page for "discovering" this
inherent flaw in the Internet.
My purpose in renaming the thread in the first place was to start another thread relating to the types of security in places like, say, Netscape or Spyglass or CyberCash or First Virtual or Interramp or any other ISP or software company. Because I want to know how susceptible these companies are to hiring the wrong people.
So, here's the "bug": if some agency of crime/espionage wants to subvert any of these systems, all they need do is employ the same blackmail/bribe techniques used to recruit actual spies on some employees of these companies. They then slip in some hacked versions of the software with the good ones, or modify distribution servers, or slip code into servers that forwards every tenth credit card number somewhere.
Or how about getting a janitor to plug a wireless tap into one of the major Internet backbones to sniff for cc as well as interesting e-mail?
Also, since there's enough noise here already (and even I don't see that much crypto-relevance) I won't post again on this topic, but I am very interested in hearing concrete examples of how Internet companies are protecting themselves, and also in hearing about specific instances of security failing (e.g., has anyone ever found a tap on a backbone?)
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1996-01-11 03:02:59
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: Net Control is Thought Control 
Magazines and TV (and books, newspapers, movies etc.) are _NOT_
regulated, at least not as to content.  These media are all
pretty much self-regulated.  The judgement of whether to print
the f-word in a newspaper is made by the editors and/or the
publishers--not the government.  The same goes for how much flesh
gets displayed on a television show, or in a movie, or on the cover of a magazine.
It is true that the TV and movie industry have subjected
themselves to self-censorship and "guidelines" to avoid having
the government step in and do it for them, however.  It may be
that this individual was speaking in favor of having the Internet
community police itself--which may mean he's in favor of an
updated Hayes board of censors (the folks who felt that, during
the 40's it was obscene to indicate that ANYONE, particularly
married people, slept in the same bed together, with the result
that bedroom scenes always had the couple sleeping in their own
individual single beds).
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1996-01-11 03:14:05
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: Re: Book on Electronic Commerce 
For the sake of completeness, I'll mention my book, too:
_Electronic Commerce: On-Line Ordering and Digital Money_
1995, 282 pages, $35.95 (includes CD ROM)
Charles River Media, Inc.
1 800 382-8505
ISBN # 1-886801-08-8
Excerpts (preface, Chapter 3, part of Chapter 6) are available at:
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1996-01-25 06:50:16
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: Crippled Notes export encryption 
I've heard that India is the place to be for software
development these days (top talent for 10% the price of
Americans, or some such).  I've also heard that, for
example, CyberCash has a development office there.
-Pete Loshin

@_date: 1996-01-31 09:13:00
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: No FV supporters? 
Nathaniel seems to be defending his cause sufficiently well, and graciously answering the abuse.  Some of the abusers are showing a fairly comprehensive lack of knowledge of the FV system.
I would venture to say that FV has no more profit motivation
than, say, Netscape--or how about Open Market?  They who
gleefully opened a "Here are the secure servers that haven't been hacked" page some time ago.  That was pretty self-
serving, wasn't it?
Nor would I consider the FV brouhaha much more obvious
than, say, the front page announcements about "NFS and RPC considered dangerous" that hit the big papers last year.
The weaknesses of those protocols for internetworking have
long been known to those working with TCP/IP.
Now, clearly there are lots of opinions on FV's system, but
if people like Sameer and Rich Salz (e.g., who have reputations
as knowledgeable and aware) are going to trash FV it
would mean a lot more to many readers if they could state
more specifically what it is about FV that doesn't work (or that
doesn't work as well as, say, SSL or CyberCash or Open Market's approaches).
As for the Weld Pond/et al graphical clicking approaches,
they may work and they may defend against some attacks, but I won't use it (too much clicking around, too likely to make mistakes) and neither will anyone without a GUI.
My $0.02.
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1996-01-22 21:23:30
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: FW: Veriphone and Netscape Team to Provide Internet Payment Solutions 
Here's the Netscape press release on their Verifone collaboration;
note that they explain nothing about 128 bits or 1024 bits--but Netscape
now appears to claim to be the sole developers of SEPP.
It looks like Verifone will be building their approval/verification mechanism
into a Netscape product, and selling it themselves.
I've removed contact info and the source at Netscape (in their PR
dept), just to avoid unnecessarily nettling anyone.  Presumably Netscape shouldn't be able to complain about it getting passed around
since it will likely be the basis of reports in various trade/news rags by
next week anyway.  Enjoy.
-Pete Loshin
 pete
COPITHORNE & BELLOWS (for VeriFone)
[contact info deleted]
VERIFONE, INC.
[contact info deleted]
[contact info deleted]
VeriFone and Netscape Team To Provide Internet Payment Solutions Worldwide
Leaders To Accelerate Commerce on the Internet
REDWOOD CITY, Calif. - January 22, 1996 - VeriFone, Inc. (NYSE: VFI),  and
Netscape Communications Corporation (NASDAQ: NSCP) today announced an
agreement to create comprehensive Internet payment solutions, enabling
merchants, banks, credit card companies and consumers to expand the use of
the Internet for electronic commerce.
The agreement between VeriFone, the world leader in retail electronic
payment systems, and Netscape, the premier provider of open software for
linking people and information over enterprise networks and the Internet,
is designed to accelerate acceptance of the Internet as a mainstream
vehicle for commerce.
Under terms of the agreement, the two companies will join forces to address
the transaction processing needs of both financial institutions and
merchants. For financial institutions, Netscape's gateway software and
VeriFone's payment technology will be combined to create a seamless
interface between the Internet and existing financial networks.  VeriFone
will also provide customization, installation and support services for
these customers.
To serve merchants, VeriFone will resell Netscape's server and commerce
products bundled with VeriFone payment functionality to deliver complete
software solutions for merchants who want to broaden their reach by
establishing a commercial presence on the Internet. VeriFone will provide
merchants with these solutions through its existing customers and channels.
Netscape and VeriFone create a combination that is uniquely qualified to
fulfill the promise of global electronic commerce.  VeriFone's
point-of-sale systems for online payment processing and credit card
verification are among standards recognized by thousands of banks, credit
card and debit card processors, and millions of merchants and consumers
throughout the world.  VeriFone's solutions today address the technology
standards, payment methods and government regulations of over 90 countries
around the world, enabling the two companies to accelerate their goal of
deploying Internet payment systems worldwide.
"Netscape's agreement with VeriFone will bring a comprehensive Internet
payment solution to merchants, banks, credit card companies and consumers
which will continue to fuel electronic commerce worldwide," said James
Barksdale, chief executive officer at Netscape.  "By combining VeriFone's
electronic payment technology with Netscape's complete line of server and
commerce software products, financial institutions  and merchants can
implement a complete payment solution."
Creating Comprehensive Payment Solutions
The new solutions will be designed to be compatible with current and future
credit card payment protocols, including Secure Electronic Payment Protocol
(SEPP), developed by Netscape.  The two companies are working with leading
card associations and processors to include additional protocols,
supporting future payments instruments such as micropayments and debit
"To truly enable Internet commerce, banks, credit card companies, merchants
and consumers need a trusted interoperable system as accessible and secure
as current payment systems," said Hatim A. Tyabji, chairman, president and
chief executive officer  of VeriFone.  "Consumers need to know they can
safely pay for something electronically, merchants need to know they can
safely accept it, and banks and other financial organizations need to be
able to process it.  Our goal is to give merchants the same 'plug and play'
payment access on the Internet that they have come to expect in their
retail stores."
VeriFone expects the integrated Netscape/VeriFone Internet gateway systems
for financial institutions and the merchant systems to become available in
the second to third quarters of 1996 from VeriFone, with increasing payment
protocols and enhancements becoming available throughout the year.
Company Backgrounds
Netscape Communications Corporation ( is a premier
provider of open software for linking people and information over
enterprise networks and the Internet.  The company offers a full line of
Netscape Navigator clients, servers, development tools, and Netscape
Internet Applications to create a complete platform for next-generation,
live online applications. Traded on NASDAQ under the symbol "NSCP,"
Netscape Communications Corporation is based in Mountain View, California.
VeriFone, Inc. ( is a leading global provider of
Transaction Automation and Internet commerce solutions used to deliver
electronic payment services to financial institutions, retail merchants and
consumers, as well as government agencies, healthcare providers and
benefits recipients.  The company's more  than 30 facilities -- including
regional offices, development centers, and manufacturing and distribution
centers -- are located throughout North and South America, Europe, Asia,
Africa and Australia.  To date, VeriFone has shipped more than 4.8 million
Transaction Automation systems, which have been installed in over 90
countries.  The company's 1994 net revenues totaled $309.1 million.
In 1995, VeriFone acquired Enterprise Integration Technologies
( -- a leading provider of software and consulting
services for electronic commerce on the Internet.
 (30)
VeriFone is a registered trademark of VeriFone, Inc.  All other brand names
and trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

@_date: 1996-01-22 21:23:31
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: IPSEC == end of firewalls (was Re: (fwd) e$: PBS NewsHour, Path Dependency, IPSEC, Cyberdog, and the Melting of Mr.) 
More to the point, I don't think it's possible to trust the security of the network software USERS in any case.
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1996-01-22 21:23:35
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: [noise] Internet censorship in the workplace 
A front-page article today in Network World about censoring access to sex-related Internet resources at the office.
Apparently, at Texaco, "a woman vehemently opposed
to pornography" has been assigned to review logs showing
who's been looking at what.  Workers who log onto remote
sites from Texaco to disguise their interests have not been
fooling this individual.
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1996-02-10 18:19:16
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: Web900 -  The easiest way to charge users ... 
Bob Hettinga forwarded to the list this:
[more deletia]
Rather than rely on the text Bob forwarded, I took a look at the Web page and
it appears to not have much more information than provided here.
Without knowing any more about this system than what is on their Web page,
one (apparently) obvious flaw is that it makes it real easy for me to charge my Web fees to my mother-in-law/friend/whoever's house I can get into and make the 900 # call.
Presumably this flaw can be minized by giving the access code a short
time to live so you have to enter it in the system real soon after getting it,
to discourage running around to all your (soon to be ex-)friends' houses.
Of course, this brings up the even more obvious flaw:
You have to cut short your browsing session (if you dial in) to make the phone
call, and then dial back in.  This strikes me as being much more complicated
and burdensome than any other method cited.  Also, since it seems that you
set up an account with the merchant through a single call/code, you could run
up quite a tab on someone else--untraceably--before you would get cut off.
It would be interesting to hear more about how this system
handles these issues.
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1996-02-13 02:45:11
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: Encryption software 
Norton pcANYWHERE and Stac ReachOut both claim to use encryption
though I don't have any details of what that encryption is.
However, if you use a direct telephone link to communicate, your need
for encryption would mostly be in the event that your telephone lines
were being tapped (though these products can also be used over most
network protocols including IP and IPX).
In general, when I speak with PC software vendors (product managers)
they almost always talk about how secure their products are but never
have the details (either, "oh, that's proprietary" or else "I'm not sure, I'll
have to get back to you on that...")
-Pete Loshin
 pete

@_date: 1996-05-05 05:37:19
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: RE: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
trying to
Actually, this is the kind of application that seems ideal for X-Windows.  There are a lot more, but it has never really caught on in the PC world, which is a shame since it makes much more sense than many of the solutions people have come up with over the years.
-Pete Loshin

@_date: 1996-08-09 12:16:18
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: driver license info, loss of liberty, etc. 
The furor over the Oregon DMV database seems a bit misplaced: this type of information is considered to be in the public domain.  You can buy it on tape/whatever for business purposes direct from the state.  There are lots of people who I don't want to have any information about me who can get what's on file down at the Mass Registry of Motor Vehicles.  That's the way it works.
Now, there's lots of times when it would have been nice to have access to that information myself.  Use your imagination.  Why should the public be denied the right to access this information when businesses have had that privilege for some time?  I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for it to be taken away from businesses, either, though I suppose the states will now pass laws prohibiting the public dissemination of this data.
BTW, has anyone heard about the Post Office now requiring that all airmail packages over 1 lb must now be posted in person (no mail drop boxes)?  Someone told me this, and it sounds just stupid and pointless enough to be true.  I won't have a chance to go to the PO until Monday, so I'd appreciate any updates.

@_date: 1997-03-20 20:16:33
@_author: Pete Loshin 
@_subject: Re: ONK?: SANS Network Security Digest? 
Thanks for the information.  I basically just wanted someone involved (or
someone who knows someone involved) to say, yes, this thing is real.
How come they don't sign it?  If I were a sysadmin subscriber, I'd probably
be inclined to want to be able to certify the contents got to me intact.
[stuff deleted]
[more stuff deleted]
