
@_date: 1997-07-18 12:42:30
@_author: pgMedia 
@_subject: PGMedia Comments on the Failure of the NSI-Controlled DNS System 
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: NATIONAL DISTRIBUTION:
PGMedia Comments on the Failure of the NSI-Controlled DNS System
(New York, New York) The breakdown of the Internet's Domain Name
System ("DNS") yesterday, purportedly caused by human error at
Network Solutions, Inc. ("NSI") as well as NSI's antiquated
hardware, brought internet traffic to a crawl.  This and other
recent troubles that NSI has experienced in its operation of the
Internet's Domain Name System are textbook examples of a
monopolist's inertia in developing new and more secure systems
to preserve and protect the integrity of the central facilitator
of the Internet.  The end-users of the Internet demand and
deserve better.  In NSI's desire to protect its monopoly
profits, particularly in view of its stated intention to offer
public stock based on that artificially inflated cashflow, NSI
has placed the entire Internet at risk. NSI's intransigence to
the change demanded by PGMedia, Inc. d/b/a name.space in the
antitrust litigation commenced in Federal Court in New York has
also led to the recently reported investigation by the U.S.
Department of Justice for NSI's alleged antitrust violations.
PGMedia, through its name.space service
( has developed and implemented a
rationalized Top-Level-Domain system that allows for
registration under unlimited TLDs such as ".art" "news"
".cameras", ".inc" ".sports" and ".weather". The name.space
service is housed on a state of the art network with thirteen
root servers located in five countries. The name.space system
has been fully operational since August 1996, and was not
affected by the "human error" which ground NSI's system to a
halt yesterday. If end-users of the Internet wish to secure for
their own use, and at no cost, a far more reliable DNS system,
all they need do is access the above-referenced URL and follow
the simple steps therein to redirect their default TCP name
server addresses to the name.space network.
In addition, PGMedia believes that the name.space shared product
and service oriented TLDs, when fully resolvable, will open up
the Internet to far greater commercialization and render the
wealth of information on the Internet far more accessible to the
end-user.  PGMedia's demand for access to the central root zone
file exclusively controlled by NSI which would render PGMedia's
TLD's and the domain names registered thereunder universally
resolvable is currently pending consideration by The Honorable
Robert P. Patterson, Jr., U.S.D.J., in Federal Court in New
York. PGMedia also wishes to stress that it has no affiliation
with and does not support the anticompetitive approach
propounded by the loose group of purported registrars known as
For more information, please contact the PGMedia, Inc. legal
counsel at mjd the Amended Complaint in the
above-referenced Federal Antitrust Action may be viewed and
downloaded at

@_date: 1997-07-21 00:42:23
@_author: pgMedia 
@_subject: Nameserver Cache Contamination by Alternic is Irresponsible Practice 
To All System Administrators:
I recommend that you restart all of your nameservers
to clear out their caches...
Alternic has cached bogus information
on your servers and others, rerouting
 to and  to as well as causing failures to resolve other
I find this practice by Alternic IRRESPONSIBLE
as sets a negative example for the independent
NameService Providers.
Name.Space does not in any way support this
IRRESPONSIBLE PRACTICE or any TRAFFIC HIJACKING
of any kind.
Name.space disclaims any connection whatsoever to
"Alternic", "eDNS", or any of their affiliates, nor
does name.space endorse any of the policies of the
aforementioned entities.
Name.space is committed to RESPONSIBLE PRACTICE
in providing nameservice in the interests of the
international public and in keeping the toplevel
namespace in the public domain.
Paul Garrin
see related articles:

@_date: 1997-09-18 12:31:39
@_author: pgMedia 
@_subject: PGMedia Challenges U.S. Government's Claim	   To Control Of The Domain Name System 
Press Release
September 18, 1997
PGMedia Challenges U.S. Government's Claim
   To Control Of The Domain Name System
NEW YORK, NEW YORK:     PGMedia, Inc. d/b/a name.space(tm), the New
York-based company which sued Network Solutions, Inc. ("NSI") (the holder
of the monopoly in commercial Internet Domain Name Registrations) for
violations of U.S. antitrust laws in March of this year, has amended its
Complaint in that case to join the National Science Foundation ("NSF") as a
party-defendant.  While PGMedia steadfastly believes that the National
Science Foundation has no authority to restrict or forestall the complete
opening of the Domain Name Registration market which PGMedia seeks in its
case against NSI, over the last three months, the NSF has injected itself
into the Domain Name dispute by claiming (on behalf of the U.S. Government)
to exclusively control the Domain Name System.  The NSF has exerted this
control to prevent NSI from acquiescing in PGMedia's demand for access to
the market.  Again, PGMedia believes that the NSF possesses no such control
or authority, but even if it did, such actions have the clear effect of
limiting freedom of expression in the first and foremost avenue of speech
on the Internet -- the Domain Name.  Thus, either the NSF has no authority,
and NSI should be allowed to comply with Federal and state antitrust law in
settling with PGMedia, or the NSF must, pursuant to the First Amendment to
the U.S. Constitution, acquiesce in PGMedia's demand to unlimited and
shared Top Level Domain Names.
The name.space(tm) Service
PGMedia's name.space(tm) service( was launched
in August 1996 to offer Internet Domain Name Registration Services in
competition with NSI under virtually unlimited Top Level Domain names.
That is to say, while NSI has forced Internet users to register their names
under .com, .net and .org, name.space(tm) offers the full range of
expression, in virtually any language, in the top level namespace.  In
addition, and significantly, name.space(tm) claims no exclusivity with
respect to the right to register under any TLD.  Indeed, PGMedia has
developed software and code to allow multiple registries to register names
under the same TLD.  Unfortunately, until NSI changes the so-called "root
zone file" (or directory of directories) which resides on its root name
servers, the name.space(tm) top level domain names will not be universally
resolvable on the Internet.  Until NSI makes that change, only users who
have visited the name.space(tm) web page and downloaded the self-executing
application which points their browser to the name.space(tm) servers first
can use a name.space(tm) domain name.
PGMedia sues Network Solutions
to Open the Domain Name Market
In March 1997, after NSI refused PGMedia's request that reference to the
name.space(tm) name servers be added to the root zone file, PGMedia sued
NSI in Federal District Court in the Southern District of New York seeking,
among other things, to compel NSI to add the name.space(tm) TLDs and
nameservers to the root zone file.  Initially, NSI refused, claiming that
Dr. Jon Postel, of the so-called Internet Assigned Numbers Authority
("IANA"), was the only person who could add a TLD to the root zone file.
However, after several discussions with PGMedia and its counsel, NSI
proposed allowing unlimited TLDs, but only if the National Science
Foundation had no objection.  PGMedia has consistently contended that the
NSF has no more of a place in this debate than any other interested party,
and could not act to arbitrarily limit speech in the top level name space
even if it did. In June and again in August of this year, the NSF informed
NSI that the NSF controlled the root zone file, and that the NSF could not
allow NSI to comply with Federal and state antitrust laws in granting
PGMedia's reasonable request.
With today's addition of the National Science Foundation to the case, the
issue of who ultimately controls the Global Internet is squarely before a
Court of competent jurisdiction.  In addition, the arbitrary restriction by
the U.S. Government of freedom of expression in the top level name space
may soon finally come to an end.
For more information, contact: law
                                                 Or call (212) 677-4080
