
@_date: 1995-09-02 18:26:03
@_author: Peter Gutmann 
@_subject: SUMMARY: Not-so-volatile volatile memory 
About a month ago, I asked for comments about recovering data from
semiconductor memory after power had been removed.  After much procrastinating,
I've finally finished the summary of what people sent me.  Many thanks to
everyone who responded, in particular to Bob Hale for answering many questions
about the possibility of recovering data from DRAM's.
If anyone has any further comments to add to this (I'm particularly interested
in actual figures for data retention in DRAM cells, although I've been told
this is burn-before-reading proprietary information), you can send it to me at
the above address.

@_date: 1996-01-21 17:49:30
@_author: unreleased 
@_subject: Re: Idea for "friendly" Windows password hack 
Ahh, the problem is the "put them away somewhere" part.  There's nowhere to put
them.  The solution I'm using now for an (unreleased) variant of SFS is to
store encryption keys in write-only hardware as per FIPS PUB 140-1, but that's
hardly practical for most systems.  The same standard also allows for key
storage in software, but at the minimum useful level (level 2) you need at
least a C2-certified OS to protect the keys (the standard is good reading when
it comes to protecting encryption subsystems BTW, as are the specs for things
like GSS-API and GCS-API).  This isn't going to happen under Win'95 (for
example, here's how to get to any keys held in memory by the OS: Win'95 allows
for demand-loaded VxD's, so you run a trojan with an embedded VxD which
searches the system VM for the keys and then unloads itself). It would require
a significant reengineering of Win'95 to make it even passably secure (assuming
MS don't screw up the implementation), and I don't think it's practical to do.
Under NT you can do it to some extent because this level of security was
designed in from the start.

@_date: 1996-01-17 19:15:22
@_author: possibly another security hole 
@_subject: A WfW security curiosity (possibly another security hole) 
When WfW is installed, it creates a file in the Windows directory called
WFWSYS.CFG.  This is a standard Windows password file and may be decrypted with
the password "23skidoo" (note that this is lowercase, since it's passed to the
.PWL-handling code at a level which bypasses the usual password case smashing.
The mangled 32-bit form which is passed to the RC4 key setup routine is { 0x67,
0x6F, 0xE3, 0x81 }).
WFWSYS.CFG seems to be mostly identical for the few copies I could get to, and
WfW networking won't work without it.  Decrypting the file doesn't seem to give
anything useful, the string "SYSTEM" and what looks like a few 8 or 16-numbers. I don't know enough about how WfW networking works, but my (very vague) guess
is that it contains some sort of cookie to uniquely ID each machine for
resource sharing over a network.  If it does then it it's (yet another) pretty
serious security hole, since it's encrypted with a fixed password and seems to
be mostly identical over multiple machines.  OTOH it may be something to do
with serial numbers so you can't install the same copy of WfW on multiple
machines on a LAN.
Can anyone shed more light on it?

@_date: 1996-01-18 07:19:02
@_author: possibly another security hole 
@_subject: Re: A WfW security curiosity (possibly another security hole) 
Ahh, so you can silently reenable password cacheing by manipulating this file, thereby defeating Microsoft's "turn off password cacheing" kludge.  Wonderful.  I'll have a poke around on Monday to figure out what bits to
flip and post the results here.
Thanks for the info...
