
@_date: 1994-03-15 09:32:03
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: digital cash 
Issuers of scrip ("a certificate of a right to receive payment later
in the form of cash or stock") will get the attention of Treasury if
it is not convertible (by the issuer) to a fixed number of dollars.
An easy way for the government to make scrip less useful is to refuse
to enforce the contract.  It would be interesting to know if there are
also punishments and if they can be extended to digital scrip.
The laws regarding money can get pretty strange.  For instance, it is
illegal for a U.S. citizen to hold options in a foreign currency
market.  The only plausible reason for this is to prevent
U.S. citizens from buying insurance against government
irresponsiblity.  Option rights in a domestic options market are
easily abrogated.
Commodities have, historically, been more stable than currencies.
Over decades they become cheaper as improved means of discovery or
production are found, but currencies generally devalue more quickly
and unpredictably.
I don't have the numbers right here, but I believe even gold is more
stable than the dollar.  Gold has to be found and dug out of the
ground.  Currencies are devalued at the whim of the government.  A
basket of commodities would probably be more stable than government
Unfortunately, governments don't seem to like it when you try to use
things other than official measures of value.
It would be nice to know exactly what kinds of laws govern the
establishment of a digital "bank" which doesn't lend money and which
doesn't pay interest.  If the only service provided is to make
payments, does banking law apply?  For instance, U.S. banks are
required by law to turn over transactions on an account if an
intelligence service wants to see them.  The employee of the bank
approached is not allowed to indicate in any way that this has
happened and the penalties for violation are severe.  Would this law
apply to a digital transactions bank?

@_date: 1994-03-22 12:18:03
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Promise her anything... 
One footnote to Hal's cool message:
The IRS made bearer bonds illegal about ten years ago.  It seems
people were using them to evade income tax.  I believe they are
forbidden within the United States and U.S. citizens are forbidden to
own them at all anywhere.
Bearer bonds are still widely used in Europe.  They are liked because
they simplify payment and bookkeeping - nobody has to go through a
transfer agent to exchange them.  Problems with theft and fraud appear
to be manageable.
There was an interesting case a few years ago when somebody tried to
sell stock in the United States which was convertible to bearer bonds.
Is it legal for a U.S. citizen to hold the stock if she or he does not
convert it into a bearer bond?  I don't know what the court decided,
but the fact that the case was brought makes me think the authorities
are pretty touchy on this issue.
But, there might be some legal variant of the idea.

@_date: 1994-03-28 20:02:38
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Shirt project 
On the back you could use the Sword Through The Earth Symbol used in
an original Star Trek episode by the Evil Federation Empire from an
alternate universe.  Disturbingly, in this universe the symbol is used
by Interpol.

@_date: 1994-03-31 08:49:20
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Bekenstein Bound (was: Crypto and new computing strategies) 
If I read the quote correctly, the surface area of the black hole
itself is not under discussion.  Rather, whether it can be contained
in a surface with some area, which it can be.

@_date: 1994-04-01 08:47:41
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Bekenstein Bound (was: Crypto and new computing strategies) 
When I read the quote being discussed, it seems to say that no system
which can be contained in a surface with an appropriate area A can
have more than a finite number of states.
I don't think that volume is discussed at all, just a surface.  If you
are happy to contain the singularity in an imaginary cube with a
million light years on each side, I'm happy to call the surface the
sides of that cube.
This may seem pointless, because, as you point out, everything in the
universe can be contained in a surface (or volume).  It is not
pointless if we can imagine systems which cannot be contained in a
surface.  I'm guessing that a very large system, say everything in the
universe, might not be containable in a surface.  If the quote is
correct that would imply that the universe may not have a finite
number states.
The cryptography tie in: if the quote is correct, then any computer we
build is going to have a finite number of states which implies that
the number of computrons is theoretically limited.  And this implies
that there may be RSA keys of sufficient size that they cannot be
broken with brute force, which doesn't seem that surprising.

@_date: 1994-04-03 16:54:44
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: THOUGHT: International Electronic Declaration of Rights 
I think the "anarchy" of the net works just fine and can be compared
to the "anarchy" of conversation.  Would it be considered reasonable
to monitor and restrict conversations between free people?  Would it
be reasonable to regulate the friends people make or the parties they
attend?  The answer should be "no" in both cases.
This analogy was originally used by Oliver Wendell Holmes to justify
the arrest and imprisonment of people who spoke against World War I in
the streets of New York City.  This analogy is almost always used to
justify repressive policies.  It is entirely inappropriate for
cyberspace anyway, since nobody is going to be trampled running to
their front yard!
I think you are well-intentioned, but I think looking to the U.N. to
protect individual rights will not work well.  Most of the governments
which belong to the U.N. are totalitarian.
I think that most of what you really want to see happen can be
summarized as: "People have the right to communicate freely and,
therefore, privately."  I wouldn't complain if this became a
Constitutional Amendment or if the U.N. adopted it, but I would prefer
to see a world where free communication is so basic to the fabric of
society that it would be difficult to do things in any other way.

@_date: 1994-04-03 20:04:41
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: THOUGHT: International Electronic Declaration of Rights 
The concept of a public place isn't all that useful in cyberspace
since it's easy and inexpensive for people to set up their own nodes.
If you would like to see a node created with rules about how the
participants behave, you are certainly free to set one up.  It's
pretty cheap to set up nodes now and it's going to be cheaper in the
future.  In effect, cyberspace has an unlimited area is infinitely
dimensioned; that is, every point is connectable to every other point.
I can't see any reason to regulate my node if you only want people to
have access to other nodes.  I would suggest that what you really want
is a subsidy system.
I realize you are not advocating libel laws here, but I think it's
important to recognize that they are opposed to free speech and are,
in my view, unconstitional.  In the San Francisco area they have been
used in the East Bay to discourage people from speaking against, among
others, the University of California.  The problem isn't just the
possibility of losing a lawsuit, many people simple cannot afford to
defend themselves.  I suspect libel laws prevent many interesting
stories from being told.  That is unfortunate.

@_date: 1994-04-03 20:12:15
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re:  PHILIP ZIMMERMAN ARRESTED [NOT!] 
I once read a story in the newspaper about a popular mayor who, it was
reported, died in a massage parlor.  I didn't realize that it was a
prank for some time.  I felt sheepish.  Should we monitor newspapers?
I don't think so.
Healthy skepticism of random messages on the net is a better way to
solve this problem.  Is this really Stewart Brand?

@_date: 1994-04-17 11:45:53
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re:  'Nother MIT talk on crypto... 
In a democratic country, the needs of the government should be
identical to the needs of the citizenry.  One of the basic political
ideas upon which our society is founded is that government serves the
people and not the other way around.
We've seen Micali's point raised again and again.
The NSA spokesman quoted on this list some time ago, whose name I have
forgotten, made this point as well.  He also claimed that "government
money" had been used to pay for most recent cryptographic advances.
This is likely untrue, but it does raise an important philosophical
point: The government has no money of its own, it spends the money of
the citizenry.  The argument that the citizenry should be denied the
benefits of their expenditures is a weak one.
These points are likely to be obvious to most readers of this list,
but I haven't seen them raised.  I think that every time an NSA
official or White House spokesman or anyone else questions the
important political principle of "government of the people, by the
people, and for the people" we should point this out as often as we
can.  We must delegitimize NSA and their friends and show them for the
rascals they truly are.

@_date: 1994-04-18 15:55:25
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Dirty Laundry... 
This system can be tested with a small amount of capital.
Only two contracts will be in play at any time.  So, you need only put
up margin for two contracts.  This is feasible for less than $10,000.
When cash moves the wrong way, it can be funnelled back to the right
broker.  At the end of the game, we can review the brokerage
statements to see if the money ended up where it was supposed to.
Those who doubt Mr. Metzger's analysis should be able to find backers
who will supply this small amount of working capital.  I would guess
that Mr. Metzger would be willing to allow his critics to pool their
resources, should some turn coward or plead poverty.

@_date: 1994-04-18 17:45:51
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: 15 out of 16 times... 
Actually, the casinos win in Las Vegas because the odds of almost
every bet are in their favor.  (Occasionally some blackjack bets are
good for the customer.  I believe that's the only exception.)
Larger capital allows you to affect the distribution of winnings, but
not whether or not the underlying bet is a good one.  Employment of
this strategy means most outcomes will be slightly positive with a
small chance of a loss.  The loss will be large.
Every casino, in effect, takes on the whole world.  As all the bets
are independent, it doesn't matter if they are played by one player or
by a new player every time.  The world has much more capital.  Yet the
casinos consistently win.
There is a way in which the futures markets can be used for quietly
and inexpensively transferring money, even if you can't predict future
Let's say a second payment channel exists.  However, it is expensive
in terms of cost, privacy, or hassle.  It also has the property that
the cost of transferring $10,000 is the same as transferring $100,000.
Most of the time, when you play the futures markets you can get some
amount of money to transfer.  Once in awhile it doesn't work, so you
use the second, expensive, payment channel.

@_date: 1994-04-19 12:52:25
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: 15 out of 16 times (math, not laundry) 
Pretend the casino is run out of a church.  "Parishioners" arrive and
enter a confessional to place their bets.  The "priest" cannot see who
is placing each bet.  Each "parishioner" plays until he or she is
broke.  "Parishioners" arrive at a steady rate and will do so
How can the "priest" tell who is broke and who isn't?  Why should he
care?  The chance of the "church" to win or lose is the same on every
bet, regardless of who places it.
What you have constructed is an outcome where the house is almost
certain to make a miniscule amount, but has a slim chance of a massive
loss.  This is not what "making money" means.  Think about what the
return on investment is likely to be.  I don't think you will find an
"inevitable process of cash extraction".  That only occurs if the odds
favor of the house.
I think you may be misapplying your reading.  Duration of play is
interesting, but I hope the actual issue is making money.  They are
not the same thing.
This can be very confusing.  I've seen two professional mathematicians
and a futures textbook make this mistake.

@_date: 1994-04-20 10:50:42
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: 15 out of 16 times (math, not laundry) 
I agree with both conjectures.
There is a slight difference between what Conjecture A predicts and
this statement.  Conjecture A predicts that as b, the number of bets,
goes to infinity the fraction of bets won will approach C, the
probability that the church will win a single trial.
You should think about what you mean by "fraction of money".  I think
there is a seductive error here.  In one sense, we mean the amount of
money placed on bets, but we also mean the actual bank notes in play.
These concepts address two different things.  Whether or not banknotes
are recycled by the parishioners will not affect the church's
Each parishioner has a high probability of losing their savings and a
low probability of winning everything owned by the church.  It is
possible for any single parishioner to win everything, but it is
The player needs to be lucky.
Let's say the church's assets are H dollars.  In order for it to lose
everything, it has to have a series of bets whose sum is a negative
value less than -H.  This series has a beginning - the point at which
the church's assets dropped below H and moved down to 0.  If
parishioners play until they win or are broke, the player who took the
church below H will be the same player who wins everything.  (I am
assuming fixed size bets, but the conclusions can be generalized.)
This player wins because he or she was fortunate enough to place the
first bet in the series.  Having more capital means that more bets can
be placed.  That increases the probability of placing the first bet in
the winning series, but does not affect the odds of the church losing
I found it interesting.  Your message was written clearly.
I've seen this question and similar ones come up again and again in
discussions of gambling, trading, and insurance.  It would be nice if
having a large body of capital would allow one to "make money off the
noise", but it isn't so.
It has been observed that small traders in the futures markets tend to
lose money to large traders.  One way this has been explained is that
the large traders outlast the small traders with their larger capital
and that is how they make money.  I think a more likely explanation is
that the large traders tend to make good trades.

@_date: 1994-05-12 09:11:28
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Goals: Bad debate drives out good debate 
You're on the right track here.
Moderation doesn't have to be based in censorship.  It can be based
on advice.
Instead of picking random list receivers to moderate, readers should
choose their own moderators.
As a moderator reads the latest messages on the list, he or she can
mark each one as junk or not junk.  This causes advice messages to be
sent to their subscribers.  The subscribers can use mail programs which
process the advice and only show messages which have passed.  ("If all
three of my moderators say a message is junk, then don't read it,
otherwise, show me.")
Each moderator can operate, in effect, a mini-mailing list.  When
digital money becomes available, moderators can charge for their
One problem with mailing lists is that there isn't much feedback.
It's very easy to get enthused and post a "me too" message without
realizing that nobody wants to read it.  If you notice that various
moderators are consistently panning your articles, you will learn to
do better work.
Corruption of moderators is easily managed as every message they
comment on is available for inspection.  Hard working readers can
ignore all advice by the moderators if they like.
Real life example: I have wondered for some time about the articles
that don't make it into comp.risks.  This is a great newsgroup, but
one has to be suspicious of its relationship to SRI.  Are "radical"
articles culled while "sane and reasonable" articles by D. Denning are
passed on?  It would be reassuring to be able to sift through the

@_date: 1994-05-12 10:28:07
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Goals: Bad debate drives out good debate 
This would be easy to set up, but instead of discarding message from
"disapproved" people I would suggest just tagging which messages are
sent by "approved" people and which are not.  That way all of the
information still gets out there, even if it's unpopular.

@_date: 1995-10-20 18:24:48
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Lack of secrecy in U.S. Banks 
I ran across an interesting fragment of the U.S. Code.
Apparently, the Federal Government may access any banking records
whatsoever if the Director of the FBI (or the Director's designee)
certify that the information is sought for "foreign intelligence
purposes."  Further, it is illegal for anybody to disclose that the
records were turned over to the government, or even sought.  I do not
know the penalties for disclosure.
The Attorney General appears to set guidelines for the dissemination
of the information obtained through this law.  Note that if banking
privacy is violated for reasons which are not related to
counter-intelligence operations, the victim is unlikely to be in a
position to seek relief from the courts because the privacy violation
is likely to remain secret.
I've enclosed the law below.  I'm not a lawyer, so it raises more
questions than it answers.  Perhaps the more skilled readers on the
list will be able to deduce the implications.
The U.S. Code is available at This particular law is available at the improbable URL:
Here is the law itself:
   12 USC Sec. 3414                                             01/24/94
   TITLE 12 - BANKS AND BANKING
   CHAPTER 35 - RIGHT TO FINANCIAL PRIVACY
   Sec. 3414. Special procedures
     (a)(1) Nothing in this chapter (except sections 3415, 3417, 3418,
   and 3421 of this title) shall apply to the production and
   disclosure of financial records pursuant to requests from -
       (A) a Government authority authorized to conduct foreign
     counter- or foreign positive-intelligence activities for purposes
     of conducting such activities; or
       (B) the Secret Service for the purpose of conducting its
     protective functions (18 U.S.C. 3056; 3 U.S.C. 202, Public Law
     90-331, as amended).
     (2) In the instances specified in paragraph (1), the Government
   authority shall submit to the financial institution the certificate
   required in section 3403(b) of this title signed by a supervisory
   official of a rank designated by the head of the Government
   authority.
     (3) No financial institution, or officer, employee, or agent of
   such institution, shall disclose to any person that a Government
   authority described in paragraph (1) has sought or obtained access
   to a customer's financial records.
     (4) The Government authority specified in paragraph (1) shall
   compile an annual tabulation of the occasions in which this section
   was used.
     (5)(A) Financial institutions, and officers, employees, and
   agents thereof, shall comply with a request for a customer's or
   entity's financial records made pursuant to this subsection by the
   Federal Bureau of Investigation when the Director of the Federal
   Bureau of Investigation (or the Director's designee) certifies in
   writing to the financial institution that such records are sought
   for foreign counterintelligence purposes and that there are
   specific and articulable facts giving reason to believe that the
   customer or entity whose records are sought is a foreign power or
   an agent of a foreign power as defined in section 1801 of title 50.
     (B) The Federal Bureau of Investigation may disseminate
   information obtained pursuant to this paragraph only as provided in
   guidelines approved by the Attorney General for foreign
   intelligence collection and foreign counterintelligence
   investigations conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation,
   and, with respect to dissemination to an agency of the United
   States, only if such information is clearly relevant to the
   authorized responsibilities of such agency.
     (C) On a semiannual basis the Attorney General shall fully inform
   the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of
   Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the
   Senate concerning all requests made pursuant to this paragraph.
     (D) No financial institution, or officer, employee, or agent of
   such institution, shall disclose to any person that the Federal
   Bureau of Investigation has sought or obtained access to a
   customer's or entity's financial records under this paragraph.
     (b)(1) Nothing in this chapter shall prohibit a Government
   authority from obtaining financial records from a financial
   institution if the Government authority determines that delay in
   obtaining access to such records would create imminent danger of -
       (A) physical injury to any person;
       (B) serious property damage; or
       (C) flight to avoid prosecution.
     (2) In the instances specified in paragraph (1), the Government
   shall submit to the financial institution the certificate required
   in section 3403(b) of this title signed by a supervisory official
   of a rank designated by the head of the Government authority.
     (3) Within five days of obtaining access to financial records
   under this subsection, the Government authority shall file with the
   appropriate court a signed, sworn statement of a supervisory
   official of a rank designated by the head of the Government
   authority setting forth the grounds for the emergency access.  The
   Government authority shall thereafter comply with the notice
   provisions of section 3409(c) of this title.
     (4) The Government authority specified in paragraph (1) shall
   compile an annual tabulation of the occasions in which this section
   was used.
   (Pub. L. 95-630, title XI, Sec. 1114, Nov. 10, 1978, 92 Stat. 3707;
   Pub. L. 97-320, title IV, Sec. 432(b), Oct. 15, 1982, 96 Stat.
   1527; Pub. L. 99-569, title IV, Sec. 404, Oct. 27, 1986, 100 Stat.
   3197.)
                            REFERENCES IN TEXT
     Public Law 90-331, as amended, referred to in subsec. (a)(1)(B),
   is Pub. L. 90-331, June 6, 1968, 82 Stat. 170, as amended, which is
   set out as a note under section 3056 of Title 18, Crimes and
   Criminal Procedure.
                                AMENDMENTS
     1986 - Subsec. (a)(5). Pub. L. 99-569 added par. (5).
     1982 - Subsec. (b)(2). Pub. L. 97-320 struck out ''of'' after
   ''financial institution''.
                  SECTION REFERRED TO IN OTHER SECTIONS
     This section is referred to in sections 3402, 3409, 3421 of this
   title.
  __________________________________________________________________________

@_date: 1996-11-05 09:36:33
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Kill Files 
I've been experimenting with a kill file.  It is quite effective,
takes very little time to set up, and imposes minimal overhead on my
In general people who have written worthwhile articles continue to do
so.  Those who have not in the past, tend not to in the future.
So, I sort by poster into three categories: the A-list, the maybe-read
list, and the killfile.  My A-list has about 35 names and the
resulting messages are, in my opinion, almost entirely signal.  I use
the maybe-read list to find people who should be on the A-list.  The
kill file I don't read.
If people post on things that don't interest me, I killfile them.  If
they bore me, I killfile them.  If they are rude, I killfile them. If
they use obscenities I am likely to killfile them.  If they make naive
statements, I killfile them.  If they whine too much, I killfile them.
I now have a cypherpunks list which is worth reading.
I was surprised that so many core cypherpunks allowed Dmitri Vulis to
upset them so much.  That was obviously his intention.  Is it really
so shocking to learn that somewhere out in the world there is one
loser?  Follow Tim May's fine example - killfile him and forget him.
Killfiles are easy to set up.  You don't need to write a line of code.
I use the filters in Eudora.  Eudora is available for Macs and PCs.
If you are using a Unix box, procmail will do the trick.  If you don't
know much about these tools, you probably know somebody who does.  If
you don't, you can probably find people on the cypherpunks list who
will be more than happy to help you.  I will be happy to help you.
It is wonderful that John Gilmore and Hugh Daniels have done so much
to keep this list running.  John can do anything he wants with his
machines and with this list.  But, I was disappointed to see him
remove somebody from it.  Why?  I prefer to choose for myself who to
killfile and who not to.  Unfortunately, beggars can't be choosers.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 12:23:06
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
It appears to be widely believed that cryptoanarchy is irreversible.
Everybody believes that the race to deploy or forbid strong cryptography
will define the outcome for a long time.
I can't think of a reason why this should be so.
If the wide use of strong cryptography results in widely unpopular
activities such as sarin attacks and political assassinations, it
would not be all that hard to forbid it, even after deployment.
I am curious why many people believe this is not true.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 14:24:49
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
The reasons underlying this are what I don't completely understand.
Use of strong crypto would be a tip off that one is a terrorist.
If strong cryptography were unpopular and highly illegal, very few
people would be using it.  This makes it easy to identify suspects.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 14:40:21
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
This only works if there are large numbers of people who think it is
a good idea.  Otherwise, the resources of the Federal Government
may be directed quite effectively against a small number of people.
If you can get a life prison term for your strong crypto you may
hesitate to use it.  If not, then you may get to be an example
for everybody else.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 14:54:30
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
In the extreme case, everybody would be sending messages in the clear.
In the case of mandatory GAK, it would be easy to open a bunch of
messages and see if what was inside looked like cryptography.  The
privacy violation could be minimized by requiring a Congressionally
approved test program to applied without any human reading it.  If
the test program said it was cryptography, then this could be considered
just cause for a judge to issue a warrant to the authorities for the
study of the actual message.
The laws regarding what is considered legal evidence are easily
changed if there is a need for it.  Probably they don't need to be
changed all that much.  If you see a lot of PGP messages coming
from somebody, you get a warrant and search their computer for
illegal software.  When you find it, you lock them up forever.
In the absence of strong cryptography, remailers do not offer much
If the penalties for the use of cryptography are significantly greater
than the penalties associated with the crime, you may opt not to use
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 15:42:58
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
The key here is that in these cases the practice has become widely
accepted.  By widely accepted, I mean that very significant numbers of
people believe that there is nothing all that wrong with the practice.
Those who disagree do not feel it is worth the trouble to put a stop
to it.
If the Four Horseman of the Crypto-apocolypse were real, we could certainly
put a stop to cryptoanarchy if we wanted to.  Very few people would be
willing to tolerate strong cryptography if it meant that it was real easy
to have people killed, resulted in many sarin attacks, or widespread
kidnappings.  I doubt you could find many readers of even this list who
would find such scenarios acceptable.
You are right that the people in D.C. understand your point quite well.
And I am naive for expecting them to honestly discuss their policies.
The reason they fear cryptoanarchy is not because it will be something
people won't like - quite the opposite.  If they are to succeed they have
to stop it now before it is widely recognized to not be a problem for
people who earn their living.
I believe that if the people in D.C. honestly believed that the Four
Horsemen were coming, they would wait for the first real evidence
of it to rally the society behind their cause and write themselves
into the history books as heroes.
Today, strong cryptography has caused no noticeable problems.  People who
want to forbid it can only justify such intrusive and politically risky
policies on the grounds that something irreversible occurs after deployment.
But, I don't believe I have yet seen any sort of explanation for
irreversibility that is not based on "well, it won't be all that bad."
This argument would certainly not go over well with the leaders of China.
The people of China may have another point of view.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 16:51:31
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
If mandatory GAK were imposed, reviewing messages is easy, even with
inter-agency fighting.  Or, encryption in general could just be
forbidden if GAK created too much hassle.
In practice I suspect that good stego is hard.  You don't have to be
right every time when you look for it, just some of the time.  When
you see packets that seem kind of funny to you, the judge issues you
a warrant and you search the suspect's house and computer very carefully.
If stego is in use, the software that generated it can be found.  Then
you hand out a life sentence.
Yes, this would be somewhat expensive.  But if the number of suspects
is small, it is completely feasible.
You might also identify suspects in other ways.  Maybe that Jim McCoy
is looking a little too successful or perhaps he made an unwise comment
to a "friend" who reported him.  That could easily be grounds for a
warrant and subsequent change of quarters.
Which technicalities protected the Japanese-Americans during World War II?
As you probably know, these people were not protected by our legal system.
Their bank accounts were frozen and they were forced to sell their property
in less than two weeks.  They were effectively stripped of their assets.
Then, they were carted off to concentration camps and left there for years.
This was allowed to happen because there was strong public support for it.
The legal system would have to be stretched considerably less to outlaw
strong crypto and make it stick.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 16:53:33
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
What happens when they find it on your disk?  Remember, you don't have
an encrypted virtual disk, or if you do, the consequences are the same
if you didn't.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 14:07:57
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Well, once I've got my strong crypto and electronic commerce, and 20
or so virtual identities to do things for me, and the gub'ment can't
tell what money I'm making and spending, so they can't tax me. So if
they can't tax me, and they can't tax lots of folks, then they can't
pay their jack-booted thugs. So the goverment becomes irrelevant. It
can't support a huge police state infrastructure, and certainly can't
but mega-crays to break my crypto, so how're they going to retain
When we say anarchy, we mean anarchy.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-11-07 17:16:43
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
While the term "police state" is not well defined, I do not believe it
applies to what I am describing.  (There is a risk that it could develop,
Laws forbidding the use of cryptography have ominous free speech
implications as we would be attempting to outlaw concealed meaning.
Concealed meaning can be pretty well concealed and that makes
for difficult and dangerous legal questions.
On the other hand, the action of running a program which uses forbidden
crypto systems is pretty unambiguous and could be effectively isolated
from other kinds of speech.
Many kinds of speech are already illegal.  For instance, I am not allowed
to copy somebody else's speech because it would violate copyright laws.
I am not allowed to break verbal contracts.  In essence, I am punished
later for the something I said if I am forced to keep my word.  But,
this does not constitute a police state.
What I am proposing would not require an end to fair trials or warrants
or really any other legal customs we have.
In case anybody has any doubts, and I doubt Tim does, the existence of
a life sentence does not imply the presence of a police state.
The taxpayers will be happy to pay to keep a small number of criminals
in jail if it keeps the rest of us fairly safe within our homes and on
the streets.
Actually, I agree with Tim.  I think the deployment of strong cryptography
will be irreversible.  But, it will be irreversible because the bad aspects
of it won't be all that bad and in general it will be a very positive
development.  The reason it must be stopped now is to stop the voters
from discovering this.  (Certainly we have seen a strong anti-democratic
sentiment among the proponents of GAK, when they propose that we cannot
even be allowed to hear the scenarios which should concern us, the
ultimate repository of political legitimacy in the United States.)
A good comparison can be made to the recreational drug situation.  Many
people, probably a majority of people, believe that they should be allowed
to take whatever drugs they like and many do.  Efforts have been made to
forbid it, but they are almost universally unsuccessful because of the
tremendous popular support for recreational drug use.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 17:36:58
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
This implies that there is a dramatic political opportunity for those
who have not yet taken a strong stand on the issue, young congresspeople
please note.
Federal interference has probably delayed the onset of large scale net
commerce by at least a year.  The Zimmermann case alone, I suspect, has had
a dramatic chilling effect on the development of good security technologies.
It is interesting to speculate on the career consequences for those who
are currently on the wrong side of the fence.  People like Jim Exon
will, at most, find their way into an embarrassing footnote in the
history books.
What about Albert Gore?  Since the '92 election his political stock
has fallen dramatically amongst people I know.  Before his "Information
Highway" activities, a few people were suspicious of his wife's
inclinations towards censorship, but he was not generally hated.  A lot
can happen in four years.  My guess is that the general public and
even the reporters ;-) will have caught on to the issues surrounding
strong crypto by the next election which will not be good for Gore's
naked ambition.
It's also interesting to wonder what will happen to certain institutions
which have not been very well behaved.  Certainly the ATF is not well
loved.  That is not lucky for long range funding.
I suspect the NSA will be able to salvage their reputation by sticking
the blame on the Clinton administration and anybody else who is handy.
They seem to be playing both sides of the fence right now.  There is
a tremendous institutional opportunity for the NSA as the demand for
secure systems is growing exponentially and they probably know it.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 17:55:35
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
I doubt it is as easy as you say.  Truly noisy sources are unusual.
You don't have to be 100% sure you have a crypto-terrorist on your hands
to search their house, interrogate them, and talk for awhile to
everyone they know and then watch them carefully from then on.
You don't have to have very many convictions with life sentences
to discourage most experimenters which means that you can afford
to spend a lot of time and effort on those that you can find.
The perpetrator need only mess up once to be put in jail where he belongs.
Assuming that it is possible to identify most crypto-anarchist-terrorists
as suspects (possibly through informants or surveillance or tax audits)
it should be fairly simple to find their contraband disks and data when
you search their house.  The problem with executables is that they have
to execute so you can tell if they are encryption software.  How will
you handle this problem?
Cross border transmissions of illegally encrypted information is as hard
to stop as the use of strong cryptography.  If you can stop, for the
most part, the use of strong cryptography, then you can stop the use
of foreign remailers, errrr, I mean espionage mailers.
Were there strong support for it, even cross border activity could be
significantly curtailed.  This would complicate the practice of carrying
stego'd materials across by hand.  That may seem improbable, but I know
that in the late 1960s the Johnson Administration seriously considered
limiting U.S. tourism because of the negative impact it had on the dollar.
In the model I am positing, there would be broad popular support for
such policies.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 18:26:05
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
No, you're confused, but it's probably my fault.  We don't really know
what cryptoanarchy will be like.  We all have ideas about it.  Some
we share and some we don't.  But we won't really know until we see it
My whole point is based on the proposition that the doomsayers are right.
I believe D. Denning has suggested that cryptoanarchy will result in
the breakdown of our society.  The implication is that we must stop
this from happening.  What I am saying is that we can wait and see
before going into a panic.  If it turns out to be bad - and I mean
Assassination Politics, by the way - it is reasonable to assume that
broad popular support for the suppression of strong cryptography will
result.  Even most cypherpunks would support and participate in such
policies if it appeared to be necessary.  Broad popular support means
that it will be possible to roll back cryptoanarchy.  That means
we don't need to do anything hasty now.  The people who want to do
some hasty should be called upon to justify their beliefs.  To date
I don't believe they have done so.
It might be a good idea to reread the first sentence of the last
paragraph.  I am not repeat not endorsing the Four Horsemen scenario.
It is my opinion that your bloodthirsty dreams have done a great deal to
discredit cryptoanarchy.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 19:00:31
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
I think this is true.  Good computer security, including encryption,
is clearly important to the financial well being of the country.
If we consider that to be a national security issue, then we have
to ask why the national security apparatus is attempting to undermine
our security.
But if the doomsayers are right, this would not be the case.  Most
people will be willing to give up some Internet commerce if they believe
it is necessary to protect their children and maybe their society.
That is not even an unreasonable point of view.
I may be mistaken.  I have added "Disappearing Cryptography" to my list.
Still, my intuition says that it is quite hard to do stegonography for
many years and never tip your hand even once.
But you really don't need to prove it.  You just have to convince a judge
to issue a warrant for you to get the real evidence.  If you have to,
you'll train a dog to sniff stego.  (That was a joke by the way. ;-)
Are you concatenating these images by hand?  If so, the level of entropy
is probably low enough to recover the information through brute force
methods or you are hiding a very small amount of information.
If you are not doing it by hand, you own terrorist software and will pay
the price.
And, by the way, who are these friends?  Can any of them finger you in
exchange for a reduced sentence?
Incidentally, I hope nobody on this list believes they will be able
to practice cryptoanarchy in my scenario.  You are already suspects.
In the Four Horsemen scenario, where people are being murdered all the
time and the society is in a turmoil, popular support for the suppression
of strong cryptography would be easy to arrange.
In the Four Horsemen scenario, it is likely that most engineers would
be delighted to help put things to rights.
This is correct.  But these views would be change if we were facing
a terrible situation.  It isn't even clear that you would have to
tamper with free speech rights all that much to suppress strong
cryptography.  There would be a dramatic political risk that all rights
would disappear later, but after somebody you know gets killed
anonymously, you might be willing to chance it.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 19:20:18
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
I cannot speak for the GAK advocates.  However, you could establish a
system where messages between two countries are encoded with keys
which are made available to only the two countries in question.
A really simple scheme to do this would be for each country to publish
a public key.  You would be required to encrypt the key to the message
with the national public key.  That scheme would be fast to deploy.
In a more complicated and secure scheme, you would be given a public key
from each country that was unique for your communications same
time you were granted your international communications license.  The
unique public key would be managed by a small group of people.  This
means that if it was ever compromised, most message traffic would be
secure and those who were responsible would be easy to find.
The only way you are at the mercy of the Libyans is if you do business
in Libya.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 21:12:39
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Judge Patel Background 
Jim McCoy pointed me to an interesting book called "The Courage
of Their Convictions" by Peter Irons.  It just happens to
reference Judge Patel.
Fred Korematsu was a Japanese-American shipyard worker in the
early 1940s. His fiancee was Caucasian.  To stay with her, he evaded
the concentration camps for two months, but was caught and convicted
anyway.  His conviction was not reversed until 1983 in the court of one
Judge Patel.
Page 48, "After hearing lawyers on both sides, Judge Marilyn Patel
asked Fred Korematsu to address the court.  `As long as my record
stands in federal court,' he quietly stated, `any American citizen
can be held in prison or concentration camps without a trial or
hearing.'  Ruling from the bench, Judge Patel labeled the government's
position as `tantamount to a confession of error' and erased Fred's
conviction from the court's records."
(Judge Patel is presiding over Dan Bernstein's challenge to the ITAR.)
(Full reference: Irons, Peter "The Courage of Their Convictions:
Sixteen Americans Who Fought Their Way to the Supreme Court"
New York: Penguin Books, 1990  ISBN 0 14 01.2810 7)
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 23:06:45
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
The latest GAK proposal is not under discussion.  What is under discussion
is the policy options that are possible when there is strong public
support to suppress strong cryptography.  The Four Horsemen scenario
would likely generate such mass support, even among cypherpunks.
I am not convinced, but I am not expert in this area.
Yes, I am assuming that the Four Horsemen scenario would stimulate strong
public support for extraordinarily tough restrictions on crypto.
Yes, I doubt it would ever get to this point because cryptoanarchy will
be far less dramatic than many people believe.  It may cause dramatic
changes, but they will be subtle and gradual, like the Net's influence.
For instance, I don't think Ruby Ridge would ever have been an issue
raised in Congress if it hadn't been for the Internet.  This is a subtle
and positive change, but most people hardly noticed the effect of the Net.
The way in which the agenda is set has moved out of New York and Washington.
Strong cryptography promotes this because it enables people to discuss
issues which are important to them without fear of retribution.
I don't think that there will be a strong revolt against crypto.  From the
point of view of the GAKers that's a problem.  That is why they have to
act before the public discovers it's an asset, not a liability.
But, if the GAKers are right about the Four Horsemen scenario (which
I doubt they believe themselves) there would be great public support
for drastic measures and these measures could be quite effective.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 23:10:15
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
This could be financed by taxing routers, computers, modems, leased
lines, and the like.  The fraction of the total cost of communications
equipment would be minimal.
But, in the face of near unanimous belief that strong cryptography must
be stopped, this would not matter.  Most of the operators of this
equipment would be eager to help.
I'm not sure I entirely understand this, but I am as skeptical of
this as I am of reasonably high bandwidth stegonography operated
over several years.  I think this is a real hard problem, especially
if 100% accuracy is not required.
You are proposing a likely scenario: large numbers of people think there's
nothing wrong with a little encryption now and then.  But, that is not
the scenario I am discussing.  I am discussing the Four Horsemen scenario
where terrible things are enabled by the wide deployment of strong
Most of us would accept greater surveillance and some restrictions of
our liberties if we believed that our lives and fortunes were endangered.
In this environment, you might have a three month grace period for
people to change to legitimate tools.  Then the police would probably
practice a certain amount of discretion.  If they catch Mom or Pop
with a pre-ban crypto program, they'll bring them in and give them
a good talking to, and then let them go.
After a year or two you prosecute.  Mom and Pop will get with the program.
Violators will be seen as being quite irresponsible, regardless of age.
I strongly suspect that there are patterns in how sensors function
and in real tapes.  They may be subtle.  The government need not reveal
any particular knowledge of these patterns.  All they have to do is
set up a series of labs, each of which is expert in one kind of known
pattern.  When studying a suspect's communications - or tape - the
information gets passed through these labs.  If any of the labs flags
the data as suspicious, a search warrant is issued.  The prosecution
is then based on evidence that the search warrant turned up so the
stego need never be introduced into court.
There's no reason why we have to allow live tapes to cross borders
without some questioning and explanations.  Iran did this for many
years when they were trying to keep the Ayatollah's speeches out.
It didn't work, of course, but it did not have popular support, either.
My point is that the government can do whatever it needs to do if there
is strong public support.  If it is too expensive to decrypt even
GAK'ed communications, then it may be made illegal to encrypt anything.
I am inclined to think that even in the Four Horsemen scenario, the
government would prefer GAK'ed communications because it gives them
greater leverage.  People speak more freely when they think not everybody
can hear what they are saying.
Somebody brought up the Catholic church's custom of confessionals
a few weeks ago and suggested that it was a powerful political
tool.  (Sorry I can't remember who said this.)  I am sure this
is the case.  The priests don't even have to break their vows of
secrecy for this to be the case - they simply summarize the results.
Had the early Christian custom of public confessional been followed,
the Church would have had far less political power.  Of course, once
somebody has confessed deep secrets to you for years, they will be
reluctant to push their luck to far when opposing you.
There is no reason at all to assume that the government will get warrants.
For instance, maybe a warrant only applies to people and not to machines.
So, the court could decide - if it were so inclined - that it was not
a violation of the Bill of Rights to automatically scan messages for
suspicious looking material so long as the material itself was not
revealed without a warrant.  Then the results obtained could be used
to justify a warrant, reading of the material by human agents, and
the further issue of more warrants.  To make this convenient they could
even keep a judge in the basement.
No, GAK does not mean an end to digital commerce or an end to secure
business communications.  It just means that you have to register
with the government for a cryptography license which gives you a
unique public key to use to encrypt your keys for the government's
use.  If the license costs $1000 for ten years that should cover
the costs.  Companies which are terribly worried about compromise
of the government secret key could purchase many of them frequently
to reduce the damage.
(Earlier I said something about GAK harming Net commerce.  It does,
but not irreparably.  It delays its onset and increases its cost.)
GAK does not require anybody to pull the plug.  It could be implemented
as an add-on to PGP with extraordinary ease.  PGP (Tim knows this, this
is for others) currently encrypts the session key with the recipients
public key.  You would just have to extend this to also encrypt the
session key with the government key, maybe one you purchase for your
own communications.
If the Four Horsemen scenario were correct, then it is easy to envision
strong public support for the crime of practicing unlicensed cryptography.
If I believed that I might get shot if we didn't have such restrictions,
I would be might inclined to support such laws myself.
The Constitution can be amended, and Judges tend to be compliant when
there is a national consensus and when they want to make very sure that
nobody is using Assassination Politics to put them in the crosshairs.
Yes, I agree with this.  In many other countries they are going to be
simply too disorganized to outlaw strong crypto.  If the Four Horsemen
scenario is correct, these societies will dissolve into Hell.  Sad,
for them!  The USG may see this as positive in terms of its hegemonic
But, this does affect the American situation.  Strong border controls
would have to be in place to hamper efforts to bring troublesome
technologies here and to prevent the importation of assassins.
I also doubt that it will happen because it will turn out that
cryptoanarchy is basically a positive development.  Even in the Four
Horsemen scenario, I think it unlikely that vigilantism will be
necessary.  Neighbors will simply inform on their "nerdy" neighbors
and collect that $50,000 reward and feel they did good by doing it.
Search warrants will take care of the rest.
However, I could imagine vigilantism developing if unlicensed cryptography
became sufficiently unpopular.  Certain crimes are seen as so offensive
that many people would be delighted to take the law into their own hands.
There was a border incident during the Second World War between Switzerland
and Germany.  Switzerland ("The Little Porcupine", as the Germans would
have it) was attempting to stay out of the war.  Refugees from Germany
were returned if they were found.  This resulted in some ugly handoff
scenes at the border.  In one of them, an SS man (I believe) who was taking
custody of a family had the poor taste to throw a baby on the ground
as hard as he could.  The Swiss border guard expressed his disapproval
of the man's poor manners by shooting him dead on the spot.
This caused a major diplomatic crisis for Switzerland.
It is interesting to speculate on whether the Swiss border guard did
the right thing, but few people will fail to have a strong visceral
reaction in his favor.  People just don't like seeing children come
to harm.
If unlicensed cryptography were seen as an equivalently heinous crime, you
might well see vigilantism come into the picture.
I should point out that when I say "strong public support" I mean something
on the scale of how people feel about murder, not 51% of the voters.
The same thing is true of guns.  Sure, a majority of the people might
vote for gun control, but the gunnies feel so strongly about it and
are so stubborn and so well organized that it isn't really worth the
I think this is true, but only because it will be clear that the benefits
of GAK (if there are any) would clearly not be worth the effort.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-07 23:08:36
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
The U.S. would have to concede this point, and it would be a likely one
for it to concede.  The reasonable Schelling point for inter-governmental
relationships on this matter is for the each government to have access
to whatever communications it likes within its borders but that the
contents of communications between governments is shared.  This could
be set up exactly the same way tax treaties are set up now.
Technically, this is not hard to do.  For instance, I think PGP encrypts
messages for multiple recipients by encrypting the same session key
with each recipient's public key, and then attaching the same IDEA
encrypted ciphertext:
All GAK requires is that you also encrypt the session key with the
government's key:
For multiple government access to keys, you encrypt the session key
with the foreign government's key, too:
Yes, there is a problem with uncooperative foreign governments who
won't prosecute people who send in non-GAKed messages.  So, we simply
terminate communications with those countries.  It's something the
government wants to do anyway, so it's not a painful pill to swallow.
The scheme I described above does not require co-release of keys.
It may be the case that the USG is trying to pull a cypherpunk maneuver
on other less sophisticated governments.  That is, they are probably
telling the other governments, "You've got a real problem here.  You
will be overthrown if you don't get our help fast with our sophisticated
encryption technology!  And if you don't let us help, you'll lose most
favored nation status."  By the time other policy makers figure out the
implications of this, it will be too late.  Sad for them, but good
news for the U.S. consumer.
Nothing stops you from sending fully encrypted messages to Libya except
your fear of social disgrace and a long prison term.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 00:27:57
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
I agree.  It would be necessary to marshal widespread public support
to eliminate strong crypto.  If the Four Horsemen scenario is
available, this support would be available.
Sure, it's not really worth the effort.  How much effort will you
go to prevent your children from being kidnapped?
In the case of a largely compliant public, this isn't all that expensive.
This is a highly likely scenario.  But in the scenarios proposed by
the GAKers, even the privacy advocates would be reluctant to defend
Gee, I hope you don't have to send many messages if you have to travel
across the country to deliver them.  How will you operate an anonymous
business this way?  It doesn't sound like cryptoanarchy to mean.
I think people probably would put a stop to the madness.  But, under
the Four Horsemen scenario, most people, even Mr. Huge Cajones Remailer,
would not consider it to be madness.
This is interesting.  I would be quite interested to see real evidence
that various spook agencies have been foot dragging on the GAKers plans.
Yes, this is correct.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 00:28:03
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Perhaps initially, during the state of emergency declared by our heroic
and courageous President, some unfortunate abuses of authority may occur.
But, after the first 90% of the terrorists are incarcerated, we will
have the luxury of returning to an orderly legal system replete with
search warrants.
Keep in mind that the drug laws face a large number of dedicated
opponents who will go to great trouble to evade the laws.  I suspect
that these people are in the majority, although I don't know for sure.
I find it hard to believe that any sizeable number of people would
find the Four Horsemen scenario tolerable.
Sorry, I wasn't very clear.  What I mean is that once you've been
caught red handed with a stego program, the game is up.  That is, I think
it is possible to get ideas of who is operating illegally from interceptions.
(I may well be wrong.)  But, the actual evidence is easily collected
off your computer.  A program which performs encryption or stego is
not very ambiguous about what it is doing.
Under the right legal environment, and we are not far from it, none
of this matters.  The Courts can be quite liberal when they think there
is a good reason for it.  Take seating in restaurants.  If you read
the Constitution you won't find where the Federal Government is empowered
to regulate this.  The Courts decided that the Commerce Clause was
a reasonable justification.  This argument resembles the peace of God.
All the Justices have to say is that the Constitution does not specify
private speech, just public speech.  The same way it doesn't say
"assault rifle" it says "arms".  The same way it doesn't say "commercial
speech" just "speech".
The Constitution will likely be a powerful support for cryptoanarchy,
but only because I doubt widespread opposition to strong cryptography
will arise.
But we are not objecting to content!  We don't care what goes inside
the encryption - unless it involves extortion, murder, child pornography,
or weapons data - we care that communication has been limited.  Cryptography
is not a language because nobody can understand it but the recipient.
We simply want the recipient to share with the rest of the class - that
is an independent legal issue from persecution for one's beliefs which
is of course, and thankfully, unconstitutional your Honor.
Or how about this argument: It isn't the encrypted message that we
care about so much, your Honor.  We care that it is evidence that
the perpetrator did commit the illegal act of encrypting his
communications using military-grade technology which is now highly
When I say it doesn't really put an end to most legal customs, I mean
that the courts do not have to behave all that capriciously to make
the law stick.  For the most part people know how not to break the
law and the people who are convicted did break it.  Other speech
rights do not immediately dissolve away.  Yes, there is a risk that
they will do so later, but the police state is not required to suppress
cryptoanarchy if there is strong public sentiment supporting it.
Not in the presence of wide public support.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 00:28:08
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Truly, I am out of my depth.  But, I will plunge ahead nonetheless.
I think it is hard to show that a source is noise.  Using only the
signal itself, I believe it is impossible.  That means there may
be patterns which you cannot prove do not exist.  That is surely
less than ideal, especially if you are betting your life on it.
And there are all sorts of ways you can blow your cover.  Maybe
your traffic patterns are sort of odd.  Maybe you are up at odd
hours.  The weakness is stego does not have to be great before
you are put on the suspect list.  If cryptoanarchy is unpopular,
you are in big trouble because the government can afford to watch
you intensively.
What Tim May maintains may be more reasonable that what the Supreme
Court maintains.  But it's the Supreme Court that will rule.
We have laws which state, in essence, that certain large numbers
cannot be copied legally if they are related to copyrighted executables.
I think I am, too.  I don't subscribe to the Four Horsemen scenario.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 09:02:42
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Where will you keep your secret key?  Remember, when they go through your
house they bring 20 young graduates from MIT who are just dying to show
how clever they are and save the world at the same time.
The concept of noise is not all that well defined, however.  There is no
way to look at a signal and say "this is all noise."  Sometimes physical
theories may lead you to believe that it is all noise.  That is fine
for many applications, but when becomes less convinced of things if
the consequences are severe.
Can you elaborate on this?  I am curious to know exactly what you are going
to keep in your head and what goes on the disk.  Please post the Perl
code that you would type in from scratch every time.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 09:03:09
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
We often say that the government is a security weak point and that
this makes GAK impractical.  However, this is not true.  If the
holders of the government keys were individually responsible for
their release, they would not be released very often.  That is,
in order to use cryptography you must purchase an expensive
encryption license.  That pays the salary of a certified "key
escrow agent" who is the only person who can decrypt your messages.
What stops him from revealing your keys to unauthorized parties?
It's his business.  If that's not enough, you back it up with
criminal penalties for disclosure.  And, hiring this person is
no different from hiring an employee for your company.
There are already similar activities.  Lawyers are nominally employees
of the state.  Employees of Swiss banks can go to jail for violating
their secrecy laws.
I agree, if the software is popular.  But, if the fears of the GAKers
and the dreams of certain cypherpunks are real, such software will
not be popular.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 09:02:47
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Maybe we don't differentiate between traffic.  Maybe we work on
tempest attacks.  Think about this right now - do you know for
sure that nobody is lurking in a van down the road with eavesdropping
equipment?  Do you know for sure that nobody is renting a room
from one of your neighbors for all the equipment?
If cryptoanarchy is unpopular, once you are a suspect - and are
"guilty" - it is all over for your career as a cryptoanarchist.
What are the benefits of being a cryptoanarchist?  Maybe you get
to double your income.  Most people won't see this as worth the
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 09:02:55
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
At last some respect!  (I agree with your point.)
Yes, I think they are probably wrong.  But, not everybody shares our view.
Some people claim that we should not be allowed to communicate privately
because of the terrible things that would happen if cryptoanarchy were
to develop.  But, these people want to make it illegal now (a big hassle)
long before it is clear that we are going to have these problems.
Imagine for a moment that LSD was just invented.  Somebody then pointed
out that it was possible to randomly dose people without their knowledge.
The amounts required are virtually indetectible until it is too late.
This is certainly possible, but in practice it almost never happens.  I
can only think of one incident I have heard about where somebody took
a recreational drug involuntarily, and that was an accident.
A lot of the things we talk about are that way.  If they are not, it
is entirely possible to put a stop to them, should there be broad
popular support to do so.
I imagine the guilty will never figure out that a pre-emptive attack
on the innocent would be advisable.
Why don't you take an off-list poll of core cypherpunks and see how
many of them share your view?  I suspect not many.  If not even cypherpunks
are open to the idea, how many voters will be?
What happened to my "all due respect"? ;-)
Take a look at this essay by D. Denning:
Leaving aside Denning's snide (and evasive) remark about Tim, if her
assessment of cryptoanarchy is correct, that will become clear in
due time.  There is no reason at all to think that it cannot be
rolled back in the unlikely event that a disaster results.
I would comment parenthetically that Denning's understanding of
Jefferson is limited.  Jefferson once said he preferred a free
press to government.  Jefferson once said that he thought a revolution
every twenty years was healthy for a society.  Jefferson was an
accomplished mathematician.  Jefferson invented a pretty good cipher.
Jefferson was a cypherpunk to the marrow!
While I may not have paraphrased Denning and her (few) cohorts as
accurately as I would have liked, I think your question is better
directed towards them.
Presumably when Denning says "social disorder" she is not thinking of
disorderly relationships such as choosing your own job, or friends,
or spouse, or whatever.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 09:51:11
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
Yes, you've mostly got it.  I would quibble a little bit - if any of
the real bad things happens (id est, Assassination Politics) even many
of the members of this list will be calling for GAK.
Face-to-face communications in isolated environs does not a cryptoanarchy
I agree that they are unlikely to arise.  But, this raises a sticky
point for the GAKers - what's all the hurry?  Why don't we work with
the technology for awhile and see what develops before scurrying off
to outlaw it?
Here's what they cannot say: "We want to ban cryptography now because
it won't be that bad and people will want to use it."  Maybe that's
part of the classified debriefing that the Star Chamber gets to see.
Outlawing cryptography has some obvious problems.  It is expensive.
It impedes activities which are nearly universally seen as positive,
such as net commerce.  Combined with the increasing capability for
mass surveillance and computer assisted population management, it
has Orwellian implications.  Outlawing cryptography - at this time -
has a high political cost because there is so little justification
for it.  That means indecisive judges, indecisive politicians,
and an increasingly vocal pro-crypto movement.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 10:19:17
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
They also definitely value their safety.  Sure, right now there are
lots of people who think strong cryptography is a good idea.  If
the Four Horsemen scenario is correct, that will change very quickly.
The reason I used this as a counterpoint is that the premise of
my discussion is that it would be possible - maybe even easy -
to suppress the use of non-GAKed cryptography were it unpopular.
A commonly shared belief among GAKers and Cypherpunks is that strong
cryptography is a magic bullet.  It isn't.  If it's not obviously
a disaster, strong cryptography will be widely used.  But if it
is a disaster and requires GAK, that's a policy option we will always
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 11:52:57
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Excusing Judges for Knowing Too Much 
This issue has been discussed recently by a prominent author.
  "The men who murdered Virginia's [The city in Nevada. -- ph] original
twenty-six cemetary occupants were never punished.  Why?  Because
Alfred the Great, when he invented trial by jury, and knew that he
had admirably framed it to secure justice in his age of the world,
was not aware that in the nineteenth century the condition of things
would be so entirely changed that unless he rose from the grave and
altered the jury plan to meet the emergency, it would prove the most
ingenious and infallible agency for {\it defeating} justice that
human wisdom could contrive.  For how could he imagine that we
simpletons would go on using his jury plan after circumstances had
stripped it of its usefulness, any more than he could imagine that
we would go no using his candle clock after we had invented
chronometers?  In his day news could not travel fast, and hence he
could easily find a jury of honest, intelligent men who had not
heard of the case they were called to try - but in our day
of telegraph and newspapers his plan compels us to swear in juries
composed of fools and rascals, because the system rigidly excludes
honest men and men of brains.
  "I remember one of those sorrowful farces, in Virginia, which we
call a jury trial.  A noted desperado killed Mr. B, a good citizen,
in the most wanton an cold-blooded way.  Of course the papers were
full of it, and all men capable of reading read about it.  And of
course all men not deaf and dumb an idiotic talked about it.  A jury
list was made out, and Mrs. B. L., a prominent banker and a valued
citizen, was questioned precisely as he would have been questioned
in any court in America:
  "`Have you heard of this homicide?'
  "`Yes.'
  "`Have you held conversations on the subject?'
  "`Yes.'
  "`Have you formed or expressed opinions about it?'
  "`Yes.'
  "`Have you read newspaper accounts of it?'
  "`Yes.'
  "`We do not want you.'
  "A minister, intelligent, esteemed, and greatly respected; a merchant
of high character and known probity; a mining superintendent of
intelligence and unblemished reputation; a quartz-mill owner of excellent
standing, were all questioned in the same way, and all set aside.  Each
said the public talk and the newspaper reports had not so biased his
mind but that sworn testimony would overthrow his previously formed
opinions and enable him to render a verdict withou;t prejudice and in
accordance with the facts.  But of course such men could not be trusted
with the case.  Ignoramuses alone could mete out unsullied justice.
  "When the peremptory challenges were all exhausted, a jury of twelve
men was empaneled - a jury who swore they had neither heard, read,
talked about, nor expressed an opinion concerning a murder which the
very cattle in the corrals, the Indians in the sagebrush, and the stones
in the streets were cognizant of!  It was a jury composed of two
desperadoes, two low beerhouse politicians, three barkeepers, two
ranchers who could not read, and three dull, stupid, human donkeys!
It actually came out afterward that one of these latter thought that
incest and arson were the same thing.
  "The verdict rendered by this jury was, Not Guilty.  What else could
one expect?
  "The jury system puts a ban upon intelligence and honest, and a
premium upon ignorance, stupidity, and perjury.  It is a shame that
we must continue to use a worthless system because it was good a
{/it thousand} years ago.  In this age, when a gentleman of high
social standing, intelligence, and probity swears that the testimony
given under solmen oath will outweigh, with him, street talk and
newspaper reports based on mere hearsay, he is worth a hundred
jurymen who will swear to their own ignorance and stupidity, and
justice would be far safer in his hands than theirs.  Why could not
the jury law be so altered as to give men of brains and honesty an
equal chance with fools and miscreants?  Is it right to show the
present favoritism to one class of men and inflict a disability
on another, in a land whose boast is that all its citizens are
free and equal?  I am a candidate for the legislature.  I desire
to tamper with the jury law.  I wish to so alter it as to put a
premium on intelligence and character, and close the jury box against
idiots, blacklegs, and people who do not read newspapers.  But no
doubt I shall be defeated - every effort I make to save the country
`misses fire.'"
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 12:52:20
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
I could not agree with you more.
What I am working with is the hypothetical Four Horsemen scenario which
you have described above.  I am not endorsing that scenario.
If that were the outcome of cryptoanarchy, and some people think it will be,
would it be a manageable problem or would the technology just sort of get
away?  I believe it would be easily managed if there were broad public
support.  Jeremiah correctly pointed out that you don't need strong
cryptography to commit terrorist acts.  That just puts us where we
are today - not in a cryptoanarchy.
I don't think that strong cryptography helps terrorists much.  Let's
face it, biowarfare and sarin gas don't have anything to do with
cryptography, no matter how much the GAKers will try to show that
they do.  But, if I am wrong and for some reason the availability of
strong cryptography leads to these scenarios - as the GAKers say -
then there would be broad public support for the suppression of
strong cryptography.  This effort would be successful.  It would
not dramatically erode the structure of the Constitution or our
legal system in the short term.
The effect of strong cryptography and the Net is that it makes it
possible for people with common interests to find each other more
easily and to develop long distance relationships.  That's fine
when we are talking about scientists, mathematicians, or cypherpunks.
But, it also brings together people with less savory interests.
It's undesirable for serial killers to find each other and trade
notes on how to evade capture.  (I think this usually happens now
through the prison system.)
Strong cryptography makes it harder for governments to manage ideas
and relationships between people.  There are many implications of
this and I think they are almost entirely good.
The Constitution may not survive GAK in the long run.  If the world
were to stay in 1996 and we outlawed strong cryptography this would
not necessarily be the case.  But the world won't stay still.
Computer assisted population management technologies have been getting
more effective and cheaper all the time.  In the past it was hard to
give everybody unforgeable internal passports and ear tags.  In a GAKed
future that is unlikely to be the case.  Segments of the USG probably
have the doctrine worked out.
We've heard a lot about "the responsible use of cryptography" from
the GAKers.  In fact, it is highly irresponsible to propose GAK
at this time when there is no evidence whatsoever that it is needed.
These people may have moved beyond any concern with ideas such as
"responsibility."  Right now there is a tremendous opportunity to
the elites of the world to enslave everybody else.  Once you know
everywhere somebody goes, everything they read, and everybody they
talk about, you can manage their behavior quite effectively.  Only
a small number of people would be needed to tweak the "justice"
computers to punish indiscretions, such as meeting a cypherpunk
on the street.
Many people would be happy to enslave their fellow citizens if
it meant tremendous wealth, power, and prestige for themselves
and their children, possibly for a long time.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 14:20:44
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: A Disservice to Mr. Bell 
Many of us are guilty of a grave disservice to Mr. Bell.  I'm sure
that just about every reader of this list can only cringe when
messages such as the one above cross our screens.  ("He can't be
a paid provocateur - it would be too obvious!")
Not only is Mr. Bell apparently calling for the murder of a judge, he
is apparently calling for the murder of every justice on the Supreme
Court of the United States!
Now lots of folks are afraid that Mr. Bell's messages will be cited
as evidence that the Cypherpunks are a terrorist organization.
This does a grave disservice to Mr. Bell.  What Mr. Bell is really
doing, I think, is intentionally pushing the envelope of what is
considered to be free speech and nobly placing himself in the front
lines of cryptoanarchy.  So long as Mr. Bell can continue to
threaten the lives of our officials in the most public way without
molestation, it is safe to say that the rest of us are not going
to FBI summercamp.  (Canaries play a similar role for miners.)
Not only should we applaud his courage, but Mr. Bell's brilliance
in inventing and executing this strategy cannot go unnoticed.
Now, many of you have had some awfully hard words for Mr. Bell.  I am
sure we all regret them now that we fully understand Mr. Bell's
formerly puzzling actions.  I am going to have to ask you all to
do something very hard - apologize.  I will start:
Thank you Jim Bell for your brilliant and courageous contribution
to the Cypherpunks list!  I am sorry I ever claimed it was otherwise.
Peter Hendrickson
"Stop and grieve at the tomb of the dead Kroisos, slain by wild
Ares in the front rank of battle."
  - Attican cemetary monument, c. 540 B.C.

@_date: 1996-11-08 20:08:39
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: "Nightmare on Crypto Street, Part 1" 
Yes, in a pogrom situation, the Constitution is not much protection.
However, you can do quite a bit without straying far outside the
bounds of the Constitution.  Certainly without straying farther
than the Supreme Court has already done.
Random searches are probably not necessary and the procedure of issuing
search warrants need not change.  Instead of making the transmission
of encrypted messages illegal, encrypted messages become just cause
for a search of somebody's house for illegal cryptography software.
There is no prior restraint of free speech in this legal scenario.
What you make illegal is the possession and operation of cryptography
Consider this analogy: I get up on a podium and announce "I shot
the Sheriff."  I have a legal right to do this.  However, if somebody
did recently shoot the sheriff, it is also likely that my house
will be searched.
The degree to which the Constitution needs to be eroded is slight
if there is broad popular support for the measures.  The reason
for this is that the list of suspects will be short.  If the
list of suspects is short, you can go to some trouble to follow
Constitutional procedures with each one.
Witch hunts and random searches will occur if there is large minority
devoted to pursuing cryptoanarchy and a majority which is just as
strongly devoted to putting a stop to it.
It is not one hundred percent clear to me that the operation of
cryptographic software is speech.  The software certainly does
not add meaning to the messages you are sending.
Unfortunately, the term "free speech" is vague and confusing.  You
can broadcast any number you like, unless it happens to be the number
that corresponds to the Windows95 executable.  You can say anything
you like, but you can't say anything that is untrue about a private
person.  Where in the First Amendment is any distinction drawn between
public and private people?  Why am I allowed to say untrue things
about public figures?  And so on.
There are any number of ways to make the possession of cryptographic
software illegal.  For instance, the government could change the
patent laws to make cryptography patents have a 100 year term.  (This
will be done to promote cryptography. ;-)  Then, after the evils
of cryptography are "discovered" the government can nationalize the
software patents and beef up the penalties for patent violations.
I agree.  The reason we have to consider this "straw man" is that it
is considered to be a legitimate policy discussion amongst people at
the highest levels of our society.
I agree with this, too.  I think a lot of people have been sitting on
the fence waiting to see which way the crypto ball is going to bounce.
I think it's going to bounce towards cryptoanarchy.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-08 21:34:01
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
If people feel they have to go "underground" in order to protect
themselves, you will see near unanimous support for mandatory GAK.
This qualifies as a nightmare scenario for almost everybody, even
many of the readers of this list.
Universal traceability and identifiability is not necessarily a
consequence of GAK.  By universal I mean "available to everyone."
Were this to be a problem, the information would be confined to
"responsible" parties.  I think I can describe a way to do this in
nearly every scenario.  There is certainly no reason why driver's
license data need be on the Web.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-09 09:36:20
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: "Nightmare on Crypto Street--the Return of Sun Devil" 
I've created some confusion with my posts which have been less than
organized.  That's a consequence of making it up as you go along.  The
dialogue has helped me to refine my thinking.  (Thanks, guys!)
This is the rough structure of my thinking:
1. Hypothetically, let's say "Nightmare on Crypto Street" happens.
  1.1 We can't guarantee this will not happen, therefore it must
      be addressed.
  1.2 This is an unlikely scenario.
2. Thus, there would be broad public support for GAK.
  2.1 By broad, I mean even many former cypherpunks would recant.
3. Broad public support makes suppression of strong cryptography
   feasible.
  3.1 And, without dramatic short term erosion of the Constitution.
  3.2 Or, a short term break down in the rule of law.
  3.3 The number of violators would be small, so resources would
      be available to do hard things.
    3.3.1 Such as having 20 MIT grads go over your house with a fine
          toothed comb.
4. What are the motivations of the GAKers?
  4.1 They appear to want to suppress strong cryptography *before*
      we there is *any* evidence of a problem.
  4.2 That is unnecessary, because if 1. occurs, it may be addressed.
  4.3 It is as easier to impose GAK after 1. occurs, rather than
      before.
  4.2 Could it be that they want to prevent the public from discovering
      the benefits of cryptoanarchy?
  4.3 Why have the GAKers failed to address the risk of a police state?
      We've seen many police states historically.  They are an
      obvious and serious risk.  The GAKers have been oddly reticent
      regarding this point.
In the future I will try to make it more clear which area I am
I'm sure many cypherpunks feel we are just rehashing issues that were
settled long ago.  I think it never hurts to go over our assumptions
and help new people to fully understand cypherpunk ideas.
It never hurts to anticipate future moves by the GAKers, either,
even ones they haven't thought of yet.
These discussions generate ideas of how to effect the changes
we want to see.
For instance, if we develop low tech inexpensive and easy ways to
support cryptoanarchy, it makes it much harder to suppress.  The
difficulty in suppression may prevent ill-advised attempts to do so.
Also, the more we can erode the barriers between code and language,
the stronger the case is that laws governing code are violations of
the First Amendment.  What if you had a compiler that accepted English
language instructions for how to build a crypto system?  "Take a
random number 64 bits long.  Then find a prime which is a little
larger.  Then...."  The language itself should remain protected by the
First Amendment even if somebody else has a compiler which can turn it
into software.
Another conclusion we can draw is that cryptoanarchy is more of a
political issue than many of us would like.  That means we might put
more effort into public opinion than just straight coding.  (Tim may
claim otherwise, but I think he agrees with this in practice.)
It may also be that the "bad boy" image of the Cypherpunks is
counterproductive to our goals.
Many people do not know how strongly I feel that GAK is a terribly
risky policy, as I have been playing Devil's Advocate for the last
couple of days.  Given almost every situation that is likely to arise,
I am totally opposed to GAK, and not just mandatory GAK, any GAK
whatsoever.  For instance, were I given the choice between
intellectual property laws (off which I have made my living), and GAK,
I would seriously consider discarding the intellectual property laws.
It is that bad of an idea.
And, like just about everybody else, the idea that certain forms of
arithmetic could be illegal is deeply offensive in its own right.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-09 09:36:29
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
I think this is hard to do in practice.  I have tried.
(This goes under 3.1 or 3.2 of my outline, which you may not have received yet.)
My idea is that the lack of noise is used as evidence to get a search
warrant.  The search warrant is used to get the evidence to put you away
(This goes under 3.3 of the outline.)
The severe penalties and significant chance of capture will keep the number
of cryptoanarchists low.
Excellent point, especially since you don't have an encrypted virtual
disk.  Can anybody resolve this?
(Under 3.3)  I would have a hard time memorizing these programs.  This
pretty much guarantees that the number of cryptoanarchists will be small.
(I am deeply envious of your legal right to post this code, however.
Now, why was it that we broke away from the Mother Country?)
I would like to see a longer exposition of your approach.  Given
a hostile environment, how would I operate a small anonymous perl
coding service using your techniques?  Don't forget to tell me how
I get paid and when I get to spend my "ill-gotten" gains and how
nobody will notice that I am doing it.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-09 09:45:08
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Black Unicorn exposed? 
Black Unicorn recently stated that had taken measures to shield
his identity so that people would be unable to cause harm to
his professional activities by making unsubstantiated claims
that could scare off prospective clients.
It appears now that this protection has evaporated.  It will not
be very hard in the future to put this information together with
other statements people may make about Mr. Unicorn.
We are hardly operating in a hostile environment.  Yet, somebody
who has apparently gone to some effort to have an anonymous
identity has been exposed.  The implications of this are worth
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-10 07:42:34
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Black Unicorn exposed? 
Phew!  While this news leaves me looking foolish, I am relieved.
Now for my real question: Does the One True Cypherpunk really have
a black unicorn on his coat of arms?
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-10 07:42:43
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Legal Deffinition of Encryption? 
They way it will be forbidden is by outlawing the execution of the
algorithms.  The algorithms (the secure ones anyway) are well defined
as is executing them.  The legal system has dealt with greater
ambiguities than this.
An analogy to the drug laws might be useful.  We don't outlaw all drugs
that cause you to have weird visions and to act strangely.  That would
be hard to define and would cover a number of legal drugs.
Instead, the specific chemicals are forbidden as they are discovered.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-10 07:42:46
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Pseudo-law on the list and libel (fwd) 
I don't find the word "responsibility" in the First Amendment.
You and the courts may decide John has a responsibility to let other
people use his computer, but the source of this idea is not the
First Amendment.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-10 20:55:27
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: ideal secure personal computer system 
Watch out for the clipboard which appears to be stored as a file in
the system folder.  Unfortunately, it has to be a real file - aliases
not allowed.  This makes it harder to have a read only system folder
and, of course, every time you cut and paste something you leave a
ghost on the disk for an undefined length of time.  It's hard to
work on the Mac without using the clipboard.
I would love to know a workaround for this.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-11 20:45:03
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: "Messer im Kopf" 
"Messer im Kopf" is a German film made in 1978 which I highly
recommend.  Roughly translated its title is "Knife in the Head".  It
has relevance to many of the issues we have been discussing.
In the late 1970s Germany was in a limited state of turmoil due to
fears of "terrorist" (1) groups, particularly the Baader-Meinhoff
gang.  Around this time a curious incident occurred.  The German
government had had some success in apprehending some gang leaders.  In
response, the others hijacked a Lufthansa jet and demanded that the
government release their friends.  Four of the leaders of the gang
then died in prison.  The government declared these deaths to be
suicides, but considerable doubt surrounds this claim.  The government
certainly wanted to discourage further hijacking experiments.  The
elimination of the gang leaders would certainly have sent a strong
message.  The logic is compelling.  On the other hand, it is not
inconceivable that the deaths were suicides intended to discredit the
The Baader-Meinhoff gang popped up again in the late 1980s when they
were suspected of having murdered the banker Alfred Herrhausen.  (At
that time their name had changed, but I do not remember what it was.)
Their size was estimated to be about 20 active members with perhaps
3000 financial supporters. (2) Many other European trouble-making
groups of the 1970s were successfully penetrated and virtually
eliminated.  The Baader-Meinhoff gang stands out as one which
apparently solved this problem.  (It is interesting that infiltration
is the usual means of dealing with troublesome organizations.)
The motivations of the group are unclear to me.  It is widely assumed
in the media that they were (or are) communists, but I have seen it
suggested repeatedly that they were in fact sympathetic to the far
right.  (I haven't researched this.  I do not know how open this
question is.)
"Terrorist" groups are interesting in that they generally do not have
a known membership or location.  Certainly, this is germane to many
Cypherpunk discussions.
In the late 1970s the German government considerably extended its
surveillance and monitoring activities and was generally in a state of
alarm regarding terrorists.  Great effort was made to identify
everybody.  I can't say how much success they had in their stated
goals, but I would love to know as it relates to some of the ideas we
have been discussing.  I assume the "security" infrastructure is still
in place, which does not bode well for future German history.
The film is set in the late 1970s and addresses many of the issues
faced by Germans at that time.  The main character is a scientist who
is having marital troubles.  His life becomes more complicated when he
gets caught up in a scuffle the police are having with "suspected
terrorists".  He is shot - not knifed - in the head.  After a long
rehabilitation, he has no memory of what occurred.  Every other person
in the film attempts to use his ignorance for their own political or
personal ends.  More specifics would lessen your appreciation of the
More generally, you will see a portrayal of a society which is
disentegrating.  I found the police particularly alarming.  It is not
clear whether our own society is not on the same path.  Some will find
this heightens their interest.
The grimness of institutionalized behavior comes through very
strongly.  Nearly every character in the film is employed directly or
indirectly by the government.  The film itself was funded by the
German government.  Yet, it is surprisingly skeptical of the
government's role.
It should be noted that there are no real terrorists in the film.  The
police and the "suspected terrorists" are playing a game of "cops and
robbers" with the police holding the live ammunition.  Don't think
both sides don't both enjoy it!  This is perhaps the most worthwhile
aspect of the film.  While everybody else is playing games, the main
character is maimed, but the game goes on regardless.
Many of has have had long discussions involving the implications of
various technologies and how to effect the our kind of political
change in the world.  It is helpful to remember that real people are
involved.  The readers of this list are by no means the people who
would benefit most from this lesson.
"To win without fighting is best."  -- Sun Tzu(?)
That said, the film also gives a feeling for what it might be like to
operate in a hostile domestic environment.
The film is hard to get in the United States.  Last I heard, you could
rent it from a company in Chicago.  If there is sufficient interest,
it might be a good film for Cypherpunk Movie Night.  An invited
speaker who understands the film better than I do would be a
(1) These groups committed acts which are typically described as
"terrorist".  It is unclear what the term means.  When similar actions
are committed by established groups, the term "terrorism" is not
applied.  The term originated at the time of the French revolution
when some philosopher kings seized control of the government and
executed a number of VIPs.  The Economist published this excellent
article: (2) The IRA is said to have about 200 active members, which is an
indication of just how much trouble a small group of people can make
if they set their minds to it.
Disclaimer: Some of the facts above may be slightly wrong as I am
relying on memory.  The gist of the text should be correct.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-11 20:45:08
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Sifting data; looking for "strong crypto" 
It has been my experience that executable code compresses well, so there
is empirical evidence that you are right.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-11 20:49:41
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
9 words selected from a pool of 25,000 has an entropy of about
131 bits.  I could probably remember that.
Yes, if things go sour, I doubt many cypherpunks will be practicing
I am willing to accept that I can remember it.
You are beginning to convince me.
I am finding this all very persuasive, although I am still suspicious
of stegonagraphy.
It would be cool to have an exact specification and working machine.
This might even be easy enough to operate that non-technical people
could learn how to do it, which implies that there could be large
numbers of practicing cryptoanarchists.
What we need is an experiment.  Let's pick a country with a near
police state and design a system so that people in that country
can freely and securely communicate with each other and the outside
world with minimal chance of arrest.  Once the system is available,
we can see if it succeeds in the field.  I'll leave others to
suggest the target.
I still think the eventual payoff is a weak point, but it does make
me think that in order to stop cryptoanarchy, foreign travel and
foreign communication would have to be tightly controlled.  If
steganographic evidence is the only evidence that can be collected
(and RC4 is strong) then it would be necessary to give the authorities
great flexibility.  Which means that it is beginning to look more and
more like a bona fide police state as Tim suggested.
While payment is a weak point, there are many cryptoanarchic activities
that don't involve payment, such as participating in mailing lists,
which people may like to do even when their governments disapprove.
Anyway, you have certainly given me a lot to think about.  I still
have some doubts about safety from tempest attacks and the like,
but my basic claim that you can stop cryptoanarchy without full
deployment of a police state is looking weak to me right now.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-12 07:54:30
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Not. [Was Re: Federal Reserve Bank is ILLEGAL?] 
At 11:57 PM 11/11/1996, "Michael Froomkin - U.Miami School of Law"
During the Free Banking Era, banks and companies issued their own
dollars.  I believe that at that time the dollar was defined in
terms of a certain weight of gold.
The value of any dollar you might be holding was related to the
level of confidence in the institution that issued it.  Books were
published which recorded the "exchange rate" between each kind of
This is very similar to Congress licensing private mints.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-12 17:07:45
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
What do you do if you are operating a remailer and somebody complains
they are getting spammed?  That's easy, you keep a list of people that
you don't send mail to.  What's hard is if that person wants to receive
other anonymous mail.
The solution is easy: charge e-cash to send mail to certain addresses
and send the money to the owner of the account.  Never put an address
on a kill list, just raise the price of sending mail to it.  This
generates lots of positive publicity for your remailer.  People will
beg to be spammed!
And, since the remailer operator handles the financial parts of the
deal, the technically naive "victim" does not have to have specialized
knowledge or even an e-cash account.
This also eliminates the spam problem generally.  If you are plagued
by spam, create a list of names you will accept mail from.  When a
message comes in that is not on the list, return a message directing
them to send you the mail through a paying remailer.
This solves a problem for famous people, too.  They get lots of
mail but they don't have time to read it all.  How to sort it?  Raise
the price of sending a message.  (I heard that Arnold Schwarzeneggar
was once paid $1 million just to read a script and look at the set
of a movie with no obligation to act in it.)
Okay, now lets go to mailing lists.  We like to read anonymous mail
on this list, but we don't like getting spammed.  It's hard to filter
anonymous mail for obvious reasons.
The solution: don't accept anonymous mail.  Only people on the "approved"
list would be allowed to post.  People who wish to post anonymously
could then send mail through the paying remailer to people on the
"approved" list and request that their message be relayed.  Most people
on the list would be happy to accept a dollar or two to provide this
service.  This would eliminate inappropriate mail while allowing anybody
to post.
For that matter, postings to the list itself could be priced at, say,
a dollar to cut down on the noise levels.
Payments, and addresses which complicate payment, make it harder to
rely on the remailer network.  When you send a message through a
few remailers and make a faux pax on the last one, you won't know
what happened.  Did one of the remailers go down?  Did you make a
I think I know a solution to this one, too.  If somebody wants to
get error messages, they include a random 128 bit number with their
message.  This is a different number for each remailer in the chain.
When an error occurs, the remailer distributes an error message
with the number attached.
Error message distribution is pretty easy.  The remailer operator
could publish a web page with the errors.  Or, the messages could
be bundled and made available through anonymous ftp, or mailed to
an error message mailing list, or posted to a newsgroup.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-13 08:34:23
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: RE: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
I am curious which conspiracy you believe I am participating in, other
than the Great Cypherpunk Conspiracy, that is.
Keep in mind that nobody is forced to participate.
Many people would be happy to read spam mail at $1 a piece.  Assuming you
can scan at a very conservative 3 messages/minute, that's $180/hr. you
can make in the privacy of their own home.
Not enough for you?  Raise the rate.
One dollar is a nice schelling point.  That's why I chose it for my
example.  In practice the people involved are welcome to choose any
amount in any currency they like.
Absent highly intrusive global net monitoring techniques, that's what they
are going to have to do anyway.  E-mail is inexpensive.  The advertiser
can justify the expense even if generates a small number of leads.  Expect
more spam.
The alternative to filtering the mail in some way is to create Internet
licenses for every participant which may be revoked for infractions.
These licenses would have to be global.  Big Brother is Watching.
Advertisers do not have a monopoly on spam.  Many people - especially
women - complain about harrassing mail they receive.
How will you construct your "toll these entities" list yet accept mail from
any remailer?  Why will spammers not figure out remailers?
No, everybody's mail software would not have to be rewritten.  That was
the idea.  For instance, it would be easy for users of Unix systems to
use procmail to pre-filter their mail for whatever program they like.
Nota bene: the remailer operator is not offering to filter the users
"Free" is not always the best choice.  I would gladly pay $10/month to
receive the cypherpunks list if it meant that messages were delivered
immediately when sent.  (I believe these delays hamper the discussion.)
As it is, I can't complain because I am a recipient of John Gilmore's
I would be interested to hear more about your solution to this problem:
People spam other people who don't like spam but like to receive anonymous
I would prefer to see solutions in keeping with the Cypherpunks spirit;
that is, no use of force, no use of law, and no loss of anonymity will
be acceptable.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-14 10:18:11
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: RE: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
"Business you can do with anyone.  Yachting you can only do with
gentlemen." (roughly) -- J.P. Morgan
A public apology was hardly necessary, but it is certainly accepted! ;-)
While at first this may seem awkward, it's actually a feature because
the remailer operator handles the e-cash and cuts a check once in awhile.
This has the effect of converting a "victim" who hates remailers into
a person who loves spam and loves remailers.  This makes it harder to
outlaw anonymity or impose Dyson-style "limited" anonymity.  Plus, it's
just a good business practice.
And, for people who get their kicks out of spamming people they don't like
it must be galling to have to pay their "victim" money for the privilege!
Once again, I seem to have combined several ideas in a confusing way.
Initially, I was talking about how a remailer operator would solve his
problem of people abusing the remailer and creating enemies for him
and for remailers in general.  I think it is clear that this solves
the problem.
Once such a feature is in existence, how else could it be used?
That's what the rest of my message was really about.
This assumes that spam has gotten so bad that everybody filters their
mail and only accepts mail on the "accept" list.  People sending mail
directly to your account would get a message back saying that they had
to get on the "free" list or send their mail through one of the approved
It is much easier to let the remailer operator hassle with the cash.
Mail software which handles e-cash well is going to take awhile and it
introduces a lot of very real security issues.
Filtering is already widely available in mail programs.  And, it can
be front ended to anything with procmail.
I don't think you'd necessarily want to route all of your mail through
the post office, just mail which isn't on your "free" list.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-14 14:41:51
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: RE: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
People complain all the time about advertising spam.
People have been maliciously spamming other people since the beginning
of time.  (The epoch here is the birth of the Net.)
The problem has arrived.  Right now it is merely irritating, but we
have already seen calls for more control and more legislation.  In my
view, that would be a disaster.  Let's head it off at the pass.
This may sound like a quibble, but it really isn't: I am not talking about
a global scale at all.  A very small group of people can make use of
this technology successfully.  It doesn't matter whether everybody in
the world uses it or just people who are tired of spam - it still works.
You only need one remailer operator to do this and it will be fully
I was probably a little quick on the keys.  Charging to send to a mailing
list does not solve the spam problem.  Why?  Because it is worth a dollar
to send an advertisement to 3000 people.  What it does do is cut down
on "me too" posts and encourage people to make the best use of the
bandwidth they are paying for.  It would be easy for a remailer operator
to do this if mail were accepted only from the "paying" remailer.
However, if you restrict postings to an approved group of people, perhaps
everybody on the mailing list, you can eliminate spam.  How, then, do we
allow anonymous postings to come through?  Individual people on the list
can receive the proposed post and forward it to the list if it is
appropriate.  They could even charge a fee for doing it.  That's easy to
do if there is a "paying" remailer which will handle the money for them.
I assumed untraceable cash transactions for small amounts were available.
E-cash, the product licensed by Digicash, offers full payee anonymity and
would be an ideal candidate.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-14 15:14:13
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Playing Cards 
A number of us have been concerned about how PGP generates entropy.
Striking the keyboard beats using time as a source of random numbers,
but the degree of entropy is not well understood.  Are there machines
where - for some reason - the keyboard strikes fall into some sort
of pattern?
And that's just when you are generating your public/private key pair.
What happens when you are just generating 128-bit keys for individual
messages?  Where is the entropy coming from?  I don't understand
completely, but somehow PGP collects entropy from the system and then
runs it into IDEA and then uses the numbers from the output.  When the
program is not running, a pool of this data is kept in randseed.bin.
We already know it's a problem because it is hard to understand what
it is even doing, much less determine if it is consistent with sound
engineering practice.
This problem is certainly not confined to PGP.  A lot of people have
worked hard to make computers deterministic.  What do you do when you
need entropy?
Yes, you can buy a chip which generates random numbers at nearly any
bandwidth you like.  But, right there you have a problem.  How do you
know the output is really random?  The answer is that you do not.
Playing cards are a nice source of randomness because they are widely
available and their behavior has been under study for a long time by
people with strong financial reasons for finding flaws.  I slightly
prefer cards to dice because dice may be slightly predictable or even
It would be nice if cryptography software would allow you to enter
randomly selected playing cards from time to time to increase the
entropy of keys.  Careful people (Black Unicorn?) would enter the
cards prior to sending each message.
A well shuffled deck of 54 cards has about 237 bits of entropy.  This
is easy to use: the program asks the order of the cards, converts this
to a string, and runs it through a one-way hash.  (Entering the cards
is a bit of a nuisance.  Is there an easy way to have them read
The Economist reports that seven riffle shuffles bring a deck "very
close to being random".  ("Science and Technology: How to win at poker
and other science lessons" The Economist, October 12, 1996, pp:88-89.)
Cards have other uses.  You can assign a (large) number to each
configuration of the deck.  This allows you to use a deck of cards to
represent numbers.  That is certainly convenient for generating large
random numbers.  I have included some Lisp code below which converts
both ways between shuffled decks of cards and unique numbers.
This could be quite useful for strong steganography.  Let's say you
have 230 bits you want to deliver across a border.  It is unlikely
that anybody will study a deck of cards very carefully.  Of course,
you need not limit yourself to cards.  Any set of objects which can be
ordered will do the trick.  For instance, a shelf with 100 books may
be used to store 524 bits.  One thousand books may store 8529 bits.
How many bits can you store in that database which is in apparently
random order?
You can hide your data in two decks.  There is a natural order to
cards: pick your favorite ordering of the suits and then do the rest
numerically.  However, if you shuffle one deck of cards and lay them
in a row, you could use that ordering to define the mapping of the
second deck of cards to numbers.  The Enemy may seize one deck or the
other, but without both, the number will not be revealed.  While I
hesitate to use the term, this is a one-time pad.  The first deck can
be thought of as the key and the second deck is the message.
How the Lisp Code Works
Let's use as an example a deck of five cards numbered from 0 to 4.
There are 5! = 120 combinations of these cards.  We can think
of each card as a "digit" in a slightly odd numbering system.
In decimal arithmetic, we have columns whose value increments by 10^0,
10^1, 10^2, etc.  In our numbering system of five cards, columns
increment by 0, 1, 2!, 3!, and 4!.
Consider the card sequence of (4 3 2 1 0).  We wish to compute the
value stored in the leftmost column.  Since there are five choices of
cards, this divides the number of possible combinations into five
pieces of 4! combinations each.  So, in this example, the value in the
first column will be 4*4! = 96.  This leaves us with cards (3 2 1 0).
We can look at this as a smaller number represented by a deck of four
cards.  This smaller number is added later to the larger number to get
the final total number for our original deck.  The first column of our
smaller deck is 3*3! = 18.  The next one is 2*2! = 4, the one after
that is 1*1! = 1, and the last card never matters because there is
only one card to choose (0*0!).  The total is 96 + 18 + 4 + 1 = 119.
This is the highest number we can represent with a deck of five
Consider the card sequence (0 1 2 3 4).  This is the smallest value we
can represent, 0.  The value of the first column is 0*4! = 0.  This
leaves us with (1 2 3 4).  But what has happened here?  We can't treat
this as a normal smaller deck because it is missing a card.  Besides,
1*1! = 1, which is not the zero we expected.  We must renumber the
cards so that it is a reasonable deck again.  The sequence of cards we
should really be looking at is (0 1 2 3).  This means the value of the
next column should be 0*3!.  Then we renumber the deck and continue
until we run out of cards.  The answer is 0.
For an exercise, what is the value of (4 2 1 3 0)? (Answer at end.)
Now, how do we construct the deck given only the number defining its
combination?  The code below is recursive.  It computes the first
digit and then calls itself to recursively find the remaining cards.
The cards returned are always an internally consistent deck of cards;
that is, if sorted they will be consecutively numbered starting from
0.  When a new card is inserted, the cards have to be renumbered to
accomodate the new one by incrementing every card which has the same
or greater face value as the card being inserted.  (Insertion is
slightly misleading here because you place the card at the head of the
list.  Insertion refers to the conceptual process of inserting the
card into the pre-existing order and adjusting the other values to
allow it.)
In other languages, this might be a little more complicated to
implement.  Lisp provides a nice bignum package and also (I believe) a
compiler which knows how to convert the recursive routines below into
iterative routines.  This code performs quite well even on a small
slow machine.
;;;-*- Mode: Lisp; Package: COMMON-LISP-USER -*-
(defun compute-combination-number (cards)
  "Converts list of numbered cards into a unique number representing
their order."
  (cond ((> (length cards) 1)
         (+ (* (car cards)
               (factorial (1- (length cards))))
            (compute-combination-number (renumber-cards cards))))
        (t 0)))
(defun renumber-cards (cards)
  "Removes lead card from deck, decrements higher numbered cards
by one so there are no gaps."
  (let ((renumbered-cards-reversed)
        (lead-card (car cards)))
    (dolist (card (cdr cards))
      (cond ((> card lead-card)
             (push (1- card) renumbered-cards-reversed))
            (t
             (push card renumbered-cards-reversed))))
    (reverse renumbered-cards-reversed)))
(defun reconstruct-deck (combination-number deck-size)
  "Converts unique number representing order of a deck of cards
and returns a list of numbers representing the deck."
  (cond ((not (<= deck-size 1))
         (multiple-value-bind (digit remaining-combination-number)
                              (floor combination-number
                                     (factorial (1- deck-size)))
           (insert-card digit (reconstruct-deck
                               remaining-combination-number
                               (1- deck-size)))))
        (t (list 0))))
(defun insert-card (new-card card-list)
  "Inserts a card into a deck, increasing by one every card which
is of higher or equal number so there are no duplicate cards."
  (let ((new-deck-reversed))
    (push new-card new-deck-reversed)
    (dolist (card card-list)
      (cond ((>= card new-card)
             (push (1+ card) new-deck-reversed))
            (t
             (push card new-deck-reversed))))
    (reverse new-deck-reversed)))
(defun factorial (number)
  (cond ((or (= number 1) (= number 0)) 1)
        (t (* number (factorial (1- number))))))
;;; Testing routines
(defun shuffle-deck (deck-size)
  (randomize-list (build-card-list deck-size)))
(defun randomize-list (some-list)
  (do ((randomized-list nil))
      ((null some-list) randomized-list)
    (let ((item-number (random (length some-list))))
      (push (elt some-list item-number)
            randomized-list)
      (setf some-list
            (remove (elt some-list item-number) some-list)))))
(defun build-card-list (deck-size)
  "Returns a list of consecutive numbers representing a deck of
  (do ((card-list nil)
       (count 0 (1+ count)))
      ((= deck-size count) card-list)
    (push count card-list)))
(defun identicalp (list-one list-two)
  "Returns non-nil if the two lists are identical."
  (eval (cons 'and (map 'list  list-one list-two))))
(defun exhaustively-test-card-combinations (deck-size)
  "Verifies that the correct deck is reconstructed from the unique
order number for every combination of a small deck of cards."
  (let ((combinations (factorial deck-size)))
    (do ((combo-number 0 (1+ combo-number)))
        ((= combinations combo-number) t)
      (cond ((not (= (compute-combination-number
                      (reconstruct-deck combo-number deck-size))
                     combo-number))
             (warn "Test failed for ~D" combo-number))))))
(defun test-one-deck (deck-size)
  "Shuffles a deck of cards and verifies that it may be reconstructed
from the unique number representing its order."
  (let* ((original-deck (shuffle-deck deck-size))
         (reconstructed-deck (reconstruct-deck
                              (compute-combination-number original-deck)
                              deck-size)))
    (cond ((not (identicalp original-deck reconstructed-deck))
           (warn "Test failed for ~A" original-deck)))))
(defun test-many-decks (trials max-deck-size)
  "Shuffles trials decks of maximum size max-deck-size and verifies
that their order may be reconstructed from the unique number we compute."
  (do ((trial-number 0 (1+ trial-number)))
      ((= trials trial-number) t)
    (test-one-deck (1+ (random max-deck-size)))))
(defun complete-combination-test ()
  "Good test of all the card combination routines."
  (format t "Performing exhaustive test.~%")
  (exhaustively-test-card-combinations 6)
  (format t "Performing random test on large decks.~%")
  (test-many-decks 10 100))
;; (Exercise Answer: (4 2 1 3 0) = 111)

@_date: 1996-11-14 15:44:26
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Remailer Pricing 
It looks like I wasn't perfectly clear again.  Sorry about that.  The user
does not tell anybody whether or not the mail has been read.  In fact,
it's nobody's business but their own.  This is the advertiser's problem,
and I don't really care whether they solve it.  In fact, the user does
not have to put the remailer on the accept list.  He or she just has
to tell the remailer operator that they would like to receive a dollar
(or whatever) if the remailer operator sends them any mail.
Perhaps we've been thinking about anonymous mail the wrong way.  Is it
like the U.S. Post Office where you have to physically go someplace,
buy a stamp, physically write your message, put it in a physical envelope,
carry it to a box someplace, and then wait (maybe four days) for it to
arrive, all for "only" 32 cents?  Or is it more like Federal Express
where you pay 20 bucks and it arrives the next day, for sure, every time?
Earlier today somebody sent a message about his scary former employers
and (apparently) how they just kill people.  Would that person pay, say,
$5 to have the message delivered reliably and very anonymously?  My
judgement is that it would be worth every penny, and probably more.
Right now the remailer network is a mess.  There just aren't that many
remailers operating in a timely and reliable manner.  I am not knocking
the remailer operators for this, it's just clear that "free" doesn't
make it worth their while to keep the remailers operating perfectly
at all times.
It is especially important that anonymous mail be delivered in a timely
and reliable manner because you probably will not have a good way to
verify that it arrived.  And reliability is absolutely required if
you are chaining remailers because errors multiply.  The top five
remailers in Raph's latest report had these reliabilities: 99.77%,
99.28%, 99.23%, 99.18%, and 98.78%.  If you chain those remailers, your
failure rate is 3.71%, which is just too high.
And, the long delays in sending messages through the remailers make it
hard for people to get up and running because it takes hours to determine
whether it worked, if it worked at all.
Furthermore, many remailers don't use 2048-bit keys.  Why not?  Because
they don't want to spend money on the cycles.  That's okay with me -
it's charity.  But, if I pay a dollar for a remailer, I can expect
to be able to use a very strong key.
A good pricing strategy for remailers would be to charge, say, $1 for
instant delivery, $.50 for 30 minute delivery, etc.  To generate
interest, 4 hour delays could be imposed for free remailing, if the
resources are available.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-14 21:36:00
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Members of Parliament Problem 
I read awhile ago that certain members of Parliament do not speak
their mind regarding the situation in Northern Ireland.  The reason
they give is that they have children and they fear the IRA.
There are times when one wishes to speak anonymously, yet speak
as a member of a group.
Is there a way to take published public keys and combine them with
your own in such a way that your identity is not compromised, but
it is clear beyond a doubt that you control one of a set of public
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-15 07:12:59
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: [POLITICS] Re: Members of Parliament Problem 
Please allow me to respectfully disagree.
Let's consider another issue: recreational drugs.  We can be pretty
sure that a sizeable number of Congressmen use marijuana and see
no reason for it to be illegal.  Yet, to speak about it would be
understood to be political suicide with possible legal repercussions.
Were Congressmen able to speak anonymously, such an issue could be
discussed.  It is more likely that good policy results from discussion.
Or, consider homosexuality.  We can be pretty sure that a significant
number of Congressmen are homosexual.  Yet, to discuss it would be,
for many, political suicide.  Many other Congressmen support
anti-discrimination laws for homosexuals, but are afraid to discuss
Or, consider spending bills.  The Congress is spending our money
for us faster than they can collect it.  Nobody seems to really want
this to be happening, but they can't help it.  Discussion of the
issue may require alienating certain constituents or stating unpleasant
truths which would affect a Congressman's relationship with other
Congressmen.  Speaking anonymously would allow Congressmen to simply
speak the truth without fear of retribution, just like anyone else.
If a small group of people are upset enough to kill somebody for what
they say, I have difficulty immediately describing them as oppressed.
I am making no statement regarding any particular group.
What is more, I believe that political leaders should be subjected to
the same laws as everyone else.  Like many on this list, I do not
believe the citizens have any sort of responsibility to speak
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-15 07:16:12
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Members of Parliament Problem 
I'll have to research this.  Thank you for the idea.
What I would really like to see is a way in which the "shields" are
not required to participate at all, other than by publishing their
public key.  If terrorists are involved, they may not wish to be on
the suspect list.
I've been toying with schemes that multiply the Ns from everybody's
public key to create a new semi-anonymous public key.  The only
problem is that in each case either identity is revealed or the
person seeking semi-anonymously reveals their secret key.  So,
I am not quite there.  ;-)
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-15 07:22:25
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Playing Cards 
(My apologies to those who are seeing this twice.  I sent it
yesterday but it does not seem to have made it through.)
A number of us have been concerned about how PGP generates entropy.
Striking the keyboard beats using time as a source of random numbers,
but the degree of entropy is not well understood.  Are there machines
where - for some reason - the keyboard strikes fall into some sort
of pattern?
And that's just when you are generating your public/private key pair.
What happens when you are just generating 128-bit keys for individual
messages?  Where is the entropy coming from?  I don't understand
completely, but somehow PGP collects entropy from the system and then
runs it into IDEA and then uses the numbers from the output.  When the
program is not running, a pool of this data is kept in randseed.bin.
We already know it's a problem because it is hard to understand what
it is even doing, much less determine if it is consistent with sound
engineering practice.
This problem is certainly not confined to PGP.  A lot of people have
worked hard to make computers deterministic.  What do you do when you
need entropy?
Yes, you can buy a chip which generates random numbers at nearly any
bandwidth you like.  But, right there you have a problem.  How do you
know the output is really random?  The answer is that you do not.
Playing cards are a nice source of randomness because they are widely
available and their behavior has been under study for a long time by
people with strong financial reasons for finding flaws.  I slightly
prefer cards to dice because dice may be slightly predictable or even
It would be nice if cryptography software would allow you to enter
randomly selected playing cards from time to time to increase the
entropy of keys.  Careful people (Black Unicorn?) would enter the
cards prior to sending each message.
A well shuffled deck of 54 cards has about 237 bits of entropy.  This
is easy to use: the program asks the order of the cards, converts this
to a string, and runs it through a one-way hash.  (Entering the cards
is a bit of a nuisance.  Is there an easy way to have them read
The Economist reports that seven riffle shuffles bring a deck "very
close to being random".  ("Science and Technology: How to win at poker
and other science lessons" The Economist, October 12, 1996, pp:88-89.)
Cards have other uses.  You can assign a (large) number to each
configuration of the deck.  This allows you to use a deck of cards to
represent numbers.  That is certainly convenient for generating large
random numbers.  I have included some Lisp code below which converts
both ways between shuffled decks of cards and unique numbers.
This could be quite useful for strong steganography.  Let's say you
have 230 bits you want to deliver across a border.  It is unlikely
that anybody will study a deck of cards very carefully.  Of course,
you need not limit yourself to cards.  Any set of objects which can be
ordered will do the trick.  For instance, a shelf with 100 books may
be used to store 524 bits.  One thousand books may store 8529 bits.
How many bits can you store in that database which is in apparently
random order?
You can hide your data in two decks.  There is a natural order to
cards: pick your favorite ordering of the suits and then do the rest
numerically.  However, if you shuffle one deck of cards and lay them
in a row, you could use that ordering to define the mapping of the
second deck of cards to numbers.  The Enemy may seize one deck or the
other, but without both, the number will not be revealed.  While I
hesitate to use the term, this is a one-time pad.  The first deck can
be thought of as the key and the second deck is the message.
How the Lisp Code Works
Let's use as an example a deck of five cards numbered from 0 to 4.
There are 5! = 120 combinations of these cards.  We can think
of each card as a "digit" in a slightly odd numbering system.
In decimal arithmetic, we have columns whose value increments by 10^0,
10^1, 10^2, etc.  In our numbering system of five cards, columns
increment by 0, 1, 2!, 3!, and 4!.
Consider the card sequence of (4 3 2 1 0).  We wish to compute the
value stored in the leftmost column.  Since there are five choices of
cards, this divides the number of possible combinations into five
pieces of 4! combinations each.  So, in this example, the value in the
first column will be 4*4! = 96.  This leaves us with cards (3 2 1 0).
We can look at this as a smaller number represented by a deck of four
cards.  This smaller number is added later to the larger number to get
the final total number for our original deck.  The first column of our
smaller deck is 3*3! = 18.  The next one is 2*2! = 4, the one after
that is 1*1! = 1, and the last card never matters because there is
only one card to choose (0*0!).  The total is 96 + 18 + 4 + 1 = 119.
This is the highest number we can represent with a deck of five
Consider the card sequence (0 1 2 3 4).  This is the smallest value we
can represent, 0.  The value of the first column is 0*4! = 0.  This
leaves us with (1 2 3 4).  But what has happened here?  We can't treat
this as a normal smaller deck because it is missing a card.  Besides,
1*1! = 1, which is not the zero we expected.  We must renumber the
cards so that it is a reasonable deck again.  The sequence of cards we
should really be looking at is (0 1 2 3).  This means the value of the
next column should be 0*3!.  Then we renumber the deck and continue
until we run out of cards.  The answer is 0.
For an exercise, what is the value of (4 2 1 3 0)? (Answer at end.)
Now, how do we construct the deck given only the number defining its
combination?  The code below is recursive.  It computes the first
digit and then calls itself to recursively find the remaining cards.
The cards returned are always an internally consistent deck of cards;
that is, if sorted they will be consecutively numbered starting from
0.  When a new card is inserted, the cards have to be renumbered to
accomodate the new one by incrementing every card which has the same
or greater face value as the card being inserted.  (Insertion is
slightly misleading here because you place the card at the head of the
list.  Insertion refers to the conceptual process of inserting the
card into the pre-existing order and adjusting the other values to
allow it.)
In other languages, this might be a little more complicated to
implement.  Lisp provides a nice bignum package and also (I believe) a
compiler which knows how to convert the recursive routines below into
iterative routines.  This code performs quite well even on a small
slow machine.
;;;-*- Mode: Lisp; Package: COMMON-LISP-USER -*-
(defun compute-combination-number (cards)
  "Converts list of numbered cards into a unique number representing
their order."
  (cond ((> (length cards) 1)
         (+ (* (car cards)
               (factorial (1- (length cards))))
            (compute-combination-number (renumber-cards cards))))
        (t 0)))
(defun renumber-cards (cards)
  "Removes lead card from deck, decrements higher numbered cards
by one so there are no gaps."
  (let ((renumbered-cards-reversed)
        (lead-card (car cards)))
    (dolist (card (cdr cards))
      (cond ((> card lead-card)
             (push (1- card) renumbered-cards-reversed))
            (t
             (push card renumbered-cards-reversed))))
    (reverse renumbered-cards-reversed)))
(defun reconstruct-deck (combination-number deck-size)
  "Converts unique number representing order of a deck of cards
and returns a list of numbers representing the deck."
  (cond ((not (<= deck-size 1))
         (multiple-value-bind (digit remaining-combination-number)
                              (floor combination-number
                                     (factorial (1- deck-size)))
           (insert-card digit (reconstruct-deck
                               remaining-combination-number
                               (1- deck-size)))))
        (t (list 0))))
(defun insert-card (new-card card-list)
  "Inserts a card into a deck, increasing by one every card which
is of higher or equal number so there are no duplicate cards."
  (let ((new-deck-reversed))
    (push new-card new-deck-reversed)
    (dolist (card card-list)
      (cond ((>= card new-card)
             (push (1+ card) new-deck-reversed))
            (t
             (push card new-deck-reversed))))
    (reverse new-deck-reversed)))
(defun factorial (number)
  (cond ((or (= number 1) (= number 0)) 1)
        (t (* number (factorial (1- number))))))
;;; Testing routines
(defun shuffle-deck (deck-size)
  (randomize-list (build-card-list deck-size)))
(defun randomize-list (some-list)
  (do ((randomized-list nil))
      ((null some-list) randomized-list)
    (let ((item-number (random (length some-list))))
      (push (elt some-list item-number)
            randomized-list)
      (setf some-list
            (remove (elt some-list item-number) some-list)))))
(defun build-card-list (deck-size)
  "Returns a list of consecutive numbers representing a deck of
  (do ((card-list nil)
       (count 0 (1+ count)))
      ((= deck-size count) card-list)
    (push count card-list)))
(defun identicalp (list-one list-two)
  "Returns non-nil if the two lists are identical."
  (eval (cons 'and (map 'list  list-one list-two))))
(defun exhaustively-test-card-combinations (deck-size)
  "Verifies that the correct deck is reconstructed from the unique
order number for every combination of a small deck of cards."
  (let ((combinations (factorial deck-size)))
    (do ((combo-number 0 (1+ combo-number)))
        ((= combinations combo-number) t)
      (cond ((not (= (compute-combination-number
                      (reconstruct-deck combo-number deck-size))
                     combo-number))
             (warn "Test failed for ~D" combo-number))))))
(defun test-one-deck (deck-size)
  "Shuffles a deck of cards and verifies that it may be reconstructed
from the unique number representing its order."
  (let* ((original-deck (shuffle-deck deck-size))
         (reconstructed-deck (reconstruct-deck
                              (compute-combination-number original-deck)
                              deck-size)))
    (cond ((not (identicalp original-deck reconstructed-deck))
           (warn "Test failed for ~A" original-deck)))))
(defun test-many-decks (trials max-deck-size)
  "Shuffles trials decks of maximum size max-deck-size and verifies
that their order may be reconstructed from the unique number we compute."
  (do ((trial-number 0 (1+ trial-number)))
      ((= trials trial-number) t)
    (test-one-deck (1+ (random max-deck-size)))))
(defun complete-combination-test ()
  "Good test of all the card combination routines."
  (format t "Performing exhaustive test.~%")
  (exhaustively-test-card-combinations 6)
  (format t "Performing random test on large decks.~%")
  (test-many-decks 10 100))
;; (Exercise Answer: (4 2 1 3 0) = 111)

@_date: 1996-11-15 14:06:37
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Why is cryptoanarchy irreversible? 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
                                                      ^^^^^^^^
Guess Safire hits the Cypherpunks list when he needs material!

@_date: 1996-11-15 21:50:42
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Playing Cards 
I, for one, am dying of curiousity.  When I asked him about it, he said
he would disclose it "soon".

@_date: 1996-11-15 21:52:28
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: [POLITICS] Re: Members of Parliament Problem 
I may have misunderstood you, but when you suggested "disallowing"
Congressmen to use anonymity, it did not sound consensual.  Even
blood sucking parasites should be allowed to benefit from
I for one, would be most interested in what Congressmen would have
to say if they knew their words could in no way be traced back to
them.  I suspect that there are a lot of basketcases in Congress
and that this would become clear from the horrible things they would
have to say when they were sure nobody was looking.

@_date: 1996-11-16 13:29:56
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
Yes, this is the part of my proposal with which I felt least comfortable.
Actually, not to flog a dead horse or anything, this is a perfect
application for semi-anonymous authentication.  Anybody on the list
could forward the mail, but nobody need know exactly who sent it.
Well, there are ways to do this.  For instance, you can send it
to a bunch of other people anonymously at, say, a dollar each.
It will get around quickly, albeit at greater inconvenience and
a higher cost.  But, for something this important that would be
Except most people don't have e-cash accounts, software that handles
e-cash, or the interest in keeping a site which is secure enough
to handle e-cash.  This is the feature of having the remailer operator
deal with it.  The technology can be introduced to the existing
system with minimal hassle and cost.  All you need is one remailer
operator to do it.
Incidentally, a similar idea can be used to handle flooding attacks
on remailers.  A bad person could take down a remailer by directing
many encrypted packets to it that did not contain any payment.  This
is hard to solve, of course, because the mail all comes from other
The solution is for the remailer itself to not accept mail from
other machines that do not pay.  The other remailers in the network
make a payment themselves (out of money they already received)
to make it worthwhile for the remailer to look inside the message
and see if there is even more business.
Does anybody know if military communications systems ever
take this approach?  I know that a highly redundant network is
used when any part of it can be taken out.  What is awkward about
this is that everybody wants to send messages at the very same
time the bandwidth is attenuated; i.e., during battle.
I'm guessing that in practice everybody in the network - all of
whom are basically trusted and identifiable - is ordered to send
only urgent traffic.
But, it would be neat if there was a way to budget bandwidth for
every unit, just like we do for ammunition.

@_date: 1996-11-16 13:37:02
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Abuse Solutions 
(In case you get this out of order, this is my second response.)
Another way to have anonymous posting but not be subjected to spam
and the like is to dispense tokens every week to the subscribers.
They can be signed blindly so that anonymity is preserved, just
like e-cash.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-17 11:43:50
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Members of Parliament Problem 
Okay, this would work.  But, it requires that all (or at least many) of the
Members of Parliament cooperate.  If not, then the security officer will
be able to make very good guesses about who is speaking.
Parliamentarians may not cooperate for a variety of reasons.  They may
not wish to be attacked by terrorists for the words of others.  They
may believe that cowardice is not to be encouraged.  They may not believe
in anonymity.  It might be too hard for them.
What I would like to see is a method which relies only on published
public keys and no other cooperation from the people who are (more
or less) being used as shields.  This may be impossible.
(A number of people have posted references to other ways of doing
this.  I have yet to track down the references they gave so I don't
know if any of them fit the bill.)

@_date: 1996-11-17 18:32:33
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Members of Parliament Problem 
It turns out - amazingly enough - that this is not true!
Hal Finney mentioned on Friday a paper by Chaum and Heyst entitled
"Group Signatures."  It was presented at EuroCrypt '91.
I scanned this paper today and it has four schemes, the last of which
requires no participation of a trusted party or the other people
one wishes to hide amongst.  So long as everybody has published their
public key, the rogue Member of Parliament can sign messages without
revealing his identity, yet demonstrating that he is in fact a
Member of Parliament.  (Thanks Hal!)
It uses a zero-knowledge proof.  Hal said earlier that it was not
clear to him that this could be turned into a non-interactive proof.
It isn't clear to me, either.  Whatever the case, I consider
the problem solved.
It would be nice if it were non-interactive, but the rogue MP need only
demonstrate his identity to ten or so publicly trusted parties to have
enough basis to make statements that the world will consider to be credible.
I would say that it is slightly different in that anonymous voting
requires that you guarantee that each voter votes only once.  Clearly
these are similar problems.
Tangentially, I would really enjoy the privilege of verifiable anonymous
voting using my computer.  As it is now, I have no way of telling
whether my vote counts or not.  The entire process is handled by
people I don't know and have no particular reason to trust.
I always wondered where that term came from.  Chaum and Heyst's protocol
above could be used for blackballing in cases where only one black ball
can make the decision.  For instance, some clubs have a rule that any
current member can "blackball" prospective members.  (Sounds harsh?
Not as harsh as learning that a *majority* of the club didn't like you!)
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-17 18:45:55
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Members of Parliament Problem 
It turns out - not so amazingly - that Tim is right!
See Hal Finney's post of about this time.  It turns out that the
other Members of Parliament do have to cooperate.
Sorry about that.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-18 20:01:28
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Playing Cards - Caution! 
A few days ago I suggested that playing cards are a good source
of entropy.  This was based on claim by Persi Diaconis which
was quoted in The Economist.
I've researched the claim and I now believe it would be wise not to
use playing cards as a source of entropy for cryptographic
A fully random deck of 52 cards has about 225 bits of entropy.  That
means that each riffle shuffle introduces about 32 bits of entropy.
Intuitively, that seems like a lot of entropy for one riffle shuffle.
I've tried a few riffle shuffles with a sorted deck.  While hardly
scientific, the level of randomness does not look like 32 bits.  Most
of the time the cards alternate.
The claim that 7 riffle shuffles of a deck of 52 cards will bring
the deck to a state of near randomness appears in this book:
Diaconis, Persi "Group Representations in Probability and Statistics"
Hayward, California: Institute of Mathematical Statistics, 1988.
ISBN 0-940600-14-5
The section "An Analysis of Real Riffle Shuffles" begins on page 77.
A model is presented which Diaconis believes is similar to how people
shuffle in real life.  What is troubling from a cryptographic point of
view is that there is little empirical evidence to back this up.  What
is more, Diaconis mentions that there is some variation in shufflers.
A neat shuffler will be less random.  (Side note: The Economist claims
Diaconis can execute 8 perfect shuffles in less than a minute.  This
means the deck is returned to its original order!)
term and should not be relied upon.
The book says that in the late 1960s, tournament bridge players
started using computers (!) to shuffle the cards as hand shuffling was
considered suspect.  This is less than reassuring.
Nothing I have written here is intended to reflect poorly on Dr.
Diaconis.  We were not solving the same problem, nor have I fully
understood his work.
In my first article I said this:
"Playing cards are a nice source of randomness because they are widely
available and their behavior has been under study for a long time by
people with strong financial reasons for finding flaws.  I slightly
prefer cards to dice because dice may be slightly predictable or even
The study of randomness in cards looks much harder to me now.  Also,
flaws which may be exploitable for financial reasons when real money
is on the table may have to be substantially more dramatic than the
flaws required to exploit, for instance, an alleged one-time pad.
Here's why I now prefer dice: Dice are simple.  Each die throw can be
made to be quite independent of all other die throws.  Even loaded dice
may be used by throwing them repeatedly and adding the results mod the
number of sides to the die.  Dice which are suspect may be studied by
repeated throwing.  Non-independence can be more easily studied as
it can be assumed that a throw of the die is, at most, related only
to the previous throw and none before.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-19 16:17:32
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Playing Cards - Caution! 
The maximum entropy after one riffle shuffle is actually about
48 bits, assuming the deck was split in half.  That is, n! / k! (n-k)! =
52! / 2 * 26! ~= 4.9592 * 10^14.  log_2 4.9592 * 10^14 = 48 bits.
(Think of one half of the deck of k cards fitting into n possible
holes.  The order of each half of the deck is guaranteed, so this
can be thought of as the number of ways k balls fit into n holes.
What about the other half of the deck?  They just fall into the
empty holes.)
Assume the split introduces about 4 more bits, and we get 52 bits
of possible shuffles.  However, in practice a riffle shuffle may be
more predictable.
It is possible that 32 bits of entropy are introduced with each riffle
shuffle, but it is not obviously true.  For a cryptographic application,
the standard is higher than for almost any other.  So, if it is not
clear that something is the case, probably it shouldn't be used.
That's true, but the application of mathematics certainly does
depend on empirical evidence.  I would be very surprised if Diaconis
made a mistake with the math.  I think the math is what primarily
interests him.  From his book I did not see a lot of evidence that
a great deal of empirical research on card shuffling had been performed.
Rather, a few mathematicians here and there appear to have tried out
the model and decided that it more or less works.  For the standards
we should apply, those of a cryptographic application, this is not
good enough.
I solved this problem in my original message on the subject.  You use
the order of the cards to represent your message.  Then you use a
fully shuffled deck to mix up the mapping of the cards to numbers.  If
the deck is truly randomly ordered, the scheme I proposed is a true
one time pad.  (If I made an error, I would like to hear about it!)
Tangentially, I would be reluctant to rely on a one time pad whose
key was produced by a hash function.  We assume that the hash function
is cryptographically secure, but if we can assume that, we might as
well assume that some cryptosystem is secure.  One time pads are supposed
to avoid those types of assumptions.
I agree completely.  In practice, you pretty much have to have a
computer to make use of the original schemes I proposed.
The literature on card shuffling is quite interesting.  A number of people
over many years have worked on this.  It looks to me like there's lots
more interesting work to be done.  Many readers of this list would
probably find Diaconis's book interesting.
There might even be a number of new attacks possible on card games.
If 7 riffle shuffles does not, in fact, bring the deck to complete
entropy it means that a number of combinations of cards are unlikely.
Is the distribution of pokers hands perfectly even?  They may not
be.  Solving this problem in the general case appears to be very
hard.  But, some progress could be made by modeling real shuffling
and looking for patterns in the relationships between the cards
electronically.  Conceivably, poker hands are not as random as people
believe.  While the cards you have in your hand may be random, their
relationship to other cards may not.
This is like a pseudo random number generator.  If you don't notice
the pattern, you will believe you are looking at a random number
stream, but in fact you are not.
However, the entire subject is orthogonal to my goals right now.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-19 20:06:41
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Playing Cards - Caution! 
This is the approach described by Diaconis.  I think his book will
show you how to calculate the entropy, too.  (It's a cool book.
The same section shows how to do a magic trick using three riffle
shuffles.  A member of the audience inserts the mystery card in
the deck after the three riffle shuffles.  Then the magician
spreads the cards on the table and looks for one which does not
line up with one of the several interleaved sequences in the deck.)
However, it is not obvious to me that this is how it works every
time, for sure, guaranteed, no doubt at all, in the real world.
Diaconis mentions that the amount of entropy varies very substantially
by shuffler.  I also judged his experimental data to be limited.
Furthermore, I am suspicious of the model itself.  A binomial distribution
is convenient to use, but I don't think that's how people cut cards
in practice.  I think that it is a much more "pointy" distribution with
lower entropy.  When I cut the deck there are less than 4 bits of entropy.
But, I have to admit that if I worked my way through the book and
learned a little related math, I might be convinced.  But, even then
I would probably judge it to be too tenuous for security applications.
Incidentally, some big names have worked on this problem, like Graham
and Shannon.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-11-22 14:01:33
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Constraining the Program Counter 
You could build a fairly secure system if all of the executable
code were confined to ROMs.
Is there a way to confine the PC of any popular processors so
that it can only execute code in the ROM?
Ideally, it would be possible to do this with cheap off the
shelf hardware.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-13 21:15:44
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Magic Numbers in MD5 
I am curious where some of the magic numbers in MD5 originated.
First, we have the four chaining variables, A, B, C, and D which
are initialized with apparently random numbers.  Are they as
random as they look, or are they carefully chosen?
Second, we have the t_i values.  Schneier's first edition says this:
"In step i, t_i is the integer part of 4294967296xabs(sin(i)), when
i is in radians.  (Note that 4294967296 is 2^32.)"
Does abs(sin()) have some properties that are especially conducive to
strengthening MD5 or is it just a function to generate mildly random
numbers?  If the latter, wouldn't the algorithm be stronger if it was
used with completely random numbers?
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-15 13:53:05
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Magic Numbers in MD5 
Why yes, those bits are just as likely as any other set.  ;-)
Still, one prefers to be careful.  Rivest is said to be a clever fellow.
One or two people at the NSA must know what they are doing.  We wouldn't
want to bet they aren't smart enough to invent something surprising.
Perhaps we should define MD5-Cypherpunks.  All interested parties submit
sealed random values for the chaining variables and the t_i constants.  The
new constants are determined by opening the envelopes and XORing all
the values.
This probably isn't worth the trouble given MD5's known weaknesses,
but it might be cool for other algorithms.  Does it seem reasonable
that this would make cryptanalysis more challenging?  One could
imagine that brute force attacks exist which are less efficient when
the same setup cannot be used for every message.  Or, that it is
expensive to determine weaknesses for particular sets of constants.
It would cause interoperability problems, but one could imagine
some organizations would prefer to use their own version of
standard algorithms for internal communications if it really
did raise the cost of attack.  The changes in software would
be minimal.
Incidentally, when weaknesses were discovered in MD5, did they depend
on a particular set of constants, or were the weaknesses general?  (I
assume the latter, but I would like to know for sure.)
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:08:25
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Executing Encrypted Code 
At the last meeting references were made to processors which only
execute encrypted code.  Decryption occurs on chip.
If each chip has a unique public/secret key pair, and executes
authenticated code only, there are some interesting implications.
Software piracy becomes difficult, if not impossible.  Code is sold
on a processor by processor basis.  Code for a different physical
processor cannot be decrypted or executed.
Even if it is feasible to determine the secret key stored on the
chip, software piracy is still hard because it is not possible to
execute the code on another chip without authenticating it.
One could execute the code on another architecture entirely using an
emulator, but there would be a performance price paid.  It wouldn't
be worth the trouble for most software.
The manufacturer of the encrypted-code processor would protect its
instruction set using intellectual property law.  Given the high
price of a fab, it is entirely feasible to stop anybody from building
a new architecture which can execute the code about as fast as
the encrypting-code processor.
Viruses are not feasible if the authentication is strong.
Retrieval of the secret key is quite difficult.  Since the results
of the decryption never leave the chip, the recent attacks against
smart cards do not work.  (In the case of an error, the authentication
fails and the code does not execute.  No information has to leave
the chip.)
I would be interested to hear comments and corrections.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-19 12:08:33
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Code+Data separation 
Allowing code and data to reside in the same areas of memory is
a nice convenience, but it makes security harder to implement
because it means code is modifiable and data can be created which
just happens to do bad things if it is executed.
Are there any modern processors which keep the code and data separated?
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-19 19:15:07
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
The software vendor would be wise to check that the public key was
legal.  It would be a simple matter for the manufacturer to publicize
all public keys that had been installed on chips.
I'm sort of waving my hands around when I say "authentication".
One approach is for the manufacturer to authenticate software submitted
by approved vendors.  The vendors are then tasked with encrypting it
for the correct processor.
There are all sorts of nifty deals that could be made.  Microsoft
could commission a special run of the processors which only run
Microsoft approved software.  Machines using these processors could
be given away or sold at a steep discount.
You could also timestamp the software so that it only runs for a given
length of time.  This will encourage people to upgrade regularly.  ;-)
The processors could also support metering.  The processor could support
some sort of API for the software to tell it how many computrons had
been used and stop it from running after they run out.  This means
that light users or evaluators of software pay relatively low prices
while heavy users pay high prices.  This is a great deal for all
concerned.  Right now software vendors try to do this with clever deals,
but it's crude at best.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-19 20:49:04
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
You are right that this only works in instances where the customer just
needs a little prodding to get the upgrade and not in instances where
the customer might put up with significant inconvenience to avoid it.
However, why not use "beacons"?  The clock could have a built-in timer
that needs to be reset once a month from an authenticated source.  This
assumes the presence of net connectivity, but that's not a terrible
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-19 21:13:07
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
Let's say each key is 2048 bits and there are 10 million processors.
That's only 2.38 gigabytes, or under $1000.  Easy enough to put on
the Web or on a set of CD-ROMs.
Yes, my working assumption is that factoring is very hard.
You have to have the "approved" message so that you don't get
viruses and to thwart piracy in case anybody did manage to get the
secret key out of the chip.
How well it goes over depends entirely on how much you pay for the
And one would expect piracy-proof software to be very inexpensive.  Most
people who pay for software have little sympathy for those who don't.
Right you are - see below.
While I am certainly not a lawyer, and even the lawyers can't tell
you what is legal to export, I would guess that Big Brother would be
delighted with the manufacturers of this processor.  It can't be
used to encrypt communications, only to decrypt software.  What is
more, you could control the physical processors so that exportable
processors accept a different authentication key.
Then, the manufacturer of the processor can take care not to authenticate
any privacy enhancing programs for the export version of the processor.
Free speech and constitutional issues evaporate because the processors
are physical devices and not expressions of ideas.
Even "better", not very many organizations in the world can afford the
fab lines to manufacture a state of the art processor.  So, if the
G-7 countries are brought onto the reservation, it would be feasible
to forbid all free processors.
Peter Hendrickson
P.S. Did you hear?  For Christmas Big Brother is raising the chocolate
ration from 30g to 20g!!!

@_date: 1996-12-19 21:18:19
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
Here's how I would do it.  When the processor wants to update its
clock, it generates a random number and encrypts it for the trusted
time source.  The trusted time source decrypts its message to get
the random number.  It timestamps it, encrypts it, and sends it
This means you can't replay old time messages to keep using your
old software.
Is it possible to have a little clock and rechargeable battery on
a chip?  If so, then this technique should be easy to use.
If not, then the processor can count the number of cycles it runs and
use that as an approximate means of deciding when to check the time.
Or, it could demand a time update every time it is power cycled.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-19 22:57:15
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
No, you can backup just as much as many times as you like.  The code
isn't stored on the chip permanently, it is only decrypted there.
There is a similar problem, though.  If your processor dies you could
lose your software library.  There are ways to mitigate this.  One is
for the vendors to just trust people and reissue the code to a new
processor.  Of course, you track how often you have to do this.
Or, you could turn in the broken processor and have the manufacturer
certify that it was turned in to the software vendors and that
a new version of the software should be generated.
This might not be so important if you generally pay for metered software.
User written code is harder to arrange, it is true.  You might have
a way to execute non-authenticated code but at a speed comparable to
an emulator.
Or, you might just have another computer for running your own code.
Right now it is not uncommon for a software library to exceed the
value of the machine.  It might actually be economical to have two
machines if one of them can support a rich software library which
doesn't cost as much money because it can't be pirated.
Free software is still possible to run at full speed, but it has to
be authenticated.  The free software writer just has to do whatever
the software vendor had to do to get it okayed.  This makes it
harder to release free software, but the effort is still a small fraction
of the work required to build a significant application.  Getting it to
execute for particular processors is easy.  You could release a piece
of software which takes code and encrypts it for your particular
hunk of silicon.
If you could offer otherwise free software for, say, $20 and know
that everybody using it will pay, many people might consider that
to be a great deal.  Right now the mechanisms of moving the software
are too expensive to really make it feasible for something under $20.
Development might be a bit tricky, but there are workable solutions.
The manufacturer could release special processors which have an
additional authentication mechanism for software developers which
is specific to each developer.  They could authenticate code to run
on their own machine, but not on anybody else's.
This does make it possible for software developers to pirate software
(if the can get a secret key), but if the number of development processors
is low, this could be manageable.
If the environment was well defined, you could conceivably develop
in a high level language on one platform, but deploy for sale on the
decrypting-processor platform.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-19 23:21:24
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
I don't know, but I bet it would be possible to arrange if there was
support for it.
Or, maybe the instruction set itself remains a trade secret.  Sure,
it could leak out, but aren't there laws against industrial espionage?
(If the instruction set was secret, the manufacturer might have to
provide a compilation service.)
Yes, if the laws exist they would be easy to enforce.  What does
a state-of-the-art fab cost now?  $5 billion?  $10 billion?  I was
generous when I said "G-7".  Which countries can really compete in
this market?  The U.S. and Japan, I believe.
There is no reason to rule out extra-legal pressure, either.  The
USG appears to have played the policeman in supporting the DRAM market
in an informal way.
It would be very easy to have a chat with the Japanese government
about the importance of stopping software piracy.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:53:01
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
If your processor dies you are SOL whether or not you have software.
If it's worthwhile having a backup processor around, then you just have
to spend a little more to have backup software, too.
If the reissuance of software is not possible (which I don't believe),
it's an acceptable risk.  Processors die far far less often than disks,
and disks are getting pretty reliable.
If the software companies can't get it together to reissue software,
then it would certainly be easy to sell processor insurance to people
who wanted it.  This would allow them to replace their ~$10,000 software
library.  (You can buy theft insurance for roughly the same payoffs,
so it's a feasible business.  Theft is harder to verify and in my
judgement occurs much more frequently than processor failure.)
If the old copy protection just worked, it would have been widely accepted.
Old copy protection had many problems.  It didn't stop piracy.  Sometimes
it crashed your machine.  Some schemes worked on some Intel machines but
not on others.  Backups were a problem.  Etcetara.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-20 12:26:26
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
Now why didn't I think of that!
Maybe not everybody.  My scheme would not let you turn off the authentication
bit.  That means that if somebody does find way to get at the secret
key, they still can't run the code without doing something expensive with
particular processors.  Basically, this won't be worth the trouble.
The second group would have to buy a different processor altogether,
the way I proposed it.  But, that does not seem unreasonable.  One
could even imagine systems which have a "free" processor and a
decrypting processor.  While they would have to have completely different
instruction sets, they could be pin compatible.
I agree with all of this.  Some people might be happier if they think
of this as just another kind of agreement that people can make.  Right
now the software development agreement is weak because piracy is so
easy.  We rely a little bit on the law and a whole lot on the integrity
of customers.  Really, that isn't ideal.  It would be nice if people
could make strong agreements to write software.
My judgement is that software piracy is less of a problem in the U.S.
than it is elsewhere.  My impression is that there are many other
countries in the world where the whole "I should help pay for the
development of this software because I am using it" idea just doesn't
really show up on the screen.
This processor would make it possible to sell software to the whole
world without really worrying too much about how well each government
enforces its laws or how ethical the people in foreign countries are.
Processors are really only good for 3 years or so.  The vendor is only
betting that attacks won't become widespread in that time period.  That
is not a perfectly safe bet, but it isn't bad.  The attacks can exist,
but so long as they are expensive or hard to generalize to all processors,
the software vendors are safe.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-20 14:29:22
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
Why do you think this is?  I don't understand why I would buy a more
expensive package that required a dongle rather than a less expensive
package which does not.  This is mysterious.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-20 14:31:15
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
There's no reason why one software package would cost more than the
machine.  I was assuming you didn't need your whole software library
to finish the report.
I would expect software prices to drop because everybody using the software
would be paying for it.  I would also expect more kinds of software to become
At any rate, I just don't see this as a major problem.  Does anybody
know how often processors break down these days?  My guess is that
it is less common than getting into a car accident and much less common
than all the other factors that make reports late.
If companies started metering software, then this problem pretty much
The obvious benefit is that when you purchase software you don't have
to pay for software development for the people who don't pay.  Few
people find this objectionable in principle.
It is not out of the question for software vendors to sell two versions
of the same software.  One is the piracy-free version and the other is
the copy-as-much-as-you-can version.  I would expect the piracy-free
version to be substantially cheaper.
(Of course, it is not out of the question that piracy boosts sales by
advertising the product.  We haven't seen a good experiment for
determining this.)
Your characterization is accurate.  Ignoring the particulars of this
scheme, it would certainly be neat if people could sell software
without it being pirated.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-20 15:26:21
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
Thank you for this encouraging remark.
Yes, that would be necessary.  It isn't hard to tell which executable
goes with which processor.  The software vendor could give away a database
to do it.  Or, the software vendor could put all the executables up on
a web site.  What's the big deal?
Yes, I do.  (BTW, the software might be sold for the same price, but
be better in other ways.)
In the current business environment.  One reason site licenses are sold
to companies is to make piracy less encouraging.  It also solves a difficult
bookkeeping problem: "How many copies are we running?  Are we in compliance
with the law?"  Actually, site licenses don't always solve this problem,
but they sort of do.
We don't really know what pricing and terms would look like in a piracy-free
environment, we can only guess.  My guess is that preventing piracy makes
more software available for better prices.  If metering is feasible, it would
work out very well because customers no longer have to take a chance on
software and can easily explore all of the options they have.
Let's assume 10MB of executable code per package.  A gigabyte costs about
$200 now.  That comes out to about $2 extra expense per software package.
Whoever is doing the updating just needs to be able to quickly get the
right copy.  That's easy because each software module is self-identifying
as is each processor.  You just need to be able to go out on the Net
to the software vendor or internally and ask some machine for the
particular copy you need.
This is true.  Most people make their software buying decision based on
what it can do now and for the next few years.  I believe that is rational.
Yes, it would definitely be harder to keep a code museum.  People who
plan on doing that are encouraged to choose another platform and software
I find it interesting that you compare this scheme to Clipper.  Judging
from the tone ("!!!") of your post, there is something about my scheme
which you find upsetting.   People usually don't get annoyed by schemes
which won't work.  (Even dumb unworkable schemes are a breath of fresh
air on this list right now.)
What I think you really don't like about my scheme is that you think it
might work and you fear various mandatory GAP proposals that could follow
its wide acceptance.  I would be interested to hear more about these
These are not either/or propositions.  If the decrypting processor
increases the revenue of software companies, it means people can make
more money providing better products to their customers.
There is no such thing as "profitable enough."
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-20 15:58:14
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Executing Encrypted Code 
Yes, I was assuming a free market.  Sorry if that was not clear.
Not only would software companies face competition in the decrypting-processor
market, but they also face competition with other packages running on
other platforms.
Presumably customers would need some sort of reason to use the
decrypting-processor.  Some companies may choose lower price.
I agree completely!
This was discussed a few posts back.
Let's say you manage to get the secret key out of the decrypting-processor.
That gives you the executable which could run on any decrypting-processor.
Since it is not authenticated (*) you can't run it on another
decrypting-processor.  You can run it in emulation someplace else,
but a heavy performance price is paid.  If the leading edge processors
are all decrypting-processors, a very heavy performance price is paid.
If the instruction set is kept secret, even writing an emulator could
become hard.
(* I am being inconsistent, incidentally.  At one point I said that software
would be authenticated once, but I now realize that to prevent multiple
uses it has to be authenticated for use on a particular processor, too.)
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-20 19:06:38
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Instruction Sets which are tough to emulate 
I'm guessing there are a bunch of ways to make a processor hard
to emulate.
For instance, you can make the registers 65 bits wide.
Can anybody think of some more?
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-31 10:25:52
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
The easiest and fastest solution is to set up toad.com to charge a
dollar per message.  (Proceeds to be spent by John Gilmore as he
sees fit.)
We can then leverage off the existing e-cash infrastructure which
already provides blinding software for free on all major platforms.
What I like about this scheme is that well-financed attackers will
be welcomed.  A spam attack just means that John can buy more sushi!
(I volunteer to modify majordomo to accept e-cash if there is enough
interest in this proposal.)
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-31 10:26:06
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Would this expose the posters to liability?  Unlike an anonymous
remailer, they are deciding what to post.
In the case of software, criminal liability result.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-31 13:04:55
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Let's try it and see how it goes.  If it doesn't work, we can try
a more complicated scheme.  (I volunteer to modify Majordomo to
make this happen.  We could have this feature in the near future.)
I think we should understand that two features are being discussed.
One is protecting the list from spam attacks.  By this I mean attacks
where somebody sends very large numbers of messages to the list
and brings the mail server to its knees.  Charging a dollar a message
solves this problem - just buy more hardware with the proceeds.  If The
Enemy wishes to finance the cypherpunks list - more power to him.
The other feature is filtering.  I do not need anybody to filter
my mail.  I am quite capable of doing it myself, thank you.
If somebody wants to set up a tokened filter scheme, that
is great, but let's see it implemented as an added header to
the cypherpunks messages.  Then people can filter on it if they
want, but it should be their choice.
Anybody who cannot set up such a filter, or find somebody who can
set up such a filter for them, or cannot find somebody who will
forward only filtered messages to them, is too helpless to be a
I have seen a lot of complaints about "too much noise".  That is
not a problem.  The problem is too little signal.  I can extract
the signal - unless it isn't there.
I propose that we spend the money on food for the monthly meeting.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-31 14:23:25
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
People who don't like using PGP, or can't use it, or won't use it,
do not belong on this list.
Easy.  Keep a copy of PGP there and a copy of the list public key.
It's okay to leave public keys lying around.
I might add that this is not "just a mailing list."  It is the
Cypherpunks mailing list.  It's worth a little trouble.  If you don't
agree, find a list which is.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-31 15:53:36
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
It's not always bad to take a few chances.  I've noticed that there is
a lot of negativity in the cypherpunks scene.  (I am not without sin
in this department. ;-)  It would be more exciting to try out a few
I would much rather be trying lots of things and throwing out the bad
ones.  This should lead to better technology.  This not only benefits the
cypherpunks list, it benefits everybody using the Net, which is (I think)
one of our goals.  It short circuits poorly intentioned authoritarian
schemes to dictate what may or may not be sent to a mailing list.
(For example, people often propose to make spam illegal.  Most
readers of this list will recognize the camel's nose.)
It could be a mistake, but I think the only way we will find out is
to try it.  Unlike the interesting token scheme, this is easy to deploy
and it doesn't provide an insurmountable barrier to dissent.  You
can still put up a dollar to say "This is a drag!  Let's get rid
of it!"  But if your token gets pulled by an abusive token administrator,
it's harder to get the word out.  (Not impossible, though.)
Keep in mind that the worst case is that people will have to ask
their e-cash endowed friends for a few ASCII tokens to prepend to
their posts to the list.  That is not very tough to arrange.
One thing it does for sure is to eliminate attacks where somebody sends
thousands of messages to toad.com and overloads its capacity to forward
them.  It also means that bigger faster hardware can be purchased if
the load gets too high, or to compensate somebody to wrangle majordomo.
I suspect it will also promote high quality posting.  Certainly,
"me too" posts and "unsubscrive" posts will be greatly attenuated.
And, people who post reams of drivel and invective can only do so
at the expense of financing the monthly cypherpunks food bash.  This
doesn't mean they will stop, but it does mean that we can chown down
on hundreds of pounds of guacamole at their expense.
As for other people, I think if it isn't worth a dollar to you to
post a message, it probably isn't worth it for the rest of us to
read it.  Without any real evidence, my feeling is that if somebody
has to pay a dollar to post a message, they will give it more
thought and write it more carefully.
This is sort of like expecting children to use proper grammar, forms,
and excellent handwriting in preparing a report.  The result is that
greater care and thought is devoted to the ideas in the report itself.
I don't believe that people making valuable contributions have any
trouble at all coughing up a dollar to do so.  Very few people post
more than 10 messages a month.  $10/month isn't much of a burden.
If this does turn out to be a problem, when readers see a post they
like they should send the person a buck to encourage more good work.
This is a very effective way of saying "I really enjoyed what you
had to say."
And, nothing stops frequent posters from asking for money on the
list to continue their fine work.
In a sense, this is a fully abstracted version of the token scheme.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-31 15:51:53
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Anonymous Post Control 
It's hard to filter anonymous posters.  I want to see what a few
of them have to say so I can't filter on the remailers.
If anonymous posters PGP sign their posts, it is still hard to filter
using a lame filter software such as that which comes to Eudora.
It would be nice if toad.com would verify signatures and insert a
header into the messages with the PGP User Id of every poster.
Then it would be very easy for many people to filter the messages
using widely available off-the-shelf mail software.
(I volunteer to adapt majordomo for this task if it seems like
a good idea.)
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1996-12-31 15:51:57
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
It won't be worthwhile for a year or two for spam artists to go to the
trouble of figuring out how to do this.  I'm not sure I have a good
solution to this problem in the long term, however.
If our custom was to send money to people who make good posts, then
you could imagine the fee being quite high, say $20, since most of
the money will be made back.  Voila! We have a wonderful feedback
system for how much contribution we have made.
People who want to make sure that they are putting in at least as
much as they take out can make a little rule for themselves: I won't
take money out of my cypherpunks e-cash account.  I will only
send it to other people for their good posts.  In effect, this is
a fully distributed tokening system without the choke point of
a single token administrator.
I agree that we should keep it sweet and simple.  That's one nice
aspect of the e-cash scheme.  All the software is already out there,
except (maybe) the majordomo part which I have volunteered to do.
Keep in mind that if the list brings in, say, $1000/month that buys
a lot of food.  I have to think that this will liven up the
monthly meetings and create many positive and lasting relationships.
This is exactly the sort of process which is facilitated by paying
a dollar.  In your case it won't make a difference, but most people
will find their presence on the list becomes much more responsible
when they have to put up a buck.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:45:18
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Modified Token Posting Scheme 
The proposal to limit "noise" posts by using re-usable tokens is
interesting because it has the effect of filtering and at the same
time remains responsive because the "moderator" passes judgement
after posting has occurred.
In essence, the poster is betting that the moderator will approve
the post retroactively.
The purpose of limiting the tokens available is to give them value
so that there is a cost associated with losing the bet.
However, distribution of the tokens has the same problems that centrally
planned economies have distributing bread.  Should people wait in line,
receive bread at random, or get their bread through connections?  None of
these solutions is attractive.
The right way to implement the scheme is to use dollars for tokens
because the USG has already solved the problem of giving the tokens
The "moderator" returns the money to people when posts are worthwhile
and keeps it otherwise.  This means that the "bet" can be quite a bit
larger than a dollar because responsible posters will get their money
back.  Starving graduate students will not be discouraged from posting.
Abusive posters, anonymous posters, or spam artists will have to pay
a substantial fee for the privilege.
Of course, there's no reason to have just one moderator on the list.
A moderator could just be an e-mail account that forwards mail to
the list if valid payment is received.  (Moderators should PGP sign
their messages so mail forging won't work.)  Readers could filter
on which moderators have approved the kinds of posts they want to read.
The effect of this scheme is to allow newcomers, infrequent posters,
or anonymous posters to get through killfiles without taking the
time and effort to develop a reputation.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1997-01-03 23:07:07
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Naive Export Question 
Given that:
1. It is legal to export books with printed source code.
2. It is legal for foreigners to type it in.
3. It is legal for foreigners to post what they typed.
4. It is legal to pay foreigners to type things into a computer.
It seems to me that it would be legal for the author of a book with
source code to pay foreigners to type in the code and post it.  The
cost of doing so is small compared to the cost of writing and
publishing the book.
I assume that this is illegal, but which laws does it violate?
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1997-01-04 07:49:16
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Modified Token Posting Scheme 
The moderator keeps the cash.  The moderator is pulled in several
directions.  He or she wants to keep the money but also wants people
to post through him or her.  The moderator also wants to be credible
or their services will not be required.
If it is implemented in a decentralized manner, the list is not up for
bidding, but the ability to get past killfiles is.  That is, anybody
can post to the list, but some people will only read things coming from
credible sources.  The money you pay gets to those people.
This is no different from the original scheme with a limited number
of tokens.  If the anonymity is preserved, you can always pay somebody
$500 to go to the trouble of getting one of the rare tokens distributed
or to buy one off a list member who already has one.  In the modified
scheme, the cost is quantified and easy to express and understand.
Peter Hendrickson

@_date: 1997-01-04 12:43:45
@_author: Peter Hendrickson 
@_subject: Re: Experiments on Mailing Lists 
If the point of these schemes is to filter content (*), there is no
reason why they have to be implemented for the entire list.  They
can always be converted to a tag on the message which readers can
use, but are not required to.
I'm sure Tim would not object to any scheme implemented in this way.
(So sure, in fact, that I will give him a dollar if he does object. ;-)
(* If the point is to stop spam attacks, then they do have to affect
the entire list.)
Peter Hendrickson
