
@_date: 1997-06-08 18:48:38
@_author: "Philip A. Mongelluzzo" 
@_subject: PGP 5.0 Beta 
This may be the wrong forum for this question, if so then ignore me.
I have posted this question to the folks at PGP...
In the process of creating a set of keys with PGP 5.0 Beta an Access
Violation took place (this is NT).  The public key was sent to keys.pgp.com but the key ring was not created (or was corrupted).  How does one go about getting a key revoked with a lost private key?

@_date: 1997-06-23 18:48:06
@_author: "Philip A. Mongelluzzo" 
@_subject: Re: spam on this list 
I certainly agree with free speech and understand how it can be manipulated
by the scum bags at large in society, _BUT_ free speech is free speech.
The warts come from an ever increasing BENT society.
I still am concerned about kids being subject to material that is
inappropriate for their age group (what ever that may be).  So how do I
insure that my son/daugher does not get their hands on _THIS_ material?
Twenty seven years ago I took an oath to do whatever was needed to protect
and defend the constitution against all enemies (domestic and foreign)  But
what is the solution to this problem from a parents point of view?  Simple
- control the material.  Make it like liquor, guns, booze.  Oops.. for some
reason this is a violation of the 1st amendment to!  Ok, my mistake, its my
problem.  That's easy, no Internet access.  Now my kid is at a
disadvantage!  I keep loosing here.  I don't like the way this is beginning
to feel!!
I'm sure that the community on this list has discussed this problem at
length.  What is the best defense?  How do we get the message out or,
better yet, deliver it?  Whatever that is, we need to do the same thing for the 2nd Ammendment, and
the 3rd, and so on.
The challenge to write code could be fun, but maybe we should use our
collective wisdom to deliver the best of the best solutions (there may be
more than one) to our elected officials.  Load their mailboxes up with
solutions to problems.  Sooner or later more than one of them is going to
think its his/her idea and push it along.  Web sites can be set up to
assist them with details.  I'm sure you get the idea.
Just another citizen wondering if anything is going to be left for our

@_date: 1997-06-24 07:39:04
@_author: "Philip A. Mongelluzzo" 
@_subject: Re: spam on this list 
I truly admire how you (and others) infer what you have from my post.
Simply remarkable.
I will keep my statements short and direct for those of you who have had to
much coffee.
I support the constitution.  In the case of the first ammendment: The
freedom it allows you, or whoever, to send spam and indulge in child
pornography is the same freedom provided to those who say those ideas are
wrong.  Got it?
I did not intend to infer any sexuality of any kind.
The question still stands --- please try not to rant --- attempt to post
your constructive thoughs:
How do we deal with child pornography and free speech in such a way as to
allow both to exist and insure our children are not exposed to pornographic
material until they are at a maturity level where they can deal with it?
If pornography is the enemy of crypto then that is enemy that must be fought. A battle that must be won without killing the enemy to insure continued
free speech.  Quite a challenge I think.
Now, do you have any idea how to do that?
