
@_date: 1995-10-11 17:03:05
@_author: "Philip J. Nesser" 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Internet Flaws 
It might be even better to note that the amount of NFS traffic that passes
outside of a given local network/geographical area is small NFS does
reasonably poorly from a performance perspective over WAN connections in
general so most organizations don't use it for more local are use.
WUarchive allowed it for a while but it was infinitely slow compared to
ftp.  I suspect that a protocol analysis of a major interchange point
(MAE's, NAP's, etc) would show NFS traffic at far less than 1% of the
total.  The NFS threat should be delegated to that class of problems which are
characterized as locally insecure, which can be easily exploited by a
malicious user (internal or external who has broken in), locally useful,
something which can be made better (kerberos version for example), but
generally isn't for ease of use.
--->  Phil
(BTW my 'mount ftp.netscape.com:/pub /mnt' command failed for some reason,
can you look into it :-)

@_date: 1995-10-14 10:01:07
@_author: "Philip J. Nesser" 
@_subject: Re: Netscape rewards are an insult 
Have things really come to this?  Besides the legal implications of
discovering a hole and then selling the information to someone, (who
presumably will only want this information for one purpose) where has the
attitude of doing for the sake of doing gone?  Has Netscape been pestering
security experts on the net for free work?  Have they been plaguing people
or lists with email asking the net to do their jobs?  I am tired of hearing people who may have had the urge to find weaknesses
and bugs now going greedy and deciding that they should be paid for it.  If
you dont want to participate then don't!  Its that simple.  If you feel
netscape is a greedy money grubbing company who deserves to pay 25k for a
bug report then start a company and develop a competing product which you
feel deserves to get bug reports.  The reason why the Internet has become so popular/powerful is the
willingness of people to help out and distribute information.  As a
computer/networking professional I have saved hundreds of hours worth of
my time when someone has been able to answer a question or solve a problem
for me.  Likewise I have and continue to give back just as many hours back
answering others questions.  That attitude is completely lacking in your
suggestion and I can only hope that the those opinions are in the minority
even today.
The ironic part is the people who have been the most successful at finding
bugs are not the ones who are demanding money for it!
--->  Phil
