
@_date: 1993-03-12 15:30:45
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Re: CYPHERPUNKS=EMAIL HARASSEMENT? 
You are a whining child, Mr. Brennan. How long have these messages been
ignored? Months? Years? I suspect a matter of days. Well, I'm sorry to
tell you this, but you aren't paying anyone to maintain this list, and
people don't do it full time. Its not a job. Prehaps the moderator went
on vacation. Prehaps he has no time for a week. Have you actually waited
a reasonable amount of time, which I would define as no less than a week
and likely no less than two?
I've run mailing lists. Its lots of long and hard work, and sometimes you
go on vacation, and when you do lots of whining fools start getting pissed
off that you aren't a robot that provides them with instant gratification.
Sorry, but no one owes you instant service. You didn't pay for a subscription
you know. This is a volunteer effort, and that means that you accept
whenever you sign on to any mailing list the possibility that, horror
of horrors, people might not process your requests every fifteen minutes.
It would not be anything like a big deal to delete the mail for a few more days. Instead, you involve all of us in something that we cannot
change. What makes you think that if the moderator is not reading the
-request alias that he will read the list itself?
In conclusion, get a grip. When the guy behind the counter at the
7-11 is a little slow, do you just take the food you bought without
paying? No? Then what in hell are you doing posting obnoxious mail to
hundreds of people when you know very well it violates all network
Perry Metzger

@_date: 1993-03-12 15:42:54
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Re: UNSUBSCRIBE ME!!!!! 
Because, you pathetic asshole, he didn't just want to subscribe to the list;
he sent out a goddamn 80k garbage message to everyone. That you cannot
see the difference between these two demonstrates a substantial deficit
in your capacity for mentation.

@_date: 1993-03-23 14:55:05
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: REMAIL: Anon.penet.fi no 
Hal says:
Interesting, isn't it, that Ted Tso's nightmare about horrible
libelous or volume-bomb postings didn't come true, but my nightmare
about censorship seems to have.
They've succeeded this time, but I doubt that they will next time...
