
@_date: 1993-04-13 07:40:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Modem encryption proposal 
Nickey MacDonald says:
I don't belive people were talking about Kermit the Protocol. They
were talking about Kermit the PD terminal emulation software, which
contains Kermit the Protocol. Obviously the protocol can handle error
correction -- but that does nothing for you if you want to log in to a
machine and do arbitrary things.

@_date: 1993-04-15 15:30:38
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Q&A DataBase 
ORNTS188 says:
eted access to different areas of the files. I just got the code and doc files
Pardon, but what does this have to do with Cypherpunks?

@_date: 1993-04-16 09:03:13
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Dorothy Denning's friends strike 
[Libernet readers -- please do not follow up on libernet, as it is
only for announcements. All readers -- please do not CC lists you are
not on with replies.]
According to a front page article in today's New York Times, the
Clinton Administration is going to be releasing a standard encryption
technology that commercial users will be encouraged to adopt that
involves having the government keep copies of "back door" keys
associated with every device deployed. The article is entitled,
with unintentional irony, "Communications Plan to Balance Government
Access with Privacy". The article indicates that the move is "inteded
to resolve a long standing dilema[...] how to preserve the legitimate
right for businesses and citizens to use codes [...] without letting
criminals and terrorists conspire beyond the reach of the law".
The implications are obvious.
Perry Metzger

@_date: 1993-04-16 12:46:29
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Mailing list name 
In the light of recent developments concerning government cryptography
initiatives, we might soon find ourselves innundated by working press.
Given this, I think that the name "cypherpunks" produces the wrong
connotations -- it makes us sound like criminals when we are in fact
people who are interested in expanding personal privacy with
technology. Often, little things like this end up being of tremendous
importance in the long haul.
I would propose changing the name of the mailing list to
"cryptoprivacy" or something similar. It denotes what we are about in
a way that mundane people understand better, and it portrays us in the
proper light -- as people struggling to improve the prospects for
personal freedom, not a bunch of "punks".

@_date: 1993-04-16 15:40:24
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: The Big Brother Proposal 
Peter Wayner says:
Perhaps you can deduce which chip is doing the encryption by
identification data transmitted by the chip down the line -- they
might identify themselves, making it impossible for you to avoid
having them figure out which pair of keys registered with the Ministry
of Truth and the Ministry of Love are to be used to listen in on your
conversation. After all, they keys are registered by the
PS We all remember the Ministry of Love and the Ministry of Truth,
don't we? This proposal was, of course, created by a group spun off
from the Ministry of Peace, a.k.a. No Such Agency.

@_date: 1993-04-16 16:58:08
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: "Big Brother" Proposal 
It has been suggested that we start refering to the latest Encryption
Initiative by the feds as the "Big Brother" proposal. I think this is
an excellent idea. If we can get the media to adopt the term, it means
that every time someone refers to the proposal they have already given
our propaganda slant to it.

@_date: 1993-04-19 10:25:07
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Mailing list name 
David Mandl says:
I notice, David, that you wear a tie when you come in to work in the
morning. (I happen to work with Dave.)
Why do you do this, in spite of your general dislike for imposed
standards? Because you want something out of your employer and feel
its better to put up with the minor inconvenience of wearing a tie.
Look, we can give people cryptography, or we can change their notions
of what "punk" means. Its not necessarily possible to do both at the
same time. I vote for keeping the world free, and putting up with
minor inconveniences in the meantime. I never liked "cypherpunks" in
the first place. I'm not a punk. I'm a reasonable person. Reasonable
people want the world to be free -- its not just a "punk" viewpoint.
We want people to have privacy via cryptography. Something like
"cryptoprivacy" seems like a better reflection of who we are.

@_date: 1993-04-20 03:09:46
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Another Clipper Weakness 
Another clipper weakness.
The unit key is derived directly from the serial number for the chip.
We are supposed to feel comfy that the unit key is 80 bits long -- but
the unit serial numbers are only 30 bits long! Am I crazy, or could
you could systematically generate all possible unit keys!

@_date: 1993-04-20 13:32:50
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Another Clipper weakness 
Hal says:
I've reread the text again. There seems to be no assurance at all that
S1 and S2 are random or that they are not the same for all chips.
There also seems to be no rational explanation of why N is only thirty
bits long -- its a strange number in the modern world of computing.
The number N is not secret and is not random -- it is therefore not
necessary that the PRNG generate N, and indeed N is not generated, it
is given. Its presumably just an ordinary serial number.
Why not just generate U1 and U2 by a more straighforward approach that
doesn't involve strange padding and odd randomly selected constants?
Indeed, why not just use true random numbers? Surely a radioactive
source isn't unavailable to Mykotronix.
Furthermore, Denning says about 300 chips are programmed in a batch
using baroque methods in a vault. Well, folks, that just won't do if
twenty or thirty million of these babys are being sold a year -- or
even if just five million are sold a year. Seems to me that the
processing is going to have to get more efficient, and likely thus
much more sloppy.

@_date: 1993-04-21 16:43:45
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Should we become "suits"? 
No one said anything about becoming "suits", Tim. The problem is this: the name "Cypherpunks" makes us sound like people
who break into computers for fun or other such stuff. I was on the
phone with John Markoff of the New York Times a couple of days ago,
and I was unhappy that no one had yet changed the name of the group
because I frankly felt that I could not encourage him to subscribe --
the results would be unpredictable. I encouraged him to read more
sci.crypt instead, which he has already been doing.
I've been associated with radical political causes for a while. I've
found that in general, the radicals are their own worst enemy. People
are NOT happy about being lectured to by strange-acting people. Bill Winter of the Libertarian Party of New Hampshire was their
chairman over the period in which the LPNH went from four members of
the state party to actually becoming a force in New Hampshire
politics. New Hampshire is the *only* LP outpost to make any
significant electoral inroads, *anywhere*. He once told me this: you
can get people to accept strange sounding ideas when promulgated by
normal looking people. You can get them to accept normal-sounding
ideas when promulgated by strange looking people. You can't get them
to accept strange ideas when promulgated by strange people.
No, I'm not saying you should wear a suit. I'm not saying John Gilmore
should cut his hair and start wearing Armani. I'm just saying that our
name is a stumbling block.
Why shoot ourselves in the foot for something worthless?
The simple change in our name from something confrontational that
makes us sound like machine crackers to something that expresses what
this group is about would make a radical positive change in our image.
Now, what are the benefits of keeping the current name "cypherpunks"?
Well, lets see Tim's list.
None of whom accomplished any of their goals. You REALLY want to
emulate them? I've been an occassional visitor to  Bleeker Street,
where Dana Beal, last of the Yippies, holds court. He doesn't wash
regularly, and he wonders occassionaly why no one takes his drug
legalization crusade seriously. Hint: they are connected.
We can't afford to lose this fight. This is a matter of life and
death. Playing out fantasy games about being 1960s radicals is fine
and well -- when you don't care about the outcome. We can't afford to
lose, so we can't afford to emulate losing strategies.
Well, I'm not proposing that John not be a spokesman -- most of our
interaction with the media is happening electronically and not in
person, and John is eloquent. But you are fooling yourself if you
think people listen to Hippies over Suits.
I'm speaking as a person who used to have long hair and worked
exclusively in Tee-shirt and shorts. I feel more comfortable dressed
that way -- but these days I wear a suit because thats what gets me
paid. I'm also speaking as a person who's extensively looked at this
question in connection with my activism in the Libertarian Party.
The fact is this: over and over again, every scientific study thats
been done (by lots of people), every anecdotal comparison I can make
in things like why one LP candidate did well and another did poorly or
why one local group soared while another failed, each one of them
point to the same conclusion: that conclusion is, sadly, that you are
completely wrong Tim, and that people judge by appearances, and that
even the most down and out people in our society will take the word of
a person who looks respectable over a person who doesn't. This
includes hackers -- hackers will trust grungy looking people as soon
as they have verified that they are fellow hackers, but watch what
they do sometime when they drive by a hitchhiker as casually dressed
as themselves. Take a sample of hackers, put them in a sociology lab,
show them videotapes of people making statements who are dressed like
hippies and dressed like bankers, and five will get you ten that they
react just like the rest of the population.
Influencing the public is not a guessing game any more -- its a
science. People have done honest to god studies on this. I'll happily
forward you references if you want.
Fine and dandy, but how does changing our name to "cryptoprivacy" harm
any of this?
No its not. Its perfectly easy.
They aren't doing any lobbying. Their name doesn't matter. Their image
makes no difference at all. Ours does.
Tim, I'm an anarchist. Do you REALLY think I'm about to become
co-opted by the establishment? Is it REALLY your belief that changing
the name of the group to "cryptoprivacy" would turn me into a raving
statist, foaming at the mouth about imposing regulatory control
No one can log in to their groups -- we provide an essential service.
I WANT the New York Times reporter reading this group, but I don't
want him to think we are crackers or nuts.
Who asked you to? You aren't going on television, and moderating your
ARGUMENTS is useless. I'm talking about appearances, nothing more. Our
name is cheap and easy to change. It costs us little, and I'm not
proposing we change anything else.

@_date: 1993-04-22 13:08:12
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: New Algorithm... 
"Haywood J. Blowme" says:
[Lots about some J. Random Companies encryption chip]
All fine and well, but since we have IDEA already, why should we want
it? For virtually all applicatons these days other than fully
encrypting network traffic, software is fine. DES implementations in
software can handle 1.5 Mbit/s on reasonable machines. Beyond that, if
we need hardware, why not use one of the currently publically known
algorithms like DES or IDEA, or a combination of them? Why use some
other companies algorithm?

@_date: 1993-04-22 14:18:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: A Volunteer in a Suit Has Appeared! 
I wonder, Tim, why you bother to wear clothes at all. After all, they
are merely attempts by conservative people to make you fit into a
conventional mold. Indeed, why speak in english? Why not invent your
own language that no one else understands? After all, using the same
language that other people do is a callow and conformist act.
In fact, why not just go to the top of a giant tower and get publicity
for us by shooting random passers by? After all, as you've noted,
there is no such thing as "bad publicity". I assure you that you will
be covered by thousands of times more TV and radio stations for such
an act.
I've watched the Libertarian Party self destruct because many
activists are such fools that they can't make a distinction between
whats important and random rebellion for the sake of rebellion. People
will refuse to be polite, refuse to phrase their arguments
comprehensably, refuse to be nice to reporters, and refuse to appear
to be reasonable or even rational, and then later on they wonder why
it is that everyone makes fun of them and no one listens.
Our goal is not to maintain use of the word "cypherpunks". Nor is our
goal to change the fashion industry. Our goal is privacy.
Tim agreed in his reply to my message with virtually every substantive
point that I made. None the less, he makes fun of my comments. He
agrees that people do judge on appearances. He agrees that the radical
protest movements of the 1960s were largely failures. Yet he wants us
to appear unreasonable, and he wants us to emulate these failures.
Tim has reacted with extreme vehemence to the minor question of our
name. Its a small thing to us personally -- but it could help advance
our goals. I can only conclude that since Tim more or less admits that
he's wrong but still insists on his position that he is not acting on
the basis of rational motivations.
I'll repeat -- this is not a fight that we can afford to lose. Why
machine gun ourselves in the feet?
Timothy C. May says:

@_date: 1993-04-29 09:34:53
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
[I am CCing this to Jim Bidzos at RSA.]
Timothy C. May says:
Actually, I do not disagree with your fundamental points. Jim Bidzos
is not, fundamentally, an enemy of privacy. He's just in a difficult
position because his livelyhood comes from selling patent licenses.
If a program existed that was legal and freely distributed like RIPEM
but ran as fast as PGP and offered the "web of trust" model of PGP,
I'd use it immediately.

@_date: 1993-04-29 10:26:38
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
Neil Haller says:
So would I. Many have said this before. Sigh.

@_date: 1993-04-29 10:40:11
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
Sy Verpunc says:
Why don't you ask him? He's jim I'd be polite.

@_date: 1993-04-29 11:01:59
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: HELP! Some nut is threatening to sue! 
"DrZaphod" says:
Gawd. For people who claim "no one judges by appearances" you are
really being silly. So he looks like a Fed. I suspect that to you, *I*
likely look like a Fed, too. (I wear suits, and have a very very short
haircut. I have to -- I work on Wall Street.)
Whether Bidzos is a nice guy or the devil incarnate has nothing to do
with his clothes.
You have, of course, demonstrated quite nicely what I was getting at
in my earlier messages -- appearances count. Even hackers judge by

@_date: 1993-05-03 10:03:26
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP 
HARUP16 says:
Nothing is free. Food isn't free. Clothing isn't free. Places to live
aren't free. Computers to run crypto sofware are not free. There is no
reason on earth that privacy should be free.
This is not to say that privacy needs to be expensive. However, it is
to say that we do not yet live in a communist society. People DO
deserve to get rewarded for their work if they wish to be. Phil
Zimmerman and others have very kindly donated their work to the public

@_date: 1993-05-05 08:59:31
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: 'zines 
Bill_Stewart(HOY002)1305 says:
Bill is normally excruciatingly accurate, but in this case he is
slightly off -- he was charged with slandering the Royal Governor in
his newspaper. His defense was that his statements were true -- which
was not a defense under the law in question. The jury decided it was
sufficient, however. The rest of what Bill said was substantially

@_date: 1993-05-10 11:06:43
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Early Battles 
Norman Hardy says:
This sounds like an urban legend -- NSA and IBM worked way too closely
on the development of DES for this to sound likely.

@_date: 1993-05-12 16:08:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: CALLER ID? 
Phil Karn says:
I have an even stranger datum to report -- when called from the ISDN
PBX here, ANI gets not just the building trunks but *MY* phone number.
Yes, it got the extension right, on the other side of the PBX. Hmmm...

@_date: 1993-05-19 12:44:55
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: BBSs under fire! (or on fire, if BATF gets into the act!) 
smb says:
Rupert Murdoch rides again -- hypocritical yellow journalism at its
finest. I imagine the Fox folks would never dream of criticizing the
Page 3 girls in all of Murdoch's UK papers -- which, after all, any
kid can paruse at will.

@_date: 1993-05-19 15:41:16
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Consider "Working Assets" phone service instead of AT&T 
Marianne Mueller says:
I don't want to get into an argument on politics, but I will point out
for the large libertarian contingent that Working Assets puts their
money into "Progressive", i.e. what libertarians would think of as
socialist, causes. Myself, I'd rather not fund lobbying for more
regulations, thank you very much.
Reason enough for libertarians not to touch it with a ten foot pole...

@_date: 1993-05-21 16:41:07
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PI Compression 
"Kent Hastings" says:
Bull. You cannot prove that all strings are contained as substrings of
PI. The mere fact that a bit string is infinite and non-repeating does
not mean that it is wholely random. For instance, I can very readily
construct infinite sequences that do not contain arbitrary bit
See, as an example, this non-repeating bit string

@_date: 1993-05-24 12:22:56
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The New Mykotronix phones... 
Jordan Hayes says:
Actually I can give such examples and show that the result id
desirable, but are we discussing cryptography or anarchism here?

@_date: 1993-05-25 14:15:35
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Steganography and Steganalysis 
andrew m. boardman says:
Many organizations buy complete dumps of usenet -- its a way of
getting a newsfeed if your organization is too paranoid to let you get
a network connection. I don't know if the NSA was such an
organization, but it would not suprise me.

@_date: 1993-05-26 09:32:31
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP: Environment protection for UNIX 
Stig says:
[More on environment wiper]
The environment wiper seems silly to me. If the enclosing shell still
has the environment in question, ps will still reveal it. If the
enclosing shell does not have the environment variables in question,
then what was the point?

@_date: 1993-05-26 12:53:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: DE platform 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but from what I understand, "Dolphin Encrypt"
does not use any well examined crypto system -- its something that you
guys, without any cryptography credentials, cooked up. On that basis,
why should we care about it? Most crypto systems that amateurs come up
with are pathetic to say the least, and strong systems, like
triple-DES and IDEA, are widely available.
meyer says:

@_date: 1993-05-26 16:51:42
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Digital cash issuess... 
Eric Hughes says:
As I understand it, "observers" are built in to supposedly uncrackable
hardware built into a smart card -- and I'm not a big fan of the
notion that you can make hardware non-reverse engineerable...

@_date: 1993-05-27 08:15:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: VinCrypt 
Oh, come on.
Every decent cryptoweenie knows that you don't trust black box
cryptography software. Most amateurs (and the average person writing
crypto code is NOT a professional cryptographer) have no idea of what
they are doing and produce crap. If you don't know how the program you
are buying works, odds are that its one of the majority of programs,
i.e. its crap.
Throughout the last two thousand years, fools, often individuals who
were otherwise rather intelligent, have repeatedly invented new
cryptosystems over and over again which were completely worthless.
Indeed, virtually everyone thinks that they know enough to build a new
cryptosystem -- and virtually no one has bothered to learn how real
cryptosystems are broken.
This even bites the best of us. Phil Zimmermann tells the story of how
he once invented a cryptosystem only to open up a college text on
cryptography and see that the problem of breaking his new cryptosystem
was so trivial that it was a homework exercise at the end of the first
I, for one, will never use any crypto system for which the algorithm
hasn't been extensively published and scrutinized.

@_date: 1993-06-02 07:57:59
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Contracts 
Stanton McCandlish says:
Caveat: I'm not a lawyer.
In common law, anything you want and intend to be your signature is
your signature. Ever work for a very big company? Ever look at your
paychecks? They are rubber stamped with someone's signature, not
signed. Still, thats perfectly legal.
In contract law, contracts do not have to be written -- being written
just means that the court has a presumption that the terms of the
contract were as written. However, you can make contracts orally if
you wish, and they are enforceable provided you can convince a court
that the contract really was made. Assuming that you sign a contract
with digital signatures, and the court can be made to understand that
the digital signatures mean no forgery was possible, its likely a
court would enforce them because the court would then have reason to
believe that both parties agreed to the contract in question.
Repeating my caveat: I'm not a lawyer.

@_date: 1993-06-02 10:32:25
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Security in a VR world 
Skye Merlin Poier says:
No its not. It was written abroad -- its more legal in Europe than in
the U.S....

@_date: 1993-06-03 16:55:05
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: snake oil 
Nickey MacDonald says:
My suggestion is this.
Its perfectly appropriate to post the cypher to the list PROVIDED you
take the right attitude, which is to say something like:
"The following is something I just thought up. I'm not a pro, and I
worry that this thing has holes. Anyone care to give me hints on what
they might be?"
My objection has never been to people developing new cypher systems.
Its always been to people claiming, in the absense of very strong
attempts to break their system, that their system is secure. Provided
you aren't trying to encourage people to use a new system you are
developing, what harm can discussing it possibly do? On the other
hand, great harm can be caused by fools pushing systems they have
designed in the absense of expertise -- that was specifically the sort
of objection I had to the whole "Dolphin Encrypt" thing.
Sci.crypt is likely a better place to post a query about a new cypher,
of course.
I would suggest looking in the sci.crypt FAQ -- its got lots of good
intro material and reading lists.

@_date: 1993-06-04 16:41:16
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Lobbying for Cryptoprivacy, non-U.S. 
Eric S. Raymond says:
Because he's a liberal, not a libertarian.

@_date: 1993-06-16 10:47:01
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: YAA (yet another article) 
Jason Zions says:
Look, lets get real here.
Wiretaps ARE an effective mechanism for law enforcement -- no question
about it.
The issue is not the effectiveness of wiretaps. Its the overall effect
on society.
Torture, believe it or not, is a very effective way of police to get
information. Our society bans it. Every mechanism that is useful is
not acceptable.
Stopping crypto to allow wiretaps forces every person in society to
give up their privacy, which probably costs billions of dollars and
thousands of lives, for the sake of only a small amount of money and
lives saved.
Outlawing strong privacy might stop some mafiosi -- but it will allow
others to rake in billions via wirefraud and dozens of other
mechanisms. It also likely won't stop the mafiosi and terrorists since they will
get strong cryptosystems anyway for virtually no cost. What do they
care that they are breaking the law?

@_date: 1993-06-16 10:51:50
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: on the radio 
Steven Levy says:
I believe that this is already on line via Internet Talk Radio.

@_date: 1993-06-17 13:55:53
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Contempt of court 
Mike Godwin says:
[Lots of stuff that add up to "Gee, what fifth amendment"]
I wonder when the last remaining clause of the Bill of Rights will be
declared to be meaningless tripe. FDR destroyed the 9th and 10th
amendments with his threats of court packing. PC is destroying the 1st
amendment. The fourth and fifth amendments are nearly gone thanks to
things like the war on drugs. Lots of people have been claiming the
second amendment doesn't mean what it says, and the supreme court has
refused to take a case since the Miller case in the 1930s. The court
recently held that you can execute a person even if there is evidence
that he's innocent without giving the evidence a hearing provided he's
technically exhausted his right to appeal. It seems like its only a
matter of time before other than stopping the government from
quartering soldiers in your home except in time of war, there will be
nothing more the courts will prevent.
Fun, ain't it?

@_date: 1993-07-06 07:43:03
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) GIFs--Now it can be told 
Michael Ross says:
I wholely disagree. Tim's post to alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.children was a valuable exercise even given its limitations.

@_date: 1993-07-06 13:01:37
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Complete ignorance of any sort of reality on May's part (was We are 
J. Eric Townsend says:
This is silly. Its like saying "I'm not in favor of banning guns --
but I want victims to be able to sue the gun manufacturers for
negligence". Dworkin is a fascist in feminist clothing -- for all
intents and purposes she believes that any act of heterosexual sex is
on some level rape. She's nuts.
This white male het computer geek marches in the Gay Pride Parade
every year. (Well, not this year -- I was sick. Mea culpa.) He also
thinks that Andrea Dworkin is about as anti-censorship as Rev.
Wildmon. I don't give a shit about the power structure -- I just think
that anyone telling me what I can and cannot see, what I can and
cannot write, and what I can and cannot sell, is my enemy.

@_date: 1993-07-09 12:43:35
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: encrypted email software 
Timothy Newsham says:
100% correct. Although DES is likely breakable by brute force, that
can only be done at tremendous expense. The back door notion, although
still possible, is now not believed to be true.

@_date: 1993-07-12 20:06:58
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: xor data hiding? 
J. Michael Diehl  says:
Sadly, the Friedmans already cracked the "multiple repeating xored
keys" cypher a while back -- about fifty years ago.
Don't be embarassed, by the way -- everyone comes up with cyphers that
have been cracked before. However, I would suggest reading "The
Codebreakers" and the current literature before proposing new systems.

@_date: 1993-07-14 08:47:40
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: xor data hiding? 
J. Michael Diehl  says:
Cyphertext from any decent system ALREADY looks random. Whats the
point of doing more to it?

@_date: 1993-07-14 09:01:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Secure comm program, Sockets + LINK 
jpp says:
You can't even solve the problem with DH key exchange -- you are
subject to "man in the middle" attacks. You must share SOME
information via a secure channel in order to have both authentication
and privacy on a channel. However, the information exchanged could be
small and fairly one-time -- like the public key of a trusted entity
that signs other public keys.

@_date: 1993-07-14 10:57:08
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Secure comm program, Sockets + LINK 
jim says:
I dunno enough about STU-III phones. Maybe they don't care about man
in the middle, or maybe they use fixed conventional of some sort for
authentication. I have a vague memory of someone telling me that some
of them have code keys.
However, just as an exercise, I suggest people convince themselves of
how easy it is to play "man in the middle" on a D-H connection. Its
valuable to go through it in your head.

@_date: 1993-07-15 06:50:02
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP tutorial 
Rather than pointing people to strange publications we've never heard
of written by authors without credentials, might I suggest...
1) The PGP docs themselves are very good and far better as a tutorial
   on cryptography than any of the "PGP tutorials" that have appeared
   in the fringe literature. They are also free.
2) Read a real text on cryptography. It isn't a childrens game. Its a
   real branch of math and computer science, and really bright people
   devote their lives to it. If you wanted to learn about medicine,
   would you pick up a professional medical text, or something written
   in a 'zine by people you hadn't heard of?
Peter Davidson says:

@_date: 1993-07-15 07:05:31
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: xor data hiding? 
J. Michael Diehl  says:
Intentionally. They INTENTIONALLY put magic numbers at the head of the
file. If you remove that, the file is random. You can hack PGP not to
use headers if you really want to. Proposing some useless cryptosystem
just to hide the headers is completely unneeded.

@_date: 1993-07-15 13:13:41
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: query 
This is slightly off topic:
I know that several cypherpunks are using automated tools to download
their mail from Unix hosts to their PCs at home. Could anyone doing
this please send me some mail on what package you are using?

@_date: 1993-07-19 09:45:24
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Diffie-Hellman Weakness Weakness 
jpp says:
What if you are using a cheap vocoder because you don't have lots of
available CPU? With cheap vocoders, voices are not easily recognized.
What if you are using data and not voice?
DH key exchange is great -- if you are willing to do something to
actively authenticate the other end. Several protocols to do this have
been developed. Personally, I would not recommend doing without them
just on the basis that "I can recognise Fred's voice".

@_date: 1993-07-20 18:19:25
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: subliminal messages 
Karl Barrus says:
A very good posting, Karl, but I will note in the literature these are
called "covert" channels, not "subliminal" channels. Otherwise, really
top quality posting.

@_date: 1993-08-09 11:46:37
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: ANON: Re: how does it work 
Phil Karn says:
Indeed, writing an SMTP agent in Perl is quite trivial -- I've done

@_date: 1993-08-10 14:06:53
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: ADICO: Anarchist FDIC 
"Kent Hastings" says:
Good job -- you have come up with a very interesting problem indeed.
A cryptographic protocol that permitted an outsider to determine the
amount of (pick your favorite) on deposit without requiring that the
bank reveal who owns what would be a neat trick. I suspect, based on
some of the voting protocols people are coming up with, that it might
in fact be possible, although it might end up involving an outside
auditing agency in many of the transactions. Whether a practical
protocol to permit this to be done would be possible is an extremely
interesting research topic -- many of the voting protocols I've heard
of are quite impractical if you have millions of voters. To my
knowledge, nothing to solve what I will now dub the "Anonymous
Auditing Problem" has yet been done, and this is the first time the
question has been posed.

@_date: 1993-08-10 15:36:53
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: ADICO: Anarchist FDIC 
Timothy C. May says:
Although this is not the right place for discussing this topic, I can
suggest a reading of "The Theory Of Free Banking" by George Selgin,
which is an excellent economic treatise on why a bank might want to
hold a particular physical commodity as backing for bank issued notes
instead of relying on a central banking system. The book is an
expansion of Selgin's PhD thesis at NYU -- its pretty good.
Even barring this, however, a protocol to determine if claimed
deposits correspond with what depositors think their deposits are,
i.e. an audit protocol, has many uses and would be valuable. Its a
genuinely good problem.

@_date: 1993-08-11 12:27:00
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: How long would it take? 
Derek Atkins says:
Its generally unwise to make the assumption that the only possible
attack on your conventional scheme is a brute force attack. Certainly
the attacks used on many previous generations of cryptosystems were
never brute force -- and certainly every generation of naive
cryptographer has said "well, using brute force it would take N years
to break my cypher". A simple vingenere cypher with a 12 letter key
would seem to be very strong indeed (stronger than DES), and yet we
know you can break one in a few moments because there are better
attacks than brute force.
We have suprisingly little in the way of general theory on what would
or would not make a conventional cryptosystem strong.  Certainly
differential cryptanalysis will not be the last thing people come up
with. Until we know everything the NSA knows, I will be hesitant to
say "unless something better comes up" and more comfortable saying
"until something better comes up."

@_date: 1993-08-11 15:17:31
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Secure voice software issues 
Phil Karn says:
I think that we are too casual about this -- Rich Little or someone
similar could easily impersonate your voice over a vocoder well enough
that unless I decided to do a "so, tell me about what we had for lunch
last week" routine you couldn't tell the difference. I think that even
if you DO know the other person verification is valuable -- especially
given the distortionary effects of vocoders.

@_date: 1993-08-13 07:53:26
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Electracy: Evil Revisited 
"L. Detweiler" says:
Look, people on this list have many different political views.
Political views qua political views do not belong on this list.
However, you seem to insist. I will therefore indulge you.
WE ARE NOT OUR GOVERNMENT.
I have an interesting fact for you, Mr. Detweiler. I did not choose
the government I live under. I chose none of its parts, agreed to none
of its actions, selected none of its members (not one person I've ever
voted for has been elected, and I only vote in self defense, not as an
endorsement of the system), and I agree with virtually none of its
actions. Sadly, this is the best country I know of to live in, so
leaving is not an option. However, don't for one minute claim that
this is *my* government. It is the government that rules me, to be
sure, but it is my master, not my servant. I would not choose to have
it operate as it does were I given the choice. It is not mine. Perhaps you are in control of the government, in which case I would
ask that you explain to your servants in Washington that I am not
undertaxed, am old enough to choose my own lifestyle and decide for
myself whether I should ingest any chemicals I happen to find, can
fend for myself in negotiating with employers and shopkeepers, and in
general have no desire for their protection or, as I view it,
So far as I can tell, government is run Of the Bureaucrats, By the
Bureaucrats, For the Bureaucrats. It is an oozing flatulent behemoth
that eats everything in sight and then blames the state of its victims
on the fact that it doesn't have enough to eat.
The very notion of voting on issues makes no sense. From whence does
the majority gain the right to rule me? If five people are sitting in
a room, and three of them vote to rape the other two, that does not
make it right. If one hundred people are sitting on a desert island,
and 70 of them vote to enslave the other 30, that does not make it
right. If a gang of 15 people comes upon a couple sitting in a park,
and they decide to hold an "election" to decide whether or not to beat
up the other two, that does not lend legitimacy to the actions of the
15. Why, then, should the whims of 100 million people sitting in their
living rooms with video game consoles decide the fate of those who
find themselves on the losing end of the vote?
In ancient Athens, they had a direct democracy. Allow me to describe
to you what they did with it. Among other fun practices, like
enslaving half the population because they felt like it, the Athenians
would periodically get together and decide they wanted to kick someone
out of town, so they would get together Ostracons, meaning pottery
shards, and write down the names of the folks they didn't like on
them. The guy who got the most Ostracons was Ostracized. Fun folks,
eh? Well, thats what you want to do, but on a national scale.
Athens would periodically get a charismatic leader, like Pericles, who
would manage by demagoguery to take control and impose nearly
dictatorial rule. (The word demagogue comes from the same greek roots
as the word democracy, by the way).
Imagine if every year only one company was allowed to make cars, and
we picked the company by vote. One year we would get Chryslers, and
one year Fords, and we could never compare them or choose a car of our
own desiring. We would just get this massive campaign every year for
the franchise. Well, everything government does is like that -- no
chance for comparison, no efficiency, choices made on the basis of
short and massive campaigns, and no sense.
I will be happiest when all that is forbidden is initiating force
against others or their property. I will be reasonably happy when the
government is crippled enough that it can make no decisions -- the
founding fathers tried that, and sadly it didn't work for long, but it
did last for a while. It is often said that no man's life, liberty or
property are safe when the legislature is in session. In an Electronic
Direct Democracy the legislature will never be out of session. It will
rule people's lives like the most iron-fisted dictatorship you can
imagine. People often confound liberty and democracy. The one means freedom --
the other is merely a form of government. Democracy does not
necessarily generate liberty, and more democracy does not mean more
liberty.

@_date: 1993-08-13 11:58:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Making the World Safe for 
Duncan Frissell says:
Indeed, virtually all Swedish stocks are now traded in London for much
the same reason.
Perry Metzger

@_date: 1993-08-13 13:08:27
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
David Koontz says:
I wonder if they noticed that they never got any pages...

@_date: 1993-08-17 16:05:27
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: `Stalled' Progress 
remail says:
I dunno about you, but I'm mainstream. Privacy is for everyone. The
more we treat ourselves as people doing things that are shady, the
more we will be treated as shady. Nothing we are doing is illegal --
why must we then slink in shadows?
This list includes some of the world's foremost experts in
cryptography, as well as lots of perfectly solid citizens. I say we
wait until we are driven underground to pretend that we are
If we act as though we are shady, we will only make it easier to
repress us.

@_date: 1993-08-18 09:25:42
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: encrypted anonymous traffic 
Marc Horowitz says:
To begin with, the ban on encrypted messages makes no sense because
people who do not have the key to read the messages can obviously not
receive them, and even people who do have the key must make an active
effort to read the messages. I will ignore that for the moment,
however, and address this pervasive notion that words can cause more
harm than letter bombs.
I'm sorry, but its completely irrational to prefer to be killed by an
explosive over getting email from someone you hate. This insane notion
that words are somehow worse than physical blows has to stop.
It leads to insane conclusions, among others, the conclusion that we
must all be restricted in our speech at all times lest we offend
other's feelings. This is the same argument that fundamentalist
christians who would like to ban certain books from our libraries
would use -- that harm can be caused by people accidently reading the
books. This is no speculative notion -- the argument was once actually
used regularly in our country.
The real world contains lots of harmful things. People who are so
incapable of handling a threatening letter or an insulting piece of
mail that they would prefer to die from a letter bomb are unlikely to
be able to deal with the sights and sounds they will see on an
ordinary street in a big city. They are too fragile for this world and
likely should be locked up for their own good until psychiatrists can
manage to heal them, as the preference of death to being offended is
suicidal and the incapacity to deal with the real world will obviously
cripple them. The rest of the world should not be constrained to
handle the needs of these obviously very mentally unbalanced
Perry Metzger

@_date: 1993-08-18 09:55:56
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Violent overthrow? 
Paul L. Moses says:
I'm not sure either of those cases truly succeeded, either.
Myself, I feel that no good can be accomplished by initiating force
against others, no matter what the cause. Violent revolutions go
completely against my grain. Any sorts of reforms that will stick are
going to have to arise peacefully. This is not to say, of course, that
they will necessarily arise via the "democratic process". The
government may simply find itself outflanked, for instance. (Imagine
as an example if the government realized tomorrow that allowing
citizens to know how to read would be dangerous -- its a little late
to stop it, so they will never do anything about that.)

@_date: 1993-08-18 14:55:47
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: World record in password checking 
peter honeyman says:
You can do even better if you happen to have 2000 sparcstations which
are idle for 16 hours a day. Myself, I wonder how many machines we
would need for a net parallel DES crack.

@_date: 1993-08-20 07:16:54
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Traveller's Checks... 
Jim Thompson says:
This is not where my masters make theirs most money. Remember, over
the course of a few weeks during which you hold the travelers checks,
the riskless rate of return will bring in an insanely small amount of
money. Currently, even long term rates are at best 6% per annum, and
you can't make that much in the money markets in practice. In fact,
real interest rates, that is rates taking inflation into account, are
near zero right now.
On the other hand, the percentage of face value that you are charged
when you buy the checks makes a couple percent instantly.
The float is just cream -- its not the bread and butter.
Who works for Lehman Brothers, a division of American Express
but who is not directly affiliated with Travel Related Services, who
issue Travelers Checks and "The Card".

@_date: 1993-08-20 07:31:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Traveller's Checks... 
Peter Baumbach says:
No. They have a special relationship with many governments around the
world and in order to keep it are extremely careful not to involve
themselves in anything that even remotely smells, especially after the
Safra affair a few years ago.

@_date: 1993-08-20 13:16:37
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Thurn, Thurn, Thurn (und Taxis, too!) 
Timothy C. May says:
Yes, Tim, but none the less creating newsgroups with .s used as
puncutation instead of as heirarchy seperators is considered Very
Rude. I think there is no reason for us to do something that is
considered Very Rude even if it is a good joke. Dashes are likely a
good compromise.

@_date: 1993-08-20 13:26:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Thurn, Thurn, Thurn (und Taxis, too!) 
Timothy C. May says:
Sorry -- I misunderstood. "alt.waste" would be perfectly fine.

@_date: 1993-08-23 19:21:41
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Chaum criticism 
Eric Hughes says:
I think I have a scheme for real off-line payments, that is, payments
that do not require an observer at the time of transaction (although
they would require a couple of on line transactions in advance). They
would require that people conduct transactions in a style that they
are not used to, but would require no trust and would allow full
anonymity of parties.  Unfortunately, I don't know enough about the mathematics of Chaum's
blinding schemes to know if the scheme I have in mind (which depends
on his scheme) would work. Could someone point me at a reference or
two on Chaum's original work? The mathematics associated with blinding
is, sadly, something that I haven't spent sufficient time on.

@_date: 1993-08-24 07:16:50
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: No digital coins (was: Chaum on the wrong foot?) 
Eric Hughes says:
In what sense are you "subservient", Mr. Hughes? The institution and
you have a contractual relationship in which they hold your money for
you and in exchange handle all sorts of inconvenient tasks, in
exchange for your having to pay them for performing these tasks by
letting them lend out your money. You can usually touch your money at
any time, though.
Doesn't seem to be terribly abusive. What do they do to you that's so
bad? Charge you for performing services? Shudder -- how horrible!
Capitalism! Ohmygod!
In any case I see no reason that small groups couldn't start digital
cash issuing organizations, just as very small groups can also form
banks -- you'd be suprised how small some credit unions are. Although
the cost of the infrastructure is high to DESIGN, it will presumably
be commercially available to any entity that wants to deploy it.
What is wrong with large organizations per se?

@_date: 1993-08-24 13:15:30
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: No digital coins (was: Chaum on the wrong foot?) 
Eric Hughes says:
There is no enforcement involved. If you truly feel that there is some
sort of horrific "power relationship" between large banks and their
customers, I would suggest that since the worst that they do to you is
charge you for performing services that you are upset with the notion
of banks charging for services.
I strongly disagree. The liberal and conservative agendas depend on
control of the people in order to work. Privacy, cryptocash, etc. will
all result in a strong shift towards a libertarian society -- without
any need for people to try to produce such a society. When you can no
longer trace money transfers, for example, taxation becomes difficult

@_date: 1993-08-24 13:26:54
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: "Trusts" vs. Trust. (was: Re: No digital coins) 
Marc Horowitz says:
Never happened. Its a myth, plain and simple. "Predatory pricing"
doesn't work -- any real business man can tell you that.
Unfortunately, decades of propaganda tell us all sorts of garbage.
Right now, some folks in Arkansas are suing Walmart for this very
offense -- Wallmart's real crime, of course, is providing too much
choice to the consumer at too low a price for the taste of their
As for Andrew Carnegie's empire, U.S. Steel, which was formed by
merging Carnegie's operations and all the other big steel producing
operations in the U.S., controlled well over 95% of steel production
in the U.S. when it was started -- and within a few years, was down to
under 50%. Oh, and Standard Oil was dropping in market share as fast
as a stone when it was broken up.
Anyone REALLY believe Microsoft is a monopoly, please raise their
hands. I hate MS-DOS, but no one is FORCED to use it -- its just,
unfortunately, a standard.
Nah. The Sherman Antitrust Act and all its friends are based partially
on myths, and partially on the desire of businessmen to get government
ENFORCEMENT of cartels. The ICC, for instance, was created entirely to
enforce cartel pricing on the railroads. Airlines scream loudly for
regulation -- because they don't like the low prices competition has
forced over the last decade. Most monopolies are things created by the
government -- phone companies or utility companies being given
exclusive franchises even though there is no real reason two or more
sets of lines couldn't be run. I can name exactly one significant real
monopoly -- that is, a monopoly that was not formed with the collusion
of the government and that wasn't a trivial case like "only pizza
parlor in the village" -- in U.S. history. The case in question was
Alcoa, and the only reason they maintained an aluminum monopoly as
long as they did was that they did everything they could to lower
aluminum prices and maintained minimal profits -- had they tried
jacking up profits, other companies would have appeared instantly.
Monopolies, cartels, etc, are all a myth. The longest any of J.P.
Morgan's railroad cartels lasted was a matter of months (until he got
the Interstate Commerce Commission created to get government to
enforce his cartels for him -- but thats another story). Cartesls and
monopolies are naturally unstable entities. OPEC was able to control
prices for only a couple of years before things crashed -- oil now is
near the same price it was in 1973 measured in real dollars (and OPEC
has NO regulation of its activities at all.)

@_date: 1993-08-24 13:31:54
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: No digital coins (was: Chaum on the wrong foot?) 
David Mandl says:
I agree with this -- however, I think the notion that people aren't
going to comment on other people's political comments is unrealistic.
If someone makes a political comment, its going to be answered.  My
suggestion is that people try to keep politics off the list and just
assume that people are interested in privacy for whatever reason.

@_date: 1993-09-10 18:32:55
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Digital warfare 
Carl Ellison says:
Perhaps the banker can't be anonymous, but the account certainly can
be. Many countries have centuries of experience with this. Hell, the
Austrians have 100% anonymous accounts to this day. Works just fine,
and no trust is involved.
Feel free to check my credentials. I assure you I earn more than
enough money at my job that it wouldn't be worth the FBI's money to
make the bribe big enough -- it would also have to cover the risk to
me that being an anarchist presents vis a vis my job -- someday I
might lose it for having strange political ideas, and salaries like
mine are hard to come by in other professions.
Its entirely possible that there are FBI agents on this list -- I
proceed on that assumption every day. Its also possible that there are
agents provocateur. However, I fully assure you that many of us are
legitimate anarchists of long standing, most of us being of the
capitalist anarchist persuasion.
I'll fully agree that arguing for anarchy with the general public
won't work at the current time -- and I agree that our image is
important. However, at this point the battle is being fought by folks
like EFF and CPSR. I for one don't see any reason to hide my politics,
although I try not to make an issue of it.

@_date: 1993-09-11 08:28:07
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Digital warfare 
Phil Karn says:
You have to accept that the tools for the one are the same as the
tools for the other. Its reasonable to not want to emphasize both, but
its unreasonable to assume that the enemy doesn't already know that
both are done with the same algorithms. If this worries you, come up
with your arguments now -- you will need them later.

@_date: 1993-09-11 08:38:06
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Digital warfare 
Jim McCoy says:
It is currently estimated that at least 10 MILLION people a year fail
to file income tax returns, and that another 10 MILLION file returns
that are partially or wholely fraudulent. The government would like
you to believe that this is rare, so they don't make much of it, but
the fact remains that your odds of being prosecuted for tax fraud or
failing to file are miniscule. They pick famous people every year to
go after like Leona Helmsley to get publicity, but they really don't
have the resources to go after more than a couple thousand people a
year. A large fraction of the economy in our country is completely
underground already.
This I disagree with. Even people who commit tax fraud every day are
horrified by the notion of other people committing it. Its strange,
but its a product of our "sanction of the victim" culture. The result
of this is that even people who would in the back of their mind love
to be able to commit tax fraud with no chance of being caught will not
support infrastructure that makes it possible.
This is not to say, though, that their support is needed. Countries
around the world have turned tax evasion and secret banking into
national industries. Look at the Swiss, for example. Computer networks
will make private electronic funds transfer systems, and the capacity
to take advantage of offshore banks, ubiquitous. The only way to stop
it, even if it were to become illegal, would be massive tapping of all
data transactions on a scale that could literally not be sustained
without bankrupting the government. Imagine trying to hire a staff to
monitor all binary data crossing international lines even at todays data
rates -- then imagine if those rates went up by three orders of
Quite simply, whether governments like it or not, income taxation is
pretty much doomed. Either they have to move to operating entirely on
the level of tangible property and tangible consumption taxation, or
they will starve.

@_date: 1993-09-12 10:33:23
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: nada against the gubbamess... 
loki asks:
This is completely beyond the scope of Cypherpunks -- this isn't a
list about anarchism, its a list about cryptographic privacy. I'll
gladly suggest a few books for you, though...
"The Machinery of Freedom" by David Friedman (yes, THAT Friedman's son).
"The Enterprise of Law: Justice without the State" by Bruce Benson
Both are likely available from Laissez Faire books, at 800-326-0996.
They have a free catalog. Benson's book is a thick, detailed and scholarly work that
concentrates solely on legal and judicial systems. Friedman's work is
a light survey of all sorts of libertarian and anarchist topics, from
monetary systems to a discussion of private judicial practice in
medieval Iceland.
Having presented some references, I suggest we now abandon the topic
of anarchism -- it isn't the purpose of this list. I think its
appropriate that people like me not hide our positions, but thats very
different from discussing them in an inappropriate place. There are
lots of discussion groups on the net for propertarian anarchists to
chat in -- and this is a list for cryptography.

@_date: 1993-09-12 17:28:28
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Re: The "Cypherpunk Melting Pot" 
Anonymous says:
I'll point out something about the history of that line most people
Our fine nation was founded by drug smugglers. The drug in question
was Rum, admittedly, but none the less, the point remains -- the
revolutionary war was financed by big time criminals like John Hancock
who made their money in smuggling contraband and other similar acts.
They made sure that the constitution they got was supportive of their
particular business interests. History teachers don't like pointing
this sort of thing out, but its none the less true. Our founders wanted a government that is very close in size to what
minarchist libertarians think of as being the "right size" -- there
was a scandal early on when the white house staff was expanded to four
people -- so it shouldn't be suprising that a correct reading of the
constitution leads to certain unpleasant conclusions for statists.
PS Thomas Jefferson once fretted heavily over whether a constitutional
amendment was needed to make the Louisiana Purchase. Think of that
image in your mind the next time you hear a congressman propose some
new program that is plainly not authorized in the enumerated powers
section of the constitution.
(By the way, if your history teacher fed you the bull that the "escape
clause" means congress can pass any law it likes, I suggest looking up
the legal doctrine that the "exception proves the rule", and check out
the history of FDRs administration, paying special attention to
the early constutional battles like the so called Scheckter "Sick
Chicken" case and to the phrase "Court Packing".)

@_date: 1993-09-14 07:34:58
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: warez garbage cluttering the screen 
1) I don't favor piracy. I especially don't favor piracy by people who
   can't capitalize or spell, and who think that saying "rich fat fucks"
   is a suave conversational gambit.
2) I agree that piracy is not the proper subject of this list.
3) If Mr. Thug wants to discuss piracy, there are thousands of places
   for him to do so.
Murdering Thug says:

@_date: 1993-09-18 21:41:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: analysis: attack PKP driven? significance of June 1, 1991 
"L. Detweiler" says:
Why all this silly speculation? We will all know the complete answers
soon enough. There is no need for us to reach out and "investigate".
There are lots of better uses of our time. Cypherpunks CODE, remember?
Go out and code or give radio interviews. Trying to second guess facts
that we will soon have directly in our hands seems unnecessary.
"We" need no information. We are not the attorneys. EFF and the rest
are involved and have fine lawyers and investigators. Anything "We"
uncover will be useful only for personal amusement. "We" don't even
have our facts right -- the "NSA" has not been directly harassing
ANYONE. Although we may speculate with some likely accuracy that the
NSA has been involved, it is the Commerce and State departments that
enforce the crypto export laws.
I'd calm down, Mr. Detweiler. Write some code -- its a productive

@_date: 1993-09-19 08:15:48
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: more deranged lunatic ravings -- just delete 'em! 
"L. Detweiler" says:
We did, yes. You see, the ATTORNEYS, who were being PAID, because they
were PROFESSIONALS, handled things.
As I've noted in private mail to you, *WE* are not conducting this
investigation. *WE* are not involved. *WE* haven't been summoned to
provide evidence in court.
Well, yes -- so what?  If you wanted to go out and make a systematic
list of encryption software available overseas for the defense, that
would indeed be a useful act. It seems, however, that you are intent
on yammering. Its one thing if you were looking for useful evidence,
but it seems that you are simply going around screaming about how the
NSA is out to get us. Well, the yammering is not an "investigation".
If you do want to help, find something productive.
Thats a secret. Even if you found out, which would require subborning
a juror (a crime) or otherwise bribing an official (a crime), you
would be put in jail for contempt of court if you told anyone.
Of course. Anything can be expanded. It could also fail to bring
indictments -- but thats unlikely. It is said, not without truth, that
a grand jury will indict a ham sandwich if the prosecutor asks.
They are beyond the scope of U.S. law. None of these are hard questions. They are all, in fact, trivial.
You know, many of the decafinated brands taste just as good as the
real thing nowadays. I'd try them.
Well, yes. I don't get easily excited about court cases. The case is
IMPORTANT, but having had long experience with courts, I know that
things are going to take years to resolve. I was once involved in a
civil suit that required five years to resolve -- and there are
probate cases around that have required decades.
Look at the process here. The Grand Jury investigation gets followed,
possibly, with indictments, which are followed, some very long period
of time later, by a trial, which also takes a long period. It could be
a year or even several before we even finish the trial phase on this,
and by the time it goes through all the levels of appeal to the
Supreme Court (assuming fundamental questions of constitutional law
come up_ it could be many years before its all over.
I have a great deal of trouble getting excited over something that
will take years to resolve, yes. This is not like watching the D-Day
invasion, or even like watching trench warfare in WWI. This is very
much like watching people playing chess while immersed in ice cold
molasses. Hard to get thrilled by the pace, Mr. Detweiler.

@_date: 1993-09-19 08:25:48
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Does this seem illegal to you? 
If he has her phone number, and its listed, he can check any reverse
phone directory, get her address, and do this anyway. He doesn't need
spring telemap. If she's stupid enough not to get an unlisted number,
then Sprint Telemap isn't going to do anything worse than what can be
done already.
"George A. Gleason" says:

@_date: 1993-09-19 11:19:47
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: more deranged lunatic ravings -- just delete 'em! 
Ed Carp says:
Oh? Have you been hired as an attorney for either side?
Yes, thats fine and well, but this is very different from saying that
"*WE* have to conduct an investigation and get to the bottom of this"
as if "we" are even a group or in possession of resources to do any
such thing. Indeed, what Mr. Detweiler has largely been proposing is
Cypherpunks CODE. Quit yammering and start coding. I'm coding. Its
fine to keep up to date. Its fine to send big checks to EFF. Its fine
to do some legwork if you think it can help. However, what is the
point in saying inane things like "we have to find out what the grand
jury is investigating" when its a bloody secret and we don't get to
find out until they unseal their indictments?
Not lackadaisical. Simply not in a state of hyperactive disarray. WE
are not doing the groundwork. The attorneys are. WE are not about to
be charged with a crime. WE have no reason to go into a frenzy of
activity -- I see nothing that WE can do. It isn't up to us.
You sound like someone upset that the supreme court is about to rule
about abortion and screaming "WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING". Well what,
precisely, do you propose to do? Take over the legal work when you
aren't a lawyer? Complain? Scratch your crotch and look important?
This isn't in our hands. If you think you have information of use to
the lawyers, give it to them and be done with it -- there is nothing
else you can do.
Oh? How many cases involving billion dollar settlements can you name?
Care to give us a list?

@_date: 1993-09-19 14:09:48
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: What can we do in the next few days? 
Timothy C. May says:
[rest elided.]
What he said. Thank you, Tim.

@_date: 1993-09-19 14:25:54
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: more deranged lunatic ravings -- just delete 'em! 
Ed Carp says:
Thats not my advice. I just recommend that we leave the lawyering to
the lawyers or those who, like John Gilmore or Dan Bernstein, have
learned enough that they might be able to tell valuable things to
them. The rest of us have many things we can do, which Tim has already
said, but among them are...
1) Code! Code! Code! The more stuff is out there, the less they will
   be able to do.
2) Spread cryptographic software.
3) Catalog publically available cryptographic software overseas on the
   net. The lawyers might need this.
4) Catalog publically available cryptographic software and textbook
   descriptions in the U.S. -- the lawyers might need this.
5) Write articles describing the overall picture and get them
   published.
6) Keep informed.

@_date: 1993-09-19 19:15:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Attn: P. Metzger and an36440, please delete this immediately 
"L. Detweiler" says:
What theories? We *know* they are the ones who care about crypto and
have been trying to keep it restricted. This is as interesting as
saying "you know, I think that France is in Europe." Some have
accurately made the statement that the NSA does not directly enforce
any anti crypto export regulations but has to act through the commerce
department and the department of state, but we all know that they are
the ones who care in the long run. As for who in particular set off
this investigation, well, what does that matter? Lets say that it was
the NSA. Does this change anyone's strategy here?
Nah. I think that I pretty much summarized it the first time, although
you are misquoting me, in so far as I didn't use all those terms in
one phrase.

@_date: 1993-09-19 19:55:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Cryptophone 
Mike Ingle says:
There is no one such project. There are several of them that I know
of. If you think its an interesting thing to do, I strongly encourage
working on it on your own -- its not the sort of thing that requires
lots of people working on it, but it is the sort of thing that more
people talk about than do.
I fully agree.
Recent developments have been interesting on other fronts. 24kbps and
28kbps modems have arrived on the market, albeit at high prices. When
the final V.Fast standard comes in, 28kbps modems should cost only a
few hundred dollars. Although ordinary workstations can't do CELP fast
enough, GSM appears to be easily workable even on "normal" computers.
There is no case law or statute on this. The folks writing the laws
didn't understand computers and had no notion of the fact that it was
possible for someone physically outside the country to access
information physically inside the country. With luck, the case will
simply be overturned, and there may never be any case law defining
this silly form of "export".

@_date: 1993-09-20 06:07:08
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: meaningless rumor 
"L. Detweiler" says:
Thanks. That one was REALLY hard to figure out from the fact that the
subpoena mentioned only PGP. Your high level source could be anyone in
the continental U.S.
If you are going to act like a conspiracy theory type, could you at
least maybe stick to *interesting* rumors?

@_date: 1993-09-20 08:57:12
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted logins? 
Forrest Aldrich says:
There are many such systems. I suppose the kerberos suite's "klogin"
is the most popular these days, and options were being defined in
telnet to allow end to end encryption, though I don't know where
they've gotten to at this point.
Of course it would require a special communications program on both
ends -- there is no other way to do it.

@_date: 1993-09-20 09:46:10
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: a quote 
Doug Merritt says:
Its from P.J. O'Rourke's "Parliament of Whores".

@_date: 1993-09-21 09:08:04
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Gopher access to Federal Register 
John Gilmore says:
This can't be legal. You can copyright a collection, true, but you
can't hold copyright on an element of a collection of public domain
information. I'd check with a lawyer first, but I don't think they can
actually legally stop you.

@_date: 1993-09-21 12:46:34
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Why RSA? 
Derek Zahn says:
All are patented in so far as one of the patents covers ALL public key
schemes. Some, like Rabin's scheme, have possible technical advantages
over RSA.
(For the curious, Rabin's scheme is provably equivalent to factoring,
whereas RSA is not. Rabin's scheme is, however, vulnerable to chosen
plaintext attacks, but adding things like initialization vectors stops
that from being a problem.)

@_date: 1993-09-21 14:10:11
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Why RSA? 
Ed Carp says:
I don't know why I should trust it, and there are schemes I do trust
available that work fine, like Rabin's or even RSA.
No, because the patent says so. The patent might be overbroad --
indeed, I'd say that it is, but the only way to get it thrown out is
to have it reexamined or get the courts to toss it. If you have
several hundred thousand dollars available I'll gladly arrange to have
this done.

@_date: 1993-09-21 14:12:41
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Why RSA? 
Derek Zahn says:
Three people essentially were involved -- Diffie, Helman, and Merkle.
Two of them (I forgot which) filed a patent on the idea itself.
It can be easily argued that at the time the patent was filed
algorithm patents were impermissable, and it can also be argued that
the patent was overbroad. However, no one has ever tried to challenge
the patent properly. It would be a very expensive proposition.
My interpretation is that there isn't anything you could do that
wouldn't be seen to violate the patents. Personally, I feel the
patents are invalid. Care to donate enough money to challenge them?

@_date: 1993-09-21 15:13:11
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Bidzos on PGP and ITAR verbatim 
Marc Horowitz says:
I learned about lots of this stuff in an advanced course in
cryptography taught by Zvi Galil and some of his students and
colleagues (like Stu Haber and Joan Feigenbaum) at Columbia.
I suspect that there is an academic discipline here (lots of PhDs
specializing in cryptography) and papers and academic journals and
conferences make it fairly clear that this data is common in academia.

@_date: 1993-09-21 17:36:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Coding vs. Raving.... please don't fight amongst yourselves!! 
nate says:
Its not as simple as that. Phil Zimmermann has explicitly asked, on
advice of his attorneys, that people stay calm on this and not start
spewing accusations out or agitating so as not to cause harm to his
case.  Detweiler thinks he's "helping" even though Phil and others
don't want his help and feel that they could end up in jail as a
result of it.

@_date: 1993-09-21 20:46:43
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: a horrible conspiracy revealed! 
"L. Detweiler" says:
I wonder what the significance of L. Detweiler's name is? Obviously
its a Germanic name. Perhaps he's a Nazi... in fact, he might be the
reincarnation of all Nazis, somehow having been transfered into a
single body via the transmigration of souls. We certainly know from
open yogic literature that the transmigration of souls is possible.
Then there is his mysterious first name, which, as we know, starts
with an "L", which is the first letter in the name "Lucifer" too,
which is both a cryptosystem AND the name of the Lord of Hell. Could
this possibly be a coincidence? No way! In fact, I suspect that the
people who developed it at IBM must in fact be Satanists, as is
evinced by fact that "IBM" is a three letter acronym, and "GOD" is a
three letter word, but "IBM" is certainly not "GOD", and what could be
further from GOD than the devil! Perhaps, in fact, this is a
conspiracy between the minions of Satan and the transmigrated souls of
the Nazis I mentioned earlier! Then there is the odd coincidence of no
one ever having seen "L. Detweiler" and Jim Bidzos' mother in the same
place at once. Could this possibly be a coincidence? I doubt it. I
suspect that the Grey Aliens may be involved in this, having failed in
their attempt to capture Contraterra by placing it in an equilateral
relationship with earth and Jupiter, it appears that they have decided
instead to kidnap Jim Bidzos' mother and brainwash her into thinking
she was "L. Detweiler"! She may not even know she is being used this
way! I still, however, don't quite yet know how this meshes with the
Nazis and the satanists, but I've been rifling through the garbage
cans behind the Seeley Wintersmith Mudd building at Miskatonic
University, and I'm certain that the papers may show up any day now
which prove the links between these nefarious forces.

@_date: 1993-09-22 04:46:52
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: a horrible conspiracy revealed 
Timothy Newsham says:
If I told you what the point was, there would be no point in having
written it.

@_date: 1993-09-22 08:16:53
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Public-Key Crypto Toolkit 
Paul Robichaux says:
I agree. By having a good toolkit in C, we'd have an easy time not
just prototyping applications but building real and portable ones.
I'd suggest that a streams mechanism, so you could attach various
processes to a bunch of data in sequence the way unix filters work,
would also be nice. That way sequences like
compress -- des -- tran -- des -- idea -- radix-64ify
could be really easily built.

@_date: 1993-09-27 11:46:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Wiretap Article (2 of 2) 
Stig says:
What? This is the fist bit of substantive stuff on a list filled with
noise for months. What do you think the list is for? To provide a
place for conspiracy theorists to jerk each other off?
Ms. Steele, it was perfectly appropriate. This is exactly the sort of
thing the list is for.

@_date: 1993-09-28 05:56:19
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Clinton UN Speech / Msg to Prez/VP 
Mike Ingle says:
Messages sent to president are weighed, not read. I
suspect this will have about as much effect on the president as a note
written in a bottle and tossed into the ocean.
However, on that basis, its perfectly harmless for you to send a
letter saying anything whatsoever other than a threat on the
president's life, so if you and others would like to spend time
writing such a thing, you can feel free. Just remember that there is
no cypherpunks organization, so you can't claim to represent us.

@_date: 1993-09-28 16:11:35
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Phil Zimmerman on 'The Death of DES' 
I personally favor triple DES + IDEA. The notion is that if triple DES
is weak maybe IDEA isn't, and vice versa -- you are no weaker than the
strongest of the two systems.
Carl Ellison says:

@_date: 1993-09-30 10:46:37
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: How about a pgp RFC... 
Actually, an application type for MIME would seem to be more than
Brad Huntting says:

@_date: 1993-09-30 11:21:55
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: POISON PILL 
Sandy says:
Why wouldn't you? Its your machine, so what you do to it is perfectly
legal. You are under no obligation to make your equipment suitable for
people who wish to steal it.
Nothing you can do in software will actually work, because people can
always boot off a fresh disk and start from scratch.
I suggest that the best way, which is not easy, is to alter the roms
on the disk controllers so they will only work properly with a special
version of the operating system. Then, run the special version of the
operating system, which should require that you do something
periodically or it will self destruct. Even if they reformat the disk,
they still won't have the proper information to feed the controller so
that it doesn't do unfortunate things.

@_date: 1993-10-01 11:18:38
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: POISON PILL 
You can't be placed in jail for life for contempt. Eventually, they
release you even if you haven't given them the information.

@_date: 1993-10-02 13:14:24
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
anonymous says:
You haven't been listening at all to Mr. Godwin, have you?
1) The ECPA *DOES* apply to the BBSes whether they want it to or not.
   All the hoping in the world doesn't make a statute go away. Merely
   declaring that the ECPA doesn't apply to you doesn't work -- try
   declaring the tax laws don't apply to you some time and see if that
   works.
2) The BBS operators are NOT liable UNLESS they censor the mail. If
   they censor the mail, they are liable for anything they fail to
   censor. If they do not censor, they are common carriers, and have
   no liability.
In other words, jackasses pretending they understand the law have both
broken the law and made themselves more, not less, liable for anthing
left on their machines.
They take NO risk. They are common carriers if they stop censoring
their mail. People don't seem to understand that the law on this is
very clear.
By the idiotic logic the FIDO operators are using, the phone company
could be siezed if two people have a conversation about a crime over
the phone. The notion is, of course, absurd, and so is the stupid
half-assed amateur lawyering the people who wrote the FIDO policies
Actually, as I've just noted, you have not protected yourself. You
have opened yourself up for massive legal liability where you had none
The depths of human folly never cease to amaze me. This case is as if
a group of bankers, deciding that they were scared that they might be
held liable if one of their clients were a drug dealer (which they
aren't) decides to embezzle all the client accounts instead to "keep
themselves safe".

@_date: 1993-10-02 13:24:23
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
Marc Horowitz says:
I have half a mind to get a FIDO account, try to send a message the
sysop doesn't understand so he'll stop it, and then call the U.S.
Attorney's office.
Actually, I wouldn't ever do that -- my libertarian ethics stop me,
since there is no real contract to get private mail between me and the
operator, never mind how stupid what is is doing is. However, the law
is the law. Disagreeing with it or consciously deciding to violate it
is one thing, but smug amateur lawyering in which you pretend that it
isn't supposed to apply to you is another.

@_date: 1993-10-02 14:14:25
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
Bob Izenberg says:
Mike Godwin will have to confirm this, but to my knowledge Common
Carrier is NOT a status you have to apply for. UUNET operates as a
common carrier and has never registered with anyone.

@_date: 1993-10-02 15:08:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
Bob Izenberg says:
Many sorts of status do not require that anyone GRANT you anything.
Lets say, for example, that you live in state that permits common law
marriage. In such a state, it is sufficient to think of yourself and
your S.O. as married, and behave in that manner -- at that point you
legally are married. (Note that common law marriages are now only
possible in a few state -- 9 I believe.)
As for what "common carrier" means, it means that the law recognizes
that you are a carrier of things, not a creator of them, and that you
are not responsible for what you carry. That means that the phone
company can transmit as many criminal phone conversations as it likes
without having its switches siezed.
In order to be a common carrier, you have to transmit all the messages
you receive without differentiating between them, paying attention to
what they are, or censoring them.

@_date: 1993-10-02 16:48:50
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
Ed Carp says:
Untrue. Common law marriage is a real marriage in every single sense.
There is no legal difference in states that recognize it. You need a
real honest to god divorce in order to end one. Look it up if you
don't believe me.

@_date: 1993-10-03 08:59:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
Ed Carp says:
If you still file "single" on your tax returns, you haven't met the
common law standard of acting in every way as if you were married.
This is true even of normal marriages. If you and your spouse simply
agreed never to make an issue of it, you could walk away and no one
would ever know.
I fail to see what your point is, but in any case this is NOT the
mailing list for discussing this topic.

@_date: 1993-10-03 09:14:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
Bob Izenberg says:
I noted it in the rest of my message. You have to act like a utility

@_date: 1993-10-03 10:24:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Fidonet 
anonymous says:
The rest of your posting is therefore 100% irrelevant.
Gee, you are starting to catch on, aren't you? Lets say that you operate a magazine, and decide what can and can't be
placed in it. You are then liable for the contents.
Lets say that instead you operate a courier service, and censor
nothing. You are then not responsible for what your clients.
Forget the common carrier question. If you actively decide what can
and cannot go through, then any time you fail to stop something you
are liable. If, on the other hand, you exercise no control, you have
no legal liability.
Mike Godwin, council to the EFF, has never heard of such a case. If
you believe one has occured, why don't you tell us precisely where and
when it occured?

@_date: 1993-10-03 10:34:33
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in FIDO 
Doug Merritt says:
Most states have laws that specifically assign liability to bartenders
for serving intoxicated patrons. That is why they are liable in this
instance. The rule does not generalize, however. A supermarket is not
liable for the heart attack that an overweight patron gets from eating
too much ice cream, for instance, since there is no law specifically
altering the default legal rules to assign liability in such an instance.
Thats true, but in this instance they are not unreasonable.

@_date: 1993-10-03 12:08:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Fidonet 
Ed Carp says:
Which one are you refering to? Be specific.

@_date: 1993-10-03 19:54:43
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: FIDOnet encryption (or lack thereof) 
Mike Godwin says:
Wouldn't users outside of Fidonet sending mail to Fidonet users also
have to agree to the terms, or is it sufficient for all Fidonet users
to have agreed?

@_date: 1993-10-04 11:04:42
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: NPR? 
Paul Baclace says:
Yes, they both exist independently.

@_date: 1993-10-06 06:19:15
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Need Suggestions for Random Numbers 
Matthew J Ghio says:
Don't use PRNGs for one time pads. To quote Don Knuth, anyone using
software methods to generate random numbers "is living in a state of
One time pads require REAL random numbers. If you are willing to, say,
use DES to generate your random numbers, you might as well encrypt
with DES instead of pretending that you have random numbers.
If you want a one time pad, do the logical thing -- go out and buy or
build a hardware random number generator. Don't pretend that if you
only make things "complicated enough" your numbers will be effectively
random, because they won't. See Knuth's huge section on random numbers
in "The Art of Computer Programming" for a demonstration of how a
really obscenely complex algorithm can yield bad numbers.

@_date: 1993-10-06 07:35:15
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Strong PRNGs 
Carl Ellison says:
What would the point of using this for a one time pad be, though? Why
not just use triple-DES and be done with the bulk and complexity?

@_date: 1993-10-07 21:05:37
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The death of the list as we know it (tm) 
Robert J Woodhead says:
All the excess traffic is metatraffic about how bad the traffic is.
Quit talking about the excess traffic and the problem will end.
Who gets 300-500 email messages a day and still gets his work done,
and who doesn't complain lightly about volume.

@_date: 1993-10-08 07:25:42
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: FIDONet Mail filterin 
Duncan Frissell says:
I think this is a bit extreme.
In any case, from what I can tell, none of the incidents the original
poster mentions involved any illegal activity, and none of them
involved email on a system. Everyone was aquitted or no charges were
brought. So, obviously there was nothing they could have done to
prevent them. Any time you do anything in an only semi-free country
like the U.S. you risk having the storm troopers break down your door,
regardless of what sort of anything that might be. You might be
arrested tomorrow because you share the same name as a drug dealer.
You might be killed like the heir to the Scott fortune was because the
state wishes to sieze your property. Who knows what could happen to
you. The point is, however, that there is very little you can do,
other than following the law, to stop unlawful arrests, so why not
just relax and quit worrying about things you have no control over?
Censoring your users mail will not lower your risk, so why do it?

@_date: 1993-10-09 09:39:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: This just in.. 
nick kaplinsky says:
People who want to post bizarre messages are directed to learn how the
"Delete" key works.

@_date: 1993-10-10 09:11:20
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Cause 
Michael Sattler says:
If you want to spew nonsense, please do so on one of the politics
newsgroups. This is for cryptography discussion.
Perry Who suspects that not one in five of the so-called "intellectuals" in
this country (who are all contemptuous of their own culture) even
knows what the cause of inflation is, and that not one in twenty
understands why increasing tax rates can lower tax revenues.

@_date: 1993-10-11 06:46:15
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? 
Jim McCoy says:
I don't care for the Government, but I suspect that Chase Manhattan
has a much better idea of the problems involved in cash transfer and
accounting systems than you guys do. People who've never worked for
financial institutions rarely understand where the real problems are.
I don't mean this to be patronizing -- I have a good deal of respect
for the smarts of people like Eric Hughes -- but its simply the truth.
I remember the first time I did some research into back office systems
and discovered where the real expenses at an institution were -- and
nearly fell over in shock. Real world bank people have to worry about
things like how to make sure that exceptional cases involving manual
intervention (which represent well over 95% of expense) are minimized,
they worry about auditing and making sure that systems are structured
in such a way as to avoid constructing the capacity to embezzle into
the system. They have to worry about downtime, clearing regulations,
imaging documents, and other gunk.  I say gunk because its all largely
unglamorous in the same way that 99% of mechanical engineering is now
both unglamorous and yet still critical to the safety of, say,
Doing these all right are skills which I have gained a good deal of
respect for over the years. A bunch of hackers with experience in
nothing but cryptography might get some of the privacy aspects right
at the expense of producing a system which is otherwise unworkable. I
wish you luck, but I want to warn you in advance that there is a good
reason that computer people doing design work at banking institutions
are usually a rare breed that get paid six figure salaries. If you set
out to do this, it isn't going to be a part time job, and it isn't
going to be something you can do without a good deal of expertise,
either learned the hard way or hired.

@_date: 1993-10-11 10:16:19
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? 
Douglas Barnes says:
Plenty. Find me a workstation with the sort of uptime a 3090 running
MVS will give you. I think this is a matter of neglect and a lack of
market pressure, but let it never be said that IBM's problem was a
lack of technological expertise. They have possibly the finest
manufacturing technology engineers in the world, and world class
computer jocks, even in the mainframe world. They have expertise in
scads. Their problem has always been an inability to understand that
they are in a competitive marketplace. Thats why they are always
suprised when their machines don't sell even though they are priced
too high. They are also too big to manage.
Hey, thats fine, but if you aspire to revolutionize a business you
should first understand it. To my knowledge, most credit unions do not
produce financial innovations.
Thats my point. The ordinary day to day problems of producing good
banking software are not trivial. Designing a dam for a large river
presents no technological challenges whatsoever. Try doing it without
a lot of specialized knowledge.
So you are starting a bank. Tell me -- can you tell me what a bankers
acceptance is? What the clearing time is for checks? What sort of
securities instruments a bank is allowed to invest in? If you find
yourself with fractional pennies in a transaction, what do you do with
them? Can you tell me what organization sets accounting practices in
the U.S., and what the name of their major publication is? Whats a
CUSIP number? If one of your credit union's members cashes a savings
bond, what sort of tax information must your accounting system keep,
and what forms are you obligated to file, and when? How do you clear a
check from an out of country bank? Indeed, how do you clear a a check
from an american bank? What, legally, is a check? What language is
needed on a loan document to make the loan transferable?
This stuff isn't difficult. There is just scads of it. Getting the
software to handle all of it properly isn't a part time job. Stating
that you are setting out to produce "the" banking protocols of the
future when you don't grok banking yet is a bit on the hubristic side.

@_date: 1993-10-11 10:19:48
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? 
Jim McCoy says:
Well, I'm glad that you understand that there is a problem here.
I have. Commercial paper isn't actually too bad -- its pretty logical
once you understand the principles.
I wish you luck.

@_date: 1993-10-11 15:59:50
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking DES 
Karl Lui Barrus says:
Tell you what, Karl -- when you build the device that can store 2^56
encryptions, let us know. You'll make a mint in the storage technology
business. Also let us know how you'll index and fetch the encryptions
in any reasonable time while you are at it, but by comparison thats a
tiny problem.
Karl, are you sure that you want people to think you believe this?

@_date: 1993-10-11 19:26:25
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking DES 
J. Eric Townsend says:
My bogometer just triggered, so I decided to check your math.
(2^56)*8 = 576,460,752,303,423,488 ((2^56)*8)/72 = 8,006,399,337,547,548 or eight quadrillion bytes.
Gee, half a terrabyte. Thats 16,000 times less than you claimed.
Your off the shelf slow speed tape technology isn't even 1/16,000 of
what you claimed, and its over a million times less storage than you
would need, in *RAM*, for the proposed task.

@_date: 1993-10-11 19:31:05
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: whoops! 
J. Eric Townsend says:
Ah, reality catches up.
You also forgot a factor of 8...

@_date: 1993-10-12 08:21:29
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Summa Pro Credit Union 
"Michael E. Marotta" says:
Chem Bank has offered this in New York for at least five years and
possibly longer.  Systems like this are commercially available. I don't
think its an "innovation".  Citibank offered banking by modem
("Pronto") about nine years ago. None of this stuff is new or
thrilling, and it was all pioneered by the big New York banks.
Anyway, I stand by my general statement, but it really wasn't that
important. Lets get off the topic.

@_date: 1993-10-12 09:41:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Why X/Open in London? 
"mycal (voices through your head @ 88.1MHz)" says:
The free trade pact and COCOM regs mean that Canada is as restrictive
as the U.S.  This makes your story hard to swallow.

@_date: 1993-10-12 10:21:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking DES 
Doug Merritt says:
Look, I'll repeat the calculation again for anyone who cares to see
it, ok?
(2^56)*8 = 576,460,752,303,423,488
(2^56)*8*1000/(10^9) = 576,460,752,303
Assuming your very own figure of $1000 per gigabyte, the total comes
to $576 BILLION dollars, just for disk storage, without anything else.
You can scream your head off and the calculations still will come out
the same way.
Lets think for a moment, shall we? You are encrypting every possible
block with DES, which results in lots of random blocks. You really
want to search through the lot of them serially without any indexing
whatsoever? Seems like you haven't thought this out.
Oh, now I just realized -- you are going to have to store each source
block with each output block. That means that even if you don't do any
indexing, you are going to need twice the disk space I just mentioned,
or over $1 TRILLION in disk for a very slow DES cracker.
Sorry, but you lose.
Never designed a disk system, have you? Sorry, but you can't actually
read a disk as fast as you can read RAM. Caching only works if you
have frequently accessed blocks -- if you are reading a whole disk you
can't go faster than the disk transfer rate no matter how many gods
you pray to. Your technical credibility is rapidly plunging.
Guess you can't read my calculations, can you?
And I was off by a factor of two as well, which I just discovered. My
current estimate for real cost is about 1.5 Trillion, which is over
the national federal budget.
Sort of like saying "if you don't like the laws of physics, pick
different laws"?

@_date: 1993-10-12 20:49:58
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking DES 
Karl Lui Barrus says:
It *IS* infeasable, and they realize it. The breakthrough was
differential cryptanalysis itself, and the discovery that DES was
fairly resistant to it. The fact that they made ANY crack in it was
kind of neat, by the way.
A huge number of chosen plaintexts is of course pretty much not
possible in practice, especially since you might not get any chosen
plaintexts at all!

@_date: 1993-10-13 07:36:40
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Breaking DES 
Doug Merritt says:
You don't know anything about hashing, then.
When I use a hash table, it is never a substitute for storing the
actual value of the thing I'm hashing. Its always just a way of
rapidly FINDING the underlying object. I have to store the underlying
object in order to compare to it. As an example, in a hashed symbol
table, I store the actual symbols.
If you tried to work out your proposed cracking algorithm instead of
requesting that other people do all your thinking for you, you'd see
what was wrong with it. The two are very similar in our field. Cracking RSA with a 2000 bit
key is merely impractical, not impossible, where "impractical" is
defined as completely beyond human ability.
You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him think.

@_date: 1993-10-13 08:19:59
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? 
Kasuga Jingoro says:
This isn't cypherpunks stuff. I'll happily argue with you elsewhere.

@_date: 1993-10-13 08:36:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Notes from House Hearing on Cryptography Export Controls 
Daniel J. Weitzner says:
Rohrbacher was once a libertarian, although he's done much to cover up
that fact over the years since.

@_date: 1993-10-14 09:17:15
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: DES 
Jamie Jamison says:
DES only takes 56 bit keys.
Using brute force, it would take the cube of the time it takes to break
single DES. Whether a more sophisticated techinque is possible is unknown.

@_date: 1993-10-14 11:11:58
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: DES 
wonderer says:
In spite of the "standard" most people do triple DES with three keys.
With the two key system, it would take T^2+T time to do the
calculation, where T is the time to crack single DES on your machine.

@_date: 1993-10-14 11:51:59
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: DES 
Joe Thomas says:
Lets assume we are using three keys, which I what I meant. Lets say 1
is the time do one encryption. (On a parallel machine, just think of
things as being on a uniprocessor going N times faster.) It would take
2^56*N time to break single DES. My claim is that it should take
(2^56)^3 = 2^56*2^56*2^56 = 2^168.  Your claim, which is that it would
take 2^56*2^112=2^168, which is the same. The only difference is that
I didn't assume piplineing so there is a constant factor different
floating around somewhere.

@_date: 1993-10-15 08:47:08
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: An idea. 
Carl Ellison says:
Not true. Its a common myth, though. I imagine Duncan Frissell or one
of the other lawyers on the list could expand on this.

@_date: 1993-10-15 10:02:08
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: PROOF POSITIVE OF POISON 
Matthew B. Landry says:
Yes. I saw proof that S. Boxx's posts are an annoying waste of time.
I suggest ignoring them, though -- whats the point in wasting MORE
time discussing them, given that he's unlikely to stop posting them no
matter what we do.
I think he thinks there is some sort of elitist conspiracy going on
here where the people that know how to add and multiply are looking
down on the people who don't.
Less than you imagine.

@_date: 1993-10-15 13:07:09
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: ARTICLE: IRS learning how 
Paul Baclace says:
No laws against taking 80k in cash out, either. You just have to fill
out the right forms. The problem is that taking that much out tends to
indicate that you have signature authority over a foreign bank account
which you neglected to mention on your 1040 form last year.

@_date: 1993-10-17 17:52:03
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: IRS LEARNING . . . 
Phil Karn says:
You don't need legal tender laws to make a currency worthwhile.
In many third world countries, U.S. Dollars and German Marks are more
accepted than local currencies for transactions. There are no laws in
those countries mandating that these currencies be accepted -- indeed
the laws usually make them illegal -- and yet they are accepted. If
Union Bank of Switzerland set up a digital cash system that officially
was not sanctioned for use in the U.S. but in practice could be, it
would make little difference whether the U.S. Government liked,
sanctioned, or even permitted it.
How could "reputation" take the place of government in the enforcement
of contracts? Well, I'd say that you don't quite have the right
question in mind, but I would direct you to Bruce Benson's "The
Enterprise of Law." Basically, I will start by pointing out that
modern contract law was developed entirely in private merchant courts
without any power of enforcement, and yet still worked. The system in
question, the Lex Mercatoria, was only co-opted fairly recently by
state-based legal systems. There are many ways that contracts can be
enforced without the use of the state, and I don't mean through the
use of mafia hit-men, either.

@_date: 1993-10-17 21:12:06
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: digital cash/legal tender 
F_GRIFFITH says:
No digicash system can possibly operate under this constraint. Mere
numbers, unlike gold, can be duplicated. Without some sort of central
verification involved the techniques cannot work. I suppose "true"
digitcal cash by your definition is impossible.

@_date: 1993-10-17 21:37:06
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: digital cash/legal tender 
Ray says:
Such a system would depend on people trying to break the system being
unsophisticated. I do not believe you can rely on trick hardware to
provide "copy protection" for digital coins.

@_date: 1993-10-18 16:27:21
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: jrk@sys.uea.ac.uk (Richard Kennaway) 
Paul Baclace says:
Go to you local copier store. Pay cash. No one will care.
Others have not.

@_date: 1993-10-18 17:37:20
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: jrk@sys.uea.ac.uk (Richard Kennaway) 
Paul Baclace says:
So am I. Some of the low end units are only $5000-$7000.
People pay cash for things that expensive all the time. Its really not
such a big deal.

@_date: 1993-10-18 19:37:19
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Anarchy (jrk@...) 
catalyst-remailer says:
Its "apocryphal".
I've finally figured out why all these people insist on posting
anonymously. They can't spell.

@_date: 1993-10-19 06:02:24
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: backing? 
Doug Merritt says:
Average inflation since 1970 has been higher than before 1970.
Average inflation between the elimination of gold drawing rights and
the banning of gold ownership by private citizens and 1970 were higher
than in the immediate period before that.
Average inflation from the establishment of the Federal Reserve to the
depression was higher than in period before that, when inflation
scarcely occured for almost 120 years.
Seems to be a pattern to me, buddy boy.
Not bear markets. Inflation.
Lets model the non-digital forms. Non-digital currency for
approximately three thousand years was gold or promisary notes to pay
in gold. In every time and place that this was eliminated, the
currency eventually collapsed, from the systematic debasement of
currency by the last Roman Emperors to revolutionary France all the
way to Weimar Germany and soon the former Soviet Union.  I agree that
we should follow the historical models. Gold cannot be printed, is
cheap to store, and is widely recognized as having value.

@_date: 1993-10-19 17:42:29
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Backing 
This has nothing to do with crypto. Hit your delete button now...
Matthew J Miszewski says:
It causes no problems whatsoever, other than preventing unrestrained
printing of currency, which governments always detest.
The money supply in a fractional reserve banking system with note
issue is not limited, because this is a fractional reserve, and not
100% reserve, system.
In fact, this system functions far better than a central bank, because
of a planning problem that should be familiar to free market
The problem is this: central planning of the money supply leads to
shortages and surpluses of money, which produces giant artificial
swings in the economy. I can most easily explain this by analogy to
the problem of production in a socialist vs. a capitalist society. In
a centrally planned economy, virtually all goods exist in large
surpluses or shortages because they are produced by a plan that lacks
market information and priced without regard to market information. In
a capitalist economy, the law of supply and demand keep the market in
line, efficiently allocating the goods within the economy.
The Fed has to try to control the money supply with very poor
measurements of economic activity and blunt instruments like open
market purchases of treasury instruments. This is very much like the
problem of socialist production planning. On the other hand, in a free
banking system, there are none of the problems of the business cycle
artificially induced by central banking because the money supply will
always be controlled in a distributed manner by the market, and will
rise and fall naturally with the demand the market produces. Increased
economic activity will produce natural rises in interest rates
precisely tuned to the needs of the economy by the invisible hand --
similarly, decreases in economic activity will lower rates in the same
manner. The money supply itself will self regulate because of the
excess clearing rule that free banks issuing notes must follow. Its
all very elegant, very simple, and its remarkable that people didn't
realize how important an idea this was until fairly recently.
If you want to read up on this, I suggest George Selgin's "The Theory
of Free Banking". It was his PhD thesis at NYU.
Yes. Fondly. However, the Gold Standard I fondly remember was the one
from the days when bank notes weren't taxed and banks were free to
issue them at will.

@_date: 1993-10-20 10:22:35
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: why anon bank acct? 
"Robert J. Woodhead" says:
Who needs to break it? At the current rate, it will have destroyed
itself within a decade. "Stability" in our fair land is an illusion.
The government cannot possibly pay for all the services it pretends it
can. The deficit is going to rise another $1 Trillion in the next four
years under Bill Clinton's very optimistic projections -- my suspicion
is that the slowdown in economic activity he is creating will make it
rise more like $2 Trillion or more. At some point, the bond buyers
stop buying, and thats the end of the game. The Clinton Administration
is currently pretending to itself that it can add the most expensive
government program of all time, a trillion dollar socialized medicine
program, while all this is happening. Well, let them dream.
Raising taxes at this point will only DECREASE revenue. They cannot
raise more money than they already consume. They can only lower the
deficit by cutbacks, and they are pressing ahead with more new
spending each year in spite of the claims. (When you hear them say
"budget cuts", that means "we are going to spend less than we wanted
to, not less than we spent last year".)
There are also trillions of dollars in off-books unfunded debt, such
as federal obligations to federal retirees, the invisible "social
security trust fund" (hah!), federal obligations associated with loan
guarantees, banking insurance schemes, etc. The party will be over soon enough. Humpty Dumpty doesn't need to be

@_date: 1993-10-20 15:17:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: why anon bank acct? 
Sameer Parekh says:
Agreed. I'm partially responsible for continuing it, but I agree that
its irrelevant, no matter how interesting.

@_date: 1993-10-20 15:32:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Paper Shredders 
Stanton McCandlish says:
Fire is, of course, an optimal solution, and those of us who live or
work in a building with a fireplace or incinerator would do well to
use it. However, its hard to spend every day burning things, and
besides that, many of us live and work in urban areas where fireplaces
and other places you can burn large numbers of papers are rare. The
question is thus not out of place.
By the way, the standard method for destroying embassy documents in
case of siezure (not done during the Iran hostage crisis) is
reportedly Thermit grenades. (Thermit would likely reduce a filing
cabinet to slag in moments.)

@_date: 1993-10-20 16:22:38
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Backing 
Not a cryptography message -- sorry but I thought I had to discuss it...
Peter Baumbach says:
No. It punishes those who hoard it -- they don't get interest on their
Depends if they consider what the other has to be of value. Its all up
to them.
I don't see what the point would be. Why not just deal in a medium of
exchange? Sure. Thats what banknotes are.

@_date: 1993-10-20 20:02:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Anon Bank Accounts / Imminent Demise of US Govt (Conclusion) 
This is not cypherpunks related. I feel obligated to reply one last
time, but I won't discuss it further here -- I will gladly discuss it
with people in private email.
Robert J Woodhead says:
I would quite strongly disagree -- the evidence I have is that anarchy
can be far more comfortable for individuals of limited resources than
our current society. Don't believe the propaganda -- just because you
haven't seen certain functions you associate with government run by
the private sector does not mean they cannot be so run.
I would strongly disagree. Democracy is a poor way to run things.
Imagine if people had to vote on what computer to use and there was
only one kind of computer available in a given year. Far better, I
think, to allow people the freedom to choose what they want in a free
market. Voting isn't, in and of itself, a good way to make decisions

@_date: 1993-10-21 08:47:56
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: backing 
Doug Merritt says:
A digital currency can be backed by gold held in some secure location
like the Zurich Free Transit Warehouse. U.S. Dollars are backed by
absolutely nothing other than blind faith in the U.S. Governement.
Who's kidding whom?
In any case, Gresham's Law applies to situations in which two coins of
differing metalic content are both made legal tender -- it doesn't
really apply in a general case.

@_date: 1993-10-21 09:12:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Mail delivery question 
Hal Finney says:
All mail has two sets of "To" addresses. There is the ENVELOPE
address, which you do not see, and the HEADER address, which is mere
window dressing. I could have the headers say "To: That Lousy Schmuck"
and the mail would still arrive. The envelope and header addresses
have to be kept seperated for all sorts of very sound reasons that I
could explain happily in private mail. The envelope address is passed
around using the "RCPT" command in SMTP and is never contained in the
mail message itself.

@_date: 1993-10-21 09:32:56
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Paper Shredders 
"Perry E. Metzger" :
Yup.  Actually you don't even need the gernade, you could just store
some thermit in the filing cabinet and then ignite it when necessary. It's very stable and very unlikely to ignite by accident.  In fact, just
dropping a burning match on it usually won't ignite it, usually you need
some sort of accelerator to make it explode.  Plus, it's easy to make
(Iron oxide (rust) + aluminum).

@_date: 1993-10-21 10:22:48
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Gold in them thar Bills... 
Peter Wayner says:
As for "I can't eat gold", you can't eat U.S. Dollars, either. If you
need U.S. Dollars, Marks, Pounds, Yen, or anything else, and you have
gold, you can simply sell some gold. If you need food, you can buy it
with currency purchased with the gold, or can purchase it with the
gold directly.
As for "in my book, silicon is worth more than gold", I'll happily
trade you 100 kilos of silicon for 100 kilos of gold any day you like.
Assuming you aren't fibbing, you should take the trade, since the
silicon is worth more to you.
Of course, you'd be a fool. Silicon is plentiful, and costs pennies
the kilo. Gold is not plentiful -- the market value is around $10,000
the kilo.

@_date: 1993-10-21 10:28:00
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: why an envelope 
Enough people have asked that I'll explain why envelopes are seperated
from headers in mail.
Lets say I'm sending mail with the following header
Mail gets stored and forwarded many times during its delivery process
on a large internet. If at every stage the only hint the mailer had
for delivery was the header address, every mailer along the way would
have to generate three copies of the mail in order to guarantee
delivery. Kind of nutty, eh?
Thats why there is a seperate envelope. When you generate the mail,
three seperate copies will be produced with seperate envelopes
indicating the mail whould be sent to "foo", "bar", and "baz", and the
mailers in between don't look at the headers at all.
This is a slight simplification because envelopes can contain multiple
addresses -- but thats when you are sending one message to many people
via a common path -- the mailer at the last step where the mail can
take a common path is expected to break the envelope up before sending
it further along.

@_date: 1993-10-21 12:07:58
@_author: Perry E. Metzger 
@_subject: Re: Gold in them thar Bills... 
Paul Ferguson x2044 says:
I can take the pound of gold to MTB down the block and have dollars,
yen, or anything else I like, within 15 minutes. I can then take those
to buy Big Gulps.

@_date: 1993-10-21 12:12:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: backing 
F_GRIFFITH says:
This is not what Gresham's Law says.
Gresham's Law is that if there are two kinds of coins that are stated
by law to have equal value, the one thats actually worth less because
of metal content will be the one that you spend first. It doesn't
apply in this instance at all.

@_date: 1993-10-21 12:47:59
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: backing 
Alexander Reynolds says:
Precisely what I said -- coinage stated BY LAW to ahve a certain value.

@_date: 1993-10-21 13:18:01
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Gold in them thar Bills... 
Alexander Reynolds says:
Pardon, but what does the purity of the gold have to do with who mints it?
Have you ever heard of doing an assay?

@_date: 1993-10-21 13:22:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: backing 
Hal Finney says:
The mortgage contracts are not equivalent to the property -- in
particular, the property can rise rapidly in dollar denominated value
while the mortgage notes become worthless in a hyperinflation

@_date: 1993-10-21 15:33:04
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Gold in them thar Bills... 
Howard Suutala - ICD says:
Of course. I will point out, by the way, that a Credit Suisse ingot
will do just as well for you. Its also fairly easy to determine if you
are dealing with nearly pure gold or not.

@_date: 1993-10-22 06:03:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Backing 
Peter Baumbach says:
Traditionally, banknotes have NOT been 100% backed. Even if you chose
to have your digital cash itself fully backed, presumably few people
would place their money in checkable accounts (that is, counts upon
which drafts may be drawn) that were not at the very least invested
SOMEHOW. 100% reserve accounts might be available, with negative
interest to pay expenses, but I doubt many would use them for much
other than things like escrow accounts. Certainly whenever a bank
loaned you money or invested money it would do so with fractional
reserve instruments, as banks traditionally have.
If you own 1 ton, you just own one ton of gold. The medium of exchange
isn't a special commodity.  There isn't one dollar bill out there
somewhere for every dollar of value in property in the U.S. -- not
even one dollar bill for every hundred dollars in value! (I might be
slightly wrong on this exact figure, but the order of magnitude is
right.) Imagine I owned 1/20,000 of the dollar bills in the country
and kept them under my mattress. Would I own 1/20,000 of the wealth of
the U.S.? Would my "investment" grow in value as the U.S. economy
grew? Of course not, and of course not, but thats precisely what you
were implying.
Thats correct. On the other hand, most people don't want to trade
directly for services, because that would generate great
inefficiencies. Lets say you were a programmer -- not everyone you
would want to trade with would want or need your skills. How would you
buy bread, say? A medium of exchange is a wonderful way to securitize
barter -- thats basically what it is, you know.
Why not just have people use a normal currency? Seems like you have
some bizarre idea that the poor won't be able to afford the real
currency, which is silly.
Untrue. She's done work. Replace "gold" with "diamond", which she
sells to a jeweler.
You have this strange view that the medium of exchange is somehow
different from any other commodity. It isn't. Get that idea out of
your head.
It doesn't prevent anything at all. If gold is expensive in terms of
human labor, than all the players involved will use small amounts of
gold for their transactions. IF gold is cheap, they will use large
amounts. In neither case, however, will they notice any difference in
outcome at all. In other words, you are thinking as though the medium
of exchange in and of itself mattered, which it doesn't. Replace "gold" with "dollars" in your exposition and see how silly it
now sounds.
Actually, that part is very easy -- the excess clearings rule means
that the bank would go belly up within days or (in the modern world of
electronic banking) hours if it did that -- all the other banks it was
clearing with would notice massive outflow of the backing commodity
from the bank's accounts. Its very hard to cheat in this sort of
system. Thanks to computers, its easier than ever for people to check
on what banknotes (or their electronic equivalent) are good.
Or whatever. It really doesn't matter what the backing commodity is.
I think you've just discovered why it is that people use a medium of
exchange and not some strange barter system. Fungibility is an issue,
and the use of a standard medium of exchange means that you can
securitize barter.
Not at all. Puts and calls are bets -- they have behaviors very much
unlike trading in the underlying stocks. Of course, you can build
"synthetics", which behave like the underlying stock, but the options
themselves are rarely used that way because the market is efficient
and thus you can't make money that way.
More accurately, they use options as a means of increasing leverage.
I suggest learning more about how banking and economics works before
discussing this further -- there are some basic assumptions we are
both making that are very different.

@_date: 1993-10-23 22:13:09
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
Alexander Reynolds says:
My friend Harry S. Hawk, who runs the Extropians list, works for an ad
agency. I remember his reaction once to a news report about the nose
on Joe Camel being a penis. He said, more or less...
"yeah, I can see it now. The big guys are all in a meeting in the
conference room, and they call in the artist and tell him 'It looks
good, but frankly, it needs to be more, well, penis shaped. The nose,
that is.'"
No credible studies have ever shown that people notice subliminal
messages. No credible studies have ever shown any of these "embedded
images", either. If you believe they are there, it should be easy to
find them. Take a scanner, scan in any newspaper image. Display only
small subsets of the grey levels at once and your supposed subliminal
messages should pop right out -- only you won't see a thing because
they aren't there.
Sure, sex sells -- look at any beer ad. But that is a different
question. The notion that advertisers are going around deliberately
incorporating hidden sexual imagery in an effort to boost sales has as
much credibility as "The Protocols of the Elders of Zion".
PS By the way, none of this paranoia has anything to do with cryptography.

@_date: 1993-10-23 22:18:31
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
Alexander Reynolds says:
Yup. All those tens of thousands of people (including unpaid summer
interns) working in the Ad business have all been sworn to
secrecy. Yeah, thats the ticket. And none of them ever talked, because
ad people are like the mafia, and will kill each other for talking,
which is why all those ad men end up floating in the East River all
the time. Yeah, thats the ticket.
By the way, I've got some swampland in Florida to sell you. Along with
some subscriptions to some Lyndon Larouche publications that will give
you incontravertable proof that the Queen of England is the worlds
biggest drug trafficer.

@_date: 1993-10-24 18:58:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Net Regulation 
T. William Wells says:
How will you take control? If Napoleon and Hitler couldn't manage it,
I doubt any of the mediocre dictators we have around these days could.
You can't forget that that the state can't violate the laws of physics
or economics. They can't extract more resources out of a country than
that country has, and they can't be everywhere at once.
Admittedly, if someone could put a *loyal* armed soldier over
everyone's shoulder on earth they could control everyone. How, though,
could they manage to do this?
I think you are the one who is ignoring this. The state is just as
subject to the problems of physical reality as anyone else.

@_date: 1993-10-25 06:39:51
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Net Regulation 
T. William Wells says:
On the contrary -- I am honored to be in your kill file, given the
apparent criteria. I hope never to leave it.

@_date: 1993-10-26 08:18:12
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: a desperate plea 
"L. Detweiler" says:
Why don't you go away? You are filling OUR mailboxes with junk.

@_date: 1993-10-26 08:18:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: an open offer 
S. Boxx says:
Detweiler, will you please shut up and go away?

@_date: 1993-10-26 14:47:46
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: anti-social behavior 
T. William Wells says:
Ray was being silly and I don't think his message was productive, but
anyone who cannot deal with someone making a silly and obviously
not-to-be-acted-upon threat is likely to crumple the first time a car
honks at them. I would suggest that such individuals are not the ones
we build society around -- were we to try to do so, almost all human
activity would have to cease. Out in the world there exist people who
are so damaged that the sight of a knife makes them go into a fit.
(The technical name for this condition is balenophobia I belive,
although I am almost sure I have the spelling wrong). We have not as a
society decided to eat with chopsticks to keep such people from being
confronted with things that scare them.

@_date: 1993-10-26 21:02:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: blacknet international offers DOSSIERS for SALE 
remail says:
Trust me, its worth it just for the nude photographys of me with an
ostrich. (How they got a camera into that vault, I'll never know.)

@_date: 1993-10-27 06:42:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: blacknet international offers DOSSIERS for SALE 
Douglas Barnes says:
Shh.... you'll give it away...

@_date: 1993-10-27 07:07:55
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: anti-social behavior 
T. William Wells says:
So he intended to cause pain? Big deal. I'm beginning to believe the
book "I'm Disfunctional, You're Disfunctional": it concludes that
people involved in the recovery movement are generally doing the
I'm the sort of guy who gets flamed constantly. I've been called the
worst possible things. Hasn't hurt me or crippled me. Calling people
names is stupid, but individuals who can't take being called names are
emotional cripples.

@_date: 1993-10-27 07:12:40
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: anti-social behavior 
T. William Wells says:
So the person intends harm? Words cannot cause physical damage. They
can always be ignored.
Bill has spent too much time in the recovery movement, and has dealt
with people who are nearly completely deranged so long that he no
longer understands what is expected of normal people.
Thats false. Everyone has the capacity to decide whether or not to pay
attention to words. Force, on the other hand, provokes a physical
reaction (such as bleeding, or perhaps dropping dead) that you can't
Read Thomas Szasz's (sp?) "The Myth of Mental Illness" for a critique
of modern excuses like "he couldn't help it". Also read "I'm
disfunctional, you're disfunctional" to learn about the sort of cult
the recovery movement has turned into.

@_date: 1993-10-27 08:47:54
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Security of PGP private keys 
Richard Kennaway says:
Because people can capture your keystrokes when you enter in the
password. They then have your secret key.

@_date: 1993-10-27 13:32:40
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Electronic fraud/and creditors abay. 
It appears another perversion has been released in the high beyond.
Remain calm.
carugo o says:

@_date: 1993-10-31 19:44:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Secure Phone Progress (fwd) 
Jim Thompson says:
That "CELP". I thought it was a misprint, but you wrote it more than
once that way.

@_date: 1993-11-07 08:48:10
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: ID of anonymous posters via word analysis? 
Astonishing how far urban legends go. This keeps getting distorted
further and further. I've heard this go further and further and
further from the version I first heard. I wonder if there ever was a
real story to begin with.
"George A. Gleason" says:

@_date: 1993-11-08 10:18:23
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Private and Public 
Arthur Chandler says:
You are asking a political, not a technical, question. Personally, I
don't believe there is such a thing as a social contract -- I never
signed anything, and from what I can tell the terms on the social
contract are ones I would never have accepted. I would be happy to
purchase what the goverment give me on the open market -- I see no
need for government to be involved in mail delivery or garbage
collection or schools or any of the other things it runs -- from what
I can tell all it touches turns to crap.
However, this entire topic belongs on places like talk.politics.misc,
not cypherpunks. I would suggest that it be conducted elsewhere.

@_date: 1993-11-08 12:43:03
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Private and Public 
Arthur Chandler says:
I'm sorry that "you can't go along" with that, but I'm afraid that you
don't have much choice: it isn't your list. Many of us have gotten
burned out from a number of very long arguments on this list, and
politics was not part of the charter to begin with. If you insist on
discussing it, might I suggest that there are many places where the
discussion would be appropriate, like talk.politics.crypto,
alt.privacy, talk.politics.misc, or many other places?

@_date: 1993-11-08 15:23:06
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Private and Public 
wonderer says:
Why should anyone have taxes at all? Anyway, this is politics, not
crypto. Lets take it off this list.

@_date: 1993-11-09 09:03:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Private and Public 
Since Mr. Merritt has insisted, I will take a foray into this issue. I
would suggest, however, that this is not the forum for this discussion.
Doug Merritt says:
Mr. Merritt, this discussion is much like that of a Catholic peasant
in 1500 trying to understand an atheist, with me in the role of the
atheist. I don't believe that government has any legitimacy. Imagine
an armed gang comes up to you and says "We are your government. You
are a citizen of our government. We will now take half of all your
money and protect you with it." How is this in any fundamental sense
different from what the goverment does? They have a piece of paper
called a "constitution". Fine. I can write a similar pretty piece of
paper called a "constitution" if I want. They have a lot of nice
marble buildings. I could buy some nice marble buildings. They have
periodic "elections" in which they allow an arbitrary set of people they
have selected to "vote". I could similarly hold periodic "elections".
They say they are the legitimate rulers of the U.S. -- I could
similarly simply claim to be the legitimate ruler of the U.S.
Government controls because of a large collective delusion. To the
peasant in 13th century Italy, disobeying a priest would be
unthinkable -- he was delivering the word of God, after all. The
notion that God does not exist didn't even occur to him. The power of
the Catholic Church of the day was awesome because most people held
the irrational belief system that said the Church spoke the word of a
mythical "God". A peasant of that day could not have conceived of the
notion that a man could live his life without any religion or a church
to belong to.  Similarly, the bulk of the people in our country
believe in the legitimacy of the Government, largely because they
believe it is somehow a legitimate entity that they require. People
believe that they need the government the way that 13th century
peasants believed that they needed God. Well, millions of people now understand that they can live happy
comfortable lives without a church, and someday most people will
understand that they can lead happy comfortable lives without the
You claim that I've entered into a "social contract". I have never
seen such a contract. I have no idea what it might say. You claim that
I am free to renounce my citizenship -- but non-citizens resident in
this country are also apparently members of this mythical "contract"
because they too are forced to pay tribute to this gang calling itself
the government. You claim that my staying in the land in which I was
born is implicit acceptance of this "contract", but in what way is
this different from a mafiosi claiming that because I continue to live
in the neighborhood which he controls I must pay him protection money?
As for your quaint theory that there is in fact a social contract, I
suggest reading Lysander Spooner's "No Treason: The Constitution of No
Authority", which you can FTP from think.com in the libernet directory
tree. Spooner was a 19th century anarchist and legal scholar. Among
his other accomplishments was demonstrating that the U.S. Postal
monopoly was unnecessary by starting the American Letter Mail Company,
which nearly drove the U.S. Postal Service out of any use by anyone
before his company was banned by the Private Express Acts which were
specifically targetted at him. Spooner had many other fascinating
adventures, as an abolitionist and as a promoter of private monetary
systems -- which were also banned, incidently.

@_date: 1993-11-09 14:33:42
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
jdblair says:
In New York City, the effective variable cost of an internet mail/news
connection is $27 a month -- less than you can panhandle in about
threen hours during rush hour, and I'm assuming you never use the
phone for anything else and call a couple times a day. The cost is
still dropping, and will doubtless be nearly invisible even without
any government intervention within a few years. My poorest unemployed
friend living in Hell's Kitchen in a fifth floor walkup apartment in
roach-infested tenement (no joke) has an internet connection via
I therefore see no reason for government guarantees of net access --
it is obvious that anyone with even minimal initiative can get one
already, or will be able to within a few years. The cost of a net
connection is far less than the cost of, say, smoking, and there are
homeless people who still manage to smoke.

@_date: 1993-11-09 15:09:15
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
"Perry E. Metzger" says:
Thats "three hours". My assumption is based on the panhandling rates
I've seen from homeless people on the subways.

@_date: 1993-11-09 18:03:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Cost of Internet (was: Should we oppose ... Superhighway) 
Wabasha-Kellogg High School says:
It won't be long distance in five years (probably not even in two
years), and thats without any government help at all.

@_date: 1993-11-10 06:23:20
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: the Amusements of Cypherpunks 
I'm sending him fourty copies of the next one. Four hundred of the one
after that. Its no secret. I dont like getting crap mailed to me by
imbeciles. If he doesn't want me to to reply to him, he can stop
sending me personal mail.
"L. Detweiler" says:

@_date: 1993-11-10 09:14:18
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Mike Godwin says:
Wouldn't the solution then be to eliminate the capacity of local
municipalities to grant cable monopolies? Fiber is compact -- five or
even twenty cable companies could coexist happily in New York (where I
live) if the city didn't grant "franchises", which it charges
exhorbitantly for. With large scale competition between cable
companies, monopolies would no longer be a problem.
Isn't the problem in question the result of government granted,
rather than natural, monopolies? Isn't it thus wrong to call it a
"market failure"? Seems more like yet another government failure.

@_date: 1993-11-10 11:03:59
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Mike Godwin says:
Well, in NYC, the utility tunnels are municipal, so its a question of
leasing a slot from the city. (Frankly I wish the tunnels were
privately held, but thats another story.) In most rural and suburban
areas in the US utility poles are still used and its a question of
leasing slots from the owners of those (which is easy since fiber is
quite lightweight, is typically strong when kevlar reinforced, and
presents little or no lightning hazard.) In some areas it might mean
digging new infrastructure -- modern cable laying equipment has
dramatically reduced the cost of this, especially for buried fiber
In practice, none of this is a real problem. Many areas DO have two or
more cable companies because there is no local prohibition on
competition, and a few areas even have multiple electric companies
because there are enlightened governments that permit such heretical
violation of the "natural" (read, government granted) monopoly thesis.
Its not a real barrier. Capital costs for such structures are
typically sunk via mortgage bonds -- its possible for most utilities
to raise vast amounts of money in the debt markets. If you wish, I can
direct you to people at the Cato Institute who can give you plenty of
good data on why there is no legitimate reason why two or more phone,
cable, electrical, or even gas and water companies couldn't operate in
most areas -- I mean hard data down to the costs involved and
potential profits and the way that competitive utilities have
functioned in areas permitting them. The reasonable conclusion the
data leads to is that the only reason such things don't happen much in
the U.S. is that in most places competition is prohibited by law.
Well, the fact that multiple cable companies do in fact exist in many
places gives lie to this premise. The fact that multiple phone
companies used to operate in the early days of the century before the
government put a legal end to that also tends to discount this thesis.
I've heard the argument given time and again about dozens of
industries that "The X industry requires a government monopoly to
operate" or "The Y industry needs subsidies or we would be left
without a Y industry" and the like. I've checked up on many such
claims, and have yet to see one where the numbers or the facts
actually backed up the claim. The practice of granting monopolies was
started in England under the Tudors as a way of earning money for the
crown (which it still is in many states if you look at franchise fees
and utility tax structures). There was initially no pretense about the
practice being needed to preserve certain businesses -- that, of
course, eventually arose as an excuse and is perpetually the
monopolists argument for why competition should not be permitted.
Ultimately, one must ask the hard question of the monopolists. "If
competition is impossible in this industry, or if competitors could
not raise money for infrastructure, why do you need legal protection
from competition? If competition it would render the business
unprofitable, why would people seek to compete with you?"
Eliminate the intervention by stopping the monopoly?

@_date: 1993-11-10 12:13:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Mike Godwin says:
Well "slots" is a misnomer. There is space in the tunnels. They were
designed for holding lots of phone cable, much of which has dried up
since the copper has started to be replaced with fiber. Fiber takes up
extraordinarily little space, so unless hundreds of companies wanted
to use the same space there wouldn't be real trouble. The space is
both directly and indirectly owned by the city -- some of it is in the
form of subway tunnels and subway access tunnels that are officially
controlled by the MTA, but are de facto controlled by the city.
And no, they have to like you to let you use them.
I can buy one now. It expensive, but the price is falling. Lehman can
purchase lines from Nynex, Teleport, Metrofiber, and several other
vendors. Vendors WANT to be in the business -- it makes them money,
after all. Car companies don't conspire to avoid selling people cars,
and I doubt deregulated carriers would spend their days trying to find
ways looking for methods to avoid selling people services. What IS a
problem is that many of these carriers can't yet gain access to
customers because of regulations. Manhattan Cable has fiber to every
block in the city -- but was forbidden by the city from competing with
the phone companies for data transmission services.
Indeed, the only companies I ever see looking for ways to avoid having
to provide services are regulated monopolies.
The same is true in New York, where there are multiple companies
serving distinct areas of the city.
This is not universally true, however. There are some areas where
multiple cable companies provide overlapping service areas.
I believe so, since it would otherwise be difficult to meter the power
usage. If both companies shared a customer grid, how could you know
who's power was being used? (Power companies do have a grid for
transfering power between their generators, but thats another story.)
I imagine its much like the way one switches heating from oil to gas

@_date: 1993-11-11 06:33:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Doug Merritt says:
Lets see whether this is reasonable.
A single fiber optic strand has enough capacity in theory to carry the
equivalent of every call made in the U.S. during the peak capacity
utilization period on Mother's Day. A single fiber can carry more data
than can be transmitted by the entire radio spectrum from low
frequency AM to Ku band satelite. Thats bandwidth for literally
thousands of simultaneous video signals.
Using switching technology rather than shared access LAN style
technology, every person in the world could concievably be sending and
receiving that much at once.
I don't know about you, but I personally can't produce more than 750
simultaneous videos at once for network distribution, so I suppose I'm
uninteresting, but even the people who can do more than that are
likely going to be fine. If they aren't, well, I suppose they could
get TWO fibers coming into their home, or maybe even TEN or ONE
HUNDRED if necessary.
I suspect that we have a wee bit longer to go than that. When people
start faxing themselves regularly we may have to go to slightly more
exotic technologies.

@_date: 1993-11-11 08:24:11
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Mike Godwin says:
However, its not like strip mining. So long as regulations are in
place, the market is not functioning in a maximally efficient manner,
and further distortions are occuring.
Many modern economists, from Public Choice school to Austrian school,
would hold that any attempt by the government to "fix" what it has
done axiomatically are further distortions of the market, and that the
market will settle most rapidly into a properly functioning state if
government control is removed as quickly and thoroughly as possible.
Theory in fact matches practice. Observe, for example, the difference
between places like Hungary (we will be kind and not use Russia as an
example) in which gradualist government guided conversions to the
market are practiced, versus Poland, where a radical "shock therapy"
liberalization occured. Poland was the only nation in Eastern Europe
to experience economic growth following the inception of its program,
its inflation rate is down to acceptable levels, and over half the
country's workers are now in the private sector.
I understand the impulse to use metaphors like strip-mining, but
metaphors are a way of explaining theory, not a way to reason. I
could, for example, analogise the infrastructure to a car, which is
zooming along fine now but might run out of gas without fueling.
However, this metaphor is inapplicable -- it has nothing to do with the
Concretely observed, there is no obstacle to the sort of national
network we want other than the government. In spite of the belief that
"monopolists" will take over, there is no evidence that competition is
slowing down (in fact, it is speeding up as fast as the government
will allow it to) and in spite of the belief that the network will
"control programming and work only one way" the truth seems to be that
the cable companies and everyone else want to get into digital two-way
services as soon as possible and that the government is all that is
standing in the way.

@_date: 1993-11-11 11:39:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Mike Godwin says:
X-Rated movies are a huge business. I suspect cable companies would
love to broadcast them. However, there are government impediments to
transmitting them -- fears of lawsuits, FCC intervention, and criminal
charges being among them.
Of course, this is comparing apples and oranges -- when TV channels
per se cease to exist, which is inevitable, it will be difficult if
not impossible for bluenoses to detect when such services are in use.
Of course it would, BARRING LEGAL OBSTACLES. Again, as before, the
market is not currently free -- the obstacles are government created.

@_date: 1993-11-11 11:59:12
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the 
Mike Godwin says:
Why did virtually all the railroads in the northern U.S. use the same
rail gauge BEFORE regulation of the railroads?
Why do most of the commercial internet providers (except for the
government subsidized ANS) agree to exchange packets with each other
Why do open standards do better in the market than closed standards?
The answer is "its in their interest to cooperate, thats why."
There was actually a really nice article in Forbes recently on game
theory and competition vs. cooperation...

@_date: 1993-11-11 13:09:12
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the 
Since the discussion is endless, I'm going to take my latest arguments
to private mail with Mike.

@_date: 1993-11-11 13:19:12
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the 
This has gone on too long -- I'm writing a last reply here in public
and then I would ask that we take this to private mail.
smb says:
Yes, the south had fewer railroads and they followed a different gauge

@_date: 1993-11-12 08:19:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Doug Merritt says:
Just one question, Doug -- in what sort of "Long Term" do you envision
individuals needing to be able to send MORE than several thousand
video signals worth of data simultaneously? Even if you put a camera
facing every corner of every nook of your house, transmitted high
quality audio from every square meter, wired every square inch with
strain gauges and other sensors and was simultaneously transfering the
entire contents of the library of congress over and over and over, you
couldn't exhaust the potential bandwidth of a single fiber. If you
need a bit more, you get two fibers. What applications do you envision
that would require more bandwidth than this, even in twenty or thirty
This is not to say that I don't believe that we won't eventually need
something better -- if humans upload into computers and start
operating billions of times faster such links will seem slow -- but at
that point you aren't really talking about humans any more. What I
want to know is what sort of applications do you envision that HUMANS
might want more bandwidth for.

@_date: 1993-11-12 08:29:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Doug Merritt says:
Three dimensional video would not require bandwidths that would make
fiber optics wince -- even at the limits of human perceptional
capacities. (Holography encapsulates the three dimensional image in a
very high resolution piece of two-dimensional film. A digital analog
would only require a large boost in resolution -- large by our
standards, but not large by the standards of the bandwidth of fiber
optic cable.) Given that even your best scenario for "expensive big
application" comes up short, I don't see what the problem will be.
I can easily envision what I would do with a computer ten thousand
times more powerful than the one I have now. I can't see what I could
do with a communication channel ten thousand times wider than what a
bunch of fiber optics can in theory give me.

@_date: 1993-11-12 08:49:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Graham Toal says:
You didn't understand the point. Not a SINGLE fiber. Each person would
have their own fiber into a switched fabric the way everyone has their
own phone line into a switched fabric. Each person would have all that
capacity TO HIMSELF. If he needed more, he could get two, or even ten,
not that he'll need more than one.

@_date: 1993-11-12 08:54:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Bandwidth limitations 
Clark Reynard says:
The human genome fits nicely in 1GB. Mere Gigabit networks could allow
you to send your whole genome in seconds -- and fiber can do many
orders of magnitude better than that.
A complete MRI scan can be sent on a gigabit network in mere moments,
too, and again, fiber can do far better than that.
If you can send a thousand video signals down your fiber at once,
sending complete plans for a factory to build Fords, and the complete
plans for the cars, will likely take a wink of an eye.

@_date: 1993-11-12 08:53:41
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Are we gatewayed to Usenet 
Clark Reynard says:
The participants would say that they have a very high signal to noise
ratio. The fact that you didn't like the signals and would prefer
different ones means you were not suited to the interests discussed on
that list, not that the experiment has not been a success.

@_date: 1993-11-12 10:49:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Mounting a "Secure" filesystem in UNIX 
Dave Hart says:
The security properties of Windows/NT are currently unknown since it
has seen little real torture testing. I know that people have tried to
attack my firewall, and savagely. How many NT boxes have withstood
such treatment? The NT security mechanisms are also more complicated,
which in my opinion means there are more potential bugs. Lastly,
Sameer has full source code to Linux (as does anyone who wants it). NT
is a closed system, and there is no way to personally verify that code
does what you think it should. I think its best to depend only on
source available systems for security if possible.

@_date: 1993-11-12 12:49:36
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Mounting a "Secure" filesystem in UNIX 
Paul Robichaux says:
And the check is in the mail.
At the last site I was at that used VMS, the security patches came in
virtually weekly. The thing is more full of holes than swiss cheese.
VMS stands for Virtually Missing Security.
SunOS does have source available. Large companies can buy sources
because they feel they need them. Small users can use systems like
Linux. How do I get sources to NT?
I can get drop in replacements for virtually all the programs on
SunOS, from "login" to inetd, and I can hack on them, for free. (BSD
utilities work right out of the box most of the time.) How can I do
that with NT?

@_date: 1993-11-12 16:33:45
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Fractal cryptography 
Matthew J Ghio says:
Amateurs regularly develop systems and claim fantastic things for
them. They then turn out to be trivial to break. This has made people
who are even semi-pro like some of the folks on this list shake their
heads and say "oh no, not another one" every time someone who hasn't
read the literature claims to have come up with "the new great
cryptosystem". This is the reason that people tend to be so skeptical
of the constant stream of new proposals from such individuals. Its
nothing personal -- its just the sort of jaded attitude you get when
this sort of thing happens repeatedly.

@_date: 1993-11-12 18:39:42
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Fractal cryptography 
This is true.  If you were specifically referring to the example I
posted, it could probably be broken from the data presented if you
really put your mind to it.  However it is a fairly clever PRNG, and it
takes quite a bit of data to get the exact pattern.
It might not be feasible to create a cryptosystem using fractals and
chaos functions, but I think the possibility could be explored a bit

@_date: 1993-11-12 18:49:56
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Bandwidth limitations, DNA binary coding 
VACCINIA says:
15 symbols, HALF a byte (actually a touch less.) One nybble can
express 16 possible symbols (or one Hex digit, or whatever.) Plus, of course, the genome is highly compressable -- lots of repeated
sequences, especially in interons.

@_date: 1993-11-14 13:00:11
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Fractal cryptography 
"mycal" says:
I've heard of them. They aren't secure. Just another example of the
same phenomenon.

@_date: 1993-11-14 14:53:58
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The Courtesies of Cypherpunks 
Look, everyone --
Detweiler is a seriously disturbed individual. Sending him mail saying
"what the hell are you doing -- you're nuts" isn't going to do any
good. Crazy people don't think they are crazy. Ignoring is rantings
works a whole lot better than any other strategy.
I only mailbombed him because he was sending me unsolicited personal
mail and wouldn't stop. Otherwise I ignore him, and I advise others to
do the same.

@_date: 1993-11-14 14:33:59
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the 
"George A. Gleason" says:
What has happened is that the price the consumer sees has gone up.
AT&T used to subsidize local service with long distance service --
this cross subsidy has ended. Local service is not deregulated
anywhere in the U.S., so your friend's study is meaningless.
Long distance prices have dropped dramatically, even taking subsidy
elimination into account. Competition works, George. Fabian socialism
is what doesn't.

@_date: 1993-11-14 15:33:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Should we oppose the Data Superhighway/NII? 
Doug Merritt says:
No, not at all (although limits to quality are in striking range -- CD
audio is as good as human ears can hear, and 24 bits of color is
actually overkill for the discrimination capacity of the human eye). I
merely mention "thousands of video channels" because people are used
to the bandwidth requirements of conventional video so it gives them a
sense of scale.

@_date: 1993-11-15 06:20:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The Courtesies of Cypherpunks 
Mike McNally says:
It will happen, but good filtering agents can stop it from becoming

@_date: 1993-11-15 07:10:31
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Destroying data 
nfe says:
This inaccuracy alone demonstrates that you don't know what you are
talking about.

@_date: 1993-11-15 10:54:00
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Destroying data 
Mike Godwin says:
Of course. Thats what the iron oxide is for -- its oxidizer for this
reaction. However, is this really cypherpunks material?

@_date: 1993-11-17 07:34:22
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: rant pointer 
Put me down for two, large, but only if it can be customized.
Stanton McCandlish says:

@_date: 1993-11-17 07:54:23
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Key Servers 
Derek Atkins says:
Please do not answer Mr. Detweiler. There is very little to be gained
in trying to explain things to a paranoid psychotic. Mr. Detweiler
needs sympathy and psychiatric treatment, not information on how key
servers work. It is both useless and cruel to answer his rants --
useless because he cannot understand reason because of his mental
problems, and cruel because this only enhances his paranoid delusion
that there is a global conspiracy in progress to attack and destroy
The best and most rational way to cope with him is not to interact
with him.

@_date: 1993-11-17 17:51:18
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: privacy and rights (short reply) 
Jack Daniels says:
"Jack Daniels" has never looked hard enough -- many countries (Austria
comes to mind) allow completely anonymous accounts, with various
degrees of restriction on them.

@_date: 1993-11-18 09:11:30
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Key Servers 
"Mark W. Eichin" says:
Answering Detweiler's posts serves no purpose. He is not in his right
mind. Most people who believe that there is a nationwide conspiracy
out to get them do not need rational argument -- they need
psychological care. Its unlikely he's even going to think you are a
seperate person arguing against him, as he's convinced that we are all
either Tim May or Eric Hughes "pseudospoofing" him. Answering him is
an action similar to prodding a caged bear with a hot poker.

@_date: 1993-11-18 10:21:31
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: List of one-shot passwords 
Matthew J Ghio says:
You want to use a cryptographically strong one, however, because most
PRNGs are easily guessed. This in practice means using MD5 or DES or
IDEA or something as an RNG.

@_date: 1993-11-18 11:27:13
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Numbered Bank Accounts (Was "privacy and rights") 
Jack Daniels says:
Well, thats a very narrow statement, but even so...
Until recently at the very least, they offered accounts which used a
"password" and an account number to perform transactions -- you did not
require any physical certificate to access the account.

@_date: 1993-11-18 13:54:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: All our eggs in one basket? 
Jim Miller says:
If all transactions require digitally signed confirmation from the
bank, you have an audit trail from them that they can't deny was theirs.

@_date: 1993-11-18 16:54:37
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: All our eggs in one basket? 
Jim Miller says:
Presumably something like that.
It needn't be signed by both parties. The bank could always simply
claim that you'd never given them an order to withdraw money and
refuse to give it to you -- cheating halfway into giving you a receipt
isn't interesting, so it also needn't be simultaneous. What needed is a) the bank has to be able to show a third party a
signed request for every transaction they've performed, and b) you
have to be able to show a third party a signed (by the bank) receipt
for every transaction you've performed. In other words, you are
protected because the bank can't simply claim to the arbitrator "oh,
he withdrew all his money yesterday" because they can't show an order.
The bank is protected because you can't claim "oh, I deposited ten
million dollars yesterday" if you can't show a receipt.

@_date: 1993-11-19 08:21:55
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: All our eggs in one basket? 
Jim Miller says:
You can't with the partial protocol I've described thus far, but
assuming that you have to do something like signing the digital draft
in order to spend it, the bank's failure to provide a signed copy of
the draft with your signature demonstrates that you haven't spent the
money. The arbitrator needn't care if you already got the cash -- he
can order the bank to send you another copy of the draft that they
sent you.
I must admit that I haven't worked out the protocols for this yet, but
from the sketches I've made I think a quite workable system is
practical. I don't think you can cover all forms of cheating by the
bank, but I think you can construct things such that if someone tries
to cheat you you can prove it.

@_date: 1993-11-23 08:15:18
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The Final Ultimatum 
The Executioner says:
Folks, Detweiler is psychotic. Answering this message of his, even to
flame him, isn't going to get anyone anywhere. There isn't any point
to it.

@_date: 1993-11-29 10:02:01
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Let's Talk About Solutions 
Mike Godwin says:
It works in places like the Extropians mailing list -- the S/N
periodically has crises, but they are short and the troublemakers get
booted for good.
It isn't counter to the dynamic of the net, either. A mailing list is
like someone's living room. If your houseguests start pissing on the
sofas, it isn't unreasonable to kick them out. "Banned" persons are free to start their own mailing lists, post to
newsgroups, etc. They've just been denied access to the computing
resources of the list maintainer for purposes of spreading their inane
rants. It doesn't even stop the persons in question from communicating
individually to all the people who were on the mailing list. Too many
people think "Freedom of Speech" means "freedom to speak in anyone's
living room if they feel like it", which it does NOT mean.
As a practice, removing people is simple, cheap, and astonishingly

@_date: 1993-11-29 14:47:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: A modest proposal 
Hal Finney says:
Indeed. Here is my modest proposal...
1) Create a second list, call it cypherrants. Initially it should have
   the same membership as cypherpunks.
2) Make the second list unrestricted.
3) Remove the capacity of the pure noise sources to post to
   cypherpunks.
4) Those who wish to be removed from cypherrants can be.
That way, those of us who don't want to listen don't have to, and
those people who want to listen can, and we can have the best of both

@_date: 1993-11-29 16:12:26
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Disruptive members 
Andy Wilson says:
Does free speech mean that I can stand up in the midst of a company
meeting and start reciting Hamlet at the top of my voice? No, it does
not. It means that THE GOVERNMENT shall not PUNISH people for
speaking. It means that PUBLIC PROPERTY may not be sealed off from
people with particular opinions. It does NOT mean that speech is
permissable everywhere, nor does it obligate private individuals to
give opportunities to people to speak. Just because you want to reach
millions of people doesn't mean that the New York Times has to give
you space to do it, for example.
Toad.COM is NOT a public place. Mailing lists are NOT public places.
This is the exact equivalent of someone hosting a block party in their
yard and discovering that a local bum has decided to deficate in the
fruit punch.
Censorship is eliminating a person's capacity to speak. This is NOT
censorship. The individual in question could send mail to all the list
users if he wanted to. He could (and has) started his own mailing
list, so thats obviously not prohibited to him. He could post to
netnews -- and does. His outlets for speech have obviously not been

@_date: 1993-11-30 10:52:41
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Cryptosplit 2.0 
Brad Huntting says:
It might be a decent way to get *A* random number, but if you start
milking this source too frequently you will likely start getting more
and more correlation.
Myself, I'm still in search of a decent, inexpensive, high-quality
source for random numbers, and only hardware will REALLY do.

@_date: 1993-12-01 12:12:25
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Let's Talk About Solutions 
Graham Toal says:
I don't CARE if I'd be the first one kicked off. I could always start
another list, and nothing can stop me from sending mail to any of the
people on the list I'd actually want to talk to. I've run lists over
the years, and I've kicked people off of them (never been kicked off
of one, but there is always a first time.) Kicking people off is a
very simple strategy for dealing with unwanted guests, very much like
the way you would likely kick someone who you didn't like out of your
living room. Assuming you DON'T feel its your right to kick people out
of your living room, I hope you don't mind if I forward your address
to your neighborhood homeless population.

@_date: 1993-12-01 17:18:19
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: EFF Op-Ed from the NY Tim 
Matthew J Ghio says:
To most of the nations population, which lives in cities, it costs
under $25 a month total variable cost including phone costs. It is
likely far more expensive in rural areas.

@_date: 1993-12-04 08:19:27
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Will Mike Ingle's name be a household word like "Buttafuoco"? 
James Still says:
There is also cypherpunk Matt Blaze's "CFS" filesystem for unix
machines, which is very powerful but unfortunately unreleased to the
public, and "KFS", which is a similar file system that unfortunately
currently lacks some of the cryptographic security (and has some bad
bugs) but which will doubtless be up to speed soon.

@_date: 1993-12-04 08:33:02
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: an12070@anon.penet.fi 
Pablo Escobar says:
                                         ^^^^^

@_date: 1993-12-04 20:09:35
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Escobar and Cellular Ph0n3z 
Matthew J Ghio says:
Untrue. There are many systems I can buy off the shelf from companies
like Cylink or Crypto AG. True, some of the systems are not widely
available outside the U.S. or Europe, but when you are smuggling
Cocaine by the planeload taking a few phones back with you on the
return trip seems perfectly feasable.
Its not easy because people have been lazy, not because it isn't
perfectly available. "Radio noise" on cellular isn't nearly so bad as
you make it out.

@_date: 1993-12-06 18:32:45
@_author: [192.147.66.1] 
@_subject: moderated cryptography list 
Received: by toad.com id AA24546; Mon, 6 Dec 93 15:33:22 PST
Received: by toad.com id AA24543; Mon, 6 Dec 93 15:33:14 PST
Return-Path: Received: from lehman.com ([192.147.66.1]) by toad.com id AA24539; Mon, 6 Dec 93 15:33:09 PST
Received: from relay.lehman.com by lehman.com (8.6.4/LB 0.1)
Received: from kublai.lehman.com by relay.lehman.com (4.1/LB-0.6)
Received: from snark.ts.lehman.com by kublai.lehman.com (4.1/SMI-4.1)
Received: from localhost by snark.ts.lehman.com (8.6.4/8.6.3)
X-Reposting-Policy: redistribute only with permission
Hello, all.
I'm looking for a site willing to host a high-quality moderated
cryptography mailing list which I am thinking of starting up.  The
list would be designed as a low volume, high readership, high quality
source for
1) In-depth technical discussions of cryptography
2) Announcements of cryptographic products
3) Announcements of news items of interest to the cryptography
   community.
4) VERY limited numbers of postings on the social implications of
   cryptography, and I mean VERY limited.
All postings would be explicitly approved by the moderator before
going out to assure quality. Yes, that means fascistic restriction of
your capacity for free speech, in exchange for not being overwhelmed
with garbage every day.
It is ultimately envisioned that should the list be a success I would
try to move it to a moderated Usenet newsgroup.
If you think that such a list is a Good Thing, and you can host it
(which requires that you have a good internet connection and root
access or similar on the machine in question), please let me know.
I'll do all the work, and the crypto community will thank you
Perry Metzger

@_date: 1993-12-07 16:40:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: televisions 2 way? 
Sean Lambert says:
Its absolutely true. There are also mechanisms that let them listen in
on conversations using the lightbulbs in your house -- ambient sound
causes the bulb to vibrate, flexing the filament and thus modulating
the return current. Placing a simple device on the electrical feeder
of the house thus allows complete bugging of the entire structure
without having to place listening devices within. The method works
whether or not the bulbs are turned on, by the way -- you have to
actually unscrew them to get privacy. There is also a well known
method for obtaining sonograms of the inside of the building that are
nearly as good as video by sending modulated high frequency audio down
the cold water pipes -- its quite evil, really.
Microwave ovens are a particularly nasty one, however, by comparison
to these other methods. Most of them have computers built in that take
commands modulated over the electrical wiring that permit them to
record an EEG of anyone within 15 feet and return it via power line
modulation. These EEGs may be postprocessed by powerful computer
equipment into records of the thoughts and memories of the people near
the oven. Its also reported that some newer models can transmit mind
control signals. Luckily, this only works when the oven is plugged in,
so its easy to disable.
For maximum safety, especially against future developments, I would
remove all electrical wiring and plumbing from my house. Its a bit
hard, but it protects you from the fiends.
Unedited dissemination of this important information is encouraged.
L. Sternwight

@_date: 1993-12-13 06:00:05
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: USENET on a tape 
Alexander Chislenko says:
21GB = 5 Exabyte tapes == no more than $50.
Even if you keep it on line, the cost in question is only $15000 or so
with modern disk (at ripoff prices!).

@_date: 1993-12-14 18:53:52
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: picture signatures 
Could someone please tell me why I would possibly want to sign a
picture? All it proves is that I had it in my possession -- it says
nothing at all about if its been hacked (and indeed, it can be hacked
regardless of what one does). A digital signature on a picture is no
better than a court oath saying "yes, I took this picture". The only
time you might ever want ANYTHING digitally signed is if you have
doubts as to its origin or if someone might deny having signed it. It
doesn't do you any good vis a vis verifying origin of a thing.

@_date: 1993-12-20 11:19:16
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler: still paranoid 
Anonymous says:
[stuff deleted]
Please DO NOT forward this crap. If I wanted to read Detweilers
rantings, I'd go somewhere else and do it. Keep Cypherpunks clean.

@_date: 1993-12-23 11:36:00
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Merry Christmas, Cyberanarchists 
Brad Huntting says:
Of course it can. Detweiler always posts from an12070
Incidently, all those replying to this thread thus far have sent mail
to an12070 and thus have compromised their anonymous IDs
because of the double blinding feature.

@_date: 1993-12-26 07:46:55
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Pseudo-spoofing the Gov't 
Michael Edward Marotta says:
It won't happen, since digital signatures in the future will make such
things impossible. In any case, even now most such instances are easy
to detect.
In that case, what the hell are you doing here on this list?

@_date: 1993-12-31 10:03:48
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: WHAT ARE SMARTDRUGS 
You have this list confused with a CYBERPUNK mailing list. This is
CYPHERPUNKS, a mailing list for people interested in cryptography. We
don't discuss smart drugs or anything like that here.
Chris Smart says:

@_date: 1994-01-01 09:19:02
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Video on Demand 
Jim Miller says:
Can't work. As a mental proof of this, consider -- if such an
algorithm did exist, the customer could record the 100 inputs and feed
them to the algorithm 100 times, thus getting all 100 videos.

@_date: 1994-01-01 09:28:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Video on Demand 
Jim Miller says:
I thought this was impossible, but you've shown a really neat trick
for doing it -- congratulations. I'll go off and eat my hat now -- I
never thought about the possibility of the vendor not knowing which of
100 keys would actually work!

@_date: 1994-01-01 18:23:50
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: radiation experiments and trusting the government 
I find the recent disclosures concerning U.S. Government testing of
the effects of radiation on unknowing human subjects to be yet more
evidence that you simply cannot trust the government with your own
personal safety. Some people, given positions of power, will naturally
abuse those positions, often even if such abuse could cause severe
injury or death. I see little reason, therefore, to simply "trust" the
U.S. government -- and given that the U.S. government is about as good
as they get, its obvious that NO government deserves the blind trust
of its citizens. "Trust us, we will protect you" rings quite hollow in
the face of historical evidence. Citizens must protect and preserve
their own privacy -- the government and its centralized cryptographic
schemes emphatically cannot be trusted.

@_date: 1994-01-05 20:34:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Non-techie Crypto book? 
FutureNerd Steve Witham says:
No, there is nothing that is nontechnical and up-to-date. Indeed, I'd
question the very idea -- people trying to understand cryptography in
enough detail that they would understand what has happened in the last
decade had best learn the technical details. On a non-technical level
you can't write more than a dozen pages before exhausting the
information you can convey about the technologies.
The best TECHNICAL book out there on crypto at the moment is of course
Bruce Schneier's "Applied Cryptography", which is a wonderful piece of

@_date: 1994-01-06 12:04:34
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: cypherpolitics 
Any sufficiently advanced mailing list is indistinguishable from

@_date: 1994-01-10 05:31:24
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Forged messages part of "Operation"? 
Mike Ingle says:
If he starts forging mail from other people, he's committing a crime
and we can get his system administrators to pull his account.

@_date: 1994-01-11 08:45:15
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Public key encryption, income tax and government 
Carl Ellison says:
Currently, if you wish to sit down in a Cafe with a friend of yours
and hand over $10,000 for the original copy of Vince Foster's diary,
say, and you want privacy, you would either have to carry cash (which
is difficult to put into and take out of banks without machinations,
especially given current reporting requirements), or one of you would
have to trust the other with a foreign bank check which would have to
be deposited by mail (a long and tedious and unsafe proceedure), or
you could both sit down with your HP100s or Psions or what have you
and exchange digicash right on the table and relay the deposit right
to your bank in the Bahamas. Yes, all the methods exist already -- but
they are inconvenient to use. I could probably have rigged hundreds of
messengers and teams of horses so that I could live atop a mountain
and still run a worldwide business one two hundred years ago. In
principle, nothing that I can do now couldn't be done then. In
practice, transaction costs and delays would have made such a life
impractical -- whereas now a mogul has fax machines, phones,
computers, etc.
Cryptography and the nets will not make offshore banking different in
any way other than convenience -- but never underestimate the powerful
impact convenience can have. I could potentially carry out a near
"normal" lifestyle while still keeping all my money offshore -- this
is a new and potent developement, and one which governments will fight
very hard. Look for ever more agressive work by the IRS to pressure
bank havens to breech secrecy.

@_date: 1994-01-12 05:12:05
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto and taxes 
Hal says:
I think you misunderstand, Hal. As with most people I've spoken to
outside the financial community, you mistake an anonymous banking
system for an anonymous payments system.
Yes, it is possible that two people might swap lots of cash and
valuable items now. However, it is inconvenient to do so, and
impossible to conveniently invest the proceeds. What if I want to own
5000 shares of MicroSloth anonymously, order the position liquidated,
go to the local cafe, and pay someone with the money that day? With
conventional offshore banking, this is difficult if not impossible.
That is precisely why he can get away with it -- he knows that since
most of his income is declared the fraction that is not will not be
noticed. Lets say, however, that he decided to do lots of illicit
transactions -- he would suddenly find himself shut out of the banking
system. One $2000 check without an explanation will go unnoticed.
Dozens will not.
Of course it would be under the same restrictions, but in all
likelyhood none of its users would pay the least bit of attention to
them. New car dealers are unlikely to accept digicash -- but used car
dealers might if they can get part of their transactions above ground.
Cars are an unusual case because of the degree of regulation -- cars
must be registered and their provenance is carefully monitored.
Consider, instead, dinner. You can go to any restaurant you like in
the U.S. and pay with an offshore bank's Visa card and no one will
look twice. No one is arguing, by the way, that all the economy will go black. I'm
merely noting that whereas right now its hard to lead a normal life
entirely in the black economy (you suffer from a myriad of
inconveniences), an anonymous offshore banking system that you have
free access to changes all that.
Thats certainly the case -- it will likely be another pressure on
large businesses to downsize since small flexible enterprises will
have an even greater competitive advantage.
Perhaps not. Its very common in many large business conducted here in
New York in certain seemingly legitimate industries for much of the
business to be conducted off the books -- people who will take cash
for work are sought after. I will not name the industry in question,
but it is one of the few major ones left in the city and it isn't
Import/Export companies, which are already a maze of evading
companies, would likely be the first to take widespread advantage of
digicash systems, followed by small scale information workers and
smugglers of various kinds. I have no idea how deeply it might
penetrate society -- who can say for sure? -- but I think you are
wrong in thinking that tax evasion is as little practiced and as
little desired as you apparently do.

@_date: 1994-01-12 07:22:04
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: szabo@netcom.com is NOT a tentacle!!! 
This feels like Detweiler spoofing again. Anyone else get that
nobody says:
d e s

@_date: 1994-01-12 09:25:25
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: underground industry 
Someone asked me the obvious question in private mail...
Politics also involves some of that, but it wasn't what I was refering
to. The answer to the question is the garment industry. Huge underground
factories and design shops operate on a completely cash
basis. Millions of dollars of goods enter in to the system
"mysteriously". There are "sweatshops" (read, free market factories)
operating all over the city in concealed locations.  They are almost
always operated by the Chinese -- they have a code of silence about
such things. Its one of the few things thats keeping the economy in
NYC going. This operates on a HUGE scale. Its a counterexample to
Hal's beliefs about industry and taxation.

@_date: 1994-01-12 18:37:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto and Taxes 
Hal says:
I did not wish to imply that -- I merely implied that your comments on
large industries being unable to practice tax evasion were naive in
the light of the fact that they often do so now. I make no public
judgements on whether you do or don't think tax evasion is a good

@_date: 1994-01-14 07:52:51
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
God, he's a loonie. This is half composed of a message I posted,
partially other messages, and partially his own. I have no idea if
"Jeremy Anderson" is a stolen identity.
However, its very doubtful that he's going to be a problem in my life
for long -- I'm going to finish up setting up my long promised
moderated cryptography mailing list tonight or tommorrow and will be
announcing it at Usenix. (Please don't send me mail asking me about it

@_date: 1994-01-24 09:46:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: the termination of wild "deteiler" accounts 
Given that I have no idea what this guy is talking about it seems
possible that this is Yet Another Stupid Detweiler Account.
Sam Hill says:

@_date: 1994-01-24 12:49:38
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Randomness of a bit string 
Timothy C. May says:
With respect, Tim, this definition is insufficient. For cryptographic
purposes, a string must not merely be incompressible but also unknown.
One can imagine things that are uncontrollable and incompressable but
well known -- such as, say the least signifcant bits in the payoffs on
winning horses at some race track.

@_date: 1994-01-24 19:26:43
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
nobody says:
Yup, you are a contractor for BlackNet... and I'm Elvis.

@_date: 1994-01-24 20:16:43
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Randomness of a bit string 
Timothy C. May says:
Wrong, Tim. An algorithm must be self contained. If you have to refer
to Chaitin's book in the algorithm, you must include it in the
algorithm. For a proof, consider the following notion: you have a
large number that you THINK is incompressable. Write it down in the
"little book o' random numbers", now refer to it as the third number
in the book. Obviously, of course, this is bullshit -- if you
transmitted it to someone that way you would have to send the book,
too. This is unlike your earlier (correct) proof that you can't show a
number is random because where there an algorithm you could order the
random numbers and the first would no longer be random, because the
algorithm *is* self contained in that case.
Its correct that Kepler compressed the string, but incorrect to note
that having written the numbers in a book had anything to do with it.

@_date: 1994-01-26 12:02:06
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: 4th ammendment and Cryptography 
David Koontz says:
I'll note two quick quotes on this matter and then let it drop.
"... 'the people' seems to have been a term of art employed in
select parts of the Constitution.  The Preamble declares that the
Constitution is ordained, and established by 'the people of the
the U.S.'  The Second Amendment protects the right of the people
to keep and bear Arms ...."
"The conclusion is thus inescapable that the history, concept,
and wording of the Second Amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, as well as its interpretation by every major
commentator and court in the first half-century after its ratifi-
cation, indicates that what is protected is an individual right
of a private citizen to own and carry firearms in a peaceful manner."
  - Report of the Subcommittee on the Constitution of the
    Committee on the Judiciary, United States Senate,
    97th Congress, Second Session ( February 1982 )

@_date: 1994-01-28 11:58:00
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: 4th ammendment and Cryptography 
Phil Karn says:
It is a statement of fact, but it is also an incorrect statement of
fact. One would go so far as to say deliberate lie or rewriting of
history, but I have no evidence for that. The courts HAVE supported
the interpretation of the "gun lobby", and repeatedly. The problem is
that no case has come before the court since U.S. vs. Miller in
1939. Indeed, it appears that the court is deliberately avoiding the
issue, much as they deliberately refused flag burning cases for over
25 years. In the Miller case, the court specifically held that the
second amendment applied to individual ownership of military weapons,
and found against Miller only on the narrow grounds that no evidence
had been provided to the court demonstrating whether a shotgun was a
military weapon. (Miller's attorneys did not appear before the court,
and thus their side did not present evidence.)

@_date: 1994-01-28 14:03:05
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: 4th ammendment and Cryptography 
This is a rant. It doesn't belong in cypherpunks. Anyone who wants to
discuss this further is invited to send me mail.
Phil Karn says:
"... 'the people' seems to have been a term of art employed in
select parts of the Constitution.  The Preamble declares that the
Constitution is ordained, and established by 'the people of the
the U.S.'  The Second Amendment protects the right of the people
to keep and bear Arms ...."
I keep up with this stuff. There is every indication that the court
damn well knows that there is one and only one way to interpret the
paragraph in question and just refuses for political reasons to take a
Miller was about a sawed off shotgun, not handguns. Miller explicitly
stated that ownership of military weapons was protected and that the
narrow grounds for finding against Miller was that no evidence was
presented that shotguns were a military weapon. Since .45ACP have been
military sidearms for the better part of a century, the logic in
question is, well, questionable.
Yes. Thats precisely what I'm saying, Phil. I've been to Handgun
Control Incorporated meetings, Phil, and they virtually tell their
members to lie. I say this from personal knowledge. They operate a
mindless propaganda machine in which virtually no one questions that
any tactic no matter how underhanded is perfectly acceptable to the
holy cause of total bans on possession of firearms. You don't have to
believe me, either. Hear it from their own words:
"We're going to have to take one step at a time, and the first step
is necessarily -- given the political realities -- going to be very
modest ... So then we'll have to start working again to strengthen
the law, and then again to strengthen the next law, and maybe again
and again.  Right now, though, we'd be satisfied not with half a loaf
but with a slice.  Our ultimate goal -- total control of handguns in
the United States -- is going to take time ....  The first problem is
to slow down the increasing number of guns being produced and sold in
this country.  The second problem is to get handguns registered.  And
the final problem is to make the possession of *all* handguns and
*all* handgun ammunition -- except for the military, policemen,
licensed security guards, licensed sporting clubs, and licensed gun
collectors -- totally illegal."
The amount of propaganda being spread about guns is astonishing. At
this point, the public barely knows the difference between automatic
weapons (machine guns and the like), semi-automatics (which merely
means a gun that fires a bullet every time you pull the trigger) and
the mythical class of "assault weapons." For everyone's information,
an "assault weapon" in military terminology can refer only to a fully
automatic weapon, and virtually none are sold in the U.S. To my
knowledge, no legally owned fully automatic weapon has been used in a
crime in the U.S. in decades.
HCI constantly pretends that the NRA and others are arguing for the
right to "hunt" and claims that there is no "sporting purpose" to
"assault weapons". In fact, the NRA, which is not allowed by any of
the networks or major magazines or newspapers to place any ads (not a
joke!) defends the ownership of guns as part of the right to self
defense and in any case there is no such thing as a "hunting rifle"
versus a "military weapon" in any feature of design or manufacture.
There are also constant lies about "newer more potent guns" when no
significant change in gun design this century. The standard military
sidearm of the U.S. Army untill a few years ago, the M1911, was
designed in, you guessed it, 1911! (The evil "black talon" ammo they
were mouthing off about recently was nothing more than ordinary hollow
point ammo with a creative name. Dum-Dum ammo has been around since
the middle of the last century!)
The fact of the matter is that the guns available to the public have
been getting less and less powerful over the years, while the crime
rate has been rising. The fact also is that jurisdictions that permit
concealed carry almost immediately get a reduction in crime rate --
the murder rate in Florida dropped 30% after a nondiscretionary carry
permit law was put into place -- where jurisdictions that ban guns
experience increases in the rates.
If you want, I'll recommend five or six books on this subject.
Thats untrue. From the early 1960s until a few years ago the court
constantly refused to hear cases on flag burning EVEN THOUGH it was
obvious what the opinion of the court would be given dozens of
symbolic speech cases. Sure enough, as soon as they heard such a case,
they threw out the law. Why didn't they hear the cases before then?
The usual speculation is that the court didn't want the political
flack that they were sure would come from the decision.
This is not an unreasonable opinion given the insane climate we have
now in this country. However, this is NOT to say that the second
amendment does not say what it means and mean what it says.
They failed after conducting a war that lasted for years. I would
argue that they fairly well demonstrated that it is possible to
conduct a fairly solid resistance even without sophisticated weapons.
The Vietnamese managed to beat the American Army even though they had
no such weapons.

@_date: 1994-01-30 10:28:56
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: We Hit the NYT 
The Times, in its efforts to become more like People magazine, has
started including information blurbs for the benefit of people with
short attention spans.  The "article" was a three paragraph
blurb. Duncan has included all thats of interest, believe me.
Paul Ferguson says:

@_date: 1994-01-31 10:33:07
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Read-Once Messages? 
Lefty says:
It might be possible, but only using hardware that can be broken. Any
algorithm can obviously be run as often as the recipient desires, and
in any case the recipient could simply save the output somehow (at
worst via videotape.) There are many things one would like to be able
to do like this that are sadly not possible.

@_date: 1994-02-01 12:30:38
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Chris Knight says:
Try to sue for damages when your work is available for free to
millions of people. The judge will laugh in your face, copyright or
no. Damages are, after all, related to lost revenue -- if you allow
anyone who wants to see something for free in one medium, you will
have a fucking hard time to keep them from examining it in another
equivalent medium. Usenet is NOT a magazine. Failing to put a
copyright notice in your work destroys whats left of your ability to
do anything. I'm sure you can pay a lawyer to sue for you, but this
isn't exactly one anyone is going to take on contingency.

@_date: 1994-02-01 13:05:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Jason Zions says:
The reason selling a tape of a radio show isn't legal is because then
you can play it as often as you like. On the other hand, usenet is
already distributed in a form that lets you read the messages as often
as you like. You can archive them forever, and in fact thats part of
the news software.

@_date: 1994-02-01 13:25:46
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Archiving mail-lists... 
Kirk Sheppard says:
Archives of the net are already being sold. Furthermore, some folks at
the FBI got a newsfeed from uunet years ago by magtape when they
didn't have a direct uucp link. I'd say that anyone who thinks they
can actually succeed at such a suit is welcome to try, but I wouldn't
break a sweat worrying about it.
Yes, you have a copyright over your work -- however, once you've
posted it to the net it is likely practically impossible to restrict
distribution. Since you've already allowed it to be distributed on
demand to anyone for free it is hard to claim damages if it is
distributed to anyone via some medium you don't like.
Archives of all of usenet already exist. I was talking with Eric Fair
at Usenix about using a Cray at Apple to produce an index of all
usenet traffic thus far -- it likely won't happen, but those worried
about such possibilities are welcome to have their lawyers send me
nasty letters.
If you want your stuff to have limited distribution, you have to make
a conscious effort to limit distribution or you have likely lost all
cause of action. Posting to the net is likely implicit concent to
unlimited distribution, since it is in fact what will happen and you
have no reasonable expectation of anything else.

@_date: 1994-02-01 13:30:41
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Mike Godwin says:
Absolutely true, but one has to say "Copyright" in the work in such a
case. Virtually no usenet work has that magic word in it. From what I
understand, if you don't say "Copyright" they can stop you in court
but there is a presumption going for the defendant.

@_date: 1994-02-01 13:35:29
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Jason Zions says:
The news software is explicitly designed to allow remote hosts to
request articles from each other.  Article numbers are never reused --
I can just use a nasty hierarchical storage system to keep all the
news articles I ever receive online.  So, how can you reconcile the
existance of the news software with your quaint notions? Are you
claiming that CNews and INN break the law? Are you claiming usenet is
illegal or something?
Maybe you are struggling because there is no reasonable way to make
the distinction?
Well, you can now sue all the people who back up their home
directories nightly to optical disk. I believe all the folks at Bell
Labs who use Plan-9 are now in violation of your "copyright".

@_date: 1994-02-01 15:05:29
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Stefan Fielding-Isaacs says:
It does change the nature of the damages you can claim and the nature
of the process by which you prove copyright, as does registration of
the material.
Redistribution of netnews is already done for profit, or haven't you
heard of uunet?

@_date: 1994-02-02 04:15:30
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Lefty says:
Excellent. Now, please tell me how to determine if someone is a
subscriber. Is there a big subscriber list available somewhere for the
judge to check?
Wonderful. Now, can you please explain what the usenet transmission
mechanism is? It obviously includes magtapes. It appears to include
CD-ROMs -- they have been used to distribute newsfeeds for years
now. In theory, an NNTP site that never expires articles makes those
articles available forever via NNTP, so time is obviously not a
criterion. Usenet has always been gatewayed to email, so email isn't
excluded (indeed, CNews explicitly provides a "by email" news
distribution mechanism). So, what exactly, is NOT part of the usenet

@_date: 1994-02-02 04:20:53
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Now all you have to do is explain what an "expiration date" is and
explain the legal liability of sites that miss cancel messages by
accident. Jim Nitchals says:

@_date: 1994-02-02 04:25:30
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: archiving on inet 
Many news systems don't understand expiration dates, and some don't
grok cancel messages. CD-ROMs can easily carry cancel messages, too,
by the way -- they are a transport medium.
Next bright idea?
Anyway, people who want to use the law to restrict distribution of
their news articles are extremely foolish. Your words are out there
and they WILL be read. Forever. You can't help it. If you find your
words embarassing, don't say them.
Jim Nitchals says:

@_date: 1994-02-02 13:25:34
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: anonymous mail 
nobody says:
Call his network service provider and explain that he's violating
federal law by attempting to disrupt your service from his site.
Alternatively, rig your sendmail.cf file to forward any mail he sends
you back to him.

@_date: 1994-02-02 15:15:33
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: New remailer up. 
Tapping Netcom's net connections would take more than $20 of effort.
Up it to $50,000 and I'll happily take on your offer. However, I am
going to need assurances that the money will actually be paid.
Perry Metzger
qwerty-remailer says:

@_date: 1994-02-02 16:21:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: New remailer up. 
qwerty-remailer says:
Well, the problem is that NETCOM has logs that are good enough that
THEY can trivally trace things if they want. Assuming they are doing
normal SMTP logging tracking you down should be easy. I would require
a network tap assuming that I wasn't going to have their help.
However, make no mistake that Netcom can and will cooperate with the
police if you use your remailer in a way that the government doesn't
like, so it seems that the security afforded isn't that good.
Without any information out of the network logs or the network itself,
no one is going to be able to say. Besides, $20 is a paltry sum for
the amount of work involved.
Netcom keeps logs.

@_date: 1994-02-03 08:59:46
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
Anonymous says:
Of course, Perry didn't write that, and the person reading his
messages obviously had an extremely weak understanding of what Perry
had suggested in his messages (which was that if you are giving
something away for free to all comers it is hard to argue economic
damages have occured in "unauthorized" distribution), so it makes
sense that the person replying would be too embarassed to use his own

@_date: 1994-02-04 16:55:17
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Food for thought 
In conjunction with the latest Big Brother Chip announcements, I've
dug up an article I wrote for the net a while back. Some of it seems a
bit weak now, but so much of it still feels current that I decided to
repost it here.

@_date: 1994-02-07 07:36:37
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Mike Godwin says:
I seem to remember something about this from The Puzzle Palace. Am I
mistaken, or are such orders not made by a special court, which holds
secret proceedings and which, so far as is known, has never denied a

@_date: 1994-02-07 07:51:37
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Mike McNally says:
By definition anything that does this in the digital domain needs a
modem, so it can't be cheaper than a modem. None of the analogue
methods are going to be terribly secure.

@_date: 1994-02-07 07:56:22
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Some stuff about Diffie-Hellman (and more :-) 
Hal says:
Indeed, a paper has been published on how to break Sun Secure RPC
based on the idiotic decision by someone at Sun to standardise the
modulus used. It is basically a matter of precomputing a lot of data
based on the numbers which allows you to break any particular discrete
log in that field on the fly. The suggestion by Mr. Cain to use a
single generator and modulus for all traffic is astonishingly naive.

@_date: 1994-02-07 08:16:26
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
nobody says:
Not all of us have the luxury of moving to non-existant places -- most
of us are stuck living in real ones.

@_date: 1994-02-07 08:21:22
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: TEMPEST - Electronic eavesdropping 
R.O.Jackson-SE1 says:
This is not true. This is an urban legend that doesn's of fools keep
posting over and over again. There is nothing illegal against
shielding your equipment -- in fact you are legally obliged to reduce
emmissions so as not to interfere with radio and TV signals.

@_date: 1994-02-07 10:11:23
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Some stuff about Diffie-Hellman (and more :-) 
Eric Hughes says:
Standardization was also a problem. It meant that the effort to break
one exchange could be used to break all of them at once. This seems
like a very bad thing.

@_date: 1994-02-07 10:46:24
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: 
Yep...  but if the Atlantis Project succeeds, I would probably move
there, assuming I could find a good source of income...

@_date: 1994-02-08 06:30:47
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Atlantis Project/Oceania 
CVL staff member Nate Sammons says:
Perhaps the appropriate time to worry about Oceania's network
connection would be when Oceania's builders have the $ 1 Billion they
need instead of begging for $20 or $30k for models. In any case, this
is NOT appropriate stuff for cypherpunks.

@_date: 1994-02-08 15:50:58
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Robert Cain says:
There are exactly two ways to transmit a signal.  Either you are in
the digital or the analog domain. If you are in the digital domain,
you need a modem, so your device can't be cheaper than a modem. If you
are in the analog domain, you can't get good encryption short of
extremely iffy techniques. (You could, for instance, have a DES chip
putting out data that was used to control analog scramblers, but
synching up the two sides would be hard and waveform information might
be used to reconstruct the signal even without breaking the sequence.)
Given that V.32 class modems are only a couple hundred bucks, and will
soon be only a hundred bucks or so, its hard to imagine how anything
analog that was decent could be cheaper anyway.
You still need a modem. You therefore cannot be cheaper than a modem.
This would not make your machine cheaper., and anyone wanting real
security will sign their Diffie-Hellman exchanges anyway.
Can't be done without shared data, because without shared data you
have no way of even knowing who you are talking to.

@_date: 1994-02-08 17:02:13
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Robert Cain says:
This is embarassingly wrong, Robert.
Have you actually looked at one of the Rockwell chipsets in real use,
Robert? They have "all in one" solutions these days. Getting cheaper
than what they sell is almost impossible -- you cannot achieve savings
by "leaving things out" because there is nothing available to leave
out. With the cost of a codec to do something like QCELP and the chip
to do the encryption, you are going to be at least as expensive as a
normal modem anyway just for the parts to manage that component of the
I'd be very suprised to see your price predictions come true. I'd be
less suprised to see a secure voice product becaue the mechanisms to
build such things are well understood and hardly revolutionary.

@_date: 1994-02-08 17:02:12
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Some stuff about Diffie-Hellman (and more :-) 
Robert Cain says:
You don't care if a listener hears the information on the modulus and
generator. It doesn't matter. You can broadcast it in the clear.
The point I was making was that if you always use the same modulus the
attacker can expend the effort to attack your modulus just once and
can then crack individual D-H sessions trivially. If you change each
time, you can't be attacked in this way.

@_date: 1994-02-08 19:02:11
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Regulation Reform 
Robert Cain says:
No, but I've got a shock proof shit detector and you are triggering
it. One of the things that sets it off is odd claims being made before
implementation. You are making a very odd claim, which is that you can
beat the price on a Rockwell integrated modem module by building
something yourself -- given the economies of scale, a weird statement.
You are also claiming that given that you need to have a DSP doing
your modem work, and processing power to do your cryptography and DSP
horsepower to do your vocoder, you are still going to be able to beat
the price of mass-market modems that are falling to the $100 range
with your non-mass market product. Frankly, it sounds like a load of
crap. I might be wrong, of course -- I've been wrong before. However,
when people make strange claims to me about things they haven't
finished implementing yet that they don't sell, especially after
they've made lots of mistakes in their postings the previous week, it
sets off alarm bells in my head. I'm not saying its impossible, but
I'm saying that until you give me more evidence I'm not going to think
that your claim is credible, and I don't think any other reasoning
person should, either.
When you have the product in hand and can actually sell it for less
than a modem, please get back to us. Right now, its vaporware.

@_date: 1994-02-10 11:00:24
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Johan Helsingius says:
You can be a member of the communist party, actually, although many
laws holding that you can be harrassed by the government for it are
still on the books. Sexual relations are governed by state law, so
only in some states are consentual acts illegal -- in many all
consentual acts between married partners are legal. However, the point
is well taken. The U.S. is not a libertarian paradise.
I will note, however, that the U.S. has far better press freedoms than
almost any other country on earth, and that Germany is pretty damn bad
about freedom of the press. I can walk into any book store in America
and buy a copy of Mein Kampf -- and although I hate Adolf Hitler's
works, I am happy that I can read them if I so choose. I cannot do
things like that in Germany.

@_date: 1994-02-10 13:06:09
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Hadmut Danisch says:
Could I publish a newspaper containing Nazi propaganda in Germany?
Then everyone doesn't have the right to produce a newspaper, does
I feel it is a fundamental right to be able to publish whatever
newspaper one would like to publish, and I say that as a Jew who lost
most of his family to Nazi murderers in the second world war.
Restrictions on speech ultimately backfire, providing oppressors with
mechanisms to silence opponents. Protection from Nazism must come from
strong respect for the freedom of all to express themselves and live
as they wish so long as they do not harm others, and not from
preventing the dissemination of "dangerous" ideas. Only when a neonazi
attempts to beat someone up or set fire to a building does his action
become the legitimate subject of prosecution. The oppression of
communication or of ideas, regardless of how repugnant, is
incompatible with a free society.

@_date: 1994-02-10 13:20:22
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Hadmut Danisch says:
Incorrect. Those who do not understand freedom think that by
oppressing Nazis and preventing them from speaking you have somehow
protected freedom. However, in doing so, you have used the methods of
the Nazis. Becoming what you wish to stop is not an effective
strategy. If only certain ideas are permitted to be expressed, you
have reduced freedom, not increased it.
You can fight Naziism by spreading information about the evils of
Naziism. You can fight it by vigorously prosecuting those who commit
acts of violence. You can fight it by keeping your legal system free,
and not by doing things like giving in to the right wing by
prohibiting immigration to Germany. You cannot fight it by emulating
it, and censorship is one of the basic tools of Naziism.
Untrue. In the U.S., I can start a newspaper without any licenses from
the Government, and I can print anything I wish in that newspaper
without fear of government prosecution. (I might be sued by a private
party for libel if I intentionally lie about someone, but thats quite
different.) In Germany, I cannot just open a newspaper and print, say,
Nazi editorials in it.
Yes, but that is a statement that the press in the U.S. is bad, not
that it is unfree. Freedom and quality are orthogonal.
Actually, you can do that here, too. We just cant send the software

@_date: 1994-02-10 14:50:23
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Hadmut Danisch says:
Untrue. In the U.S., you can publish a communist newspaper. Are
americans communists? No. You can also publish a Nazi newspaper. Are
americans all Nazis? No.
You can't do that via censorship.
Why not?
Ultimately they aren't.
In the U.S., I can print everything in a newspaper. The only exception
that has any significance is that if I print a story that deliberately
(note the word deliberately) lies about someone with intent to cause
them harm, they can sue me. However, the government cannot in and of
itself intervene in the content of newspapers.
Indeed, but this is in contrast to the U.S., where you are allowed to
say anything you like.
The problem is not free speech. The problem is the cultural notion
that it is right and proper for the government to intervene in
people's lives to "fix things". What you are doing is enforcing that
concept. It is not up to you to dictate what those 10,000 people are
allowed to read. They are adults and deserve the same consideration
that everyone deserves.
On the other hand, what you are doing is teaching the 10,000 people
that it is right and proper to oppress ideas as evil, to ban words, to
throw people in jail for what they have to say. You are also making
them far more interested than they otherwise would be in these words
that you will not let them hear. You are also creating a legal regime
under which when totalitarians take power they can ban the words of
democrats USING MECHANISMS THAT DEMOCRATS PUT INTO PLACE.
You are not succeeding via this method in stopping the spread of
totalitarianism. What you are doing, however, is succeeding in
becoming a totalitarian.
You seem to have missed an obvious point: the people are dying right
now even with censorship. Obviously censorship of neonazi propaganda
has not succeeded in stopping the murders. On the other hand, other
countries like the U.S. have not had widespread attacks against
foreigners in spite of the fact that I can pick up any sort of book I
want at any bookstore. Is it your contention that Germans are
irrational beings seperate from the rest of the human race that cannot
be trusted to make up their own mind about the evils of Naziism?
Since censorship has not stopped the right in Germany, perhaps you
could try the alternative approach, which is to try to convince people
that Naziism is wrong?
Once you stop communication, you are not free any more. You have
already lost.

@_date: 1994-02-10 15:00:23
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Hadmut Danisch says:
In the U.S., it is perfectly lawful for me to print a newspaper
ANONYMOUSLY, and sell it on streetcorners. Indeed, I may print
anything I wish anonymously, be it a book, a magazine, or a newspaper.
Do you not have to register your newspaper?
Unless the words happen to be about Naziism, I take it, or about any
other ideology considered "dangerous".

@_date: 1994-02-10 15:17:24
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Hadmut Danisch says:
I will indeed shoot at anyone that is trying to shoot at me. Tell me,
are the Nazis currently censoring you in Germany? In any case,
reasoning by analogy is specious. My point was very simple: a free
country is one in which people may speak their mind. You cannot keep a
country free by imposing censorship; it is a contradiction in terms.
Using your own criterion, the censorship hasn't worked either.
Let us say rather that it is not possible to prevent cryptographic
software from being used by Nazis and I would rather see it available
to all rather than to be used only by the Nazis. Any system which
could stop Nazis from using cryptographic software would involve so
much wholesale monitoring of all communications as to eliminate the
benefits of fighting Naziism.
It is not enough to defeat the Nazis -- one must also avoid destroying
the thing which one wants to preserve, which is freedom. If the price
of destroying Nazis is to destroy the thing you were trying to
protect, you have done no good.
One has no choice but to try.
Are you telling me that if I were to write in a newspaper "all Turks
should be killed" that this would be legal under German law? I was
under the impression that you cannot.
Then by definition yours cannot be good, because yours is unfree.
Yes. In fact, many magazines are published with nude women in front.
You may have difficulty finding places willing to sell them, however.
Religious groups control religious institutions. They do not control
our government. Is it your contention that religious groups do not
control your religious institutions? In any case, what does this have
to do with freedom? If one chooses to go to a church, for instance,
what is wrong with that per se?

@_date: 1994-02-10 15:43:10
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Mike McNally says:
I'll remind you that the supreme court has held that text-only works
can not be held to be obscene. You can write anything you want,
including explicit descriptions of sodomizing dead children, and it
can not be censored.

@_date: 1994-02-10 15:45:46
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Oh No! Nazis on the Nets 
Hadmut Danisch says:
You are asking if I think it is okay, which is different from asking
if it should be legal. I don't think its "okay" to advocate, say,
Naziism. However, I don't see that it should be ILLEGAL to advocate
Naziism. If a newspaper published an article saying that jews should
be killed, I would indeed say that this should be legal. I'm quite
certain that I dislike it.

@_date: 1994-02-13 14:53:07
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: UNSUBSCRIBERS PLEASE READ 
PLEASE READ!!!! PLEASE READ!!!! PLEASE READ!!!! PLEASE READ!!!!
PLEASE READ!!!! PLEASE READ!!!! PLEASE READ!!!! PLEASE READ!!!!
Internet mailing lists are run by HUMAN BEINGS, NOT MACHINES. These
humans do things like go on vacation or go to work at jobs that do not
pay them to maintain mailing lists. The list mail frequently goes to
another mailbox other than the maintainers, one which is only read at
one or two week intervals. It is not unreasonable for mailing list
maintainers to take a week or even two weeks to process your request!
You should not be shocked by this. You should EXPECT this when you
sign up for a list!
If you find even after several weeks of sending mail to the -request
address that you are getting no response, DO NOT SEND MAIL TO THE
NORMAL LIST. This may come as a shock to you, but often the person
maintaining the list does not even subscribe to the mailing list. At
the same time, you will be annoying hundreds if not thousands of
people with your mail. If you have an emergency and apparently are not
getting any service, send mail to "postmaster" on the machine that
hosts the mailing list.
Do not on any account do this sort of thing:
K12OCEZB says:

@_date: 1994-02-13 19:11:16
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Spread encryption with telnet? 
Jonathan Corbet says:
Yes. Its been done. See the BSD 4.4 telnet for an example.

@_date: 1994-02-14 05:11:25
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Actively Sabotaging Clipper and Capstone? (fwd) 
Robert Cain says:
Okay, Bob, thats it. Enough of the strange and evidence-free
commentary. WHAT GODDAMN COURT DECISONS ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT???

@_date: 1994-02-14 10:21:30
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Safire Savages Clipper 
Speaking of which, could someone send me the postscript for "Big
Brother Inside" stickers?
Eric Hughes says:

@_date: 1994-02-14 13:46:54
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Other list 
Matthew J Miszewski says:
I've gotten busy -- probably will get to it within a few weeks. For
those that don't know what he's asking about, its a moderated
cryptography mailing list.

@_date: 1994-02-15 07:41:43
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler abuse again 
Derek Atkins says:
One reasonable solution to abuse is to block the use of remailers by
potential abusers. Julf does this with his system. Remember this is
distinct from censorship -- you are not telling someone "you can't use
any system", you are telling them "you can't use my hardware to do
what you want; find someone else's hardware".

@_date: 1994-02-15 08:06:06
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler remailer abuse 
Xenon says:
The first amendment says nothing about private individuals -- its
about the government. It says that the GOVERNMENT can't stop people
from speaking. Tell me, if Larry wanted to stand next to your bed and
shout all night long, would you let him in in order to uphold the
"first amendment"?
Individuals may choose how they wish to let their resources be used.
In your case, you may decide that you don't want to deal with Larry
using your equipment in an effort to destroy you. After all, you may
be the guy who gets jailed on kiddy-porn charges because Larry decides
to target YOU first. He isn't a responsible net.citizen, and he
doesn't deserve to be treated that way.

@_date: 1994-02-15 08:21:42
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Clipper and Traffic Analysis 
Mike Godwin says:
Normally, one can only determine the endpoints of a conversation. With
clipper, however, one can deduce a lot more, since when people move
around, go to hotels, phone booths, etc, you can still track their
clipper serial numbers.

@_date: 1994-02-15 11:41:46
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Clipper and Traffic Analysis 
"rudy (r.) rawlins" says:
Perhaps this is not obvious to others, so I'll be more explicity. If
you use a clipper phone at home, the cops can determine your serial
number by tapping your line. Then, if you take your phone with you
(the little portable AT&T "bump in a cord" is designed for this)
everywhere you go you are signaling where you are.

@_date: 1994-02-16 09:55:09
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: AT&T stopped talking to me 
Mike McNally says:
Qualcomm sells a chip that implements QCELP.

@_date: 1994-02-16 14:35:26
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler blocking 
Benjamin McLemore says:
No one has proposed censoring his Usenet postings. What people have
proposed is that they deny him the use of the remailers that they set
up on their hardware. This is very different. Its the difference
between saying "Detweiler can't live" and "Detweiler can't live IN MY
LIVING ROOM". Its the difference between saying "I advocate the right
of people to discuss any topic they want" and saying "I adovacate the
right of people to discuss any topic they want IN MY BEDROOM AT FOUR
AM WHILE I'M TRYING TO SLEEP."
I am constantly suprised that this simple distinction is so hard for
people to understand. I advocate, for instance, that Nazis should have
free speech, but I would never hand them money to buy printing
presses, nor would I patronize newsstands that carry their
publications. Presumably this is "censorship" too.
I see nothing wrong with remailer operators taking steps to prevent
Detweiler from using their equipment against their will. This is not
censorship. Mr. Detweiler is still free to use Usenet any way he sees
fit. It is simply the act of saying "Mr. Detweiler can't use MY
REMAILER any way he sees fit."

@_date: 1994-02-16 14:35:22
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Big Brother PostScripts 
This is an awful idea, as it completely dilutes the message of the
sticker which is that Clipper Phones have built in insecurity. We are
not trying to create general paranoia -- we are trying to sink
clipper. If you want general paranoia why not just pump speed into the
municipal water supply?
qwerty-remailer says:

@_date: 1994-02-16 15:50:27
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
Xenon The Obvious says:
Big deal. Anyone can walk up to you with a gun and shoot you too.
Hell, I could do that when I was in diapers.
The point is not to make Detweiler's life excessively easy -- its not
possible to be foolproof. We all know that. BFD.

@_date: 1994-02-16 18:40:25
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler blocking 
wisej says:
My goal is not to make anonymity available for all. My goal is to keep
it LEGAL for all. Mr. Detweiler and the rest can pay for their
anonymity on their own dime -- I give my services to people I like and
people who pay me, not to anyone and everyone. Just because I feel the
American Nazi Party should be legal does not give me the personal urge
to give them money.
Detweiler is indeed a prick. As such, I feel no obligation to make his
life easy. I see nothing wrong with individuals deciding who they wish
to give service to and who they don't. Just because I feel something
should be legal does not mean I wish to supply it. I think it should
be legal for Detweiler to be anonymous if he wishes. I see no
obligation for anyone who dislikes him to supply him with the
mechanisms to exercise his rights, however.
I think the opposite. I believe that suicidally deciding to make his
life easy regardless of how much of a pain in the buttocks he is is
the bad precedent -- it gives people the wrong idea about what these
services are about. Julf kicked him off -- but to this day refuses to
confirm if it was really Detweiler using an12070. That is the sort of
ethical precedent I like -- Julf kept his word about anonymity but
refused to allow his dime to be used to fund further abuse. Its bad
precedent for people to feel muzzy headed about the distinction
between wanting something legal and wanting to supply it.

@_date: 1994-02-16 18:50:26
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
Thank you for your concern, and that of the other members of your
family, Argon, Neon and Helium.
qwerty-remailer says:

@_date: 1994-02-17 05:00:40
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
Xenon says:
Then why not leave your door unlocked? After all, locking it only
makes the lives of thieves more difficult -- they can still break in
if they really try.

@_date: 1994-02-17 05:55:22
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler blocking 
wisej says:
I see no reason to believe that the one follows from the other, but
even assuming that you were right, barring Detweiler does not
substantially reduce the set of people to whom services are available.

@_date: 1994-02-17 06:00:41
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: The L.D. persona... 
Xenon says:
Frankly, I think it sucks -- said so long before he went nuts. Its
full of factual errors (my favorite howler being that the US-Australia
link is "only" 500 megabytes a second in bandwidth), strange
constructions, and other junk. I also recall that I had several fights
with him early on because of his panic stricken howls of how "we" have
to do X and "we" have to do Y, as if there was a "we" here rather than
a mailing list. Can't say that I *ever* liked Mr. Detweiler.

@_date: 1994-02-17 11:55:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: UNSUBSCRIBing ... 
R.O.Jackson-SE1 says:
Unsubscribe requests should be sent to cypherpunks-request
One should expect that requests will take quite a while (over a week)
to get processed. One should not expect faster service by posting to
the whole list.

@_date: 1994-02-17 14:35:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: STEALTH OCEANS 
"Gary Jeffers" says:
I have said this before, and I will say it again. "Stealth"
cryptography is a bad idea. Security comes from everyone openly using
cryptography all the time. "Stealth" cryptography ideas both imply
that we are doing something wrong (when there is nothing illegal or
wrong about using cryptography) and make cryptography very
inconvenient to use. If I have a truly stealth system it becomes
difficult for me to decrypt my own mail, especially if I have multiple
keys. I can't use MIME headers to tell people how to do automatic
decryption. I can't encapsulate messages inside my messages with MIME.
I'd go on, but I'm sure I'll get flamed at just for saying this.

@_date: 1994-02-18 08:15:35
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: STEALTH OCEAN 
"Gary Jeffers" says:
Unlikely that this would really work.
In that instance, "STEALTH" won't work -- they will likely figure out
what you are doing and break your legs if you don't talk.

@_date: 1994-02-18 09:26:09
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Enuf is enuf! 
Johan Helsingius says:
Thats probably a business opportunity for someone. An authenticated
way of browsing and charging airline tickets by net is much needed.

@_date: 1994-02-18 10:01:09
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: MONEY: cryptocash is transaction money 
jpp says:
Its much more like an anonymous bank transfer. In this sense, it is
not like money just as a fedwire transaction is not money -- its a way
of moving money around, not the money itself.

@_date: 1994-02-24 15:54:09
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Viacrypt at NCSC ? 
r-man says:
The latter. Almost anyone can get an account on dockmaster just for
the asking.

@_date: 1994-02-24 19:50:20
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: WE WANT SELF DECRYPTING STENOGRAPHY NOW! 
Tom Holroyd says:
Precisely a point I've been making for some time.
We are safest if we quickly deploy so much crypto that grandmothers
are using it and they EXPECT it everywhere. That way, crypto is not a
signal that something is unusual. Steganography never took off as a
science largely because it is such a weak form of protection, almost
inherently. As soon as they SUSPECT steganography you have immediately
lost any safety you may have had.
I'm very much in favor of simply openly using crypto, as often as
possible and as visibly as possible.

@_date: 1994-02-24 19:52:02
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Infomercial 
Tom Holroyd says:
I agree that an infomercial is silly, but I disagree that secure
phones don't have an extensive market. If they were cheap enough,
people would want the feature just for the hell of it. Ultimately, it
won't add more than a couple of bucks to the cost of a phone -- and
the "ultimately" in this case is less than a decade away. I'd say that
most people would pick up a cryptophone if it only costs a couple
bucks more and is transparent to use.

@_date: 1994-02-27 13:48:05
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: anonymous mail 
Matthew J Ghio says:
Matt, pardon my saying this, but you sound rather foolish. Did you,
for instance, deliberately make any attempt to prevent differential
cryptanalysis? linear cryptanalysis? Related key attacks? Can you
define any of these? If the answer to any of these is "no" then you
probably aren't in a position to try to design a cryptosystem.
Frankly, I understand all the attacks and I wouldn't trust anything of
my own design -- maybe after letting Biham have a crack at it for a
couple of months I'd feel that I hadn't done anything obviously wrong
and after a year or two of seeing lots of people try to attack it and
fail I'd consider using it -- if there weren't other systems around
that I was more confident in.
Given how easy it is to code up an IDEA or mixed IDEA/DES multround
beast, I see no real advantage to trying to build my own, and lots of
disadvantages.

@_date: 1994-02-27 15:13:11
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: anonymous mail 
The program was designed to accept improvements in the encryption
transparently, so I did plan ahead. :)  I can add encryption algorythms,
and have the software accept addresses of both the old and new ciphers. I didn't happen to have any DES/IDEA code handy when I was programming
it, so I just used what I had.  Since several people have expressed
concern about the encryption, I will add another encryption layer
consisting of either DES or IDEA.

@_date: 1994-03-02 04:15:29
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Insecurity of public key crypto #1 (reply to Mandl) 
Eric Johnson says:
So, will procmail run for someone getting this mailing list via CCMail
under DOS? There are people doing that, you know.
Its one thing to write tools so people can encrypt their routine
PRIVATE mail. Its another thing to encrypt mailing lists read by
hundreds of people. The former can be adjusted on a case by case basis

@_date: 1994-03-02 04:34:22
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Dorothy Denning 
Theodore Ts'o says:
Don't look back to the Catholics, Ted. The Russians and Chinese
restricted access to printing presses, because they knew that they
would permit the overthrow of the government.
Dorothy and all the rest are Statists. They are no different from the
Russians and the rest. The Communists wanted to restrict access to
printing presses because they felt them to be a danger to their
society, and Denning and the rest want to restrict cryptography for
exactly the same reason. They have no love for the constitution --
they believe in "balancing" constitutional rights, "giving up" rights
for "security" and all the rest. They THINK they have love for the
constitution. They THINK they are patriots. In fact, they are no
different in ANY of the arguments they make from fascists or
communists. If Denning knew how much of what she said sounds exactly
like stuff coming out of Pravda from the 1960s, she'd probably either
flip or go into denial. I used to read translations of Pravda a lot
as an original source for researching Soviet history. Her stuff also
bears an uncanny resemblence to public statements made by Nazi leaders
at various times about dangerous things the public couldn't get their
hands on, and how various rights needed to be restricted in order to
"protect" the public.
People forget about the fact that rights are not just a nicety, the
way Denning thinks. They are critical to our survival. The U. S. is
not a nice place that happens to grant rights because it has a
benevolent government -- it has a benevolent government and is a nice
place because it grants rights. This crucial distinction is lost on
those who would trade rights for safety -- the Dennings of the world
believe safety is a commodity that may be purchased with rights.
John Gilmore has noted that once you have replaced all a government's
mechanisms with mechanisms that would be needed for a fascist
government to run the country, fascism can be achived by a mere change
in attitude by the governors. Denning and the rest don't grok that.
They think "this is America; it can never happen here." My relatives
who perished in the holocaust all said "this is Germany; the land of
Goethe and Schiller; one of the greatest intellectual centers on
earth; how can this happen here?" People never ask the distinction
that made the U.S. government stable where others fall every few
decades. They just assume it to be a fact of nature -- that they can
play with the basis of that fact all they like without making the fact
itself disappear. Cause and effect do not work that way.
Once all telecommunications in this country are instantly
interceptable; once all the FBI Digital Telephony crap and the Clipper
crap are merged together, any fascist takeover could immediately start
bugging all phones at will. They could immediately determine who their
enemies were talking to at will. They could trace all economic
transactions at will. (They want to be able to do that, too -- look at
FinCen, also an idea "to protect us".) In short, this is a major tool
that they would want.  It looks so much like the premises behind the
East German or Bulgarian phone network ran on that we should ask
ourselves WHY.
It is, of course, already way too late for them to do anything. The
damage they can do before they realize this might, however, be

@_date: 1994-03-02 08:03:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Insecurity of public key crypto #1 (reply to Mandl) 
Eric Johnson says:
You miss the point, Eric. We are advocating that IN THE FUTURE all
communications should be encrypted. However, FOR THE MOMENT this is
often impractical. Cypherpunks write code in an effort to try to bring
this future closer. However, making our lives impossible right now
will delay that future.
I encrypt things whenever possible. Some people I communicate with
can't encrypt, so I adjust, on a case by case basis. Someday,
hopefully within the next year or two, things will be different.
Encrypting this list ever would be useless -- but fine if it would
be easy to do. Since it isn't easy or useful, it is a bad idea.

@_date: 1994-03-02 08:33:01
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: low-overhead encrypted telnet 
Eric Hughes says:
Although running an encrypted IP stack does require sysadmin
cooperation, it does not require a kernel rebuild -- John Ioannidis
has built modloadable versions of most of the swIPe software.
Agreed -- sadly its arriving VERY slowly. 4.4BSD Lite comes with a
standards-compliant encrypted telnet implementation, however.

@_date: 1994-03-02 08:53:43
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: low-overhead encrypted telnet 
smb says:
There are much more recent drafts, Steve -- the telnet authentication
option is now RFC1409, as of early last year, and the encryption draft
is dated April 1993 -- see the nearest internet drafts mirror for a
copy. Your recollection of the desire to merge authentication and
encryption is correct -- to my knowledge, the new Cray telnet is an
implementation of the currently circulated draft (which was also
written at Cray).

@_date: 1994-03-02 08:55:09
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: low-overhead encrypted telnet 
smb says:
A short sighted view. You can't stop line monitoring -- you should
defend against it with encryption instead. In an environment like
mine, there are literally thousands of potential line monitoring
points that I cannot defend, but encryption gives me real security.

@_date: 1994-03-02 11:23:08
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: encrypting the list (Was Re: Insecurity of public key) 
Eric Johnson says:
Speak for yourself. I process five hundred or more messages a
day. Anything that would add even moments to the time it takes me to
reply to a message would eliminate whats left of the time I spend with
my friends and S.O. Maybe you have lots of time on your hands, but the
rest of us have real lives and don't want to spend them trying to set
up a cryptography system for each of our correspondants. In a year or
so, maybe this will all likely be practical -- but it isn't now.
You are more or less like someone in 1976 advocating that everyone
quit typing and start using only word processors, when the computers
weren't yet cheap enough. Have some patience.

@_date: 1994-03-02 16:29:03
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: clipper==bad, but how do you explain this to average joe 6-pack? 
Mike Sherwood says:
You don't. They don't matter much anyway. Just concentrate on the
people who matter. Contrary to popular belief, the people don't run
this country. If we can convince Congress that this is a bad idea, the
opinions of their constituents won't matter. Convincing the people who
think is likely more effective than convincing the folks who hang out
at Bowl-O-Rama anyway -- the congressmen don't care about the
Bowl-O-Rama folks because they never vote anyway.

@_date: 1994-03-03 08:53:45
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: spooks 
Frederic Halper says:
Where did you get such an idea?

@_date: 1994-03-05 12:12:11
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Update on user-level hack to do telnet encryption posted recently 
Graham Toal says:
I really think this project is a serious mistake. People should, if
they insist, produce software compatible with the draft RFCs on telnet
encryption and authentication -- although such code has already been
written. The notion of putting in all this effort just to avoid having
to deal with your system administrator, especially when he should be
happy to install such code given the recent rash of internet breakins,
seems misplaced to me.
Perry

@_date: 1994-03-05 13:32:28
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Update on user-level hack to do telnet encryption posted recently 
Graham Toal says:
No I was not.
As for this current "idea", with an implementation of an encrypted
STANDARD telnet already written and likely available soon for
anonymous FTP, I think I'm being sane, not "a wet blanket". You can
already get a version of the Cray telnet that implements the
authentication code and hack in a reimplementation of the encryption
code if you wish. See below for that. However, producing silly
non-standard telnet hacks makes little sense.
You can't help trusting code installed by someone else. How many of us
write our own operating systems from scratch? So long as you have the
source code, and the source code to the telnet I am speaking of is
widely available, what is the difference?
The source code for the authenticating telnet is available from
Now, David Borman has not been very forthcoming with the encrypting
version of this system (although all the hooks are already there) and
if anyone wants to take a crack at adding in an implementation of the
draft encryption standard (which should be quite quick) that would
indeed be a useful effort. I will happily mail a copy of the draft RFC
to anyone who doesn't have it and can't get it.

@_date: 1994-03-05 13:39:43
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Update on user-level hack to do telnet encryption posted recently 
"Perry E. Metzger" says:
By the way, I forgot to mention, the 4.4 BSD domestic release already
includes the encrypted telnet. In order to head off foolish
reimplementation, perhaps someone would be willing to release the
relevant patches to the NE release to turn it into a full encrypting
telnet? The code is, after all, already under the Berkeley copyright
and thus releasable.

@_date: 1994-03-05 13:42:03
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Update on user-level hack to do telnet encryption posted recently 
"Perry E. Metzger" says:
I didn't realize it, but the telnet RFCs and encryption draft RFCs are
also available in the same directory on ftp.cray.com

@_date: 1994-03-06 07:16:57
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Update on user-level hack to do telnet encryption posted recently 
Eric Hughes says:
I strongly disagree. If you truly insist, run your own telnetd on the
remote machine. Don't run a hack. However, the right solution is to
get the site manager to replace their telnet, a process that takes
minutes and which, given the current epidemic of line tapping, is of
obvious necessity even to the brain damaged. As I've noted, however,
its trivial to run your own telnetd on another port if you absolutely

@_date: 1994-03-06 07:26:47
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Update on user-level hack to do telnet encryption posted recently 
Graham Toal says:
Not the same program at all. Why don't you actually read some of the
RFCs instead of making yourself look foolish?
Have you asked them to run it? Have you considered simply running the
daemon yourself on another port instead of implementing some crude

@_date: 1994-03-06 12:09:16
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Update on user-level hack to do telnet encryption posted recently 
Graham Toal says:
For the benefit of those who aren't being petulant, I will repeat:
The existing, already implemented and available, cryptographic
authentication (but not encrypted) version of the new BSD telnet is
available from:
This is not theoretical code; it really exists. See for yourself. No,
it doesn't just do kerberos.
The proposed telnet encryption and authentication RFCs are available
in the same directory.
The BSD 4.4 domestic distribution already has the encrypted version of
the code in it; perhaps someone should "liberate" it.
Those wishing to run an encrypted telnet to a remote machine that does
not support the new telnet options should ask the remote system
administrator to install the new telnet, which compiles on virtually
every architecture around, including SVR4 (or at least Solaris).
Failing that, you can run your own telnetd on the remote host.
Sorry if suggesting that people use already existing code is being a
"wet blanket".

@_date: 1994-03-06 17:05:49
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Format of PGP ciphered message 
Norman Hardy says:
Yes. It comes with the PGP docs.

@_date: 1994-03-10 11:51:47
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: money... 
David L Womack says:
You didn't look very closely. Shine a light through the bill, and you
will be able to read on the strip the words "TWENTY USA" on the strip
in question. It isn't to my knowledge magnetic -- just non-xeroxable.
There is also a second security feature -- look closely at the third
ring around Andrew Jackson, and you will see that it is not a ring at
all but microprinting reading "The United States of America".

@_date: 1994-03-12 05:37:33
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
rishab says:
You are displaying not inconsiderable ignorance about Time magazine
and about such polls.  "Time" isn't terribly highbrow -- we aren't
talking "The Economist". Furthermore, Time/CNN polls are random sample
phone polls conducted by random sample by a fairly prestigious polling
company and simply stuck with the Time/CNN "brand name". Those polled
would not have been "Time" readers. Although you are correct in your
later assertion that the information may have been presented in a
slanted manner, it is likely that the sampling and statistical
techniques were rigorous.

@_date: 1994-03-12 05:42:41
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
rishab says:
The knowledge that in the U.S. there would be riots and quite possibly
a revolt.
You understand only half the problem. You must design a government
such that even if the government chose to ignore most of its own laws
it could not do much harm. The original U.S. constitution set up a
government that was extremely limited in its power, and thus could
not, say, screw up agriculture because it had no power to regulate
agriculture. The government was SO limited that it could not do much
harm even if it went crazy. Right now, it would be very difficult for the government to
systematically monitor all conversations made by a set of dissidents.
Given the FBI Digital Telephony proposal, and Clipper, they would be
able to assure that this operation would be childs play into the
forseeable future. This is a big change. Before, a corrupt government
could not have used the phone system as a weapon without incurring
prohibitive expense -- only a small number of conversations could be
monitored, and soon cryptography would stop that. With these
proposals, they need never fear cryptography would get in the way and
they can do mass monitoring.
The important point is that before a corrupt government would have had
limits to what it could do, and if these initiatives take root, they
will have no limits.

@_date: 1994-03-12 05:45:17
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
rishab says:
The police can listen in LEGALLY anyway. However, illegal monitoring,
which they are used to being able to do, is becoming increasingly
difficult. Illegal monitoring increasingly requires the active
cooperation of phone company employees who may talk.
Clipper, combined with the FBI Digital Telephony bill, would eliminate
this difficulty, and in fact provide monitoring abilities to the
police that they never had before.

@_date: 1994-03-12 09:40:01
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: "ordinary public" 
James Hicks says:
Time readers are not ordinary Americans in so far as they can
generally read.
More seriously, its true that the average Time reader is probably far
better educated than the average American. However, "Time" is hardly
some deep highbrow publication. Time is just a half notch over
People. It bears the same resemblance to a real news source that
Velveeta bears to cheese.
In any case, the individuals in question were not Time readers; it was
just a random sample poll commissioned by Time and CNN.

@_date: 1994-03-12 21:56:02
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: No Subject 
Wayne Q Jones says:
The grey aliens seem to have gotten to you. I'd try to increase the
dosage of the drugs you are taking. It will drive them out of your
brain; you'll stop hearing things, too.

@_date: 1994-03-13 20:38:39
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: voice encryption 
Mark Hittinger says:
And what about the millions of people in areas without ISDN (including
me) and all the people who might want to talk with them?
When ISDN is universal, obviously digital crypto for voice will be
simpler. For the moment, ISDN is not universal, or even common, and is
thus not a solution.

@_date: 1994-03-13 20:41:23
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: digital cash 
Mark Hittinger says:
I can't for the life of me understand the difference between a
"representation" of dollars and something "convertable" into dollars.

@_date: 1994-03-14 18:53:03
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: REQUEST FOR FTP INFO 
"THOMAS E. KADISH--WILSHIRE II" says:
And it shows.
I just love the moniker. Most people just want to be known to their
neighbors as child molestors -- you go all out, though.

@_date: 1994-03-15 08:17:53
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: spyproofing your house/work building 
System Operator says:
You mean heat? What did they do, exactly? Erect giant heat lamps in
front of the house? No one inside noticed either?

@_date: 1994-03-18 07:00:53
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Locating Color Copiers 
joshua geller says:
Whats hard to pass about 20s? They are as common as water in New York.
The bank machines don't even spit out 10s any more for the most part.

@_date: 1994-03-19 07:28:03
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Locating Color Copiers 
Jeremiah A Blatz says:
And why is that, Mr. Blatz?
Every bill in my wallet is crisp and new. Crisp new bills are favored
by banks for their bank machines, and virtually every bill other than
$1 and $5s in circulation here in New York was spit out by a bank
People on this list are remarkably insular -- everyone here seems to
think "the way it is in my town is the way it is everywhere".
In some places in this country, $20s are extremely common and all of
them are clean and well pressed. In some places this is not the case.
Don't assume your local conditions hold everywhere.
Now can we get back to cryptography?

@_date: 1994-03-19 07:47:14
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: spyproofing your house/work building 
Wayne Q Jones says:
Now Wayne, you remember what the doctor said about you neededing to
take your medication EVERY DAY, don't you? Go back to the medicine
cabinet and take your medicine or they might send you back to the
hospital again and give you more shock therapy.

@_date: 1994-03-21 03:41:32
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: anti-security measures 
an53400 says:
I need to convince someone that mugging is a big problem in the inner
city. If someone out there could send me a good pistol so I can go out
and mug them I would appreciate it.

@_date: 1994-03-22 12:32:35
@_author: "Perry E. Metzger" 
@_subject: Re: Promise her anything... 
Peter Hendrickson says:
Not really true -- much of US debt is still in the form of bearer
bonds, although new bearer bonds are not being produced. I don't think
they were made illegal per se -- I forget what was used to prevent
them from being issued.
In any case, bearer instruments in the generic sense are perfectly
legal. Write a check to "CASH" and what you have is a bearer
People wanting to learn about this should get a book on commercial
paper, which is the subset of the law we are discussing.
