
@_date: 1993-07-15 10:40:36
@_author: Physics of Computation Seminar 
@_subject: Physics of Computation Seminar, Monday July 19 
Quantum versus Classical Information: a Fruitful Dichotomy
    Charles H. Bennett
    IBM Research, Yorktown Heights
    Abstract:
    Classical information (the kind in newspapers) and quantum
    information (carried by certain states of elementary particles
    such as photons) are very different.  Classical information can
    be read, copied, and transcribed into any medium, but it cannot
    be sent faster than the speed of light.  Quantum information
    cannot be read or copied without disturbing it, but in some
    instances can propagate instantaneously or even backward in time.
    Together the two kinds of information can perform several feats
    that neither could do alone.  These include quantum cryptographic
    systems, some of which have already been built, in which privacy
    of communications is guaranteed by the uncertainty principle; and
    a new technique, "quantum teleportation", by which an unknown
    quantum state (eg a photon of unknown polarization), can be dismembered
    into purely classical and purely nonclassical parts, transmitted
    through separate channels to a new location, and recombined there to
    produce a perfect reincarnation of the original state.
    Host:  Norm Margolus, MIT Lab for Computer Science
This talk is part of a new seminar series on adapting computers and
computations to the constraints of, and opportunities afforded by,
microphysics; and on the development and application of the physical theory
of computation and information.  Please forward this notice to anyone who
you think might be interested.  Anyone who wishes to be added to the
distribution list for these seminar announcements should send email to
This series is being sponsored by the MIT Information Mechanics Group (Lab
for Computer Science), in conjunction with the MIT Physics and Media Group
(Media Lab), the MIT Porous Flow Project (Earth, Atmospheric and Planetary
Sciences), and the Mathematical Sciences Research Group at Thinking
Machines Corporation.

@_date: 1993-12-03 19:24:49
@_author: Physics of Computation Seminar 
@_subject: "Modern Optics & Spectroscopy Seminar" of special interest. 
Cryptography has, for a long period of time, been regarded as a part
of mathematics, with computational difficulty as a safeguard of
information. Unfortunately, faster computers and better algorithms
have step by step cracked the protection barriers of even the most
sophisticated codes. The quest for unbreakable ciphers had to venture
outside mathematics, and surprisingly, towards quantum physics [1].
I will discuss the overlap between different theoretical and
experimental techniques developed independently by research groups
working in secure communication and quantum physics. In particular I
will present a method in which the security of the so-called key
distribution and also the key storing processes in cryptography relies
on quantum correlations [2]. The proposed scheme is based on Bohm's
well-known version of the Einstein-Podolsky-Rosen gedankenexperiment
and has been currently implemented using the Mach-Zehnder
interferometer [3].
[1] For a simple introduction to quantum cryptography see
    BENNET_CH, BRASSARD_G, EKERT_AK  "Quantum Cryptography"
    SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN 1992 OCTOBER PP.50-59;
    EKERT_AK  "Quantum Keys for Keeping Secrets"
    NEW SCIENTIST 16 JANUARY 1993 PP.24-28.
[2] EKERT_AK  "Quantum Cryptography Based on Bell's Theorem"
    PHYSICAL REVIEW LETTERS 1992 VOL.67 PP.661-663.
[3] EKERT_AK, RARITY_JG, TAPSTER_PR, PALMA_GM
    "Practical Quantum Cryptography Based on 2-Photon Interferometry"
    PHYSICAL REVIEW LETTERS 1992 VOL.69 NO.9 PP.1293-1295.
