
@_date: 1995-08-25 18:53:06
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Auto-pgp for pine/elm/tin (fwd) 
In Garfinkel's book, he talks about the risks of running PGP on a multiuser system where others (sys. admins, eg) have higher levels of authority than you do.  I have PGP installed on my pc and if I want to use it, I can save the message in ascii, then upload it to the server where I have my Internet account, then mail it.  maybe not entirely transparent, but at least it seems to me that the convenience of running it on the server with something like Mr. Wilcox's BAP is not worth the added risk.  Besides, how often do you need to use it?  ---------- Forwarded message ----------
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----

@_date: 1995-08-29 20:53:27
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: SSL brute/ng 
If anyone is putting together a wish list of features for the next iteration of the distributed brute would they like to consider some sort of mirroring approach for the server (at least on stats or updates/ software ) so that some of that traffic could be reduced?  I'm afraid I am one of the guilty trying to log on to check on the stats at least once and I probably contributed to choking it just by doing that.  If a local server could have been updated, it would save bandwidth on the server doing real work.
Could a trusted group of segemnt dolers be put together? I like the idea of running a benchmark type of program so that I could multiply keys/sec times the amount of time I had to donate, and only get a reasonable for me number of segments.
I would hope that statistics be gathered on the number of keys tested, elapsed time, etc. so that we all got some more or less real world insight into key lengths and strengths, effort required to break, that we have all heard so many projections about... especially as the doling gets more sophisticated and the number of participants/cycle pool increases.
Will there be Hal3?  Just to ask a really dumb question, how do you know when you get the key?
Is there some plaintext header string you're looking for?  --pjp

@_date: 1995-09-10 20:43:52
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: GAK/weak crypto rationale? 
After reviewing the reports filed by our intrepid reporters in the field about the NIST meetings, I am left with a puzzling thought:  Why are the NSA and the FBI so very keen on GAK and weak crypto?  There was posted on this list some time back a statistic about the number of wiretaps and intercepts requested and authorized in the past year.  As I recall, the number was quite small - around 12K [?].  Someone had found this out through an FOIA request, perhaps, (my recollection of it is poor). It was not a large number, anyway.  I must conclude that the actual number of intercepts is much, much larger than they are saying, and that they must be getting what they perceive to be good intel from all this snooping.
Otherwise, why would the NSA and the FBI be so gung-ho on this, when everyone is telling them it is bad for US software business, abhorrent to privacy rights, unenforceable, and just plain bone-headed in these new international geodesic network times?
p.s. -thanks for the reports, well done. I think most of the list readers are very appreciative of the coverage provided on Crypto95 and NIST sham.

@_date: 1995-09-13 18:15:04
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: MS-Word macros disassembler/cracker? 
This was on the Info-Sec mailing list and appears to be a request for help in cracking some sort of execute-only wrappers on MicroSoft Word-for-Windows macros, the concern being that the macros need to be defused if they're malignant.  If anybody wants to, they may respond right . . . .
. . . .

@_date: 1995-09-18 21:32:59
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: taxonomies of 'real money' and e-cash 
On the 15th of September, Tim May wrote -
. . .
. . . .
 Maybe I'm missing the larger point, but isn't it accurate that in the digital world, one protocol or procedure may take the place of perhaps several of the 'real-world' procedures or protocols?  An effective mechanism of signing with non-repudiation that was recognized as binding on the signer would permit 'checks', 'promissory notes', 'IOUs', and 'warrants'.  Some of the other species listed in your post aren't really money, anyway.  They are things you can buy with money, like stock certificates or Maseratis.  One could conceivably buy convertible debentures with e-cash, the same as one could buy them with 'real money', but it doesn't follow that there should be some one-to-one mapping of real money objects and classes onto electronic analogues.  Once again, i've probably missed the forest, but a couple of the trees distracted me.
--PJ Ponder

@_date: 1995-09-19 05:38:15
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: taxonomies of 'real money' and e-cash 
My mistake then.  You obviously have in mind some things much more subtle and more logically removed from money, or currency, or even liquidity than what I thought you were referring to.  I'm going back to reading the list in the mornings.
 . . . .

@_date: 1995-09-26 15:31:07
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Internet draft on MIME/PGP 
Don't want to start another MIME war, but thought some on the list might be interested in this.
---------- Forwarded message ----------
A New Internet-Draft is available from the on-line Internet-Drafts directories.                                                                      Title     : MIME Security with Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)                   Author(s) : M. Elkins
       Filename  : draft-elkins-pem-pgp-00.txt
       Pages     : 3
       Date      : 09/25/1995
This document describes how Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) can be used to provide privacy and authentication using the Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME) security content types described in RFCXXXX (draft-ietf-pem-sigenc-03.txt).                                            Internet-Drafts are available by anonymous FTP.  Login with the username
"anonymous" and a password of your e-mail address.  After logging in,
type "cd internet-drafts" and then
     "get draft-elkins-pem-pgp-00.txt".
A URL for the Internet-Draft is:
Internet-Drafts directories are located at:	
     o  Africa                                           Address:  ftp.is.co.za (196.4.160.8)	
     o  Europe                                           Address:  nic.nordu.net (192.36.148.17)	
        Address:  ftp.nis.garr.it (192.12.192.10)
     o  Pacific Rim                                      Address:  munnari.oz.au (128.250.1.21)	
     o  US East Coast                                    Address:  ds.internic.net (198.49.45.10)	
     o  US West Coast                                    Address:  ftp.isi.edu (128.9.0.32)  	
Internet-Drafts are also available by mail.	
Send a message to:  mailserv In the body type:      "FILE /internet-drafts/draft-elkins-pem-pgp-00.txt".
NOTE: The mail server at ds.internic.net can return the document in
      MIME-encoded form by using the "mpack" utility.  To use this
      feature, insert the command "ENCODING mime" before the "FILE"
      command.  To decode the response(s), you will need "munpack" or
      a MIME-compliant mail reader.  Different MIME-compliant mail readers
      exhibit different behavior, especially when dealing with
      "multipart" MIME messages (i.e., documents which have been split
      up into multiple messages), so check your local documentation on
      how to manipulate these messages.
For questions, please mail to Internet-Drafts
Below is the data which will enable a MIME compliant mail reader implementation to automatically retrieve the ASCII version
of the Internet-Draft.

@_date: 1995-10-16 18:19:07
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Security Spectra 
In your recent post to the cypherpunks mailing list you proposed a taxonomy of security weaknesses and vulnerabilities, adding that these may be perhaps categorized and ranked.  Standard practice in the computer and communications security business has for many years been based on the idea of risk analysis.  More or less systemmatic approaches to risk analysis have been put forward over the years.  One example is FIPS Pub 65 which attempted to systematize risk analysis and ideally lead one to a quantified level of risk at the end.  The method was too burdensome to be effective, and most people today use a more qualitative approach.
The whole idea of categorizing or ranking holes and vulnerabilities ab intitio, outside of their contextual application to a real system is not very helpful.  Systems vary so widely in their criticalities, sensitivities, costs, etc., that each of your pre-defined categorized weaknesses would have to be rejudged - in the context of the system being analyzed - to determine how, and to what extent it could effect the system.
For example, a system with a weakness in logging events would be a disaster in a busy commercial transactional system that may need logs to recover from errors or to trace mischievious actions.  Another system, however, may find the lack of effective logging an inconvenience at worst (maybe even a plus, if the Pennsylvania cops are at the door).  The standard approach as I understand it is to analyze the system against all the known vulnerabilities and attempt to measure (maybe only qualitatively) the risks associated with the vulnerabilities.  I think analyzing holes by themselves, outside of any context, is a good academic exercise, and may lead to useful knowledge that people analyzing real systems can use, but it is not an advantage to attempt to grade them in the abstract.
you'll probably get lots more useful advice from others more articulate than I, but I hadn't posted to the list in awhile and am curious about how all these bounce messages everyone is talking about. Are there lots others besides the guy with 1000 messages in his mailbox?  I guesss I'll

@_date: 1995-10-17 18:39:15
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: Security Spectra (Oops) 
Please watch your attribution.  Vlad Nuri proposed this rating scheme.
Oops.  Sorry about that.

@_date: 1995-10-24 21:29:15
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: re: Remailer-in-a-Box, Everyone a Remailer 
how about pop-ups?  This has a real future, I think.  It would be easy enough to leave one's pc logged in for a while (maybe even earn a little ebread with it?) and forward some mail around, after checking with the server to see if there were any new messages for the cypherpunks password screen saver or any anon posts to be remailed.
pj p.s. seems like the list is gettign a little hard-edged as TCMay pointed out recently.  Everybody jumping on everyone else, and on their products, too.  I want secure and powerful tools, too.  But it seems liek a feeding frenzy.  And as soon as someone posts on something a little askew, right back come the replies to cut the shit and get back on the topic.
I say lighten up.

@_date: 1995-12-27 23:07:25
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: MD5 for DOS/Windows 
Anybody have a DOS or Windows implementation of MD5 available?
PJ Ponder

@_date: 1995-12-28 20:46:11
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: DOS - MD5 - Thanks 
Thanks to everyone who offered help on the MD5 for DOS.
Greg Broiles pointed me to the pgp source, which may do the
trick. (There is MD5 module in pgp[?]) I will investigate.
For everyone's info, didn't find a freestanding dos implementation, tho.  My copy of Schneier didn't have the
disk, so I don't know if it's there, either.

@_date: 1995-12-28 20:45:50
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Crypto specialist wanted 
CSI's most recent _Computer Security Alert_ has a listing for:
Cryptographic specialist for a San Diego based firm.  Headhunter's
address is: vfalcon
(I know this is isn't jobs.misc, but traffic having been relatively
light, I'm passing this on to others who may be interested in
crypto, but aren't on CSI's mailing list.  Now back to frequency
hopping radios and Anti-Fred)

@_date: 1996-01-20 12:38:42
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: What news along the Rialto? 
Well, we're waiting. . .
   Those of us who didn't make it to the RSADSI conference are
   anxious to hear interesting tales of the Left Coast & crypto.
   One need not have the stylistic piquancy of John Young; one
   need only type up one's notes, optionally sign the missive,
   and mail or remail on to the list, posterity, and the Hoover
   Palace.
   I think maybe Bob H. went[?]; he e$pammed a press release
   from Florida's own Fischer Int'l. Sys. Corp. re: SmartDisk,
   which isn't really news, having been out for quite some time.
   When I first saw it, I smacked my forehead sharply with my
   open hand and said, "Exon the Contented Catamite! Why didn't
   I think of that?"   I hope they sell a million of them.
   Any news from field agents appreciated.
   Any news from RSADSI re: prices and availablity of videos,
   etc., is also OK as far as I'm concerned.
   --
   pj
   Defending the home, regret vanishes. - 19Jan96
   p.s. noise.sys is neato! Thanks, Robt. Rothenburg Walking-Owl
   and funet.fi folks

@_date: 1996-01-31 20:18:46
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: NOISE: Borenstein's Fatal Spam (Was: Plonk, Dr. Fred) 
please don't try to make sensible replies to this type of tar-baby
garbage.  What's the point in arguing with someone who only wants you to argue with them and make sure you spell their name right?
First Virtual, you lost a lot of ground with me.
(sounds like others feel the same way, too).
... that sucking sound is your reputation capital being
snarfed off your keyboard and encrypted by tempest-bots
lurking just under your tinfoil helmet.  I'd be worried.
The corrupted keyboard buffer of   . . .
To which FV's own replied:
I trust you've seen by now that we made no claim to have discovered
keyboard sniffers.  Please read our claims more carefully, and I'd be
delighted to discuss them rationally.  -- Nathaniel
delighted to discuss them at all, I would bet.  Anyone interested
in a discussion of whether or not keyboard sniffers work?
a pox on your virtual house for a bad spam, poorly aimed at this
list, in particular. NEVER TYPE CYPHERPUNKS IN THE TO: LINE

@_date: 1996-02-24 04:50:35
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: pcmcia 
I am just assuming that the Association (PCMCIA) has a way of distributing
specs, etc. I also assume they have a web page and all that, maybe even a citizen-unit subscribed to this mailing list who probably could
point us in the right direction.  I think PCMCIA cards offer a lot of
potential as wallets and general purpose privacy prophylaxis engines.
I don't know anything about the technology, but the device drivers, et al,
could be publicly reviewed and recompiled on trusted machines, presumably,
and the device itself could be tested (I assume) with a publicly available routine that once again one could install from source, etc. how much do the slots cost to add on to pc's that don't already have them?
Is there a parallel interface, for instance, that can plug into a printer port?

@_date: 1996-02-24 08:20:27
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: TIS--Building in Big Brother for a Better Tommorrow 
Steve Walker wrote to John Young:
(large piece snipped; good stuff though.)
   +  Suppose the U.S. government had never thought of placing
      export controls on cryptography...
      We would now have widespread use of encryption, both
      domestically and worldwide; we would be in a state of
      "Utopia," with widespread availability of cryptography
      with unlimited key lengths. But, once in this state, we
      will face situations where we need a file that had been
      encrypted by an associate who is unavailable (illness,
      traffic jam, or change of jobs). We will then realize
      that we must have some systematic way to recover our
      encrypted information when the keys are unavailable.
      When we add a user-controlled key recovery capability to
      our Utopia, we find ourselves in an "Ultimate Utopia,"
      with unlimited key length cryptography, widely available
      through mass market applications, and user-controlled
      key recovery.
The first paragraph here bothered me.  If a user (or an organization)
needs to have access to data that was encrypted by an associate ( or one
of its employees) wouldn't sound practice require that the key not be
entrusted to just one person?  I don't see the need for any fancy
"key-recovery" protocol with any outside entities.  We can handle this
internally in my shop.  Some keys I give a copy to Alice, and down the
hall Bob has some, too.  If I get hit by the bus, they can get my company related data back.  We don't need any "service" or "licensee" or "trusted third party" or any of that, thank you very much.  And we don't need any one developing OTPs for us either, and we don't need government agencies keeping copies of any of our keys.
Am I in the state of utopia already, is this what "user controlled key recovery" means?  I think it's just common sense and sound management practice.  If you know that your co-worker/colleague/summer intern, etc is encrypting your business related data, you should make sure you can get it back if she doesn't come back from lunch.  Let her keep her own PGP passphrase, though. That's her business.
I am now going to push a button and cause this to quantumly re-assemble in California.  Really two buttons (Ctrl-X). One observes, one measures.
send message body: "unsubscribe cypherpunks yourmailbox  to: majordomo to drop off the list. Don't put it in quotes, tho.

@_date: 1996-02-23 14:33:39
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: IMC resolving security workshop 
Thanks to Raph for his excellent write-up on the IMC workshop "Resolving e-mail Security".
Thanks to IMC for sponsoring it and having an agenda, etc.
Thanks to the companies supporting IMC with corporate memberships, too.
hint, hint.
I am also concerned (as many on this list must be) about the 40 bits
and public perception.  If everyone thinks that Damien and the combined computing power of France is needed for two weeks to break it, then there is more teaching to be done, certainly.
Speaking of teaching, writing up one's notes after a meeting or conference and posting them to the list is an excellent benefit to those of us that didn't get to go.
ObSecureMail: I got the beta Pronto secure mail, but haven't had tome to fool with it yet, then I got a mesage about a bad key or something. What's up with that?
P.J. Ponder, individual member, IMC. (and proud of it)
EXTRA NOISE PART: I am trying to clean up al my typos so none will think I am IPGSales. (Yikes.)

@_date: 1996-02-20 21:03:21
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: unsubscribing info; pcmcia, anyone? 
reply follows-------------------------------------------------------
to unsubscribe from the cypherpunks mailing list, send to:
an e-mail message with the following text in the body of the message:
buenas suerte, nemesis.
p.s. -- a little hint: if your mail reader lets you save messages rec'd in folders or some such thing, you should save all the messages you get from mailing list software (like the first two messages you got from cypherpunks) in a sepaprate folder (like one called 'lists'.) Then you will be able to go back and unsubscribe or sign off when you want.
I'm thinking of putting the how to unsubscribe info for RFC-Dist and IETF-Announce (and maybe c.punks) in a .sig file - but I hate sigs so.

@_date: 1996-05-19 04:15:55
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: key signing at cyberpayments? 
if anyone is attending the cyberpayments conference in Dallas
June 17th or so and is interested in PGP key signing, please
advise in private mail or to the list.  Thank you.
pj ponder

@_date: 1996-06-06 04:30:36
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Signature Act of 1996 
The Florida act is available at
  as was repeatedly brought up during hearings on this bill, the existing law does not preclude digital signatures from being used or from being offered in evidence in support of an argument that so-and-so 'signed' or agreed to something.  What the sponsors of this bill wanted was to provide additional credence and an air of legitimacy to digital signatures, even tho the existing law already permits their use.
In practice, if one asserted a digital signature as evidence of another's agreement to a contract for example, the party making the assertion could offer other evidence to attest to the validity of the signature, just as one would do in the case of a hand-written or holographic signature. (by bringing in handwriting experts, e.g.)
The interesting thing to watch in Florida will be the rules and procedures to be developed by the (Florida) Secretary of State's office relating to certificate authorities, licensing requirements, CRLs, etc.
I think the Florida Bar wants me to add to that if you feel you have a legal problem of any kind, you should seek the advice of a competent attorney.  I am not representing you and you rely on cypherpunks mailing list legal advice at your peril.

@_date: 1996-06-08 12:40:38
@_author: "P.J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Wasting time and bandwidth on Bell 
I've noticed quite a few, actually.  I don't know how many are regular
readers but there seems to be enough to maintain a steady undercurrent of
legal thinking on the issues associated with digital commerce, some
anonymity and First Amendment issues, a sprinkling of criminal law topics,
and of course, banking, intellectual property, SEC, antitrust, general
contract, and related commercial law.
Or they automatically delete any posts that come from or relate to the puerile bullshit Bell is infamous for, and choose not to get dragged into this type of time- and bandwidth- wasting garbage.  Of which this post is just another, of course, but i get so damn sick and tired of the constant imposition of 'AP' and related nonsense on this list.  Of late, the trolls seems to be particularly effective among people who should know better, and an aura of credence or relevance has developed around some of this crap.  Can't we just ignore it, and move on?  Maybe if we ignore him he'll go away.
I would be satisfied if they just outlawed e-mail about it.
