
@_date: 1996-07-05 13:22:56
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: InfoTrends ISTrends - Issue 55 (fwd) 
Anybody know what this is about?  I noticed it in the current issue of Information Society Trends.  Thanks.  Happy Independence Day USA!  ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Information Society Trends
Issue number: 55 - (13.6.96 - 27.6.96)
[big piece snipped out here] The Japanese Ministry of International trade and Industry (MITI) is
planning the launch in 1997 in collaboration with Japanese electronics and
computer firms of trials for an electronic certification system which
would be used for the transmission of formal documents as well as to
provide a high level of security for electronic commerce. [more stuff snipped out here]
DGXIII - The content of "Information Society Trends" does not necessarily
reflect the European Commission's views. Also available electronically:
http:/ E-mail subscription:
Majordomo@ enter SUBSCRIBE ISTRENDS + your e-mail address

@_date: 1996-07-26 11:01:34
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: Ross Anderson's Eternity Service 
In response to Hal's questions...
I think the Eternity Service, as I understand the idea (altho I haven't read the paper yet), is valuable to society.  In some countries, the government may try to suppress views and information unpopular to them and the ES could help make the information available.  Sort of like Radio Free Internet.  This one use - helping people who may be living under repressive governments get access to more information - would make the service valuable.  There is certainly a large risk to intellectual property holders, if people
used such a service to distribute copies of software, music, videos, or
whatever, to avoid paying royalties and etc.
re the DES hack, has anyone asked Damien when the researchers go on vacation? ;^)

@_date: 1996-08-10 07:37:14
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: John Gilmore on the Radio! 
Today at lunchtime in the Eastern Time Zone, the radio show Real Computing with John C. Dvorak had John Gilmore as a guest, and Dvorak asked several questions about the US federal case against Phil Zimmerman.  Surprising how little Dvorak knew about the issues, especially considering he's a pretty bright guy and up-to-speed with the technology.  He asked JG [paraphrasing] - now that the government case against PRZ is dropped, what else is the Electronic Frontier Foundation (of which Gilmore is a board member) taking up as its next 'cause'?
The implication was that the 'crypto thing' is settled and we can move on
to other issues.
This may have been a rebroadcast of an earlier show, I don't know.
Gilmore was referred to by Dvorak as the head of the cypherpunks a few times.

@_date: 1996-08-21 15:16:50
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: Hackers invade DOJ web site 
keywords: Crypto-policy, digital signatures, Anti-Horsemen,
          secure-DNS, DOJ-web-prank, Ayn Rand, hydrazine          Will Day  responed to Frank Stuart's
cogent and insightful posting on the DOJ hack and a possibility
of using the tawdry event to some advantage....  If you missed Frank Stuart's original message, much of it is in Will Day's response.
I have made some tedious reformatting here with prepended 'Day' and 'FS' marks to separate the two and clipped some ephemeral lines. Will Day signed his message with Pretty Good Privacy, but I clipped the signature from that off, also, having already hosed it up with my editing of line lengths, &c., so that you couldn't check it anyway,
even if you wanted to.
The gist of Will Day's question is how can an argument be made that supports the greater availability of strong crypto from the fact that someone swapped spoofed-up (and inane) pages for the DOJ's own on the DOJ's own web site?
Let's start by trying to imagine a future world of geodesic networks
based on robust strong protocols that are ubiquitous, easy to use, and
embedded in the chips of even the most mundane devices.  In this world,
authentication of data, such as web pages, is required (or at least it
could be) for every packet we receive.  For data retrieved from remote
sites we may require multiple signatures, and certificates signed by
someone in whom we have placed a high reputation value. When (or if) freely available legal authentication technology becomes
ubiquitous and transparent, we will be able to use it for even low
risk, trivial, applications - like remote controls for televisions. We sure as hell won't have to stay up at night worrying that some punk
is going to change any of the bits on our web server and that such
changes might go undetected by our code-signed auto-gunsel.
We are a long way from crypto-Chaumian-utopia, and it appears as though the US federal government wants to make it harder for us to get there.  (As an aside, I think the Clinton administration gets more of the blame for this than they should, since it was entrenched policy before they got out of Arkansas.  I think the roots of Clipper and GAK are back in Reagan's stint, about the time of NSDD 145. But then, the current leaders aren't doing much to develop meaningful *public* cryptography policy, so they have to take the heat now.)
Strong crypto helps people protect what is theirs.  That is part of what Frank Stuart is saying, and he's right.  That is a good point, and it deserves some attention.  Strong crypto can help big powerful organizations like the DOJ, and it can help regular folks, too.
Frank Stuart's next point is a beauty - at least the DOJ site that was attacked didn't have copies of everyone's secret keys stored on it.  We all may know that even if GAK were ever passed, no one would be stupid enough to store the keys on a web server sitting out on the big bad Internet, but the cleverness of this spin-vector is that it raises the issue of GAK-riskiness in the context of DOJ's computer security. The last point is that another law on the books isn't needed, and wouldn't be effective anyway.
I have gone on way too long already, but to sum up, the DOJ being abused may serve to help the cause, if the proper angle can be seen - and Frank Stuart is off to a good start.  The specific answer to Will Day's question, which is a good one - how does crytpo protect your poor little Linux box in the corner that serves up web pages? -
is left up to the student as an exercise. Day>A short time ago, at a computer terminal far, far away, Frank Stuart FS> however, I think those in a position to do so should start with FS> the spin control.  Some suggestions:
FS>   The fact that even the U.S. Justice Department is unable to FS> adequately  protect it's own site from intruders underscores the FS> need for widely-available strong encryption.
FS>   While this is certainly a major embarrassment for the Justice FS> Department, at least the mandatory "key escrow" program the Clinton
FS> administration is insisting upon has not yet been implemented; FS> no private citizens' data appears to have been compromised this time.
FS>   It's doubtful that a new law or government bureaucracy would have FS> prevented this from happening but it's entirely possible that tools FS> such as strong encryption could have.  It's ironic that the U.S. FS> Government is focusing on the former while fighting use of the latter.
Day> I understand how it affects their claim for the security of escrowed
Day> keys, but I'm afraid I don't follow the other argument.  How would
Day> the wide availability of strong encryption have helped prevent the
Day> breakin?  How would encryption in general prevent breakins?  I'd Day> love to use this as an argument for strong encryption, but I Day> don't see how it really applies.

@_date: 1996-09-01 13:40:14
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Esther Dyson on Remailers 
pretty grim reading in the LA Times article if that is really the EFF position on remailers.
could someone straighten this out, or at least give us the EFF's view of why remailers are a bad thing? with friends like that, who needs enemies?
So long, Julf - Thank you for a valuable public service!
Best of luck to you!
to unsubscribe, mail to majordomo a message that reads:
unsubscribe cypherpunks (in the message body, not subject line).

@_date: 1996-09-03 04:53:50
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: new-thinking mailing list tidbit; Singapore slings 
keywords: thought police; mind control; Stone Age; cluelessness;
          Island nation; why are remailers bad?
the mailing list 'new-thinking' has an interesting piece in the current issue, speaking of on-line communities of interest.
the archive is at:
For a hyperlinked version of this piece, please go to:
For New thinking archives, please go to:
sounds like the Singapore brainwashing is working pretty well if their
educated people are opposed to even a discussion of whether free speech
is a good thing or not.  Yikes.  It isn't a cultural thing, pinhead.
Get life, government goon.  Free speech is the right to say things
others - even a _majority_ or even the government - may find unpopular. And you can tell your fascist dictator I said so.
P.J. Ponder
OBCrypto: for a keyed-SHA signature system, is there an advantage to pre-pending the keystring as opposed to appending it?  I think I read something about this in one of Hugo Kracyk's (sp) papers about a keyed-MD5 system, but now I can't find it.  If I recall correctly, he explained why it was better to put the key part in the beginning, instead of the end....
Thanks for any help.  [Anti-Dyson and anti-EFF rant left off for now. waiting for more responses from EFF et al.  Was nice to get a reply from Esther Dyson.
Didn't change my mind about anonymity being a good thing, though.  It will be interesting to see what Julf gets back from his survey of why people are opposed or in favor of anonymity.]  [See the web page listed in the press release from penet.]
I looked at the FTP, Inc. software site referenced here a few days ago
for the email package that integrates PGP. Pretty hefty package to ftp
over a 28.8 dialup.  The write-up on the web page looked good - I'll ftp
it at the office over the T1 if I can and see what it does.  I assume
it blows up after the 30 days (or whatever the trial period is)?

@_date: 1996-09-06 02:11:32
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: rc2 export limits.. 
keywords:  ITAR, SHA, beneficial and innocuous crypto
The FIPS Pub (?180? ?181?) for the Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA) states in the fine print at the beginning that SHA is export controlled.  I don't have the document to refer to right now, but it plainly states that SHA  falls under ITAR.  As a cryptographic hash function, why would it be controlled in this way?
How can I use SHA to encrypt something for someone else to decrypt?  I know how to use it for authentication; am I missing something here?
I tried that OnNet32 e-mail software from FTP software.  It runs under Windows95.  It is a lot of material to download, and way too intrusive to install.  It wants to metastasize itself into the innards of Microsoft Exchange and Inboxes, etc.  What is it with all this complexity anyway?  Why not just have a POP client that will check mail on the server?
It also wants you to store your mailbox password in it, as opposed to letting you enter it on a session-by-session basis.  I don't like that.
sticking with PINE, PGP, and Xywrite II for now....

@_date: 1996-09-06 21:23:16
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: rc2 export limits.. 
keywords: block cipher, Bruce Schneier, SHA, ITAR
Thanks to Perry Metzger and Andrew Loewenstern for their responses to
my question viz: Why is SHA export controlled?  I should always check
_Applied Cryptography_ first before I ask a question.  And I guess now that I have two copies, I could leave the red one at the office and bring the blue one home.  I didn't reply to Andrew Loewenstern and Perry Metzger separately,
because I think they both read the list, and I think replying to both might be bad form in those cases where the person is known to read the on the subject of anonymity, maybe some folks have yet to understand the binary nature of it.  If there are exceptions to anonymous writing that can be enforced against the writer, then it's over.  Either others will be able to compel discovery of anonymous writers' True Names or they won't.  If methods exist that permit writers to remain anonymous with very high
degrees of assurance that their true identities will not be found out,
then we will have anonymity.  It's either one or the other.  Anonymity
can be used to produce hate speech, lies, posting of intellectual
property, and other things that many of us would rather not see.  But, that is the price of having anonymity where it is needed and valuable.

@_date: 1996-09-27 11:01:06
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: NIST conference 
Following is an announcement about a NIST conference on leveraging the distributed nature of the Internet to accomplish tasks that might be otherwise not feasible.  The abstract notes that this type of activity has 'important economic, social, and political consequences'.
This may already be old news, I was off the list for the past few days.

@_date: 1996-09-29 05:29:58
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: [CRYPTO], or hash, anyway 
I need a copy of the appendix to the SHA FIPS pub (180-1?) that has the three test texts and corresponding SHA hashes, so that I can test an SHA implementation I'm working with.  I have tried the NIST site, and can't seem to get through.  If anybody has this test deal, or knows where it is out there on the net somewhere, please let me know.  Thanks in advance.
(My problem is I keep getting different hashes between an MS-DOS version
I'm running and one running on a Linux box, when I ftp the same files back
and forth. @  I thought maybe I was having problems with some kind of
Line-feed vs. Carriage Return/Line-feed conversion deal, but it also
generates different hashes on binary files.  So I thought I would test the
Linux and the DOS one against the specs in the FIPS, and see which one is
hosed up.)
     to unsubscribe, send to majordomo a message that reads:
                        unsubscribe cypherpunks
              in the message body, not the SUBJECT: line.

@_date: 1996-09-29 05:55:08
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: [NOISE, was CRYPTO], or hash, anyway 
Please disregard earlier message about finding copy of the SHA document: FIPS PUB 180-1, I found it at: Thanks, anyway.

@_date: 1996-09-30 11:35:12
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: GPS [MARGINAL, at best] 
There was an article in _Scientific American_ February 1996 about GPS.  I couldn't find the magazine, but they had this squib on the    'The Global Positioning System'
  Thomas A. Herring
  Two dozen satellites hovering thousands of miles up can locate your   position on the earth's surface to within a few centimeters.   Originally constructed for military applications, this network of   space beacons today finds civilian applications--such as landing   airplanes in fog--that demand accuracy beyond what its designers had   thought would be technically possible.
According to the website, there was also a letter in the June 1996 issue responding to Herring's article.  Here it is:
  MILITARY ADVANTAGE   I was pleased when I first saw your February article "The Global   Positioning System," by Thomas A. Herring. As developers and operators   of GPS, we in the Department of Defense and our partners in industry   are justifiably proud of the technology. GPS represents the best of   American scientific and technical ingenuity as well as being an   excellent example of cooperation between the military and civilian   sectors. But after reading the entire article, I was disappointed by   its unbalanced discussion of the national security aspects of GPS.   Yes, the Defense Department does operate GPS with unpopular security   features. But these features were not designed to inconvenience the   peaceful users of the system, as Herring implies. Rather they were   designed to provide U.S. and allied forces with a crucial military   edge. Furthermore, the Defense Department is well aware that the   security aspects of GPS are an additional burden for many users. And   while we believe such measures are still needed at this time to help   preserve our military advantage, we have set a goal of discontinuing   regular use of the feature known as Selective Availability, the   component that degrades GPS accuracy, within a decade.   Both time and resources are needed to replace the advantages Selective   Availability provides. In light of the revolutionary contributions of   GPS to both military and commercial enterprise, Herring could have   portrayed the technology in a more evenhanded manner.   PAUL G. KAMINSKI   Under Secretary   Department of Defense

@_date: 1996-09-30 13:32:38
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: The ever-vigilant John Anon 
This is quite real, and was posted on the CCC list a while ago.  It turns
out the Isaac Newton Institute for Mathematical Sciences (Cambridge, UK)
has been having a regular series of seminars on crypto and papers from a
distinguished group of presenters.  Several of the agenda notices, etc.,
have been posted here from time to time, hidden in the usual spew.
Look for the proceedings to be published by Springer Verlag.
Do a web search on 'Information Hiding' or 'Turbo Codes' or just go look at:  Snake oil, indeed.

@_date: 1996-10-01 12:34:22
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: GPS 
The National [US] Academy of Sciences has a new web spot called 'Beyond Discovery' and one of the articles posted is about the Global Positioning System.  You may observe same at: I just learned the name 'John Anonymous MacDonald' gets stuck on mail that
goes through a certain remailer, no matter who sends it. And I thought it
was one particular idiot.  Turns out, it's any number of people, plus one
particular idiot.          to unsubscribe write to majordomo with the words
                          unsubscribe cypherpunks
               in the body (not the subject) of the message.

@_date: 1996-10-06 12:54:51
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: Can we kill single DES? 
. . . snip . . .
I think any protocol even similar to one used in a financial type transaction, protected by DES would be a good target.  The press could say that DES, the same algorithm used to protect financial transactions, has been broken.  Hal Finney provided the target data in the last couple of these
distributed cracks, I believe. Sounds like there needs to be much more involvement in this one,
because of the number of cycles required.  The doling out of keys
will be a bigger job, also.  If a 100 Mhz Pentium takes 4133 years,
then I guess 4133 Pentiums takes 1 year.  One year is too long to
prove the point of weakness.
To unsubscribe, send to majordomo
unsubscribe cypherpunks
in the message body, not the subject line.
Note: Don't send to list (Perry-gram risk!)

@_date: 1996-10-11 05:14:55
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: [NOISE] Funny quote in Word-A-Day 
the Word-A-Day mailing list came up with a humorous quote,
almost germane to some of the ramblings on this list....
So long, Perry....
Let us know when you get a new list set up & best wishes.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-10-14 17:21:22
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: RFC2015 on MIME Security with PGP (fwd) 
A new Request for Comments is now available in online RFC libraries.
        RFC 2015:
        Title:      MIME Security with Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
        Author:     M. Elkins
        Date:       October 1996
        Mailbox:    P.O. Box 92957 - M1/102
                    Los Angeles, CA 90009-2957
        Pages:      8
        Characters: 14,223
        Updates/Obsoletes:  None
        URL:        ftp://ds.internic.net/rfc/rfc2015.txt
This document describes how Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) can be used to
provide privacy and authentication using the Multipurpose Internet
Mail Extensions (MIME) security content types described in RFC1847.
This is now a Proposed Standard Protocol.
This document specifies an Internet standards track protocol for the
Internet community, and requests discussion and suggestions for
improvements.  Please refer to the current edition of the "Internet
Official Protocol Standards" (STD 1) for the standardization state and
status of this protocol.  Distribution of this memo is unlimited.
This announcement is sent to the IETF list and the RFC-DIST list.
Requests to be added to or deleted from the IETF distribution list
should be sent to IETF-REQUEST  Requests to be
added to or deleted from the RFC-DIST distribution list should
be sent to RFC-DIST-REQUEST
Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
an EMAIL message to rfc-info with the message body help: ways_to_get_rfcs.  For example:
        To: rfc-info
        Subject: getting rfcs
        help: ways_to_get_rfcs
Requests for special distribution should be addressed to either the
author of the RFC in question, or to admin  Unless
specifically noted otherwise on the RFC itself, all RFCs are for
unlimited distribution.
Submissions for Requests for Comments should be sent to
RFC-EDITOR  Please consult RFC 1543, Instructions to RFC
Authors, for further information.
Joyce K. Reynolds and Mary Kennedy
USC/Information Sciences Institute
Below is the data which will enable a MIME compliant Mail Reader implementation to automatically retrieve the ASCII version
of the RFCs.

@_date: 1996-10-18 12:29:53
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: news item on Atlanta bank 
from:
  [
  news
  "CyberBank" Opens for Business
  [October 18] -- Atlanta Internet Bank reports its
  cyberdoors are open for business as the world's first
  Internet-only bank.
  Currently available to AT&T WorldNet Service
  subscribers, Atlanta Internet Bank's initial products
  include interest-bearing checking accounts, direct
  deposit, electronic bill payment, account transfer
  capability, and ATM cards.
  The bank has announced the launch of its "anytime-
  anywhere" service with special interest rates on
  money market accounts. For a limited time, Atlanta
  Internet Bank is offering 7% interest (annual
  percentage yield of 6.18%) on NetVantage money market
  accounts to WorldNet subscribers.
  "This is the beginning of a new era in financial
  services," said Atlanta Internet Bank President Don
  Shapleigh. "We're using bits and bytes instead of
  bricks and mortar and passing the savings on to our
  customers. This will allow us to maintain very
  competitive rates after the introductory
  rate offer expires."
  Future services planned by the new bank include loan
  products, brokerage services, IRA accounts, and
  credit and debit cards.
  "Atlanta Internet Bank has taken a giant step into
  the electronic commerce marketplace," said Jeffrey
  Feldman, AT&T's Advanced Network Solutions vice
  president. "AT&T's Advanced Network Solutions team
  firm believes that banks and other financial service
  providers will win customer loyalty by offering their
  own branded, electronic environments that deliver
  real value to end users--just as Atlanta Internet
  Bank has demonstrated."
  Atlanta Internet Bank's services are provided through
  Carolina First Bank, Greenville, S.C., a wholly owned
  subsidiary of Carolina First Corporation.with
  multiple providers to achieve our strategic goals."
to unsubscribe from cypherpunks, send to majordomo
                  unsubscribe cypherpunks
        in the message body, not the Subject: line

@_date: 1996-11-06 15:50:13
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: Information 
As far as anyone knows that has publicly commented on it, PGP is presumed to be secure against known attacks.  By making the source code available, and basing the encryption on published methods - RSA and IDEA, PGP has been reviewed extensively by the world's experts on crypto, and those experts that publish their results have said there is no known easy way to crack it.  There are, of course, many experts who do not publish their results - for instance, cryptographers who work for intelligence gathering agencies.  What they have found out about RSA and IDEA the rest of us don't know.  There are efforts underway to prove mathematically how hard it is to break the sort of encryption that PGP is based on.
One thing to remember with PGP is that you must very carefully choose your pass phrase and keep it a secret.  If your pass phrase is easy to guess, then PGP won't offer you any real security.  Choose a long one, that is not composed of words likely to be found in dictionaries or published books, and memorize it.
Go to the library and get this book:
 _PGP: Pretty Good Privacy_,
by Simson Garfinkel, O'Reilly and Associates, Publishers
ISBN 1-56592-098-8
If the library doesn't have it, ask the librarian to get for you by 'Inter-Library Loan'.  If you still can't get it, try the library at one of the branch campuses of Miami-Dade Community College (MDCC) or Florida International University (FIU) on Tamiami Trail.  They should be able to This is from the key server at MIT  and explains the process for dealing with PGP key servers if all you have is e-mail access:
PGP Public Email Keyservers
------- === -------- -------------------------------------------------
ADD                    Your PGP public key (key to add is body of msg)
INDEX                  List all PGP keys the server knows about (-kv)
VERBOSE INDEX          List all PGP keys, verbose format (-kvv)
GET                    Get the whole public key ring (split)
GET userid             Get just that one key
MGET regexp            Get all keys which match /regexp/
                       regexp must be at least two characters long
LAST days              Get the keys updated in the last `days' days

@_date: 1996-11-07 18:37:16
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Re: Information [for new PGP user] 
[snip] the point is that the source code is available and public.  I may not be able to find any errors or hiddens trapdoors in it, but I have greater trust in it because many other people can read it and make public comments about it.   the advantage of a published (public) work is that even those of us who are not experts can gain the advantage of having the work reviewed openly by anyone who is so inclined.
to unsubscribe from the cypherpunks mailing list, send to
     majordomo
a message that states:      unsubscribe cypherpunks
in the message body, not the subject line.  This is the preferred method. You may also try the Vulis method, but it irritates so many people.

@_date: 1996-11-16 13:39:06
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: Crypto Chango 
Steps to changing US encryption policies:
(Note, you must be logged in as US President for this to work.)
1.  Try to bug everyone's phone and computer with special chips.
2.  Get your butt kicked at and missed by technical weenies, and     eventually stomped on by your own national research council.
3.  Wait for Congress to show leadership.  (Lose two turns if you     actually thought they would do something.) (Return)
4.  Try to tap everything without using any special chips. (Goto 2)
5.  See if any other governments want you to be able to tap their
    stuff, too.
6.  Try to tap everything with half the key tied behind your back
    when you start.  (Goto 2)
7.  Issue the new policies.
Play Again [Y/N]?
Michael Foomkin and John Young have links to the edict.
You may try:
please excuse the handmade-from-memory URLs above if they don't work.
. . . a little snippet from the Internet Scout Report . . . New from Net Scout
1. The Scout Toolkit Version 2.0
The most trusted source for information on how to make the Internet work
better for you is now available in extra strength. Version 2.0 of the Scout
Toolkit debuts today, with a completely new interface, many new sections,
and a focus on the future. In addition to the current awareness you've come
to expect from Net Scout, we've added an increased emphasis on analysis and
insight. Sections include: Searching the Internet, Latest Tools and
Technologies, End User's Corner, Net Scout Sidekicks, a Selective Guide to
Publications on the Internet, and Future Internet Directions. The new
Toolkit is mirrored on three sites to allow Internauts unhindered access.
. . .
Copyright Susan Calcari, 1996.  Permission is granted to make and
distribute verbatim copies of the Scout Report provided the copyright
notice and this paragraph is preserved on all copies. The InterNIC
provides information about the Internet to the US research and education
community under a cooperative agreement with the National Science
Foundation: NCR-9218742. The Government has certain rights in this
Any opinions, findings, and conclusions or recommendations expressed in
this publication are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily
reflect the views of the University of Wisconsin - Madison, the National
Science Foundation, AT&T, or Network Solutions, Inc.
. . .

@_date: 1996-11-22 19:15:20
@_author: "P. J. Ponder" 
@_subject: FAQ on legalities SSLeay, &c. 
the recently posted FAQ on crytpo patent expiration dates etc. stated that
MD5 and SHA were not export-restricted anywhere.  The FIPS Pub for SHA
(which I think is numbered 180-1) specifically states that SHA is export
controlled (by ITAR).  I asked this list why it would be controlled, since
it was a signature function, and Perry Metzger replied that crypto hash functions make good starting points for building a block cipher program.  there is a section in Schneier's _Applied Crypto_ on this, too.
anybody heard from the old Perry-grammer on his list project?
I miss him.  He would be having a field day with all this noise.
surprised there hasn't been more chatter about the improved differential fault analysis (IDFA).  That is pretty powerful stuff.  They just don't make tamper-proof like they used to.  Forget chomping on the keyspace, read the modulus and divide by the public key.  I like the reference to the 'Mafia EFT/POS'.
ObSciFi:  Go back and read the Preface (by Bruce Sterling) to Gibson's _Burning Chrome_ collection.  He talks about the sorry state of SF in the 1980's and how Gibson, among others, was turning out something new. Hmph.
