
@_date: 1995-08-18 10:34:33
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: Distributed computing 
This may be more of a computer science question than a cryptography
one, but it seems relevant to the current discussion:
What is the current technology for running large compute-intensive
jobs accross a whole lotta computers?  Specifically, what's the best
way to run something like a big key-cracking job on a farm of
workstations?  Run separate jobs on each machine that check in to a
main server for new keys to crack?  Or is there a better way?
Also, on the note of producing a cheap parallel setup: a simple 90MHz
pentium motherboard is ~$150.  A cheap network card is under $50, and
I'll bet it's possible to build a custom power-supply that'll juice a
whole bunch of motherboards for under $200.  You don't need monitors
or keyboards for these machines -- just one of each to plug into the
various machines to troubleshoot. Thus, the incremental cost of adding
another pentium to a big cracking job is about $200 -- the startup
cost is the cost of the distributed power supply, monitor, keyboard,
etc. plus one server.  And it's even cheaper to build this sort of
setup if you go to someone who knows what s/he is doing, and can put a
whole lotta CPUs onto one motherboard...
The point is, that while one pentium can't do a whole lot, it's pretty
cheap to build a DIY pentium "farm."  And if a whole lot of people
have these farms, and are willing to run distributed cracking jobs on
them, computing power like that of the systems used in the RC40 crack
is very easy to come by.
Finally, there is a factor that hasn't been touched on much yet.
Credit cards are not the crux of the problem: in the years to come,
there will be more and more ways to manipulate money on the net.
Charles Schwab is already working on a way to trade stocks wholesale
over the net (or have they already started?), and I know of a couple
other companies that have plans in the works to do the same.  If it's
possible for a small group to break one of *these* keys in a
relatively short time (a month or two, I suppose), the money at stake
could be well worth the compute time involved.
- -sq

@_date: 1995-08-19 21:33:12
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: Re: Economic Model for Key Cracking 
> Alternatively, you could do a model where everybody gets paid,
    > but only after the answer is found, which discourages scammers
    > (since they don't get paid if they lie about searching the range
    > that has the real key.)  If a Bad Guy lies about the key not
    > being in his range, people do have an incentive to look for it
    > if the first pass fails, and have an incentive to finger him if
    > they do find the key on a later pass.  But the scammer who has done his or her math homework will recognize
that it's reasonably unlikely that his or her assigned range contains
the true key (depending, of course, on the size of the assigned
range...).  Thus, on the average, if everyone gets paid, a scammer
will make money by not actually searching the range assigned (perhaps
actually using the CPU time on a different key search).
I think it'd also be important to reward those who throw more compute
power at the task more than those who just sic a desktop on the job.
This is handled elegantly by the first method -- the person who
dedicates some giant supercomputer to the task is that much more
likely to find the key and be rewarded...

@_date: 1995-08-22 09:27:02
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: Re: DES & RC4-48 Challenges 
[stuff about running crypto screensavers]
It seems like there's got to be an easy way to divvy up keyspace on a
real time basis so that anyone with a few cycles to spare can
contribute them...
There could be a central server out there, which would keep track of
what keyspace needs to be swept, etc.
Then, clients (available as Mac, DOS, Windows*, UNIX,
etc. screensavers) could, whenever possible, connect to the server,
get a bit of keyspace, and start checking.
The client would tell the server how fast it is (chip and speed), and,
optionally, an estimation of how much time it will have free.  The
server finds some unchecked keyspace and allocates the range.  Then,
when the screensaver ends (when the user starts working again), it
would check in and tell the server how much of the space it checked.
The server could implement multiple passes of the keyspace to cope
with untrusted clients, etc.
Or something like that, anyhow.
The point is, the keyspace should be divided on a spare-cycle basis,
so that people who happen to have some extra, unused time on a
workstation can help without having to follow this list religiously,
and without having to commit to checking a certain amount of keyspace
This really is a nifty concept, and I think a *lot* of people would be
interested in running crypto-cracking screensavers.

@_date: 1995-08-23 21:48:42
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: Linux brutessl client 
I've been able to compile a working brutessl 1.02 cllient under linux
and gcc 2.7.0, but I get abysmal search speeds.
My system is a pentium 60, which, according to the docs, ought to have
a speed of something over 14100 kps (that's what a 486dx2/66 with no
rotate left macro gets).
brutessl -t reports that my system can do 11200 keys per second.
Is there any obvious reason this number is so much lower than
expected?  I'm reasonably certain gcc implemets a rotl macro, but I
don't know how to make use of it -- has anyone out there gotten
assembly.c to compile under gcc?
Finally, are there any additional optimizations for pentium machines

@_date: 1995-08-24 14:46:48
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: Re: SSL CHALLENGE: ALERT! probable misallocation of keys? 
> I've been looking at the allocated list of keys, and I notice a
    > possible problem: One user has allocated 50,000 segements:
    > 0c2b-cf7a NOACK 0c2b 50000 Joe Thomas     > Now, it's possible this fellow has some vast farm of high-speed
    > workstations, but I doubt it.  Finger suggests that this is a
    > linux box. [...]
Finger reports that it is indeed a linux (1.2.9) box with a low load
average (0.00, 0.00, 0.00 right now), but that Mr. Thomas is on from
nemesis refuses finger, telnet, and ftp connections, but, on WWW
connect, asks for a userid and password for the "Marcam Development
WWW site at nemesis.ogi.com."
Marcam ( makes something to do with computers,
so Mr. Thomas could well have a bunch of computers at his
disposal... (Even so, 50000 is a big number)
I can't actually figure out what, specifically, Marcam makes.  They
produce applications which reduce costs, increase flexibility, and the
whole shebang... but nowhere does it say what the programs *do*...
Smells like an NSA front.
-sq :)

@_date: 1995-08-24 14:51:20
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: Re: SSL CHALLENGE: ALERT! probable misallocation of keys? 
> Where can one observe the progress of the computations? What is
    > allocated etc?
try How often is this updated?  I've allocated (and ACKed) more keyspace
than it shows I have, and I wonder if my requests might have gotten
munged.  So far, the only thing it shows I've acked is the keyspace I
manually ACKed over the WWW interface (actually, I ACKed it a bunch of
times -- the forms weren't producing responses, so I resent them a
couple times..)

@_date: 1995-08-25 00:07:59
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: random coincidences 
What are some of the more common "coincidences" and non-random
correlations that ordinary random number generators (ones found in
common computer languages that don't take extensive measures to be
random) have?
It seems that there's a lot of fuss about getting very random numbers,
but unless the numbers produced by ordinary measures have very obvious
coincidences, maybe it's a big fuss about nothing...?
- -sq

@_date: 1995-08-26 23:21:23
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: Re: Florida Drivers Permits 
>> California has both the digitized picture and the mag stripe,
    >> and they even get a digital copy of your thumbprint.  Hello,
    >> Brave New World.
    > I wonder what, if anything, you could be charged with if that
    > magnetic strip "accidentally" came too close to a degausser?
Not much...(!)  People who don't have the strip at all aren't breaking
any laws, and they aren't required to get strips added.  It's just
that the DMV won't give out new cards that don't have the strip.
Presumably just like the post office and zip codes: you don't *need*
it, but it speeds things up if you've got it.
- -sq

@_date: 1995-08-30 22:23:09
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: yabc 
I'm writing a replacement for brloop/brclient in perl, one with full
SKSP compatibiliy, and one which is easily extensible and more
straightforward than the original br* code...
What would be some useful features to include in the code?  I'm
attempting to make it more friendly, more "intelligent", etc -- the
whole shebang.  It would be reasonably easy to, as someone here
suggested, have the program start the keyfetch process before the last
key segment finished, or whatever -- the question is, is that worth
it?  I'm also including code to make it possible for the user to
specify how much time she wants to give the search, etc...  It should
be possible to include code for a very simple sort of farming setup
(at least something to allow easy remote launches of the brute code)..
Would all this be useful to other people?  What features would make it
more so?
Also, it seems that there have been some "extensions" to the SKSP
protocol...  For instance, suddenly there are different machines
dedicated just to ACKs, etc.  Is there a central repository of these
changes?  (Have these changes even been publicly reviewed?)
(the program, in case you couldn't deduce it from the title of this
message is to be "yabc" - yet another brute* client.  oh how so clever
and original, no?)
- -sq

@_date: 1996-07-26 06:29:43
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: remailer network/winsock remailers 
I've been unsubscribed from the list for a while, and only recently rejopined, so this issue may well have been addressed in my absence.  If not, though, here:
It occurs to me that, with the invention of the winsock remailers, we have the potential to establish a very widespread and distributed network of part-time remailers.  Specifically, it seems like there are a lot of users who are only connected to the internet for short periods (PPP/SLIP) or who only have full control over their machines for short periods.  These computers could not normally be used to run remailers as mail would bounce when the computer/remailer software is down.
If there were some sort of central registry where winsock (or other non-permanent) remailers could announce their ability/inability to bounce mail, email could be forwarded through these temporary remailers on a dynamic basis.
I imagine the system would be something like this.  User X, a part-time cypherpunk, turns on his PPP connection to get his internet fix.  When he does, his remailer software connects to a central site and registers itself, the software (and capabilities of the software) it's using, and how many email messages (CPU time) X is willing to give up.  The registry sends back a confirmation message, and adds X's computer to its list.  Now, when user Y wants to use the remailer network, she sends a message through a series of remailers, one of which is the remailer network host computer.  When the message gets to the host computer, the host looks at its list and bounces the message randomly to one of the winsock remailers.  In this way, people who can't ordinarily run a remailer can still help out with the network, and the message becomes, ultimately, much more untraceable because (ideally) there are tons of temporary remailers that the message could have been sent to.  This could expand the network by a lot...
I imagine precautions would have to be taken to ensure that temp. remailers really are up and running (the host would have to ping remailer computers regularly to ensure that none went down without informing the host).  It would also be good if incoming messages to the host remailer could specify how many hops it should take, whether or not it should be subject to random delays / burst sends, and other options which haven't occurred to me yet.
This can't be a new idea, though.  If something like this already exists, please send me a pointer.  If not, I'd be willing to help develop a protocol for client / server interaction.

@_date: 1996-08-13 19:45:55
@_author: Sam Quigley 
@_subject: non-secure network utilities - pointers? 
What cypherpunk-approved (tm) -- that is, cryptographically strong, freely available, and well-implemented (reliable) -- network utilities are available?  I'm willing to agree to US-only license agreement iff I have I'm looking for secure telnet, ftp, talk, etc. that I can run over a potentially insecure network (and their respective daemons).
Is SSL the way to go?  (If so, what's the best implementation?)  What about other protocols?  Is there some comprehensive {web,ftp}site where I can find more information on this subject?
Please reply off-list to poodge
