
@_date: 1993-09-11 08:24:07
@_author: Da Mystic Homeboy 
@_subject: Re: Digital warfare 
According to L. Detweiler:
probably the fifties, are not at all done in "real money".  Its all existed
as checks, credits, assets, etc. on some bank note somewhere, and now as
ones and zeroes in the international info markets.  Cash has become a *big*
worry for governments nowadays because of the "shadow economy" thats developed
with cash.  Its completely untraceable, mostly unrecorded, and so the IRS (or
any other government agency for that matter) has NO way to know whats
Happening.  The U.S. gova'ment is losing billions of dollars because of these
transactions, and many people have seriously considered outlawing cash.  How is the government supposed to prove anything, except by becoming fascist
corporate fanatics (which is what is trying to happen right now).  Better
yet, if all our communications are in private, how are the information
companies going to get their money?  Whos going to have established credit-
the very basis of our modern kapitalism?  what the modern day fascists call the "drug war".  This was because
the world had not become superbly networked as it is, and so, any strange
transactions or series of transactions could go virtually unnoticed.
It was only in the eighties, with the microcomputer and increased
interconnectivity, was it possible to catch, for example, money laundering.
Yet, at the same time, for "criminals" it was pretty damn hard to
communicate.  So, what happens when you have all the freedom of privacy,
and all the power of communication?  The crash of the drug war and the
governments spellbinding and gestapo-like control of the public.
freedom, not the opposite.  Technology has always caused more opportunity
to think and to do, something that holders of power have never wanted you
to do.  Of course, it also depends on what you consider being virtue.
Being a discordian/anarchist, I consider the chaos and freedom the virtue.
the natural progression towards true anarchy.
is more often liberating than not.  Such the same with crypto.  The reason
crypto is getting so much hype is because its the safety protection for communication- the true weapon against the powermongrels.
