
@_date: 1995-12-03 04:26:29
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Re: prototype slot-machine 
Try this site: Offshore Infomation Services in Anguilla,
William Knowles
  Graphically Explicit                       Printing - Advertising - Graphic Design    1555 Sherman Avenue - Suite 203            Evanston IL., 60201-4421                   800.570.0471 - printing
  Accept, Embrace, Adapt, Create

@_date: 1996-01-23 00:11:48
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Re: Netscape + Verifone (Noise) 
Steve, Depending on the service offering the paging, You can get news headlines
and sport scores, ESPN I belive has play by play for real sporting
junkies. RadioMail has this service for no extra charge if you go that route.  William Knowles
President & Big Kahuna
Graphically Explicit
Graphically Explicit Advertising      PGP mail welcome & prefered / KeyID 1024/415D7FF9
PGP Fingerprint D3 34 A4 38 73 99 77 4A  98 BB A2 81 97 68 73 03

@_date: 1996-02-07 03:35:18
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: OCAF White Paper on porn on the net 
Hello all,
With the passing of the CDA recently, The first wounding of the rights
of free speech online, The Oklahomans for Children and Families are going in for the kill.  A WWW  site has been set up with a HTML version of what the autoresponder sends out.
This is a scary document, and was originally written as a prosecution primer
for law enforcement. -William Knowles
  Graphically Explicit                       Printing - Advertising - Graphic Design    1555 Sherman Avenue - Suite 203            Evanston IL., 60201-4421                   800.570.0471 - printing
  Accept, Embrace, Adapt, Create

@_date: 1996-02-11 06:37:41
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Re: The Agincourt Project 
Here is a thank you rant from the OCAF that I got in
my mail today.  William Knowles
Thank you for requesting our document "The Agincourt Project".
We hope you have had time to read and digest it.  And we very
much hope you will join us in our fight to end illegal pornography
and child pornography on the Internet.
-  If you are a concerned citizen, we hope you will follow the
   suggestions in our Action Plan.  We need your help to get
   our document in the hands of law enforcement officials
   across America.  This is a complicated issue, but we have
   found that once the police and prosecuting attorneys
   understand how an ISP operates, the criminal liability of
   the ISP becomes obvious.
-  If you are a law enforcement official or a prosecuting
   attorney responding to our notices of potential illegal
   activity in your jurisdiction, we are ready to answer
   any questions you or your staff may have.
-  If you are a representative of a media organization, we    stand ready to answer any questions you may have and to
   make ourselves available for interviews.
-  And, finally, if your are an Internet Service Provider
   who is concerned about our activities, your concern is    justified.  We hope that you have already made the    decision to remove illegal pornography and child
   pornography from your news server.  And we sincerely
   thank you if you have done so.  If you have not,    please understand that we are receiving help from
   concerned citizens across the United States.  Sooner
   or later, the police in your area will be contacted.
   Also understand that we do not intend to find one large
   ISP for a test case.  We are encouraging law enforcement
   in every city to use existing laws to put an end to    the illegal pornography and child pornography in    newsgroups. Again, thank you for your interest in our work.
--(End fwd)--

@_date: 1996-02-13 15:11:22
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: 24 hours of Democracy 
Found this in my mail this morning.
-William Knowles
  printing
It's your turn to speak:

@_date: 1996-02-16 01:04:34
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Re: Some thoughts on the Chinese Net 
I dunno on that one, Did you see the tape of the Chinese rocket with the U.S. telecommunications satellite exploding?
But they did censor that pretty quickly!
William Knowles
Graphically Explicit
  Graphically Explicit                       Printing - Advertising - Graphic Design    1555 Sherman Avenue - Suite 203            Evanston IL., 60201-4421                   800.570.0471 - printing
  Accept, Embrace, Adapt, Create

@_date: 1996-06-15 15:01:20
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Level30 Newsletter (fwd) 
Recently, you requested from our email autoresponder a copy of
The Agincourt Project.  You were not alone.  That document has
made its way around the world.  Law enforcement agencies, public
officials, prosecutors, ISP's and concerned citizens have all been
reading it.
And it has made a difference.  Illegal obscenity and child pornography
IS being removed from the Internet.
And now that the first round of the CDA legal battle is over, and
the focus in the battle against Internet pornography will change
back to the enforcement of local obscenity and child pornography laws.
But the issues are complex, and a single document is just not enough
to keep the public informed.  And so we have started Level30.
Since you had an interest in The Agincourt Project (whatever your
position on it), we thought you'd be interested in Level30.
To receive this biweekly (or more frequently) newsletter, simply send
an e-mail message
     To:  majordomo
     Subject:  (leave blank)
     Message:  subscribe level30
About the Purpose - To instruct families on how to safely use the
Internet, and to inform families, law enforcement, the media and
other interested Internet organizations about breaking news in the
fight to keep illegal pornography and child pornography OFF the Internet.
About the Title - This is the Offense Level mandated by the United States
Sentencing Commission for the trafficking of child pornography often
found on the Internet in Usenet newsgroups.  (Base offense level - 17;
if the material involves a prepubescent minor, increase by 2 levels; if
the offense involves distribution, increase by at least 5 levels; if the
offense involves material that portrays sadistic or masochistic conduct
or other depictions of violence, increase by 4 levels; and if a computer
was used to transport or ship the visual depiction, increase by 2 levels.)
(The Sentencing Table can be found at About the Author -  Paul D. Cardin, P.A
     Member of the Board of Directors of Oklahomans for Children And
         Families (OCAF)
     Author of The Agincourt Project - the electronic expose that explains
         how Internet Service Providers (ISPs) are responsible for the
         distribution of illegal pornography and child pornography
         throughout America.
     Architect of the most effective and successful campaign in the United
         States today to stop the electronic distribution of illegal
         pornography and child pornography.
     Former officer in the Oklahoma Civil Liberties Union
About the Regular Features -
     America's Most Wanted - A list of public corporations that are the
          enemies of America's children and families because of their
          continued electronic distribution of illegal pornography and
          child pornography.
     (Your State Here)'s Most Wanted - A state by state list of ISPs that
          are the enemies of children and families because of their
          continued electronic distribution of illegal pornography and
          child pornography.
     Commentary - Incisive and hard hitting analysis of the legal and
          constitutional issues facing the Internet today.
     Battle Reports - Updates from the front lines, from "war
          correspondents" across the country-
            The court battles over the Communications Decency Amendment.
            The status of OCAF against the Oklahoma ISPs.
            The status of Loving v. Boren - is it a ridiculous waste of
               taxpayers money or will it be the definitive Internet
               court ruling?
          The status of other important electronic obscenity court cases.
          The status of battles yet to be engaged.
     Special Reports -
          Testimonies from the victims of pornography.
          Profiles of the men and women  who are engaged in the battle to
               free our society from its plague.
          Interviews with law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and ISPs.
You should subscribe to Level 30 if:
     You are an INTERNET SERVICE PROVIDER who wants to stop violating
          federal and state obscenity and child pornography laws.
     You are a LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICER or PROSECUTOR who wants to learn
          how to stop ISPs from violating federal and state obscenity
          and child pornography laws
     You are a PUBLIC OFFICIAL who wants to learn how to keep illegal
          pornography and child pornography off of publicly owned and
          operated computer systems.
     You are a UNIVERSITY OFFICIAL or LIBRARY OFFICIAL who wants to learn
          how to keep illegal pornography and child pornography off of
          your university or library computer system.
     You are a SCHOOL OFFICIAL or TEACHER who wants to learn how to keep
          illegal pornography and child pornography off of your school's
          computer system.
     You belong to a CHILD ADVOCACY or WOMEN's RIGHTS group and you want
          to learn how to fight illegal pornography and child pornography
          on the Internet.
     You belong to a CHURCH or RELIGIOUS GROUP and you want to learn how
          to fight illegal pornography and child pornography on the
          Internet.
     You are a CORPORATE EXECUTIVE or PR OFFICER who wants to learn how
          to avoid extremely damaging publicity for your company.
     You are a REPORTER who wants to stay one step ahead of the above.
     Or, finally.......
     You are a PARENT or GRANDPARENT who wants to learn more about how to
          keep the Internet safe for your children and/or grandchildren.
 Thank you for your time.

@_date: 1996-06-15 13:26:53
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Mission Anonymous / U.S. News & World Report 
June 17, 1996 U.S. News & World Report Newswatch,  Page 76
Mission Anonymous
Very good write up on Community ConneXion's Anonymizer,
and on new features offered at the Center for Democracy and Technology.  William Knowles
Graphically Explicit
  Graphically Explicit                       Printing - Advertising - Interactive    1555 Sherman Avenue - Suite 203            Evanston IL., 60201-4421                   800.570.0471 - printing
  Accept, Embrace, Adapt, Create

@_date: 1996-08-20 10:11:56
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Re: Naked woman decapitates man on Internet!!! 
Dan's Gallery of the Grotesk
The series is 'Natural Born Losers' Where this biker chick and
her new boyfriend perform a sex act with the soon to be dead
ex-boyfriend, and then they both use a hacksaw to chop the poor
fellow into pieces.  The couple shot the film and dropped it
off to a 'friend' at a one-hour photo place and someone else
looked at the photos and called the police.  Don't eat *anything*
before viewing these pictures!
William Knowles
Graphically Explicit
Graphically Explicit Advertising       PGP mail welcome & prefered / KeyID 1024/415D7FF9
PGP Fingerprint D3 45 A4 38 73 99 77 4A   98 BB A2 81 97 68 73 03
Explicit isn't a dirty word, Or is it?

@_date: 1996-09-18 11:15:24
@_author: William Knowles 
@_subject: Re: Assassination Politics, was Kiddie porn on the Internet 
What about the French Foreign Legion? or the Volunteers for Israel,
which isn't really a fighting force, but Americans can help keep
the Israeli army at a ready state.
Depends on what you would qualify as being mercenary work, Would Americans
working on North Sea oil platforms getting paid $70,000+ a year tax free
be considered a mercenary? Or going down to the islands and opening a
data haven? Or maybe being the engineer for the Sultan of Brunei?
Marketing and advertising has always been mercenary work for as long
as I have been in it, Ask any number of freelancers who have been
slogging it out in the trenches.
William Knowles
Graphically Explicit Advertising
Hired Gun Since 1992!
Graphically Explicit Advertising       PGP mail welcome & prefered / KeyID 1024/415D7FF9
PGP Fingerprint D3 45 A4 38 73 99 77 4A   98 BB A2 81 97 68 73 03
Explicit isn't a dirty word, Or is it?
