
@_date: 1995-10-06 08:17:23
@_author: Steve  
@_subject: Graphic encryption 
I am currently working for a company that has a graphic encryption product called PrivaSoft. I was wondering if there were other products or engines that also provide graphic encryption. (graphic encryption is the use of a encryption algorythm to scramble an image taken of a document.) Also if any of ya'll are famillar with graphic encryption, I am looking for opinions as to its strengths / weaknesses.
Steve O.
Mgr. Tech. Services
PrivaSoft TM                                    *
1877 Springfield Ave PO BOX 600                 *
 Maplewood NJ 07040-0600                        *
Tel. 201-378-8865  Fax. 201-762-3742            *
Http://              *
E-mail: privsoft                  *

@_date: 1995-10-12 10:33:52
@_author: Steve Steve Orrin@ix.netcom.com, Mgr.Tech.Services@ix.netcom.com,       PrivaSoft@ix.netcom.com 
@_subject: responce to graphic encryption replies 
First, I would like to address the issue of David C.'s spam of the usenet. Mr. Clavedetcher does not work for nor does he represent us in any way. After receiving word from Cypherpunks that he had spamed the list I personally contacted him and informed him to cease and desist these actions or face legal action. We at PrivaSoft do not conduct nor condone such actions on the Net. During my conversation with him I discovered he was a zealous individual looking to make good on our rebate program, as per our Web page. If you should receive any further spams from him or any other over zealous netuser, Please contact me immediately. Also if you could inform me of other news groups/ lists he spammed so I may contact them as well regarding this. Thanx.
    Second I would like to begin addressing several of the issues raised by my inquiry of Graphic Encryption. Firstly Graphic Encryption is the scrambling of a graphic image using an encryption algorithm. In PrivaSoft's case the Image is that of your document, including all text and graphics contained therein. Syntel Sciences, the distributor of PrivaSoft, does not wish to publish its algorithm at this time, however if there is any question as to the strength of PrivaSoft and its Graphic Encryption engine, I would be happy to post a sample document for you to try and crack. Also, I have recently put together an info sheet on the Security provided by PrivaSoft which I can post if there is interest.     One of the key strengths, as I see it, of graphic encryption is that during decryption via hacking, there is an added time element when a human interface is required to verify the product, ( since it is a graphic picture being produced, regular checksums for intelligible words can't be used sans implementing OCR), even if this is only 10 milliseconds per try this is increases the time to crack exponentially beyond that of a data encrypted document of similar key length and algorithm strength.     Once again I would like to apologize on behalf of Syntel Sciences - PrivaSoft for the nuisance caused by the spam done by David C. and I wish to reiterate that such actions are not condoned by us and will not be tolerated.
Steve Orrin
Mgr. Tech. Services,  PrivaSoft
PrivaSoft TM                                    *
Distributed by Syntel Sciences, Inc. USA        *
1877 Springfield Ave PO BOX 600                 *
 Maplewood NJ 07040-0600                        *
Tel. 201-378-8865  Fax. 201-762-3742            *
Http://              *
E-mail: privsoft                  *

@_date: 1995-10-19 12:54:35
@_author: Steve  
@_subject: Re: responce to graphic encryption replies 
find attached the document on PrivaSoft in txt format. Once again if you have any comments please call or E-mail me.
Steve Orrin
Mgr. Tech Services
PrivaSoft TM                                    *
1877 Springfield Ave PO BOX 600                 *
Maplewood NJ 07040-0600                        *
Tel. 201-378-8865  Fax. 201-762-3742            *
Http://              *
E-mail: privsoft                  *
How Secure Can PrivaSoft Be?
PrivaSoft is a communication security product, and the user is entitled to know how secure it is.  This document addresses the question of cryptographic strength of PrivaSoft.
Export license regulations
In some advanced countries, cryptographic products are categorized as "munitions" and their use, sale or exportation is controlled by local licensing regulations.  PrivaSoft has obtained an export license from the governments of Israel and the USA.  Licen
ses in other countries are obtained in coordination with the local distributors.  The typical policy is to limit the allowable cryptographic strength of commercial products to a level that is strong enough for commercial purposes.  The basic intention of this regulation is to protect the state from abuse of too strong cryptographic products by terrorists and criminals.  Some countries do not practice such law because it is viewed as a denial of freedom of expression.  PrivaSoft willfully complies with the
se regulations as it is a commercial product, and it is not intended for national security applications with its current key length which is the maximum legally allowable for commercial users.
The cryptographic engine of PrivaSoft
PrivaSoft uses a pseudo-random generator that is seeded by a 9 digit number uniformly normalized from the user's secret key.  The engine is proprietary, designed according to the rules of modern cryptology to make the best use of the allowable key length.
  Like other dependable cryptographic engines, the structure of the encryption software can be disclosed without compromising the security of the user.  However, the coding and specific parameters of the mechanism are considered a trade secret and will be
 disclosed for the purpose of cryptoanalytic validation when necessary and under an appropriate non-disclosure non-competition agreement.
The use of default keys
When secret keys or passwords are used by laymen, there is always a conflict between security and convenience:  The user tends to use fixed, easily memorized keys again and again, while the cryptoanalyst only waits for an opportunity to see many messages encrypted by the same key.  PrivaSoft, being a secure commercial product must live in peace with both - allow the user to use a repetitive, default key, and deny the cryptoanalyst the pleasure of having many messages encrypted by one key.  This is done by
 using the pseudo-random "key extension" feature which is described in the PrivaSoft user's guide.
The information contents a clear message
If a cryptographic product is properly designed, then the almost only way to crack it is to try all possible keys.  If the process is done by a computer, the "cracking"" software must be taught to tell the correct key from the wrong keys.  This can only b
e done if there are some properties of the decrypted message that are known a - priori.  With the PrivaSoft analogue graphical encryption, and with the naturally noisy fax images, a significant portion of the page must be reconstructed, and a significant amount of mathematical correlation must be calculated between neighboring areas of the image, before the cracking software can tell whether the candidate key is wrong.  This makes the cracking process much slower than in alphanumeric encryption of the tex
t in a natural language.  The 9 digit key, when applied to analogue, the graphical encryption is equivalent to a much longer key applied to alphanumeric encryption.  The cryptographically oriented user can make it very much harder by some smart pre-proces
sing of the image prior to its encryption.  A simple example:  For a short message, increasing the font size of the text by a factor of 10 will significantly increase the time required for breaking the encryption.
Customized versions of PrivaSoft
PrivaSoft is unique in being a one-stop product than can serve all types of modern correspondence, including E-mail, fax and paper printouts.  Special applications that need and can obtain a license to use non-commercial cryptographic engines can be accom
modated by special versions of PrivaSoft.  The cryptographic engine can be customer-furnished and customer integrated, however - since in some areas the integration of this product with certain cryptographic engines may be considered "munitions", each cus
tomized version of the product has to be licensed separately in accordance with the laws of the territory where it was created and used.

@_date: 1995-10-24 07:25:39
@_author: Steve  
@_subject: Re: Re: Reformated: How secure.... 
Firstly, I would like to thank Cypherpunks members for helping me evaluate and critique my document on PrivaSoft's security. I would like to address several of the issues raised on list list.     1. Alot of question would be answered if you had a copy of PrivaSoft to look at or at least a scrambled page to examine. Both of these are available at our WEB site ( this is not an advertising plug, it really helps to see the thing in action to better understand its capabilities.     2. Re: the 9 digit key.
        Partially why you misunderstand the strength of the 9 digit key in PrivaSoft is b/c Graphical Encryption is very different form data encryption. Graphic encryption takes an image of your document and scrambles the tiles accross the page in a pseudo-random order based both on the encryption algorithm and the key used, Each key produces a completely different scramble. Further, descrambling entails moving  tiles and recognition of readable text. An edge detection machine would not be helpful with PrivaSoft, as far as I know, OCR or human interface, or the PrivaSoft descrambler( with the correct key) are the only methods that can be employed. And all three of these take considerable time. Time is a key factor here (no pun intended). the strength of an encryption relies heavily on the time it takes to bruteforce check different keys. as such, even the addition of 10 miliseconds to the process is a significant increase in security when taken on the large scale of how many keys need to be checked.     3. The key extension is useful when documents are scrambled using the same default key. This feature adds 2 digits to your key, thus, even the same exact document scrambled with the same key but a different key extension would produce a radically diofferent scramble.     4. With regard to the increased font size, this is not necessary but is helpful in that the tiles themselves would contain less recognisable features of letters.     5. As a fax security product, their is nothing comparable to PrivaSoft in ease of use, strength, verstility. I'm sure you have all recieved faxes that have come in skewed, with heavy line noise, a black line running accros the page, or any other combanaiton of fax problems. These do not effect PrivaSoft's capability to descramble the fax, PrivaSoft has several patented features that produce readable text even after moderate damage to the page. Also, if you haven't figured this out yet, PrivaSoft is the only encryption software that provides Hardcopy encryption and decryption, ie. you can print out a hardcopy of the scrambled image, and fax it, store it, even snail mail it and then on the recieving end, fax or scan it back into the pc and decrypt.     6. re: custimization:
        This refers to our capability, for corperate clients and the like, to produce batch operation or need specific features. Also we can increase the digits of the key if the client requires such, as in gov't agencies etc, however this is not necesary for day to day use as PrivaSoft is strong enough for most transmissions over the Net and via fax regardless of the prevalent comments by many members of this group. I do not take offence at the many slurs on our product. I fully believe that if any of those who believe that PrivaSoft is a fly-by-night or bogus product have not looked at or tried the software and therfore speak from less than a knowledgable position. Please do not take this the wrong way, I do not mean to insult anyones inteligence or ability, I just mean to say that many here are quick to judge, and they have a right to be suspicious of everything and everyone, that is the nature of security, but I do challenge the naysayers to truly check out the software before completely condeming its use and capabilities. I have personnally demonstrated are software to several key individuals in the gov't, military, and corperate arenas both executive and technical persons. All were impressed have taken the software back for further testing. I have recieved positive responces from them and many have recomended / are presently using PrivaSoft.
    Once again, thank you for your help in editing and restructurin g the How secure document and i will post an updated version when it is ready. Also, if anyone would like a scrambled page E-mailed to them to look at / try to crack please E-mail me as such, I do not wish to post one only b/c many of you might not want to recieve it. If you have further questions or comments, I do appreciate and encourage them, please feel free to E-mail me at privsoft or post them Steve O.
PrivaSoft TM                                    *
1877 Springfield Ave PO BOX 600                 *
Maplewood NJ 07040-0600                        *
Tel. 201-378-8865  Fax. 201-762-3742            *
Http://              *
E-mail: privsoft                  *

@_date: 1995-10-24 07:53:55
@_author: Steve  
@_subject: encryption products 
I am presently evaluating / testing / researching three encryption products and I was wondering if any of ya'll are familliar with them. 1. TECSEC'c VEIL product ( so far only available through mailorder)
2. K. Briggs's Puffer, ( available for demo download off the web)
3. P. Glen's THE CRYPT , ( also available off the web)
I am looking for comments about their respective crypto strengths, verstility, and capability. Thanks in advance for any assistance.
Steve O
PrivaSoft TM                                    *
1877 Springfield Ave PO BOX 600                 *
 Maplewood NJ 07040-0600                        *
Tel. 201-378-8865  Fax. 201-762-3742            *
Http://              *
E-mail: privsoft                  *

@_date: 1996-02-14 11:16:28
@_author: Steve  
@_subject: DSN Tech. 
Is anyone famillar with the balck-box by Dr. Aaron Freidman of DSN Technologies? I am trying to get info on it and other products from DSN Tech. "The CDA Sucks!"

@_date: 1996-06-14 05:23:08
@_author: Steve O 
@_subject: Tripwire and SATAN for Linux 
Hey guys,
        Can any one point to where i can get Tripwire and SATAN for Linux?
a friend is in dire need. thanks...
Steve O
 Steve O.
"True Utopia can only be reached by an uncensored and secure Internet,
"Bang your head, Metal Health will drive you mad!"
Quiet Riot
"Welcome my friend, Welcome to The Machine"
Pink Floyd
"Lonelyness and Emptiness;
 Love and Fulfillment;
 Are all but flashes  in the eye of the storm
 of our tormented soul."

@_date: 1996-06-29 09:02:40
@_author: Steve O 
@_subject: Crack for DOS 
1. A colleague of mine was interseted in in demonstrating the unix password
cracking program Crack on a windoze system. Where can one be found if one
2. If you were looking to compare single key block ciphers like Blowfish,
DES, 3xDES etc. Which one would be considered the best for implementation in
a software security package, assuming maximal key lengths irreverant of the
governmental restrictions.
3. Does anyone have info re: S/MIME implementation time table into the
Netscape browser?
 Steve O.
"True Utopia can only be reached by an uncensored and secure Internet,
"Bang your head, Metal Health will drive you mad!"
Quiet Riot
"Welcome my friend, Welcome to The Machine"
Pink Floyd
"Lonelyness and Emptiness;
 Love and Fulfillment;
 Are all but flashes  in the eye of the storm
 of our tormented soul."

@_date: 1996-08-28 04:22:40
@_author: Steve O 
@_subject: FYI: GOP's Stolen Laptop... 
Front page of the New Jersey Star Ladger:
"GOP's Stolen Laptop had credit card Details"
NJ Republicans' convention info and card card numbers and info was on the
laptop insecurely, a letter went oput to the NJ Republican committee
informing them of the 'inconveince'. Several key Rebulican Reps' cards were
among those stolen including: Dick ZImmer and Christopher Smith as well as
the State Committee's credit card. etc...
"True Utopia can only be reached by an uncensored and secure Internet,
"Bang your head, Metal Health will drive you mad!"
Quiet Riot
"Welcome my friend, Welcome to The Machine"
Pink Floyd
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:06:18
@_author: Steve O 
@_subject: Test files for encryption 
Can someone point me to any standard files that are used when testing
encryption strength. Iie i'm looking for a gourp of files that may have been
used by an agency or Internet group in the past that when encrypted were
tested for byte frequency etc. as well as cryptoanalytic atacks. thanks in

@_date: 1997-01-24 10:19:42
@_author: Steven M Orrin 
@_subject: 2 Questions 
Hey guys,
2 quick questions:
Are there any known hacks or weaknesses in S/Key?
Has Anyone heard of a new product called SecureWin from Cipher Logics Corp. It looks like vaporware but is a little more sophisticated than the usual product spams (like IPG, POTP, Encrypt-it, WinKrypt etc.)
[I checked there web page some interesting fuctions, , No software available yet and Phone numbers are either busy or not in service, go thanks

@_date: 1997-01-24 08:18:44
@_author: Steven M Orrin 
@_subject: 2 Questions 
Hey guys,
2 quick questions:
Are there any known hacks or weaknesses in S/Key?
Has Anyone heard of a new product called SecureWin from Cipher Logics Corp. It looks like vaporware but is a little more sophisticated than the usual product spams (like IPG, POTP, Encrypt-it, WinKrypt etc.)
[I checked there web page some interesting fuctions, , No software available yet and Phone numbers are either busy or not in service, go thanks

@_date: 1997-02-20 17:27:11
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: The List 
Hey all,
As a somewhat quiet observer and student of the Cypherpunk list over the
last two years, I have been able to keep in touch with an unimaginable
amount of issues, info, concerns, and news; and the knowledge I have
gained from this list is more than I can say in words. I have sifted
through the noise and can say the info gleaned was indeed worth the
effort. I am sorry to see the list in its present state, ready to move
on to better? things. I hope I speak for many of you, like me who
listened learned asked and was answered, that the Cypherpunk list must
continue and that each of us, active and passive member has a
responsibility to ourselves and each other to continue bring the issues
to light , fighting the good fight against the gov't's lousy
regulations, and bringing encryption to the masses. I have been working
with a security software development company for 2 and half years and
have been working on this goal: bringing encryption to the masses. The
information both directly (actual posts relating to Crypto) and
indirectly (Rants and flames on Snakeoil products) gained has helped
guide me and my colleagues closer and closer to our goal. For that and
more I thank all of you. We are very close to releasing a beta version
of our product to the Internet community to use and abuse. We have
worked closely with Bruce Schnieir and Counterpane to insure good
implementation of our security measures. I hope our product meets with
your standards and approval but more importantly I hope that you (the
collective you) can be instrumental in helping us to accomplish our
goal. I will post to this list (assuming it is still amongst the living)
very shortly a more detailed description of the product and where a beta
can be gotten. I am sorry for "whetting the appetites" but I figured
since I was E-mailing a post relating to the state of list, I include a
bit about how the list has positively effected me and has contributed to
Steveo (privsoft
--Privacy Software Division--
Syntel Technologies, Inc.

@_date: 1997-02-20 15:49:51
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: The List 
Hey all,
As a somewhat quiet observer and student of the Cypherpunk list over the
last two years, I have been able to keep in touch with an unimaginable
amount of issues, info, concerns, and news; and the knowledge I have
gained from this list is more than I can say in words. I have sifted
through the noise and can say the info gleaned was indeed worth the
effort. I am sorry to see the list in its present state, ready to move
on to better? things. I hope I speak for many of you, like me who
listened learned asked and was answered, that the Cypherpunk list must
continue and that each of us, active and passive member has a
responsibility to ourselves and each other to continue bring the issues
to light , fighting the good fight against the gov't's lousy
regulations, and bringing encryption to the masses. I have been working
with a security software development company for 2 and half years and
have been working on this goal: bringing encryption to the masses. The
information both directly (actual posts relating to Crypto) and
indirectly (Rants and flames on Snakeoil products) gained has helped
guide me and my colleagues closer and closer to our goal. For that and
more I thank all of you. We are very close to releasing a beta version
of our product to the Internet community to use and abuse. We have
worked closely with Bruce Schnieir and Counterpane to insure good
implementation of our security measures. I hope our product meets with
your standards and approval but more importantly I hope that you (the
collective you) can be instrumental in helping us to accomplish our
goal. I will post to this list (assuming it is still amongst the living)
very shortly a more detailed description of the product and where a beta
can be gotten. I am sorry for "whetting the appetites" but I figured
since I was E-mailing a post relating to the state of list, I include a
bit about how the list has positively effected me and has contributed to
Steveo (privsoft
--Privacy Software Division--
Syntel Technologies, Inc.

@_date: 1997-04-04 13:23:22
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: US Domestic GAK 
Has Anyone heard about this?????
Clinton administration has new encryption proposal
      Network World via Individual Inc. : Washington, D.C.
      For months the Clinton administration has lobbied for its version
      of key escrow that largely focused on encryption export.
      Now in its first formal legislative document, the White House is
      asking that its policy also apply to data encrypted within U.S.
      borders and that law enforcement be given access to that data
      based on a simple request from a law enforcement or government
      security agency.
      The U.S. Attorney General will set up the specific rules for
      authorization. Civil liberties groups highly critical of the White
      House plan pointed out that under the basic guidelines it will be
      easier for law enforcement to get encryption keys than to tap
      phones, which requires a warrant or court order.
      The administration does not just face domestic opposition to its
      proposed policy. The international community, represented by the
      29-nation Organization for Economic Cooperation and
      Development (OECD), also has not rallied behind the Clinton
      cause.
      After a year of study and intense lobbying by the U.S. Justice
      Department, the OECD, based in Brussels, Belgium, last week
      released the ``Cryptography Policy Guidelines,'' an eight-point
      document that recognizes nations may want to have access to
      cryptographic keys or un-scrambled plaintext. But the OECD
      guidelines fall far short of recommending key recovery as the
      preferred international approach.
      Some participants in the OECD crypto-policy effort were pleased
      with its outcome, including Marc Rotenberg, director of the
      Electronic Privacy Information Center here.
      ``There's a strong emphasis here on privacy and voluntary market
      guidelines,'' Rotenberg said. The OECD guidelines state that users
      should have a choice in cryptography, that cryptography should
      be driven by business requirements, and that the privacy of
      personal data and the secrecy of communications should be
      respected.
      Congressional cold shoulder So far, no legislators on Capitol Hill
      have embraced the ideas in the administration-drafted legislation,
      the Electronic Data Security Act of 1997, which also calls for
      nationally certified key-recovery centers for storing copies of
      encryption keys.
      ``From our point of view, it's a breathtaking expansion of law
      enforcement's surveillance au-thority,'' said Alan Davidson, staff
      counsel at the Washington, D.C.-based Center for Democracy and
      Technology (CDT) about the draft bill. The CDT has posted the
      bill on its Web site,       Commerce Department Un-der Secretary William Reinsch, whose
      office took the lead in drafting the bill, last week had no
      The draft bill emphasizes that the key-recovery regulation is
      voluntary in the U.S., but opponents argue otherwise.
      The White House draft defines as the federal standard only digital
      certificates that work with key-recovery encryption products.
      And under the drafted bill, employees working in a
      government-certified key-recovery center would be spared any
      civil or criminal liabilities for disclosing decrypted information
 a
      government agency.
      Through the economic in-centives and regulatory impact of the
      Clinton administration bill, ``they plan to severely limit [the
      products] you can choose from,'' according to Jim Bidzos,
      president of RSA Data Security, Inc., whose public-key
      technology is widely deployed in encryption products. ``The
      intent is to discourage the use of strong, unescrowed encryption
      in the U. S.''
      [Copyright 1997, Network World]

@_date: 1997-05-02 07:04:46
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: Re: Layoffs at PGP 
If any of the person's laid off by PGP are looking for job's in the New
York Metro Area, let me know, I know of some opportunities at a security
related company based out of NJ. Also does anyone how many were laid

@_date: 1997-05-15 06:04:04
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: Problems at PGP? 
Hot Off The Press
Pretty Good Privacy CEO
                quits                 By Dawn Yoshitake
                May 14, 1997, 11:30 a.m. PT                 Security software firm Pretty Good Privacy
                announced today that its chief executive and
                president has resigned as the company mature from
                its start-up status.
                Thomas Steding, CEO, president, and a PGP
                founder, will now become a company adviser. The
                CEO position will be phased out, the company
                said.
                "This was a decision by the board and the executive
                staff. It seemed the right time," spokesman Mike
                Nelson said. "We're moving out of a start-up mode
                and into pursuit of the corporate marketplace. This
                was a minor adjustment to the staff."
                Nelson added that Steding will continue to advise
                the company on team-building and moving its
                operations quickly.
                Phillip Dunkelberger, former vice president of sales,
                will now become president and be responsible for
                the company's daily operations. Dunkelberger will
                also become a board member.
                Jonathan Seybold, a PGP founder, has been named
                chairman of the company.
                Nelson said the company is on target with its
                product development and sales and profitability
                targets, and will review where it stands financially
                and with its product lineup before setting a future
                course for an initial public offering.
                PGP, which has been in operation for a year, is
                scheduled to begin open beta testing for its Personal
                Privacy version 5.0 tomorrow. The commercial
                version is slated to be released later this month.
                Meanwhile, the crypto company has initiated a few
                acquisitions. One of its most recent was the March
                buyout of Zoomit, a directory technology that
                combines private intranets, pubic extranets, and the
                Internet.

@_date: 1997-05-29 12:18:24
@_author: Steve 
@_subject: Re: US grants export license for PGP 
Does this mean PGP now, or soon will, supports GAK/Key Recovery?
Or is their something the article isn't saying?

@_date: 1998-06-22 16:19:07
@_author: "Steve Orrin" 
@_subject: Verisign & NAI Join Forces, PGP out the door? 
To all:
Word is the PGP is being dropped as a standard and NAI converting over to
x.509 throughout product line. However the info is vague wnough to mean
alot of things:)
NETWORK ASSOCIATES AND VERISIGN PARTNER TO PROVIDE INTEROPERABLE
6/22/98 13:18
         Digital Certificate Solutions to Millions of Users Worldwide
    Partnership Provides Customers Choice of Leading Certificate Formats,
          Enabling Widespread Secure Internet Business Transactions
    MOUNTAIN VIEW and SANTA CLARA, Calif., June 22 /PRNewswire/ --
Inc. (Nasdaq: VRSN), and Network Associates (Nasdaq: NETA), today announced
broad reaching partnership to enable cross product support and promotion of
each company's digital certificate-based security solutions.  This
will provide customers with a flexible security solution that encompasses
best-of-breed products and technologies -- enabling secure global
commerce and business-to-business communications on a larger scale than
before.  With this announcement, Network Associates and VeriSign can tap
the world's largest community of certificate holders made up of over one
thousand five hundred enterprises and nearly nine million individuals
throughout the world.
    This integration of the world's leading certificate technologies will
enable businesses to utilize their choice of certificate formats while
conducting secure Internet transactions such as:  exchanging secure e-mail,
establishing virtual private networks, and authorized access to
corporate data.  Network Associates and VeriSign customers will now be able
establish combined PKI solutions covering the complete lifecycle of
certificates from issuance and usage through renewal, expiration, or
revocation.  The first commercial offering from this collaboration will be
interoperable between the Gauntlet GVPN product and VeriSign OnSite for
which will be available in the third quarter.  In the fourth quarter
VeriSign's OnSite service and toolkit will be enhanced to issue DSA X.509
certificates in addition to its RSA X.509 certificates, and Network
Associates' Net Tools Secure, including their industry leading PGP
products, will be updated to request and use either type of certificate.
    "By joining the two largest players in the industry to ensure that our
customers' security applications are seamlessly compatible, we are fueling
growth of electronic commerce and secure communications on the Internet,"
Peter Watkins general manager of the Net Tools Secure division at Network
Associates.  "We are pleased to offer VeriSign as our preferred provider of
digital certificate services.  Together, we are the only two companies to
support the full range of certificate standards -- giving customers the
of choice when implementing their open, certificate-based security
    "We are extremely pleased to work with Network Associates to bring
enterprise customers a clear best-of-breed solution," said Stratton
president and CEO of VeriSign.  "With this partnership, users of Network
Associates' desktop and server encryption applications can simply obtain
choice of digital certificates to establish a fully functional,
PKI through the use of OnSite."
    "The announcement from VeriSign and Network Associates is a win-win
situation for Information Systems (IS) decision makers," said Jim Hurley,
director of information security at Aberdeen Group, a Boston-based IS
market-research, consulting and analysis firm.  "One supplier helps IS
managers by managing risk while the other helps IS managers by enabling
interconnections with suppliers, partners and customers for mission
business-procedures.  Interoperable and seamless support between these
supplier's products is the kind of partnership that IS executives will
    VeriSign OnSite, a state of the art digital certificate solution that
enables organizations to quickly and easily establish themselves as a
certificate authority, is available today for client and server digital
certificates and will be available for IPSec digital certificates in the
quarter.  VeriSign OnSite pricing begins at $4995 for 1000 client
    Network Associates' Net Tools Secure suite is the industry's most
comprehensive set of security products encompassing enterprise encryption,
authentication, intrusion detection, audit analysis, anti-virus, firewall,
global virtual private network and network vulnerability assessment.  Net
Tools Secure is available now and is priced at $49 per user for 5000 users.
    Network Associates, Inc.
    With headquarters in Santa Clara, California, Network Associates, Inc.,
formed by the merger of McAfee Associates and Network General, is a leading
supplier of enterprise network security and management solutions. Network
Associates' Net Tools Secure and Net Tools Manager offer
best-of-breed, suite-based network security and management solutions.  Net
Tools Secure and Net Tools Manager suites combine to create Net Tools,
centralizes these point solutions within an easy-to-use, integrated systems
management environment. For more information, Network Associates can be
reached at 408-988-3832 or on the Internet at     VeriSign, Inc. is the leading provider of digital certificate solutions
used by enterprises, Web sites and consumers to conduct secure
and transactions over the Internet and private networks. VeriSign's Digital
IDs and Secure Server IDs are available through the company's Web site at
  VeriSign's E-Commerce Solutions are used by
enterprises to deploy complete Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) solutions
intranets, extranets, and large-scale electronic commerce applications, and
are available through VeriSign regional account representatives or through
VeriSign resellers.  For more information visit VeriSign's Web site at
SOURCE  Network Associates, Inc.
    -0-                             06/22/98
    /CONTACT:  Nathan Tyler of Copithorne & Bellows, 415-975-2223, for
Associates; or Kelly Ryan of VeriSign, 650-429-3424/
    /Company News On-Call:   or fax, 800-758-5804,
ext. 124004/
    /Web site:                      (NETA VRSN)
CO:  Network Associates, Inc.; VeriSign, Inc.
ST:  California
IN:  CPR MLM
SU:  PDT
-0- (PRN) Jun/22/98   13:03
EOS   (PRN)    Jun/22/98    13:03      86
-0- (PRN) Jun/22/  98   13:18

@_date: 1998-06-26 07:27:48
@_author: "Steve Orrin" 
@_subject: RSA and Others work on SSL Fix 
RSA DATA SECURITY WORKS WITH INTERNET SOFTWARE VENDORS TO RESPON
6/26/98 7:19
 to Potential
                 Security Attack on Secure Web Communications
    SAN MATEO, Calif., June 26 /PRNewswire/ -- RSA Data Security, Inc.
announced it is working with a group of leading Internet software vendors
pre-emptive countermeasures to thwart a newly-discovered potential attack
against secure Web communications.  This vulnerability is currently the
subject of research and has not been reported by any users.
    These countermeasures enhance the security of popular Internet server
software products based on the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.  The
countermeasures are, or will be, available from respective vendors' Web
and include configuration guidelines, software updates where applicable and
additional information.  Currently available vendor information may be
at the following sites:
    * C2Net Software, Inc.
        * Consensus Development Corporation
        * IBM Corporation
        * Lotus Development Corporation
        * Microsoft Corporation
        * Netscape Communications Corporation
        * Open Market, Inc.
        * RSA Data Security, Inc.
        RSA will also maintain an updated list of all vendors' countermeasure
links at its site. In addition, RSA has been working closely with the CERT
Coordination Center on this problem. CERT has made a technical advisory on
this vulnerability available at     These countermeasures address a potential vulnerability discovered by
cryptographer Daniel Bleichenbacher of the Secure Systems Research
of Bell Labs, the research and development arm of Lucent Technologies.
Bleichenbacher identified a cryptanalytic vulnerability that could
be used to discover the key for a particular encrypted session through a
process of repeatedly sending on the order of one million carefully
constructed messages to a target server and observing the server's
Due to the large number of messages needed, the potential attack is
by network administrators.  Additional information is available on the Bell
Labs Web site at     The vulnerability affects interactive key establishment protocols that
the Public Key Cryptography Standard (PKCS)  including SSL.  The PKCS
series of standards are defined by RSA Laboratories, reviewed by industry
have been adopted by many major vendors of information systems and
incorporated in national and international standards.  The vulnerability
not apply to PKCS  secure messaging protocols, such as Secure
Electronic Transactions (SET) and Secure Multipurpose Internet Mail
(S/MIME) because they are not susceptible to, or already implement
preventing this potential vulnerability.
    A technical overview of the attack and recommended countermeasures for
installed SSL-based server software are available now on the RSA Labs Web
at     Software developers interested in testing their products for this
potential vulnerability should visit RSA's site at  where
they can find diagnostic instructions and prescriptive information for
updating their applications.   In  July, RSA plans to provide developers
the company's BSAFE security suite with free software enhancements designed
eliminate this threat.
    RSA Laboratories plans to release for comment a draft PKCS  v2 in
following a revision process that began early in the year.
    RSA Data Security, Inc.
    RSA Data Security, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Security Dynamics
Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq: SDTI), is a leading supplier of software
components that secure electronic data, with more than 300 million copies
RSA encryption and authentication technologies installed worldwide.  RSA
technologies are part of existing and proposed standards for the Internet
World Wide Web, ISO, ITU-T, ANSI, IEEE, and business, financial and
commerce networks around the globe.  RSA develops and markets platform-
independent security components and related developer kits and provides
comprehensive cryptographic consulting services.  RSA can be reached at
    All products and companies mentioned herein may be trademarks or
registered trademarks of their respective holdings and are hereby
SOURCE  RSA Data Security, Inc.
    -0-                             06/26/98
    /CONTACT:  Patrick Corman, Corman Communications, 650-326-9648,
    /Web site:      (SDTI)
CO:  RSA Data Security, Inc.
ST:  California
IN:  CPR
-0- (PRN) Jun/26/98   07:03
EOS   (PRN)    Jun/26/98    07:04      86
-0- (PRN) Jun/26/  98    7:19

@_date: 1998-12-10 16:22:25
@_author: Steve Orrin 
@_subject: Re: Global Strike to protest Wassenaar 
Content-Length: 3899
Lines: 99
I believe that a mass strike only hurts our employers, not the gov'ts
that are afflicting us with crap like Wassenaar. I propose that we
designate Monday "International Export Crypto Day". We should pick a
gov't agency or member (in a gov't other than our own) and email crypto to him/her. Mass effort will demonstrate the absolute idiocy of
regulations like Wassenaar. maybe even a mass chain letter with RSA in 3
lines of perl emailed all over the world and forward via typical chain
letter mechanisms.
