
@_date: 1997-11-12 10:15:18
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Free XXX Shows for your site. 
Hi there,
        I am writing from Python Communications Inc., home of AMSTERDAM
LIVE and GAY AMSTERDAM - the 2 HOTTEST XXX SHOWS on the Internet. We are
currently seeking out potential new clients to host our ALL LIVE, ALL
THE TIME, fully INTERACTIVE live hardcore sex shows from Amsterdam. We
would like to count you among our team and help you gain fantastic CASH
REWARDS at NO COST to you.
        Python Communications Inc. are wholesalers for the highly
successful Amsterdam Live and Gay Amsterdam shows. We offer you the
opportunity to obtain cash commissions from all ShowTime sold from your
site.         There is NO CHARGE for hosting our shows on your sites. We are
plainly offering you the opportunity to be a part of the FASTEST
GROWING, MOST LUCRATIVE service on the Internet. All it costs you is the
2 minutes it would take to set up with us. That's it.          This is truly one of those rare occasions where you do get
something for FREE. As the saying goes, "you have everything to gain and
nothing to lose." Now is the perfect time to tip the scales in your
favor and become a Python partner.
        A complete information package explaining our services,
technical support, commission rates, and advantages is waiting to be
delivered to your e-mail address for your inspection. Or check out the
Python Communications Inc. web site at  and
see what we're all about.
        If you have any concerns or questions please feel free to
contact me at the below e-mail address, and I will get you set up with a
FREE look at our demo show.
There really is no reason to delay it any longer! So let's get hooked up
and start growing together.
Thank you kindly,
Kenney Fitzpatrick
Python Communications Inc.
77 Mowat Avenue
Suite 418
Toronto, Ontario
M6K 3E3
The advertiser in this email does not own or maintain the mailing list that this email has been sent from.  This email is a paid advertisement sent by Adult Web Promotions.
If you would like to be removed from future mailings, simply reply to this email with the word "REMOVE" in the subject line.  We do honor all removes and will assure that you never receive another email.

@_date: 1997-12-08 08:51:52
@_author: PST 
@_subject: FREE FOR YOUR SITE !!! 
This Message is Directed Towards Adult Webmasters Only!!!!!
If you wish to be removed, please reply with the subject "Remove" and this
software will automatically block you from future mailings.
Hello Adult Webmaster,
I came across your website and found that you may be interested in our
services...Placing 011,800,900 PHONESEX numbers on your site!(Free to
WebMasters) Looking to make extra income from your adult site???? You'll make $$$ off every minute someone calls your number. All you do is advertise the number on your site!  We supply you with 900, 800 or 011 number(s),
Your choice of Straight, Gay, or Fetish lines available, online call stats(for tracking your income) and full customer service. FREE FREE FREE NOW SUPERFAST STARTUP ONLINE:    Thanking you in advance! Chris Rose
Account Executive
Rosenbrewer Communications

@_date: 1997-12-08 12:25:44
@_author: PST 
@_subject: FREE FOR YOUR SITE !!! 
This Message is Directed Towards Adult Webmasters Only!!!!!
If you wish to be removed, please reply with the subject "Remove" and this
software will automatically block you from future mailings.
Hello Adult Webmaster,
I came across your website and found that you may be interested in our
services...Placing 011,800,900 PHONESEX numbers on your site!(Free to
WebMasters) Looking to make extra income from your adult site???? You'll make $$$ off every minute someone calls your number. All you do is advertise the number on your site!  We supply you with 900, 800 or 011 number(s),
Your choice of Straight, Gay, or Fetish lines available, online call stats(for tracking your income) and full customer service. FREE FREE FREE NOW SUPERFAST STARTUP ONLINE:    Thanking you in advance! Chris Rose
Account Executive
Rosenbrewer Communications
