
@_date: 1997-07-23 20:59:11
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: REFFERAL REWARDS ( NOT CLUBPIX ) 
This message has been sent by Web-Promotions.Com  and adheres to all North American laws pertaining to Bulk Email.
If you would like to be removed from future mailings please respond back to the sending address
and put REMOVE in the SUBJECT BOX. Placing the word remove in any other area of the email may go unnoticed.
Attention Adult Webmaster:
We Want YOU To Be A Part of US!
This is NOT a Click Thru Program, nor a Limited Money Making MLM
This is YOUR opportunity to get what you deserve!
REFERRAL REWARDS!!!!!!
WEG Inc. has designed a referral program that rewards the Adult Webmasters for their hard work and dedication to their site.  This program has been in operation since mid April to a select few and is now ready for full operation and distribution.  Payment references from some bigger adult
webmasters that are involved in the program are available upon request!
Here's How It Works:
Basically our program allows you to promote our site but you the webmaster receives your own link, with your own assigned script code.  The script code is how we determine who's signup is who's!  So in reality you can consider it your site, it's just that you don't have to waste your time and energy updating material, buying material, and maintenance of your site! Not to mention bandwidth costs! We do all the grunt work!
Heres what you get:
For every signup, you receive 40% commission.  We charge a retail of $19.95 per signup, per month.
So that gives you a net of $7.98 per signup.
Now here's where it really gets good...
RECURRING REVENUE!!!!!!
That's right, the webmaster not only receives the initial commission of $7.98 (40%), but they also get the recurring revenue.
So every month for each referral that has signed up and stays a member you keep getting the recurring billing - $7.98 (40%).
ALL COMMISSIONS ARE PAID OUT WEEKLY!!!
All webmasters will receive a check every week for what ever commission is owed to their account.  Doesn't matter if you had 1 signup for that
weekly pay period.  You get a check every week!
900 ACCESS SIGNUPS TOO!
We have the ability to assign each webmaster that signs up to our
program their own 900 Access number. But the problem we run into is that we have to pay $10 per 900 number. It doesn't sound like much, but when you have over 100 people involved in the program and some people are doing
signups and some aren't, it doesn't make sense to order a whole bunch of 900
lines and they won't even be utilized. So this is what we have decided to do.
We will use one universal 900 number. If you had 10 credit card signups
for the one week pay period and all webmasters combined had 100 signups,
your cut of the 900 revenue will be 10%. If you are absolutely serious with our program and feel you will warrant
the need for your own 900 Access number, we will assign your account your
own personal 900 number free of charge.  ONLINE STATS
Online stats are available to each Referral Rewards member.  So you will
always be able to check your stats.
STOP WASTING YOUR TRAFFIC!!!
So what are you waiting for?  Start maximizing your traffic today!
Sign up to our Referral Rewards program and start collecting the
revenue you truly deserve.  Signup Page
Referral Rewards Main Site and More Info
If you should have any questions, please feel free to email us at rewards
This message has been sent by Web-Promotions.Com  and adheres to all North American laws pertaining to Bulk Email.
If you would like to be removed from future mailings please respond back to the sending address
and put REMOVE in the SUBJECT BOX. Placing the word remove in any other area of the email may go unnoticed.

@_date: 1997-08-02 00:42:24
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Fraud Control 
This message has been sent by Web-Promotions.Com  and adheres to all North American laws pertaining to Bulk Email.
If you would like to be removed from future mailings please respond back to the sending address
and put REMOVE in the SUBJECT BOX. Placing the word remove in any other area of the email may go unnoticed.
-----------------ALERT TO ALL WEB MASTERS---------------
Are you the victim of fraud?
You may be being lied to by so called Live Video Feeds.
Get what you paid for.  100% live video feeds.  Not 12 hours live, 24 hours
live all the time. Get Itslive feeds.  They are LIVE LIVE LIVE!!!
Samples at:
user:	live
pass:	demo
Itslive offers more live 24 hour feeds than anyone else on the planet.  But
it does not stop there.  We have hard core digital feeds too.
Check out these new summer prices for unlimited feeds for your site.
$400 Hard Core feed (Asian, Young, Lesbian, Anal, Oral, Inter racial, and Gay)
$450 Digitized Itslive feed
$950 24 hour Live Itslive feed
Hundreds of packages available, see why top sites like Net babes, Pink
Bits, and Webs Youngest Women use Itslive as their one stop Video Shop.
Personalize your site with our Sweetheart Program
To sign up or ask any questions mailto:Candy
Candy Roberts
Itslive Direct Sales
3i Inc
800-555-8852 or 214-658-1520
Fax 214-658-1507
This message has been sent by Web-Promotions.Com  and adheres to all North American laws pertaining to Bulk Email.
If you would like to be removed from future mailings please respond back to the sending address
and put REMOVE in the SUBJECT BOX. Placing the word remove in any other area of the email may go unnoticed.

@_date: 1997-08-04 15:02:48
@_author: PDT 
@_subject: Regarding your check 
This message has been sent by Web-Promotions.Com  and adheres to all North American laws pertaining to Bulk Email.
If you would like to be removed from future mailings please respond back to the sending address
and put REMOVE in the SUBJECT BOX. Placing the word remove in any other area of the email may go unnoticed.
Clickers paying from 3¢ to 5¢ per click PLUS BONUS up to $500 paid to sites
with QUALITY traffic each and EVERY month.
We are looking for serious players who want to make serious money.
No messing around, WE PAY ON TIME, WEEKLY and by WIRE if you choose.
Site size for bonus is not important, just the QUALITY of your traffic.
Check out  for more information.
WHAT HAVE YOU GOT TO LOSE?
Clickers Admin
This message has been sent by Web-Promotions.Com  and adheres to all North American laws pertaining to Bulk Email.
If you would like to be removed from future mailings please respond back to the sending address
and put REMOVE in the SUBJECT BOX. Placing the word remove in any other area of the email may go unnoticed.
