
@_date: 1997-07-03 14:16:46
@_author: "Philip R. Zimmerman" 
@_subject: Re: PGP security problems? 
Hash: SHA1
 The recent spate of bogus keys uploaded to the PGP keyserver
(with subsequent posts forged using our employees names showing
up on mailing lists and newsgroups) is particularly troubling
given the fact that they appear to be coming from within the
ranks of the cypherpunks.
 While I still support the aims of the cypherpunks list, I must
confess to being somewhat disillusioned by these attacks by long
time members of the cypherpunks list. Even more troubling is the
fact that there is evidence of the attacks being designed to aide
one of PGP, Inc.'s competitors--Stronghold.
 I suppose I should have realized long ago that Gilmore and Sameer  were in collusion to turn the cypherpunks
against PGP in order to corner the encryption market for c2net's
back-door, GAK'ed product. Although PGP's successful effort
to get the Huge Cajones anonymous remailer shut down has helped
to minimize the damage to our reputation, we may have to take
action against other remailers, as well.
 I wish I had listened to the warnings of the late Dale Thorn,
Toto, and Dimitri Vulis before it had come to this.
 In conclusion, I would ask everyone to be wary when receiving
messages purporting to be from PGP, Inc. or from any of our
 It is inevitable that some gullible fools will be taken in by
the forgeries, but simple precautions such as checking the
key signatures against the keys on our keyserver and perusing
the message headers to determine the source of the email should
aide in spotting forgeries. (You should be particularly wary
of any messages originating from Canadian ISP's, as that seems
to be the natural habitat of Mongers of every sort.)
Philip R. Zimmerman

@_date: 1997-10-25 02:19:46
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Re: PRZ Announcement 
In my last message to this list, I pointed out that my name is spelled
Philip.  I neglected to point out that I also did not write the message
allegedly from me (or from Phillip).  This is why that for signed messages, we need to make sure that the signing key is properly signed by trusted introducers.  --prz

@_date: 1998-04-13 21:30:54
@_author: Philip Zimmermann 
@_subject: Amusing takeoff of Zimmermann Telegram 
I thought this was a pretty funny takeoff of the famous Zimmermann Telegram.  Apparently this was already sent to the cypherpunks list,
but I just thought that since it made me laugh out loud, maybe I could
laugh out loud on the list.  :-D   --prz
Most private for PRZ's personal information and to be handed to the
Eternal Iminister in (?) England with...by a pretty private route.
  We propose to begin on the 19 April an unrestricted subliminal InfoWar fair.   We shall endeavour, in spite of this, to keep MeatSpace neutral.
In the event of this not succeeding we shall make Austin a proposal
of alliance on the following basis; make InfoWar together, smoke the
peace piple together, generous bandwidth support, and an understanding
that Austin is to reconquer their lost territory in Freedom, Liberty
and Privacy. The settlement in detail is left to you.
  You will inform the Webmaster, that is Webmaster Choate of Austin, of the above most privately as soon as the outbreak of war with
MeatSpace is certain, and add the suggestion that he should on his
own initiative invite 2600 to immediate adherence and at the same
time mediate between 2600 and ourselves.
  Please call the WebMaster's attention to the fact that the ruthless
employment of our sublimarines offers the prospect of compelling
BeaverSpace to peace.
Acknowledge receipt with two-word reply...
The Arthur
