
@_date: 1997-12-08 22:27:25
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: ECCp-79 challenge cracked 
I'm enclosing two messages from sci.crypt:
Peter Trei

@_date: 1997-12-12 22:25:49
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: How about a Bay Area meeting 1/17/98? 
at 1pm at
It would be nice if the January meeting were held the 17th. This is the
day following
the RSA Data Security Conference, and a lot of out-of-towners will be in
area over that weekend.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-01-06 00:42:51
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: best body armor for cypherpunks [serious] 
After a few years on this list, one develops such a thick skin that
extra protection is superfluos
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-01-09 04:13:12
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: MS Server Gated Crypto: strong encryption w/ exportable browsers if the server is US-OK 
Netscape got this deal quite some time ago, so it's hardly a special
priviliege for MS. It lets certain (trusted by the US government) servers to use strong
encryption with US
products outside of the US.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: I am not speaking for my employer.

@_date: 1998-01-10 00:14:03
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: Question on U.S. Postal Service and crypto 
My understanding is that a post BOX has to be a design acceptable to the
USPS; and that no one else can put things INTO it. This is a pretty
narrow restriction; door slots can be used by anyone for anything, and many postboxes either share a support post with a newspaper delivery tube or
have an external rack for stuffing newspapers, etc.
Back about 20 years ago, some company (FedEx, UPS????) tried to
get into the first class mail delivery business, and they dealt with
this by
putting mail in a plastic bag and hanging it on the doorknob.
Where I live (*small* town in New England), FedEx and UPS regularly
packages unattended; either by the front door, the back door, or in the garage (this is a very low crime area).
Around 1979, when the existence of email was just beginning to penetrate
(there where only a few hundred thousand people on the Arpanet), there was considerable debate over the legality of email. Since access to
Arpanet was theoretically only for people working on Federally funded projects, it was widely thought that it should only be used for project related work, and any personal mail was a misuse of government funds.
Columbia University (where I was working at the time) allowed unlimited internal use, but had tinkered their mail client to ignore addresses to off-campus addresses. I think my very first hack involved defeating this restriction.
About the same time, I remember that the Postal Carriers Union realized (quite correctly) that email was a threat to their civil service jobs,
and came
out with a statement to the effect of 'We don't quite understand what
this thing is, but the USPS owns it." They wanted to require that email be received
only at Post Offices, where it would be printed, stamped, and delivered
one of their members) along with the rest of the mail.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-01-28 06:21:46
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: Ultra computer. 
I also find the merriment at Nobuki Nakatuji poor English skills
offensive - I wish I spoke Japanese as well as he can write
That's not to say I think we should all go off and work on MISTY
right away.
However, on his 'NEC supercomputer', there's a somewhat low-content
press release at
They've been asked to design as 32 TFlop machine, with an aim of
it by 2002. It's a highly parallelized vector machine, ostensibly aimed
at weather forcasting. It'll have 4 TB of RAM, and 'thousands' of
I wish I knew just what processor it's supposed to use, but it's
probably only
on paper at the moment.
Here's a really rough calculation
Assume integer instructions are no slower than the FP instructions.
Best DES code for Alpha gets 94 clock cycles/key - guess 200
2^56 *200 = 1.4e19 instructions
= 450360 seconds
= 125 hours to exhaust key space, or about 2.5/days on average.
even if I'm off by a factor of two, this is pretty quick for a general
purpose machine.

@_date: 1998-02-02 22:48:26
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: Dr Dobbs crypto CD 
I called them up a couple weeks ago to ask about this. The person I
talked to
had clearly fielded this question quite a few times. The story he gave
is that
preparation of the master CD was farmed out to some particular
contractor who was stalling. I got the impression that I was being told
the contractor was apparently imcompetant, and could not turn in a
master in a timely fashion.
There was also some mention of the possiblity of 'legal difficulties',
I was given no details on that.
Peter Trei
I called them up a couple weeks ago to ask about this. The person I
spoke to
had clearly fielded this question quite a few times. The story he gave
is that
preparation of the master CD was farmed out to some particular
contractor who was stalling. I got the impression that I was being told
the contractor was apparently imcompetant, and could not turn in a
master in a timely fashion.
There was also some mention of the possiblity of 'legal difficulties',
I was given no details.
I'm still waiting for my copy.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-02-05 05:58:34
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: FW: SEC Rule Announcement 
I haven't been able to confirm this report.
Note that it refers to monitoring employee's
HOME computers.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-02-05 06:21:50
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: FW: SEC Rule Announcement 
[sorry if you get this twice - pt]
I have not been able to confirm the claim in this letter - the EMA
does not seem to have a web site. Note that it refers to employers monitoring employee's HOME computers.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-02-18 07:19:48
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: I was auto-outed by an IMG tag in HTML spam 
This can also happen with embedded tags in news messages,
if you use Netscape to read news while 'autoload images'
is turned on.
It's an interesting form of entrapment.

@_date: 1998-02-25 08:26:05
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: No Subject 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: rc5
Status: RO
Once again I have the great privilege of coming to you with good news.
It is with great pleasure (and a sigh of relief) that I can now inform
that the DES-II-1 challenge has been successfully met by
The winning key to the challenge was detected and submitted to RSA Labs
at 02:26 GMT on Monday, 23-Feb-1998.
The correct key, 76 9E 8C D9 F2 2F 5D EA, revealed the words which we've
been anticipating these past 39 days:
"The secret message is: Many hands make light work."
(If you ask me, this is a nice nod in our direction.  Thanks, RSA Labs!)
In addition to proving that 56-bit DES is no longer sufficient for
valuable information, we've now also proved that blind luck need not be
factor in brute-force decryption attacks.  The original DES Challenge
the more recent RC5-56 wins were fortunate and did not have to sweep a
significant portion of the keyspace.  This time around, however, we
managed to
complete almost 90% of the keyspace and have now proven that even when
the law of averages chooses to catch up to us and forces us to pay our dues,
we are
still an unstoppable force.  Our collective victory is all the more
when you consider what we had to accomplish to achieve it.
We tested sixty-three quadrillion keys.  That number is simply
Assuming *0* growth between now and July, we'll be able to sweep the
DES-II-2 keyspace in just under 29 days.  That's assuming that we do not
recruit another person, don't add any more machines, and are even more
next time.  I daresay at least one of those assumptions is probably
I'd invite all of you to join us in IRC (efnet,  for a
victory party.  Take a breather.  Sit back and watch your clients
automatically roll over to RC5-64.
The only other issue at hand is *who* found the key.  The person who
found the
winning key has politely asked to remain anonymous.  Rest assured, I've
in contact with them and they know they've won.  They will be receiving
full share of the prize and are quite excited about the victory.  All
I'd ask
is that we all respect this person's wishes and not bother the list with
public speculation as to their identity.  I'm sure we all appreciate
how important privacy and anonymity can be.
Here are some numbers to chew on while the stats are down:
Project statistics:
        Start of contest:                       January 13, 1998 at
09:00 PST
        Start of distributed.net effort:        January 13, 1998 at
09:08 PST
        End of Contest:                         February 23, 1998 at
02:26 PST
        Size of keyspace:                       72,057,594,037,927,936
        Approximate keys tested:                63,686,000,000,000,000
        Number of 2^30 (average) keyblocks:                 67,108,864
        Number of keys in average keyblock:              1,073,741,824
        Peak blocks per day:                                 5,540,982
        Peak keys per second:                           34,430,460,000
The unencrypted message: Many hands make light work
Computing equivalents:
   Distributed.net is equivalent in processing power to:
           11,264       DEC Alpha 21064 533s
           15,316       Sun Ultra I 167s
           22,393       Intel Pentium II 333s
           68,859       Macintosh PowerPC 604e/200s.
           41,712       Intel Pentium 166s
          399,374       Intel 486DX2/66s
        7,446,033       Intel 386SX/20s
(based solely on DES client performance)
If Keys were dollars, we could pay off the U.S. National Debt in 6.25
If Keys were pennies, we could buy 536249385 Mazda Miatas each day.
If Keys were pennies, we could buy 256728249 Jeep Cherokees each day!
If you printed a single page to represent each key block as it was
and placed those pages in a stack, it would grow 12.83 inches taller
If blocks were liters of Dr. Pepper, we could produce 6381493 six-packs
each day
If Key Blocks were cheeseburgers, fries, and a large Dr. Pepper, we
feed the entire city of Toronto, Ontario lunch each day.
(on a personal note, It sure feels nice to be doing RC5 blocks again.  I
like I've just slipped on an old, comfortable pair of loafers that were
lost in
the attic for two months)
To unsubscribe, send 'unsubscribe rc5' to
rc5-digest subscribers replace rc5 with rc5-digest

@_date: 1998-02-26 13:08:43
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: DES, MMX, and FPGAs 
In DES key search, the speed of a given machine is controlled by three
main factors: clock speed, the algorithm used, and the availability of
multiple issue (the last refers to perfoming 2 or more instructions in
Clock speed can be easily factored out for comparison purposes.
Algorithm is harder; a bitslice algorithm is a clear win on 64 bit
machines with lots of registers, but is roughly equivalent to
non-bitslice algorithms on 32 bit machines with a low register count (eg, Intel processors, even using MMX).
Multiple issue can greatly speed up a specificly tuned assembly
language version. I can't speak for the non-intel processors below,
but the Pentium code below is all tuned for the vanilla Pentium, and
does not get a boost from the PPro or P2. Let's do the numbers:
d.net peak keys per second: 34,430,460,000
cpk (clocks per key) = (equiv * clock speed)/34B
Processor		clock (MHz)	equiv	cpk
DEC Alpha 321064				 142	(4)
DEC Alpha 21066					 220	(4)
DEC Alpha 21064		533		11,264 	 176	(1)
DEC Alpha 21164 (Deschall)			  94	(3)
Sun Ultra I		167		15,316	  75	(1)
SGI r10k					  69	(4)
Macintosh PowerPC 604e  200		68,859	 403	(1)(2)
Macintosh PowerPC 604e  200		         137	(4)
Intel Pentium II        333		22,393   219	(1)(6)
Intel Pentium Pro				 232	(4)(6)
Intel Pentium           166		41,712   203	(1)
Intal Pentium (Bryddes)				 195	(5)
Intel 486DX2		 66	       399,374   775	(1)
Intel 386SX		 20	     7,446,033  4380	(1)
(1) D.net press release.
(2) This figure comes from the press release. I don't believe it for a moment. The next line gives a speed determined from a posting to the d.net mailing list, and is much more believable - if anything, it appears a little slow.
(3) Deschall client
(4) based on d.net mailing list posting.
(5) Sven Mikkelsen's page.
(6) I'm not aware of any fielded bitslice software for Intel MMX
platforms. I suspect that it would not speed things up too much - there are simply too few registers, and you'd spend a lot of time
moving stuff in and out of cache. I wouldn't be suprised if some of the figures above are incorrect,
but it's clear that the best processors are getting down to 70-100
clock cycles per key. Wiener's keysearch engine unrolls the 16 rounds of DES, and is thus
able to run in a similar way to an assembly line; once it's 'filled
up' it tests 1 key per clock cycle. Any other version would run a lot slower. Some highly uninformed blather about FPGAs follows:
Wiener's paper uses custom VLSI chips, and claims a need for
26k "gates" or 78257 "sites". I'm not sure how this translates to
silicon requirements in FPGAs - it seems that "gate" and "site" are
nominal terms which are not directly equivalent to actual, physical
gates. I've found one reference to a general DES FPGA implementation
which requires 25k gates, though it's not clear if this reuses the
round circuitry, or 'unrolls' it (I suspect the latter, which would
be good).
I'm also not certain if a FPGA running at, for example, 50 MHz, can
actually run logic operations at that speed. Some things I've read
suggest that FPGAs run ops at several clocks per operation - which
is still a lot better than a general purpose microprocessor.
The fastest and largest FPGAs I'm aware of are the Xilinx 4000
series: The xc40125 has about 80,000 gates, and runs at around
100 MHz (and costs $1500!!). Suppose we use this chip, and everything works out optimally. We
can fit 3 des engines per chip, and get 300 Mkeys/sec checked. To
duplicate d.net's speed, we would need about 115 chips, or about
$170k for the chips alone. A better choice would be the Xilinx Spartan XL series. This might be
in the $20 - $40 a chip, and would run at 80MHz, and would fit only
one des engine. This would be around $9k - $17k, which is still pretty high for an individual. At this speed (34Gkey/sec), it would still take 12 days to search
half the keyspace, and the prices quoted are for the chip alone, no
boards, chassies, or SW, and the speeds are assumed to be 1 key/engine/clock, which is optomistic.
On the plus side, implementing a DES cracker in an FPGA actually
affords us some efficiency savings over a non-reconfigurable chip. The
cipher and plaintexts can be compiled into the design, and if you're
willing to reload the chip frequently, the slower-changing portions of
the key can be built in as well. This cuts the gate count
I'd really like to see the next DES challenge taken on by some
organization with a few hundred under utilized FPGA boards.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-03-26 13:07:08
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: FW: U.S. Official Cites Key Escrow Flaws 
Found this in sci.crypt. I'm suprised it didn't hit the lists yet.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-04-02 12:21:31
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: regulating the internet 
Your question is too vague to get any kind of simple answer.
Regulate *what* exactly? Protocol standards? Pricing? Volume of traffic? Traffic content? Internationally or domestically?
If domestic, which countries? Use of encryption? Anonymity?
Digital signatures? Taxation? Email content? Spam?  Porn? Usenet? Web sites? IRC? DNS naming services? Digital telephony?
Packets currently fly around the world as free as migratory
birds, and as hampered by borders.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-04-15 14:09:06
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: Commerce Secretary attacks crypto export limits 
Crypto policy called a failure By Courtney Macavinta
Staff Writer, CNET NEWS.COM April 15, 1998, 11:40 a.m. PT URL:  The government's policy restricting the export of strong encryption products
has failed and is boosting the foreign market by hog-tying the U.S.
Commerce Department secretary William Daley conceded today.
But the software industry and privacy advocates were most intrigued today by
Daley's admission that the administration's export limits on encryption
(technology that secures digital communication) are hindering U.S.
ability to compete with global manufacturers.
The export policy went into effect last January, and is overseen by the
Commerce Department. Under the rules, software makers that are granted
crypto export licenses must submit proof of their plans to build
features into their products after next year. Key-recovery systems make it
possible for law enforcement agents--who have obtained a court order--to
access computer users' private key that unscrambles their digital messages
"The ultimate result will be foreign dominance of the market," Daley said.
"This means a loss of jobs here, and products that do not meet either our law enforcement or national security needs."
There has been an ongoing fight to overturn the export limits. But a
compromise hasn't been reached with law enforcement officials, who assert
that access to keys is needed to combat a new wave of high-tech crime in
which suspects can cover their tracks with crypto.

@_date: 1998-05-07 07:41:06
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: [OFF TOPIC] Spam 
How quickly they forget...
It's not a change of meaning; rather, it is a new branch off
of an earlier root meaning.
The ultimate root, is of course, Hormel's processed meat
product. I don't know how old that is but it goes back at
least to WW2.
The immediate root lies in a Monty Python sketch of the
early 70's.  The text may be found at
 (don't miss the
sound clip.) It takes place in a cafe, where almost every
menu item includes Spam. As a waitress reads the menu to
some patrons ("egg and spam; egg bacon and spam; egg bacon
sausage and spam; spam bacon sausage and spam; spam egg spam
spam bacon and spam; spam sausage spam spam bacon spam
tomato and spam..." etc), a group of Vikings at the next
table start to sing:
"Spam Spam Spam Spam Spam Spam Spam Spam"
"Lovely Spam! Wonderful Spam!"
"Lovely Spam! Wonderful Spam!"
(repeat endlessly)
At certain science fiction conventions in the late 70's and
early 80's it became a tradition for groups of fans (to whom
the Pythons were minor deities) to parade en mass through
the corridors of convention hotels singing the Spam Song.
Many online fen were also active in early MUDs, so the term
came to be used for unwanted, repetitive, voluminous, and
content-free input of all kinds.
Flash forward to April 14, 1994. The WWW is not on most peoples radar yet; it's still the Age
of Usenet. Cantor & Siegel, a pair of shysters, figure out that they
can advertise their dubious 'services' (charging $100 for
information which the government gives out for free) at no
cost on usenet.  Like many lawyers, they suffer from a
mental disorder which leads them to believe that any action
which is not explicitly against the law is reasonable and
appropriate.  They send their ad to over 5000 newsgroups,
regardless of topic.
In those days, many netusers read multiple newsgroups every
morning. That day, every newsgroup you opened included the
same article in the subject list, along with dozens of angry
denouncments of the off-topic post.
*Every* *single* *newsgroup*.
The resemblance to the menu at the Python cafe was
unmistakeable, and 'spam' was the term instantly adopted to
describe the practice.
Since then, the use of the term 'spam' has been expanded to
refer to any sort of off-topic and undesired information
sent over the net, especially when a shotgun approach is
Question: When was the *first* spam type message? I remember
in the early 80's a student spammed Usenet, asking for small
donations to help him meet tuition. Are there any earlier
Peter Trei
ptrei

@_date: 1998-05-08 12:03:43
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: DoD orders vendors to use Key "Recovery" 
I hope someone sends them the NSA report on the security hazards of
KR. Peter Trei
GCN May 4, 1998 Defense wants PKI now Department intends to make vendors use strong encryption By Christopher J. Dorobek To jump-start development of a public-key recovery system, the Defense
Department plans to require its vendors to use strong encryption,
deputy Defense secretary John Hamre said recently.
Because it wields significant buying clout, Defense's more stringent
requirements should boost government and industry efforts to build
systems for managing encryption keys, Hamre said last month at an
Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association event in
Agencies cannot wait for the government and industry to settle on a
national encryption policy, Hamre said.
Through successive administrations, the government has tried to
develop a singular policy on encryption. But so far, the efforts have
failed.  Generally, industry has criticized the government's policy
proposals as too restrictive.
"We have an important national imperative to protect ourselves in this
world," Hamre said. "We can't wait to have this issue resolved ...
therefore we're going to buy encryption with key recovery."
Vendors will have to use encrypted data and be able to recover it when
doing business with DOD, he said.
Defense will work out a final policy in the coming weeks, Hamre said.

@_date: 1998-05-12 14:15:24
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: FW: "... would cause us to look at this person as a threat" 
The earliest online citation I can find is in the  May 1997 Newsletter of
the Melbourne Seventh-day Adventist Church, at  Considering it's content, I have no doubt that it is manufactured - it
carefully written to offend millenialist Christians, such as the SDAs.
I've written the page owner to see if I can find out more.
Deja News shows this quote first in alt.war.civil.usa, on March 18 1998.
Since then, it's been banging around various Christian and political
groups. It also seems to be on the website  but I have not
confirmed this, nor can I tell if this cites an earlier source.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-06-22 06:42:55
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: Eric Young: Zimmerman redux? 
With things starting to heat up here in Australia (DoD/DSD has recently taken to making some exceptionally nasty noises about prosecuting Eric Young, Tim Hudson and the rest of the Australian CryptoMozilla team). I'd like to remind everyone who's interested in aussie/nz crypto issues of the aucrypto mailing list.                       Australasian & Pacific Cryptography                mail the word "subscribe" to aucrypto-request

@_date: 1998-07-22 15:19:14
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: Thoughts on the demise of DES 
Well, I'm a happy camper. Single DES is dead as a
credible cipher. I feel *very* vindicated.
I called for the hit, RSA bankrolled it, and the
EFF pulled the trigger. DESChall and
Distributed.net did severe damage, but the Deep
Crack machine was the fatal blow.
While the possiblity of bruting DES has been
discussed at various times in and out of cpunks
for years (for example, see Adam Back's message
of 17 August 1995), my involvement started 22 July
1996, when I proposed a DES crack as a follow on
to the previous autumn's RC4-40 attack:
This got a flurry of responses, mostly positive,
including some in which Matt Blaze announced his
intention to build a hardware DES cracker.
Later that day, I had run some more numbers:
This looked much too slow, and discussion trailed
off. I was still interested, and grabbed some x386
assembler by Phil Karn, and worked on optimizing
it for the Pentium.
It worked well. A few months later:
I had managed a better than 25x speedup. My
biggest innovation was a new method of producing
key schedules, which when applied for key search
purposes was a hundred times faster than the
canonical method [Perry doubled the speed by
suggesting the use of Gray codes.]
Later that month, I wrote to Jim Bidzos at RSA,
suggesting a DES challenge, using my prototype's
speed to demonstrate feasibility.  He was
interested, and the Symmetric Key Challenges were
Soon other programmers (notably Svend Mikkelsen in
Dennmark) substantially improved on my speed - by
better optimization, and by clever shortcuts which
allowed earlier rejection of bad keys. A major
innovation was use of Eli Biham's 'bitslice'
algorithm, which tested large blocks of keys in
parallel. The speed of his initial implementation
was doubled by the work of Matthew Kwan in
Australia and Andrew Meggs, et. al. at
By the end of the latest challenge, the fastest
software search engines had speeds (in clock
cycles per test) well over 100x as fast as my
original 10,000 cycle/key estimate.
Here's one more quote from the archives:
Written well before I started to think about a DES
crack, this, at least, has come true.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: This has nothing to do with my work
at my employer.

@_date: 1998-08-10 11:55:27
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: I'm from the government, and I'm here to control your email.... 
- start of quoted section -----------
Clinton backs universal E-mail plan
By Tom Diederich
The Clinton administration wants all Americans to have an E-mail
address to go along with their street address and is asking the
U.S. Postal Service to deliver the project's backbone. The idea is to connect physical and electronic addresses using the
nation's Internet "country code" -- the top-level ".us" domain. Then
a company or government agency, for example, could send bills or
bulletins to your electronic mailbox as well as your home. The administration said the move would "accelerate and
universalize the growth of electronic commerce," according to the
Postal Service. The Postal Service sent a proposal to launch the .us domain
initiative to the Commerce Department on June 1. The department
on Monday said it would accept comments from the public, based
on 11 questions ( until Sept. 3. )
Responses will be posted on the National Telecommunications and
Information Administration's Web site (
- end of quoted section -
There is an utter cluelessness here which assumes that there
is and/or should be a strong corrospondence between an individual, a physical location, and an email address. This is not suprising, considering that this is from the Post Office, which is mired
a 19th century concept of what constitutes 'mail'.
I suspect that the PO will want to be able to charge for all mail sent to these addresses. The miserable failure of the USPS to generate any interest in their offer to 'frank'
email (for a price) may play into this.
Once everyone has an government registered email address, it
will be a simple matter to forbid the use of uncontrolled email
addresses (for either sending or receiving) at least within the US. It's to be expected that government agencies will refuse to
send to any other address.
In my opinion, the proper response of the USPS to competition from
email and parcel delivery services would be to wind down USPS operations. There is no longer a critical need for a protected monopoly in postal delivery.
Peter Trei
Disclaimer: The above represents my personal opinions only.

@_date: 1998-08-11 06:26:55
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: Internet growth/Passport correlation? 
The figures are probably correct, but your
interpretation is faulty.
These days, US passports are good for 10
years. Thus, about 1/4 of the US population
has one. To Europeans this may sound like an
astonishingly low figure, but it's a big country, and a US citizen can visit Mexico and Canada without one.
The duration has been rising - my first passport,
issued in 1965, was good for only two years. This
was later bumped to 5, and then to 10. Even so, at
one time I had to visit an embassy to get extra
pages for visa stamps stapled in.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-08-25 13:48:02
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: Reinsch: Crypto export law changes soon. 
On NPR's "Talk of the Nation" yesterday, Bill Reinsch, who
is an undersecretary for Export Administration in the  Department of Commerce, stated that a change in the export
regs should be expected around Labor Day. The context was that the 'promise to compromise your future products, and we'll let you export un-escrowed DES until the end of 1998' deal is running out, and BXA wants business to know (slightly) ahead of time what the new regimen will be.
The entire ToTN article can be heard on Real Audio:
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-09-01 10:06:57
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: Meganet redux... 
Anyone want to educate these people as
to the general consensus on VME?
Multibillion-Dollar International Corporation
Purchases the 1-Million-Bit, Unbreakable
Virtual Matrix Encryption to Protect Its
Computers 10:01 a.m. Sep 01, 1998 Eastern TARZANA, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 1, 1998-- The $1.2 Million Challenge is Still Uncompromised After
Five Months Meganet Corp., which challenged Microsoft
(Nasdaq:MSFT), Intel (Nasdaq:INTC), Dell
(Nasdaq:DELL), AT&T (NYSE:ATT), NCR (NYSE:NCR)
and many other high-tech companies with its unbreakable
1-million-bit Virtual Matrix Encryption (VME), has sold and
installed Virtual Matrix Encryption at the headquarters of
La-Curacao, a multibillion-dollar international corporation.

@_date: 1998-10-05 08:50:54
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: FW: I thought of an initialy regulated industry!... (fwd) 
[...]
[four paragraphs of well written irony removed]
For those interested in a thoughtful (though slightly one sided) look at
this issue,
I strongly reccomend PJ O'Rourke's new book 'Eat the Rich'. He examines
locations (US, Sweden, Albania, Cuba, Russia, Hong Kong, Shanghai) in an
attempt to figure out why (economically) "some places suck and others don't" His bottom
is that the rule of law (especially contract law) is critical, as well as
government. He's much more interested in on-the-ground economic experience than in
figures, and is the only economics writer who can make me laugh out loud. He
have his blind spots - I would have liked to see what he makes of Singapore.
Peter Trei
[Excuse the lousy formatting - I'm using a Microsoft product]

@_date: 1998-11-21 03:21:29
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: January Bay Area meeting date. 
The 1999 RSA Data Security Conference will be held
in San Jose, Sunday January 17th thru Thursday,
January 21. It will bring a lot of out-of-town
members of these mailing lists into the Bay Area.
Last year, the date of the January Cypherpunks
Physical Meeting was shifted so that conference
attendees who stayed over the weekend could turn
up. Several did, and I gave a repeat performance
of my conference presentation.
I'd like to suggest shifting the date again. The physical meetings seem to be normally held second Saturdays, which  suggests a Jan 9 date. If it could be moved up to the 16th, people could arrive on Friday (or early Saturday) and attend the cpunk meeting. Many conference
attendees will be staying over that Saturday
night to take advantage of the cheaper airfares.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-12-08 00:47:22
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: Re: y2k/gary north delusions 
As a former New Yorker, I find this whole
thread majorly uninformed.
Most of New York's water moves from the Catskills to the tap (or toilet) via
gravity, without encountering a pump
at any point during the way. Even if
all power and automated controls
failed, most of the city would continue to get water (remember - the system was
designed long before computers, or even
widespread electricity).
The only areas with major problems would
be the high spots - Washington Heights/ Spanish Harlem, some parts of the Bronx,
and the upper floors of some highrises. Even assuming that somehow every toilet
in the city became unusable, the decidedly
lowtech solid waste disposal system (trucks
to landfills in Staten Island and New Jersey, or barges to the Atlantic), would still operate.
The  solid volume of people's excrement is miniscule compared to the volume of material already handled. (If you think no crap goes into the system, you clearly have not spent time near in infant in the age of Pampers).
I suspect that Los Angeles, and other cities
which have grown recently in arid areas, would
have a lot more trouble.
Peter Trei

@_date: 1998-12-08 06:15:31
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: RE: y2k/gary north delusions 
Sure he did. However, geography was not
accomodating, and there is at least one
point where a major aqueduct is pumped
over a ridge.

@_date: 1998-12-16 02:26:30
@_author: "Trei, Peter" 
@_subject: DoS considered harmful [WAS: RE: Anyone striking?] 
Someone using the name Carlos Gomes [GomesC A DoS (Denial of Service) action is a really, really,
really bad idea.
It's both illegal and counterproductive. It's the sort
of thing I would expect to hear from an 'agent
provocateur' bent on discrediting critics of
government policy, by casting them as malicous hackers.
We went through this once before. Back when I was
getting the DES challenges going, some one proposed
that the target should be a live bank transaction (I
think in Germany). I argued strenuously against such a
move, and in favor of a specifically created target
This goal was fullfilled when I got RSA to set up and
sponsor the Symmetric Key Challenges.
If a group of people coordinated in any way to mount a
DoS attack, the effects would include:
1. Lump anyone taking an anti-Wassenaar position
together with a gang of destructive hackers.  This
would be a tremendous setback for the Good Guys, and
play straight into the hands of the those who would
remove freedom.
2. Anyone engaging in such an attack would face
real-world LEA investigation for computer hacking.
3. Anyone who discusses such an attack with anyone who
actually goes out and does it (other than to argue
against it, as I am doing) could be charged with
[So, if any of you are idiotic enough to do this, do
the rest of us a favor, and keep your discussion to
private channels and *off* the mailing lists. I *don't*
want to know.]
4. Most importantly, It Would Be Wrong. As long as
legal channels exist to right the errors of government
policy, they should be used. That governments stoop to
dishonest, deceitful, and unconstitutional activities
(or activities 'legal' only in the Clintonian sense)
does not justify others abandoning the moral high
I don't think a strike is going to fly, either. What
might work is a Web page blackout, similar to that
done for the original CDA nonsense.
Peter Trei
[Disclaimer: In this message, I speak for myself only.]
