
@_date: 1994-05-26 16:35:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ecash Press Release 
Yeah.  What he said.
I'm not sure, but does this mean we now have the once-mythical Internet
Mercantile Protocol???
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-05-29 19:26:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "lifeguard(?)": bullet tracking system??? 
and Sandy Sandfort  replied,
[much really spiffy stuff about shooting the shooter(or not) "elided" as
they say around here...]
uh, is this *really* cryptography?
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-05-30 12:45:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IMP (was Re: ecash-info (fwd)) 
[snip. . .]
[snip. . .]
This, like CommerceNet(tm), seems to be pretty much under construction.
The store windows look nice, however...
On another point, I still think I'm subscribed to imp-interest, the
internet mercantile protocol list, though I haven't seen anything much come
out of there lately. It got Detweiler-infested and flamed over pretty badly
before it went moribund, but I think imp-interest died primarily because
implicit in it was a sort of top-down-plan idea that was incongruous with
the do-it-first ethic of the internet. Cypherpunks write code, or Chaum
does, anyway ;-).
At the risk of violating that canon, ( I couldn't code my way out of a
paper bag, even though I've designed an application or two) I'd like to
start a thread here.
Could we talk about IMP here?
Here's what I think:
1.) Chaum's e-cash coupled with WWW/Mosaic is a de facto internet
mercantile protocol.
2.) It seems to me that that e-cash, contrary to the status quo's thinking,
is *critical* to internet commerce. An anonymous cash market is most
unrestricted and efficient market there is, because privacy/security (more
than trust, I think) is the capstone of any serious transaction mechanism.
The imp-interest people seemed to be afraid of e-cash because the
Chaum-patent hairball reminded them too much of the RSA/PGP fight, and
probably because they didn't want to be associated with any wild-eyed
crypto-anarchists(tm).  (As a dyed-in-the-wool yellow-dog congenital
up-by-your-bootstraps crypto-fascist  republican, I haven't the
slightest idea what they're talking about. . .)
3.) Since a big pile of the discussion on this group lately has been about
our collective concerns about an RSA-approved version of PGP, I think there
is a real parallel here in e-cash.  Not that some enterprising cypherpunk
should immediately code up "e-cash for the masses"; that would be way cool
but probably not within the second-mortgages of the people here. However,
some effort should be made to get Chaum et. al. to see to logic of
distributing *both* the "cash-register" and the "wallet" of this e-cash
system to anyone who wants it. It seems that, like Mr. Bill (Gates), his
real market is the people who make e-cash ("banks", "currency exchanges",
"mints"), not the people who use it.
Just a second.  My flame-suit is around here somewhere... OK. Flame on.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-05-30 17:24:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IMP (was Re: ecash-info (fwd)) 
Oh boy. Now I'm in for it... I *really* didn't mean to put the ball through
the window, mister, I was just trying to play....
Tim May said,
[Agree to all up to this point \|/]
[I think the ball goes through the window about here...]
I *really* didn't mean that at all. I did not *even* mean to "cast
asparagus" on your collective efforts. *Really*.
What I meant is that Chaum seemed to be making the implicit claim that he
had gone out and done something a whole lot of people around here seem to
have been hoping for for a long time: an Internet Mercantile Protocol.
*Not* a Kerberos-based Billing Server, *Not* anonymous credit cards, *Not*
a coffee-klatch at a BOF session somewhere, but a real way for people to do
cash transactions on the internet.
I think of Chaum as the 900 lb gorilla in all of this. Chaum is really
(because he owns the patents, after all) the only guy who could do
something here. I am _happy_ that he and his folks have kicked the snowball
down the hill. In my enthusiasm, I was applauding Chaum for doing something
whose time has come; I was *not* saying anything about the efforts of the
people on this list. If I gave that impression I *really* apologize.
Now the other stuff...
Having read the roasted-over imp-archives on thumper at belcore, I agree.
I was making the request in light of the fact that you folks have worked
over this ground before.  I was asking your indulgence more than anything
[will do]
This is the main point of my posting, I believe.  It seems to me that more
than that is being claimed by Chaum and Co.
Violent agreement here...
I agree.  I just started learning about all this stuff in the last three
months or so. But, I've been lurking here since. I have been paying
attention. Honest.  I've been trying to do my homework. I've pulled
everything down out of Nexis/Lexis that I could find on Internet Commerce
and Digital Cash, Chaum, Eric, the Cypherpunks group (not you in
particular, I'm afraid ;-)). Hell, I've even read Schneier, though for the
life of me I couldn't discuss 10% of the technical stuff and keep a
straight face (for pretending like I knew what I was talking about, in
other words).
Putting this thing on has drawn more fire than it kept off of me.  I better
keep it off.
Here's where I wish eudora had a "say what I mean" feature... Again my
I suppose my point was that Chaum seems to be seeing what is happening out
there, (CommerceNet) and has decided he can make things happen by opening
up things a little bit. I applaud this. I was egging him on. I was *not*
trying to get my tail-feathers fried.
My analysis may be simplistic, but when Digicash Inc. says this:
I figure that somebody acted. Somebody wrote code. Is it shipping? I have a
product I'm dying to sell this way right now.
Maybe I should wait a day before I post when I get excited about
something... As it is, I feel like Garth and/or Wayne.  "I'm not worthy!,
I'm not worthy!" I really didn't want get into it with Tim May of all
How many lawns do I have to mow to pay for the window, mister? ;-).
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-01 17:42:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IMP (was Re: ecash-info (fwd)) 
Tim, if you pat me on the head any more you're likely to get fleas...
The point of my post was to discuss the merits of a proposition. That is,
WWW/Mosaic is at least a prima facie (seems like a good idea), if not de
facto (they say it works) Internet Mercantile Protocol.  *If* that's the
case, then what would be proper the action to make it happen quicker.
*If* it is possible to send money through the internet *and* receive
something in return (probably nettable.stuff like software, information,
maybe bandwidth?), *then* you have an IMP.  I think Chaum's innocent until
proven guilty.  I used the words de facto in the existential, and not the
universal, sense. I could not possibly mean everyone's using it, in light
of the fact that he just announced the stuff!
[charitable discussion of enthusiastic newcomers running about the house in
muddy boots, silly rah-rah (;-)) cheerleading behavior for people who don't
even read c'punks, and "if I were you, young man" instructions in proper
norms for a c'punk, etc.]
This is where I think you're fighting the last (of several) wars.  I was
*not* trying to find out if anyone around here wanted to work for free.  I
was looking for a "snicker test" of the concept that WWW/Digicash might be
an IMP, so that folks like myself could do something to make it happen if
it is. Forthwith, I hereby promise *never* to ask someone on this list to
work for free. (I'll probably regret that ;-)).
This is the first kernal of tenable argument in all the chaff of (face it,
Tim) condesention, and I agree with it.  I think getting banks - or other
people who convert money from one form to another - interested in digital
cash is something someone who doesn't code for a living could do. Points
like this were what I was looking for. Now that it can be done (as Chaum
has claimed to have demonstrated), then someone with more guts than brains
won't get laughed out of the office in the first round of due dilligence.
[much sage advice about getting people to work for free on appropriate,
scalable projects, scarce c'punk resources, and herding cats]
I'm not so sure here. If the market is for stuff like software and
information, and if the only proprietary market opportunity is at the
currency exchange level, then if a credible, (and legal) currency exchange
function is implemented on the internet, and we have a working Internet
Mercantile Protocol.  Lots of "ifs" in that line of reasoning, but they're
not hysterically unrealistic.
[watch out for the fleas, Tim]
Happy Scratching,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-01 17:39:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re:  IMP (was Re: ecash-info (fwd)) 
Hal  wrote,
While I don't see how the two technologies are mutually exclusive, you may
have a point about anonymity. But WWW/Mosaic's acceptance of e-cash may
make it more attractive (don't know how just yet, but I bet it has to do
with liquidity), with or without anonymity.
While only increasing the velocity of the air around here with my all my
hand-waving, I expect that the service charges would be justified with
increased liquidity of e-cash, I believe that the increased liquidity comes
from not having to balance a bunch of customer accounts end of the
day, either at the issuer of the cash, or the vendor who received the cash.
When a retailer goes to the bank with checks, each check is specifically
identified.  When the check bounces (a straw man in an electronic market),
it has to be collected.  When a customer reneges on a credit card
transaction, it has to be traced back to the retailer.  That doesn't happen
in e-cash.  I expect someone's said all this here before, and I beg the
cypher.gods indulgence...
I think that the credibility of the issuer is important to the security of
e-cash. That security is upheld with cryptography and Chaum's technology.
I think that privacy is a by-product of a very liquid and efficient funds
transfer system. All the byproducts of the reduced paperwork.  So, I think
I got the chicken and the egg mixed up. Point taken.
True.  But Tim(?) had a point back there when he talked about them having
to work around Chaum.  I also think that something important did happen on
imp-interest. Most of the pertinent discussion delt with the need to put
something up and test it out.  I didn't *see* anything in that vein until I
heard here about Tacky-Tokens and Magic Money.  But as Perry aptly pointed
out, Unless you denominate them in *real* money, you're just trading
baseball cards (or coke cans).  It ain't real until the financial system
plays. TT and MM are important, because they address the operational
issues.  They're where the rubber meets the road. They aren't the engine,
however. That's a true player in the financial system (a bank or bank-like
entity), and the people who have the technology: Digicash
not at all
I hope he goes after the banks, central and otherwise, and lets the
mercantile protocol sort itself out in the market.  When I started reading
about you folks, I ran into an article in one of Stuart Brand's
publications (The Whole Earth Review?).  It talked about the "fax effect".
That is, one fax machine is worthless, but millions are very valuable.  I
think this is what the whole PGP idea was about.  In this case, if the
ability to spend and receive money was cheap (or free) the franchise to
print money would be very dear indeed.  I think Chaum understands this. I
hope he does, anyway.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-01 19:12:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IMP (was Re: ecash-info (fwd)) 
hughes (Eric Hughes) replies,
Chaum's chumming the hook.  I get it. But the claim has still been made
that the techonolgy works, right?
I believe that that is the case, and thus whether or not it's considered a
check is immaterial.
True. That is a risk of deploying the protocol from the financial entity's
standpoint.  Like most things in the banking system, a consensus (inside
the beltway and out) would have to be reached. But this is a political, not
a technical, challenge.
I'm hard pressed to see the difference between $10K of paper money and $10K
of e-cash.  That's the point of the technology. If you treat it the same
way, you can regulate it the same way.
If it is possible to sell, maintain and support software on the internet,
there will be an incentive for sellers to use it to reduce costs.  In my
own experience it is easier and much cheaper to identify customers who want
my somewhat specialized software on the internet than it is in a lot of
other places. It is possible to distribute my software to those people much
cheaper. It is cheaper to maintain that software through net.mail and ftp.
If I had an e-cash-register coupled with a transaction-ftp capability, I
could sell my software without knowing who bought it, and put the money in
the bank more efficiently than if I had to deal with checks, credit cards,
etc., I would jump at the chance. (If wishes were horses, beggars would
ride :-)... )
This forms demand for vendors to take e-cash. The demand from e-cash users
comes from the same advantage cash confers.  It's easier to use. Since
anyone (including a machine) can tell that it's e-cash, that it can't be
anything else, it's acceptable for all transactions.  A vendor doesn't have
to check the purchaser's bonafides. It doesn't matter. Privacy is a
by-product of this.
I think you're right.  Personal privacy is a by-product of an iron-clad
interpersonal funds transfer system, like e-cash. The cladding comes from
encryption technology. A form of privacy, but I would be equivocating in
the way I used the word above if I used it that way. E-cash is critical
because of it's efficiency.  With it, I can sell software or
computer-related services from any net-connected machine to customers
Singapore, or Japan, or down the street without having to worry about who
they are, whether or not their checks clear, or without having to pay their
credit card company's customer accounting costs, or without having to
convert their e-cash from one form to another unless I wanted to.
This is the "if we lived here, we'd be home now" argument. Goddard, Korolev
and Von Braun were making liquid-fueled rockets long before governments saw
the efficacy of missles as weapons of war, and "all" Von Braun wanted to do
was to go to the moon.  Admittedly, a war was required before people built
large rockets.  I expect that some powerful economic forces will have to
emerge in order to create demand for e-cash. I also that think that the
Internet is creating those forces. I also don't believe that strong crypto
is as engineering intensive as rocket science is (all my protestations
about its comprehensibility to the contrary....).
Conceded. Anonymity is the result of the most efficient kind of personal
transaction. A cash transaction. I think the efficiency can be examined by
affirming the negative here.  Suppose that all cash transactions had to be
recorded and each party of the transaction had to be identified and
reported to some other third party (the government, say). Besides the
specter of big brother watching you, the economy would choke in
administrivia (I *like* that word, Eric).
I don't think I was clear enough.  The parallels had to do with the
distribution of the technology. With PGP being everywhere, the value of PGP
grew.  If the people who control patents to the "wallets" and
"cash-register" technology would let that be available for all, then the
value of their patents on the means of producing the medium of exchange
(providing it can be readily converted into *real* money somewhere) goes up
I liked doing this. I hope all my yammering above holds water, and isn't a
waste of bandwidth.  These are precisely the kinds of arguments people in
the financial markets will use when they throw darts at participation in an
e-cash node. If the questions can be answered here, then whoever makes the
pitch will be that much ahead of the game.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-05 08:01:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: CEB 6 the Unpleasantness 
I like a lot of what Tim May says. I don't think he starts out to flame on
I forgot something important about netiquette when I got into that flame
fight with Tim. If you ignore the first salvo, flame wars usually never
BTW, Gary, as a former Alaskan, the remark about rabbits and moose still
makes me laugh out loud... Don't know why...
Apologies advance for the wasted bandwidth.
And now we return you to your regularly scheduled cryptography...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-09 15:18:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Regulatory Arbitrage 
Excuse me while gush...
As usual, Eric is right.
[great discussion about how regulation only creates markets elsewhere...]
Arguably (only arguably...) some economic regulation is good for us: like a
*few* pharmaceutical and food regulations, maybe.
Eric points out that internet commerce and e-money, e$ for short, reminds
one of something that has been going on for a long time with another E$,
this time Eurodollars. (Kind of like AOL, eh?)  Eurodollars were invented
to get around American tax and currency regulations, and those of other
countries. You had all these American corporations funding themselves
through subsidiaries in Carribbean countries like the Netherlands Antilles.
(Any time you see "Companyname, N.V.", the "NV" is Dutch for "we funded
this with offshore dollars" ;-).
George Soros, who founded Quantum Fund, N.V., is evidently happy with the
results of this knowlege.  He recently made the fastest billion dollars in
history pointing out the folly of the European currency exchange rate
mechanism, much to the chagrin of the Bank of England and other central
banks whose money he pocketed.
I remember a Milton Friedman quote, something to the effect that
regulations only benefit a market's producers, not its consumers.  Current
day Japan, states with barber and bartender "licences", and Smoot/Hawley
America in the 1930's might be good examples of that.  If there's a market
for those goods/services elsewhere, people *will* buy there.
With internet commerce and e$ ,"elsewhere" is everywhere... But we know
that already, don't we?  I can't wait until the rest of the information, or
the software, or the intellectual services buying public figure that out.
The only way to prevent that is to regulate economic commerce on the
internet, which makes me shudder to think about.  Although, if the paradigm
holds, it won't make much difference.  It'll be like stopping capitalism
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-10 19:38:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Regulatory Arbitrage 
I went to University of Chicago for a while.  I went back to school to
learn things they didn't teach a Philosophy major at the University of
Missouri in the late '70s, like math.  One of my cronies from Chicago, a
finance type named Mark McCarren, was lurking over my shoulder this
afternoon while I was showing him the Wonders of Cyberspace (TM).  He saw
this post and muttered, "it started with the Soviets in the 50's..."  So, I
weaseled the story out of him, and then he produces this dusty old textbook
to back it up...
Loosely Plagiarized from Modern International Economics, (1983)
by Wilfred Ethier
ISBN 0-393-952-50-9
Pages: 419-423
The eurocurrency market developed for three reasons (all forms of
regulatory arbitrage):
1. Geopolitics:  In the 50's,  the Soviet Union got dollars in trade with
the US and others, and wanted to keep them out of US banks.  It seems that
US had frozen Chinese assets during the Korean war, and for some reason,
the USSR didn't want the same thing to happen to *their* stash....  It
turns out the cable address of Parisian bank where this particular money
was stashed was "EUROBANK".  Hence the origin of the term "eurodollars".
2. National controls.  From 1963 to 1974, US exchange controls limited the
ability foreigners to borrow dollars in US.  If they wanted to borrow lots
of dollars, they had to do it in foreign countries.
3.  A country doesn't regulate other countries' currencies within it's own
borders.  Nations don't regulate foreign currencies in their own banks
because that money doesn't affect their own domestic monetary policy.
(Except in high-inflation economies, like Israel in the late 80's, where
governments "dollarize" savings accounts to increase domestic savings.
There's a thread going on now about this about this in sci.econ, if
anyone's interested.)
As regards Bretton Woods, it's not clear whether the Bretton Woods collapse
had much to do with the popularity of the eurocurrency markets.  Remember
from previous discussions here, Bretton Woods broke down because the
"dollar as good as gold" policy of the post war economic order eventually
caused a massive US  trade deficit with the rest of the world.  We talked
before about De Gaulle cashing in dollars for gold, and various presidents
decoupling the dollar from gold and floating the dollar, etc.  Coupled with
the above structural reasons, the popularity of eurocurencies in late 70's
seems to have  came a lot from the oil shocks, which caused a), inflation
and higher interest rates, and b), lots of Arab oil money, which had to be
put somewhere.  Since US banking regulation Q put a ceiling on the interest
rates US banks could pay depositors, most of that money stayed out of the
US.  (Even though Muslim law forbids interest ;-))
Think of the eurocurrency markets in terms of the old "bowling-ball on a
waterbed" analogy of gravity.  Regulation increases the mass of the bowling
ball and its escape velocity, or the depth of the hole the bowling ball
sits in.  In other words, the more regulation there is out there, the more
the money runs down the hill to the euromarket.  Assuming a frictionless
waterbed, of course;-).  Nassau, Panama, the Caymans, Luxembourg, Bahrain,
Zurich, Paris, Amsterdam, Hong Kong, Singapore are all down at the bottom
of the monetary gravity well.  The most important is London.  But we knew
this already, from a list of spiffy places to put your money published here
a few weeks ago.
A more concrete example of Regulatory Arbitrage, using a pretty sensible
regulation, domestic monetary policy (reason 3, above), is this one:
Fredonian Bank A has a 25% reserve requirement in it's own currency, call
them "tokens", mandated by the government's own monetary policy board, "the
Fred".  Thus, Bank A can lend 75%.  They have a 100 "token" liability on a
75 "token" asset.  If the interest rate paid on deposits is 5%, break even
point is 5/75 = 6.25% .  But the 1.25% doesn't cover its operating costs.
It's just its cost of capital to loan out.  If assume a 1.75% operating
margin, and you get an 8% loan rate.
With eurodollars, there's no reserve requirement, and the Bank can pay more
on deposits and charge less on loans.  Thus, it can pay the old deposit
rate plus a little more, say 5.5%, and it can loan money at 7.5% for the
same operating costs, because that 1.25% caused by the reserve requirement
By the way, I lent McCarren my copy of Schneier in exchange.  I think he
got the better end of the deal, but that's a cost of e$vangelizing to the financial community...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-19 19:42:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$, Liquidity, and Economic Granularity 
Flame-bait warning.
The last week or so, I've been trying to cobble together some business
models for electronic commerce, particularly how the banking system fits
in. I'm posting some of the more far-out stuff for discussion here.  To get
here, I've had to thrash some stuff that's probably obvious to the
cypher-gerontocracy. I beg their indulgence in advance, because some of the
stuff I'm going to yak about probably has been been said here numerous
times in prehistory.  I'd like pointers to those discussions, FAQs(?), etc.
as I couldn't find specific mention of them in the file heirarchy at soda.
As it is, I've bumped into some interesting stuff to me, and thought I'd
share... Hokay... Here goes.
One of the things I like about e$ is that strong crypto provides the
linkages to  disperse it into quite small units and still reunite quite
usefully into big batches for the purposes of financial markets. This is
necessary, because like all technology, successful new stuff usually
creates a superset of the old stuff. It has to offer the same functionality
and add a significant improvement. Here's how.
Let's start with where people keep their money. It can be said that given
the size of a bank's average retail demand deposit account, and the
interest and fees on those accounts, it might at some time behoove people
to keep their disposable money *in cash* on a personal hard drive
somewhere, probably at home, and probably backed up offsite for security.
The principal reasons that people have checking/savings accounts these days
are pretty much as follows: 1. to protect that money from theft, 2. to be
able to conveniently safely spend that money in small increments with
checks or with ATM cards, 3. (recently) to be paid through direct-deposit
mechanisms, 4. to get interest on the money while it sits there.
I think that reasons 1,2, and 3 can be taken care of with e$ protocols, and
that for most demand deposits, 4 is not meaningful because fees outweigh
interest most of the time. You might as well keep your money at home.
Like a lot of other things, retail demand deposits are largely an
industrial phenomenon.  With e$, information technology does to banking
what it did with the industrial telephone network.  A heirarchical network
is replaced with a geodesic one, and demand deposits, except as
concentrator points for large institutional cash distributions, cease to be
meaningful in an economic sense for individuals.
When people accumulate surplus money (:-)) and want to sell that money to
an entity in the financial community, the transaction can be taken care of
with automated secure transmissions of e$.
Organizational concentrations caused by efficiencies of scale would tend to
dissapate as well.  Imagine if Peter Lynch's replacement(s?) could run
Magellan as he saw fit and had all his fund concentration and distribution
activity taken care of automatically without the cost of the Fidelity
administrative armature. He'd still drive a multi-billion dollar fund. His
customers would still hold shares of Magellan. However, those customers
would be doing business with an automated digital cash transaction server,
which would take their money or redeem their digital shares of Magellan for
it's current market value following whatever redemption criteria exist in
the funds prospectus and deposit agreement.
The disbursement/concentration code's already there in Sybase and on the
Heavy Iron (yes, it's still there...).  The user interface just needs
changing. With a digital cash transaction server, there is no need to train
a cast of thousands of clean-scrubbed young econ majors to answer the
phone. (Fidelity Joke: "Camp Fido. It's a great place to work if you're
parents can afford to send you there.")  Grove's Law tells us the iron
keeps getting smaller.  So, our Lynch-analog could (in theory) have a small
cash transaction server handling his client relations while spent his time
looking out the window at Marblehead, at his Quotron-replacement, or at his
collection of Ren-n-Stimpy cartoons.
With e$, the capital markets could still operate the way they always do,
but with more functionality. The growth of communications technology
originally allowed financial information to move more quickly.  Then,
centralized information technology allowed transactions to be processed
more quickly. Finally, distributed information technology allowed decisions
to be made more quickly.  The increased functionality contributed by strong
crypto enables decision-making ability to be pushed out of investment firms
and onto the network, the same way that automated switching technology
created more more nodes in the telephone network.
Here's how that could happen. Most serious individual equity investors know
what p/e ratios and book values are, and what they mean.  Software can
allow them to understand and manipulate fixed-income concepts like
duration, convexity and total return. This means that people can do more
and more sophisticated things with their money and get better returns.
The first limitation for sophisticated individual transactions is small
transaction size. However, it's possible to see how if they're trading on
their own, investors could take "physical" delivery of e$-based investment
instruments. A person's "portfolio" could consist of various "securities"
physically resident on a storage medium that they physically control.
Because of the automation of transactions allowed by this kind of "physical
delivery", the minimum certificate sizes could come down for the most
common securities.
For uncommon securities or market strategies, it is possible to envision
the ability to anonymously concentrate large purchases of various
positions, much in the way odd-lot trades are consolidated in the equity
markets today.
The second limitation is the ability to securely communicate these
transctions with the markets. I suppose that's a straw man to those on this
list, but as you've probably guessed, this is the most important part.
Strong crypto allows you to send money and money equivalents over the
network with the confidence that it doesn't get waylayed.  Thats *real*
important for the efficient function of capital markets. ;-).
I bet that the roles of the really important players in the capital markets
won't really change much. Portfolio managers still function like editors.
They add value by synthesizing information.  The people on the sell side,
the investment bankers, securitizers, and pool-builders, etc. all still
create securities so that markets can cope with technological change in
information technology. (A charitable way of looking at *those* guys,
The thing that holds this all together is strong encryption and it's
various offspring, including digital cash and other forms of e$.
This crypto-stuff has a lot of really spiffy applications in finance and
financial operations. I *love* this place....
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-20 14:08:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Majordomo 
Was it my breath, or did Majordomo go down again?
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-21 15:04:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Geodesic Securities Markets 
Flame bait alert.  Those of you who "know this already" (or know who's
posting ;-)) hit your spacebar (or down-arrow, whatever) now.
When it rains, it pours.
I've been yammering about e$ to another one of my UofC friends for a while
now.  He's ABD (all but dissertation) in Physics, repeated the process in
Finance, spent some time at First Boston and now builds asset/liability
software for insurance companies.  He'll remain nameless, 'cause if he
wants to fess up for his part in this craziness, he can do it himself.
Recall I'm screwing around with business models for e$ financial entities,
and how I talked about how the crypto-security it requires makes the funds
transfer system more granular and the network it lives in more geodesic.
Definition of geodesic network: a network where nodes (switches) become
more prevalent than lines (lines :-)) the opposite of pyramidal or
hierarchical, where the opposite holds. (From Peter Huber's "The Geodesic
Network", 1987, U.S. Government Printing Office)
So I'm swapping OJ jokes with this guy, and he says, "I've been thinking
about how this electronic money stuff makes brokerage firms disappear".
And I blurt, "like I did with banks!", and I sent him my last e$ screed,
about how to make demand deposits obsolete with digital cash ;-).  We
gibbered at each other for an hour or so, and here's how *he* made
*brokerage firms* go away...
The primary reasons for a brokerage account are 1.) safety, to protect your
securities from theft.  2. To be able to trade those securities
conveniently, by keeping them in "street name",  3.  only brokerage firms
can trade in the capital markets, because the markets are a giant
"web-of-trust", to quote someone around here.
Strong crypto accomplishes 1, and e$ protocols make 2 and 3 meaningless.
Without boring you folks too much, trades are executed by brokerage firms
for their clients in the market, where buyers and sellers are matched.  The
trades are  given to clearing houses, which are like banks, but hold
nothing but stock.  The clearing houses swap book entries around and then
notify the corporation that the stock was sold so the company know who the
new stockholder is.  The reason this can happen is because your stock is
actually held at the clearinghouse in the name of your brokerage.  You've
signed paper somewhere allowing all this to happen.  Otherwise you have to
take physical delivery of your securities, and re register them in street
name when you want to sell them, which takes time and money to do.  Your
time and your money.  Most people don't take physical delivery as a result.
They just leave it at the brokerage in street name.
If you remember the last post, you can see where I'm going with this.
Strong crypto allows the reinstitution of physical delivery.  Well, the
electronic analog of it, anyway.  Instead of keeping a security at a
broker's account in a clearinghouse, a stock "certificate" is issued by the
clearinghouse to the buyer immediately at the time of sale.  Instead of
keeping brokerages' securities on account and swapping accounting entries,
the clearinghouse acts more as an officiator, "blessing" the trade, and
notifying the corporation of the change in its ownership, etc.  Like
digital cash, No one can steal your certificate or use it if they do, and
if you're backed up, you might as well have it in Fort Knox...
Okay. Those are points 1 and 2 from above.  Point 3 is where we wave our
hands a bit.   Unless I'm beaten senseless by arcana, it seems to me that
every kind of securities market (including the electronic ones!!) from the
specialist system to open outcry can be done on line.  (In cyberspace no
one can hear your open outcry ).  The important question here is,
_who trades?_.  It seems pretty obvious to me that if you can prove you own
a security, you should be allowed to trade it.  Since you have taken
"physical" (metaphysical???) delivery, if *you* can't prove ownership, no
one can.
Notice this system allows for position traders, arbitrageurs, portfolio
managers, investment bankers, equity and fixed income salesmen (who buy
inventories of securities and resell them to their clients at a spread for
the information), and lots of other current players in the
In addition, it blows the doors off the role of the brokerage firm as the
gatekeeper to the capital markets.
It also creates a menagerie of other financial creatures and entities...
To quote the famous Dr. Emil Lizardo, "It make-a the ganglia twitch!"
My pal says that these protocols could help in derivatives markets, where
securing ("insuring?") instruments is a problem...When I get that out of
him, in a form that I can understand, I'll write it up and kill more
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-21 16:33:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Geodesic Securities Markets 
I don't really want to thrash this out point by point, but I will anyway ;-).
Agreed. And?
No, but buyers of a specific security might want to buy those securities
from those who hold them...  Could you elaborate on your comment, please?
Unless it is a stock, bond, derivative, call option, etc.  Most of which
are "held" in offsetting book entries at brokerage houses, banks, and
clearinghouses. If it's not kept there, then you need a certificate of some
sort (though I'm hard pressed to have heard of a certificate for a call
option, say), which might as well live on a hard drive as a desk drawer. I
guess I was saying that it could be that a "certificate" on a hard drive
was as tradeable, as "liquid"? as book entry in a clearinghouse.
I thought I did say that people like portfolio managers, anal(ah, I
*didn't* say *analysts* back there... OK. There.  I said "analysts")lysts,
investment bankers etc., still played their usual roles.
For example, a market analyst essentially sells his time to a brokerage
house to write reports on securities.  Those reports are then "sold" to the
brokerage's customers in exchange for brokerage fees.  They don't have to
work for brokerage houses any more, even. In the institutional markets, it
is now a common practice for some percentage of a commission to go on a
soft-dollar basis to third party analysts for their work.  (There was a
time 10 years ago or so where portfolio managers were getting *junkets* to
investment "seminars" in tropical locations on soft-dollars.  They don't do
that much anymore, I'm told.)  In an e$conomy, you sell your reports
direct.  Newsletter writers do it already.
Our "Peter Lynch" (forgive me Mister Lynch, I take your name in vain)
successor sitting in Marblehead would do some background e$ transaction to
have the report stuck on the screen of his trusty UltraPowerMac VXXI (next
to a Ren-N-Stimpy rerun) as soon as it came out.
In that case, as we said before, the mutual fund is where the investment
advice, the "editing" *is* being purchased.  But if an individual, or even
a professional trading his own money for his own profit, wanted to trade,
he only need put up one of two things to do so.  Money if he's buying, of
the securities if he's trading. In either case you don't really need a
brokerage firm for that...
Thanks Perry.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-22 08:46:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Geodesic Securities Markets 
Perry Metzger says,
Agreed. I do want to talk my buddy about derivatives, however, because he
seems to think that there are ways that e$ protocols could help. Of course,
he didn't tell me in any way I could understand...  I think it had to do
with the authentication of e$ instruments, proving you are who you say you
are and you have what you say you have.  A WAG: Maybe zero-knowlege stuff
has something to do with this?
However, like you say it's easy to see how IBM could issue its own shares
directly into a geodesic market; maybe even a company could do it's own
IPO, with the right rules...
When you think about it that way, an investment banker could "sign" an
issue (for a fee...), to vouch for it. After all, using that kind of
"protocol" on large well established companies is what kept Morgan partners
in wood walls and leather wing-back chairs from the time of Glass-Stegall
all the way up until the early 70's. In the IPO markets, that's what
Hambrecht & Quist does (did? ;-)). The technology changes, but the practice
would be the same in a geodesic market. I mean, there's the risk of
underwriting the security, but that's pretty much nonexistant these days
anyway, and with some modification of the shelf registration idea, a
company could "underwrite" it's own offering. Of course when you're
underwriting yourself, the term "underwriting" ceases to have meaning,
It seems to me that the issue of capital concentration could be taken care
of by the mutual fund analog I used before, the portfolio manager in
Marblehead with an e-cash / fund "certificate" exchanger.  The restriction
of transaction size in the markets is still there, though it might be that
the economies of scale would diminish a bit, reducing that required
transaction size...
The whole idea of avoiding trusted entities is what the DigiCash algorithm
is about, right? e$ itself in proper form is proof it is what it says it
is. Just like it's possible to spot counterfeit money. It's a pointer to
some other stuff, but it can be moved around much better than the stuff
it's denominated in, or the market wouldn't create that particular form of
I'm not entirely sure we disagree, Perry. e$ protocols are just pointers
(with teeth) to the actual stuff being traded. e$ (cash, mutual fund
shares, cocoon futures) has to be issued by somebody and it has to be
convertable into something else to be of any use at all.
To take one business model that we've pretty much killed, it's easy to see
how someone could plug the ATM network into one end of a DigiCash server,
and pay out DigiCash to customers on the internet, using encrypted card
swipes and PIN numbers for authorization.  Banks are necessary in that
scenario, because the money the digicash was issued for has to be held in a
bank by the issuer, whoever that may be ;-)... Or maybe the issuer buys
t-bills (safely) and keeps the interest. Maybe the issuer charges a nominal
transaction fee for the conversion from one side of the gateway to another.
The money doesn't just disappear or get created.  Only governments (or
lending institutions) get to do that (both ways, in the case of Uncle Sam).
Yes.  There will still be a need for *some* demand deposits. There will be
a need for *some* brokerage accounts. The timescale is certainly nebulous
here. But I think that like most successful new technology a superset of
the old capital market structure gets created. We still walk, but we fly
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-22 10:33:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Geodesic Securities Markets 
Forgive me for *ever* doubting you...
Perry Metzger says,
I know It's Not the Point, but I got curious anyway ;-). After all, I
haven't been near a brokerage cage in 10 years (NIDS was big stuff back
then), and I thought maybe it's time to learn how the world really works
these days... So I called DTC, the Depository Trust Corporation, on Water
St. in Manhattan, the Mother of all Securities Clearinghouses.
After about five transfers, I talked to a very nice lady in underwriting.
She said they really *do* have bales of securities in a vault, and that
they have a program called FAST, where securities are stored in banks also.
However, she said that a growing number of securities are issued book
entry only.  Issues of up to $150 million can be issued on a *single*
certificate.  That certificate is held just like the other securities
issues, in a vault.
She said that like par value, physical delivery is becoming more and more
obsolete. That makes sense. Once a certificate is put into the vault at
DTC, it usually never leaves.  It might as well not be there at all.
Changes in ownership are reflected by offseting book entries. Ah, the
wonders of double-entry bookeeping.
Oddly enough, an e$ certification scheme reverses that paradigm. The book
entries disapear, the certificates proliferate, and the clearinghouse
becomes a referee, "blessing" the trade.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-22 12:06:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Geodesic Securities Markets 
Except those equities designated "Book entry only" issues, of course ;-).
I'm just wondering why not make them e$ certificates someday...
Ain't it a bitch...:-)
I'm *really* *not* making this up as I go along, but... If a clearinghouse
is "blessing" the trade they could still perform their function(??) of
notifying the corporation / issuer of a change in it's ownership.  The
"pointers" to the security just get swapped around... Uncle Sam still gets
to know who owns what.
However, it's possible under this scheme to have anonymous ownership, too.
If it were legal, of course...
While this thread is starting to look more like crypto-enabled and less
like actual crypto, I'm still thrashing this stuff around on my own.  My
crew figures there's some business in here somewhere.  If anyone wants to
yak about it with me off-line, let me know.... *I'm* having fun...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-22 16:31:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Unofficial Release 
jamiel (Jamie Lawrence) says,
Like a lot of bright people on this list, Perry doesn't like to repeat
himself too much.  Like a lot of other people on this list, he gets grouchy
when the ritalin wears off...
(Damn, I can't find it *anywhere*.  Excuse me, there's a tongue around here
somewhere... ah.  There it is. It's now in my cheek, see?  A joke. Levity,
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-22 16:59:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Geodesic Securities Markets 
Sandy Sandfort says
Well, yes. You're right. In a sense.
However, in this scenario, it is possible for the clearing house to operate
more like a, since "referee" didn't work before, how about "notary", with
an official cc: to the security's issuer. The issuer could keep books, if
it was important (as Perry said a while back, the Feds would have to have a
"confirm", so someone would keep records of the transaction).  Of course,
the parties to the trade could keep their books, too.
On the other hand, if, like those famous asian anonymous equity markets we
heard about (from Eric?) there's no recording requirement (assume a
frictionless waterbed ), very interesting things can happen.  All the
new owners of the security care about is the ability to sell it later, or
collect interest from the payer of any interest, etc. All the sellers want
is cash.  My contention is that the sellers can get cash in a market by
presenting the e$-based certificate. Cashing out interest "coupons" from
the issuer happens in the same fashion.
Perry had a point a while back.  This is cryptography based, but not
cryptography, and most c-punks are probably skipping this thread. I'm
*really* interested in this stuff, and will talk to all comers about it,
off-line.  A couple of people have already sent me e-mail to start the ball
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-06-27 17:01:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Brits propose internet voting 
The brits have the "american" disease, only they've done us one better.
I just got through listening to the BBC World Service.  It seems that some
official commission or other over there proposed the Information
Infrastructure thang with a couple of twists: polling and elections.  They
said that they could save mucho dinero by having people vote from home.
Looks like someone over there did their crypto homework...
Even cited Mr. Bill's (Clinton, not Gates) email address as a Good Thing.
What's next, er gov? Seriously, they couldn't be talking about this election thing unless they
knew it was possible (no star wars flames, please).  I wonder who put the
bug in their ear?  If anyone finds a copy of this report online (fat
chance, I bet) let me know.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-01 15:03:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: What motivates crypto-folk? 
God. What I do when the brain's offline.  I'm looking at my wife's copy of
this month's Harvard magazine, which is about, of all things, trees.  It
seems that
the american chestnut used to be a great big tree. Remember the doggerel
about the spreading chestnut tree and the smithy?  Anyway, at the turn of
the century an imported fungal disease killed all the chestnut trees to the
ground.  Someone in the article is quoted as saying "...chestnuts are
continuing to sprout from the base and the tree is in the process of
becoming a shrub."
This apt metaphor is what I expect will happen to large organizations as a
result of hyperdistributed (ubiquitous) computer networks and strong
crypto.  Of course, like the "expectation" that extraterrestrial life
exists in the universe, it might as well be a religious tenent until we
actually see it happen. Having political discussions like this one only
gets us in the mood to make it happen if it's possible, but it certainly
don't make it so.
I don't think I could call myself a crypto-anarchist, even after that
somewhat hardline paragraph.  I call myself a "congenital republican".
That's inconsistent enough to keep my friends and family happy, and myself
gainfully employed.  What I realy think is my own business.
As usual, Tim is right.  This really isn't crypto.  It's just "about" crypto.
Bob "I ain't no Jainist, I just ate bugs(fleas?) for lunch" Hettinga ;-).
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-05 14:08:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: BoardWatch on digital cash 
I've been talking off line with people about business models for e$.
We have to deal with the fact that for most people privacy is not as big an
issue as it is for us.  There was a quote in MacWeek today to the effect
that 80% of the people are satisfied with 70% of the Mac's functionality,
and so they buy Windows.
With that in mind, here are three business models for discussion.
The Redmond Scenario: Here's a business model (not a new one either) which
has 70% of the functionality of DigiCash(tm), and that 80% of the people
will buy into. It works like those ATM terminals you see at grocery store
checkout counters now. But I think there's also way to hack into it a
DigiCash(tm) option later...
Attach a card-swiping peripheral to a PC. Use secure Mosaic or equivalent
as the transaction protocol. When someone buys something from a vendor, the
HTML form asks for a swipe in the reader and the customer's PIN. The latest
version of "Debbie Does Ft. Meade, LXIX" is then downloaded to the
customer.  The customer has just made a trusted-third-party "cash"
transaction.  Obviously, this for credit card transactions, too.  For a
"cash" transaction, the vendor's software sends a secure (vendor can't
tamper, either) message including card swipes and PINs for both the
customer and the vendor, crediting the vendor's account and debiting the
customer's account to an ATM gateway (probably sold to a bank as a
"drive-up window on the information superhighway") . Instant
transaction settlement. Not private.
The Cupertino Scenario:  This one of many right ways to do DigiCash(tm). It
achieves the same result (DDFM LXIX is sold) as the Redmond Scenario with
the same technology.  In this case, the ATM gateway sells (for some
combination of a spread and float interest on outstanding cash)
Digicash(tm) directly to the purchasers, just like physical ATM does with
paper cash at a shopping mall.  The transaction is done with a card swipe
and the cash is put on the customer's hard drive to be spent. Consumer uses
digital cash to buy DDFM LXIX. Vendor either keeps e$, or deposits with own
bank, or cashes it out with DigiCash(tm) issuer.
The Houdini (more lives than a cat, that Houdini...) Scenario. Just like
Redmond scenario but, in every transaction, the option is there to use
DigiCash(tm).  The reason the option is kept alive is that the bank (the
owner of the "drive up window") gets a *commission* on DigiCash(tm),
just like they do with Travelers' Checks.  If the customer pays with
DigiCash(tm), the swipe/PIN doesn't touch the vendor, it goes to the ATM
gate. e$ is issued to the customer and used to pay off the vendor, who
doesn't even have to have a bank account at this point, which "suitably
incentivizes" the vendor to maybe offer a discount, 'cause his costs are
lower. (Eric has killed me on this already, but I stand ready to be killed
for it again. Sigh)  Customers are "incentivized" by privacy, of course...
As I said to somebody offline a while ago.  The thing we don't want to do
is provoke an immune response from the banking system before we get
started.  I believe that there are all sorts of real good reasons the
banking community would like to do e$.  I think that we may have evolution
on our side here.  It seems to me that strong crypto transaction settlement
and e$ are the necessary and *sufficient* conditions for the kind of global
information economy that most people on this group believe is coming.
One of the things I thought about was the idea of a conference on internet
commerce, geared toward educating a smallish (100-150) business,
regulatory, and finance people about the technology and the potential of
e$.  I wrote up a bunch of dog-and-pony slides outlining an agenda and
potential speakers, and then the ritalin wore off. ;-). Nonetheless, I have
been doing a bunch of work for the World Trade Center in Boston lately
(where the air-conditioned part of MacWorld is held ;-)), and my client
referred me to a good conference planner.  If anyone wants to egg me on
about this, (I'm *not* asking for free work from *anyone*, I swear) e-mail
me.  I could use some moral support, at the least.
Would you like to share something, Tim? (jeez, I sound like I'm in a CR
Remember that Citicorp has been plugging home/telephone banking for years.
I also think that any regulatory response at this point will only cause the
kinds of "regulatory arbitrage" Eric has been talking about.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-06 18:35:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "Cypherpunk" vs. "Cryptorebel" 
[snippeta, snippeta]
Yeah. What he said.  "Cryptorebel" reminds me of "cryptofascist", which
reminds me of "Myra Breckenridge", for some reason.   ":-o
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-13 13:23:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The Glorious 1000-Year Kryptoreich 
Tim, don't you know you're only supposed to only *sip the punch* not chew
the little cactus buttons floating in it??
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-18 08:10:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The Detweiler Files on FTP 
a detweiler testicle says:
sheesh.  You folks weren't kidding about the "net.loon" stuff...
His self-reference in the third person says a lot more than he lets on, I
bet... But he's right, though, he *is* a conspiracy. ;-)^h^h^h (oops,
smiley detester present...).
On the other hand, how old is this guy? 12? I mean what do we really know
about him? Do these archives have anything on him besides his spam and the
resultant fusilades?  Has anyone actually met him? Not that I'd like to, I
I'm curious about this guy for no legitmate reason. He just seems bright,
and he must have done some crypto once. He is listed as a contributor on my
copy MacPGP, for instance, and before he started spamming it, his posts to
imp-interest could make sense on occasion. If this discussion is not
applicable to crypto (I can't imagine how it really could be) send me
e-mail, please.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-19 09:27:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Federal Control of Financial Transactions 
Yeah. What he said.  Arachno-Capitalism, anyone?
You have to be careful to use the analytic methods of the present (modern
financial concepts, for instance), to make informed guesses about the
future.  If you don't, and your analysis is clouded with a belief in the
efficacy of command economies, you start to see totalarians behind every
I think Eric put his finger on it before when he said something about not
demonizing the NSA. They were just wrong, and they were going to lose this
fight because the technology was stacked against them. "Reality is not
optional", to quote Thomas Sowell.
While I've been watching this discussion about manditory identity, I keep
remembering a couple of things I read a while ago.
The first was Gerard K. O'Neill's book "2081". Gerry was the Princeton
physicist whose undergraduate physics class started the space colonization
craze of the late 70's. In "2081", O'Neill had posited a world where, among
other things, everyone had micro-transponders. The ultimate nightmare of
free people everywhere.  Yet it had it's advantages. You could pick up
something and walk out of a store, and since the store's receivers knew who
you were and what you took, the item would be deducted from your bank
account. Phone calls would be routed to follow you wherever you went. If a
crime is committed, you have an alaibi.
I'm pretty sure most of you have heard about Xerox PARC's work in this
regard. There was an article in Scientific American about it a couple of
years ago. I even saw that Olivetti has begun manufacturing the smart
badges (transponders) upon which the technology hinges.
I expect that strong cryptology is the way to make this technology work so
that a person's freedom and privacy is actually enhanced.
The other thing I remember reading was an old Esther Dyson (Freeman Dyson's
daughter...synchronicity!) quote about the necessity for some kind of law
which made personal information the property of the person whose
information it was.
Again, I expect strong crypto and market mechanisms will evolve together to
enforce that legal claim at some point.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-19 11:46:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
(flashing philosophical credentials) :-P
All this stuff about existing in mind and existing in reality reminds me of
St. Anselm's proof of the existence of god (Hettinga's Hashed Layman's
Version 1.0(tm)):
1. Conceive of perfection.
2. You have just demonstrated that perfection can exist in mind.
3. It is more perfect to exist in mind and in reality
   than to exist solely in mind.
4. Define god as perfection.
5. Therefore god exists.
Now this Midieval brainbuster was pretty much beat to death sometime in the
Enlightment, though somebody respectable in the late 19th century (Frege?)
liked it a lot...
This GUT and P=NP thing smells awfully like scholastic bickering, don't ya
Just my (unmathematical) opinion...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-20 19:30:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Response to Duncan 
As usual, I'm putting my oar in where it's not wanted, but the only way I
can figure out how to keep money out of the tax rolls if you're an american
citizen is not to make it here in the first place, and that doesn't work if
you're too aggressive in hiding it from the Uncle.
Forbes seems to think most of this money won't come back.  Since the
corporations are foriegn domiciled, these people get to tell the Feds the
most plausible story. Thrashing my shaky memory of the Forbes 400, the
examples of these people are:
Arneson:  (Princess Cruise Lines) money made on ships flagged in Panama, a
known tax haven. Foriegn crews, for the most part. Americans pay mucho
dinero for booze cruizes aroun' de islands, mon.
The two guys who own Duty Free Stores, Inc. Billionaires. Shaking down
japanese tourists.  One is still an american citizen who flies coach.  The
other ran afoul of the IRS and now has Hong Kong citizenship.  Wonder what
he's going to do in a few years...
Marc Rich.  We know about him. BTW, his wife is in the process of suing him
for divorce, and may get half.  If she can prove what that is.
There was a guy in Texas who made a great big pile in Liberian flagged oil
tankers.  I think he's lost it all by now, though, and we know what
happened to Liberia, anyway.
There's another guy who got into container ships in a big way early.
American President lines, I think.  Like Arneson, he made most of his money
offshore with foreign flagged ships.
Rupert Murdoch.  I believe he's a U.S. citizen now.
Oh yeah.  My favorite. Mr. Soros. The man who made the fastest billion (4
months?) ever.  His corporation is domiciled in the Netherlands Antilles.
He's also foriegn born, and I'm not sure he's a citizen.
The point here is that Tim's right.  You have to take some serious chances
in order to keep your money out of Uncle Sam's hands.  Either you risk the
big fun of a piss-fight with the IRS taking known money out of the country,
or you have to take a chance and make your stash outside the border.  To do
that, you must invest that money with an uncertain return.  If you're in it
for income, which would seem to be Tim's goal right now (it would be mine
if I were in his shoes, anyway, he wants to do other things than play
financial cowboy), putting that money in high risk foreign ventures is not
a good idea.
I have no personal finance credentials to justify any of the above
opinions.  I just read too much and I have a big mouth.  I'll sit down and
shut up now.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-21 04:20:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Voice/Fax Checks 
This is exactly the problem we're having with identifying a market for
digital cash. There's no unique selling proposition besides privacy. There
are too many real good substitutes, like this one for checks. E-mail with
the above information in it can be encrypted and signed, and would be
secure enough to make a real good check in its own right. This is like my
favorite quote (in InforWorld) about Macs: "It seems that 85% of the market
will settle for 75% of a Macintosh."
By no means take this to mean that digital cash isn't going to make it.  I
figure all e$ now, including the encrypted check above, is kind of like
aviation was in the beginning.  It's really cool that that it works, we can
make some pretty good guesses as to its possible uses, but nobody's built
the "DC-3" which proves once and for all its commercial necessity.  I
expect that the only way to find out whether digital cash is gonna make it
on it's own is when someone risks a small pile and implements it.  Let the
devil take the hindmost, more guts than brains, and all that.  It looks
like maybe that's what Chaum and Co. is going to try to do, with this test
of theirs.  Has anyone out there been contacted about it yet?
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-21 09:43:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Voice/Fax Checks 
I've made this claim myself here before.  It's possible you're in a
position to verify it.  Can you?
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-21 10:04:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Voice/Fax Checks 
I'm looking forward to this. Gleefully.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-21 18:15:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "Key Escrow" --- the very idea 
I'm a congenital republican.
So do I.
[Plea for better key escrow removed]
I've never gotten into the Clipper discussion before now.  I've assumed
(somewhat lazily, I might add) that market forces would kill it, if nothing
else.  I am much more in other consequences of strong-crypto and global
public-access computer networks; e$ and all that...
I'm not so sure that wiretapping was ever a good idea, but the "private
life" of the technology which enabled it ensured its use. Like machine
guns, nuclear weapons and semi-automatic firearms, weapons (wiretapping is
as surely a weapon as any of the above) will be used.  Fortunately,
counter-weapons arise.
Gentlemen didn't read each other's mail because they couldn't do it
practically. Telephony and signals intellegence changed that. People found
that they could, and they did it. Now the technological pendulum has swung
back to the days where letters were sealed in wax with unique seals.
I would like to propose, probably not the first time on this list, an
acceptable, time-honored method of determining the contents of a secure
conversation.  Snitches.
That's they used before wiretaps, and it seemed to work well enough then.
A contempt of court citation for refusing a warranted search seems strong
enough to handle the rest of a government's prosecutory urges.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-21 22:02:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Voice/Fax Checks 
Chaum's going to do a full-blown internet demo real soon now, but the topic
of this thread (faxed account, ABA etc) is being done right now, right
out of the box.  There are the various "net.malls" on the net out with
secure mosaic credit card transactions.  A guy just said he made his first
sale (encrypted receipts and all) and we pooh-poohed him 'cause he didn't
tell us anything we didn't already know. (We gotta be nicer to these guys,
To mutate what I said in the previous post in this thread, 85% of the
people will settle for 75% privacy.  If there's something to buy, and they
can do an honest transaction and get the stuff they buy without being
ripped off, then they probably don't care who's looking over their
shoulder. Privacy will probably never be a selling point.  Privacy will
probably be an outflow of the need for e$, not vice versa. At this point I
may have a quasi-religeous faith that the key to the adoption of e$ is that
e$ reduces transaction costs, but we don't have any data to back it up.
As someone who's been thrashing this a little bit, I've gotten stuck on
exactly how to "*undercut*" the transaction costs of existing methods.  Got
any ideas?  Are those transaction costs as a percentage of total cost
meaningful enough to embue digital cash with the rocket-like competitive
advantage we hope for?
I don't have answers to these questions. I challenge you to come up with
that analysis without a working system to benchmark your assumptions
against.  Mr. Solman, who seems to have pre-announced an agent based system
with e$ "ticks" like in telescript, has my devoted interest at this point,
but until there's some actual data, we're only speculating.
BTW, I agree with you that Crypto mail isn't convenient. I still don't use
PGP because it's way too much trouble to screw around with, and I bet
doughnuts to dollars (Perry can hold the stakes.  He's a wagering man
;-)...) that the Mac PGP I have is easier to mess with than any version on
any other machine. But, as I said above, you don't need secure email to move e$ around. Secure
mosaic will do just fine.  I used email in the section you quoted because
it's the simplest protocol conceptually, and I'm sorry you got tripped up
in it.
Light dawns on Marblehead. (Massachusetts joke).  Isn't the point of
digital cash that you *can* send it through unsecure mail and buy things?
Perry, I want my bag of doughnuts back. No need to have a "mine is better
than yours" bet after all.
I really should just go to sleep now...
Good Night,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-22 12:55:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: a long enough lever... 
This is kind of like the "internet drive-up window" ATM gateway idea my
cronies and I were throwing around.  The funds transfer happens between the
vendor and buyer's banks through an ATM/internet gate, probably owned by a
bank. The WWW/secure mosaic "wallets" and "cash registers" would be given
I keep insisting that an ATM gate offer the option of ecash in the
transaction, with us as the underwriter of the cash, even though my more
"practical" associates offered your rationale for not doing it...
They seem to be winning the argument at the moment. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-24 08:53:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: 
Hate to pick nits here, but isn't the acquisition and use of a public key
"teaching" your machine to read Tim's "language"?
Holmes and Blackstone are probably spinning in their graves (in
counterrotation, to boot).
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-25 20:09:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Spamorama:  Downtown Anywhere 
If you're not interested in yet another e-commerce vendor, delete away.
My POP newsgroup just put this up.  Looks like CommerceNet has some
competition.  These folks claim that they're doing something different
from secure mosaic.
I'm going web diving in DA now, and I'll tell you what I find out.

@_date: 1994-07-25 20:17:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: NetBank 
There's an outfit called NetBank, which is selling e-cash-like *certificate
numbers*, through a dial-up BBS on a 900 line, in any denomination you
want, which you can e-mail to vendors to buy stuff with. In fact all the
interactions with the bank (deposits, breaking "bills" into smaller
denominations, etc.) are done with switch codes in e-mail.
It's extremely ungainly, and it looks userous too, to the extent that they
charge 20% (each way?) to cash you in and out.  I hoovered out all the
stuff in their infobot (netbank-info and I really haven't
plowed through it all yet. If you folks are interested I'll summarize it
for the group and/or redirect my dumpster-divings on the subject to you
individually in e-mail. Just let me know. 'Course you're welcome to play
with their infobot yourselves, I suppose ;-).
It looks like someone did some serious work on this, folks. That's just a
philosophy major from Missouri talking, of course.  I wonder who they are?
I heard some discussion about them here, but I can't seem to find the
thread in my e$ article stash....
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-26 09:58:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Steve Winter Declares War in Cyberspace 
uh, Ray?...
You just sent mail, cc'd to cypherpunks, so he knows where we are for
spamming purposes, to what appears to be king-hell spammer of the
The original posting seems to be from someone who was warning us about him,
and included it as a public service for reference purposes, though I'm not
sure what it has to do with the cypherpunks' charter...
Sending a reply to that vitriol back to the list probably won't do any harm
(you may get ribbed for not reading the headers in the message, maybe), but
sending it to *him* with a "cc:cypherpunks on the message might
have been a bad idea, yes?
Pissfights with Detweiller about the central purposes of this list were bad
enough, but a fundamentalist jihad we probably don't want.
Be careful with that "reply to all" function...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-27 08:58:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Oh, No, Mr. Bill! 
I had a nightmare last night. I sat bolt upright in bed at about 3:45 am,
and the only thing I could remember from the dream was an ad which looked
Headline: If it's good enough for government work, it's good enough for you.
[Software box in the middle]
(looked like an Access or Word, or Excel box)
Tagline:    MS Escrow(tm): All the privacy we think you need.
Apologies to those MSerfs out there. I can't control my (hyperactive)
imagination sometimes...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-30 09:27:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "Just say 'No' to key escrow." 
Oddly enough, they're discussing the use of a modified version of Orbital
Sciences' Pegasus launcher.  It currently uses a B-52 to carry the rocket
to ~40K ft., and then lets it go on up to LEO.  However, there's no reason
they can't use a 747 as the "first stage". 747's are newer and cheaper and
easier to maintain, and the result would be private enterprise from the
ground up.
At the risk of sounding like pollyanna, we may again be seeing fascists
behind every Bush(?) here...  Yet, conducting a public awareness campaign,
in the shrillest possible terms, against SKE (or more properly, government
mandated SKE) is a very good idea.  It's easy to separate the two on a
conceptual basis, and we should.
Conspiracy theories about collusion between governments and big business,
no matter how monopolistic those businesses, usually don't wash.  Economic
institutions really can't keep secrets for very long these days, especially
secrets with significant economic impact. While I believe that they
probably try, it's a little like pissing in the wind (if you're looking for
the proper middle-class white northern european unconciousness-raised male
metaphor ;-).
However, I have to admit people do stupid things for uneconomic reasons.
Windows is living proof of that.  Microsoft offering a "security" package
with SKE in it to their most lucrative market (Large, Hieropatriarchical,
Semi-ossified, Ex-industrial Corporations), is very plausible without any
collusion with the uncle necessary.  Us howling like banshees about it
makes real sense in that light.  LHSECs really hate it when people howl at
them like like banshees.
Exhortatory prose (and action) about manning the barracades against SKE
makes sense. Conspiracy theories will probably make potential allies laugh.
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-31 13:58:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Crypto Takes a Holiday (NYET, Children, etc.) 
[remove reflective headgear, cough, adjust nomex underwear, blow whistle..]
Good afternoon.
Having just percipitated an accidental thread on rockets, I'm not one to
talk, really. That's never really stopped me before, of course...
However, if someone could tell me a direct relationship between strong
crypto and parental values, control of one's offspring, evangelical
christianity, and other inherent Rights of Mankind(tm), I would greatly
appreciate it...
Bob Hettinga
[check respirator, pull down headgear, resume position behind corrigated
steel barricade]
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-07-31 19:13:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Takes a Holiday (NYET, Children, etc.) 
Damn. Every time I put on that asbestos suit, Tim brings out the napalm....
Tim, you just made my point. It makes the whole thread moot, and any
participation in what appears to be a holy war about it for other reasons
(like thrashing someone theologically) is a waste of time.
Just like Tom Paine, you're reducing things to extremes, Tim. Useful when
providing the ideological motivation for a particular political action, but
not helpful in a jihad between people who are allies on any other
significant topic of discussion on this list.
Mr. Zooks can't help but believe what he does because it's a logical
consequence of his deeply-held religion. Mr. Duvos' strong belief in the
evils of Fun-damn-mentalism, while laudible in my *personal* opinion, seems
to prevent him from ignoring an opportunity to thrash anybody with those
beliefs. Neither one of them is as comical as you portray them.
My point is, we shouldn't perpetuate the brawl on the field by clearing the
benches in solidarity with our theological soulmates.
Yes, and I believe there are at least a dozen newsgroups out there where
this kind of ideological warfare can be played out, keeping the s/n ratio
here in better shape.
A slow news day on the list is not a good excuse to keep the bandwidth
allocated with a pissing match about who's religious paradigm is bigger.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-01 11:52:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: GAK 
I believe you'll find that substance in the OED under: "GACK, n., 1.)
putrid excrescence used as a visual emetic for prepubescent american
television viewers. 2.) a rational human's response to american republican
platform planks regarding abortion since 1980, 3.) the sound made when
civil libertarians contemplate any cryptographic scheme using government
access to keys (see GAK)"
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-02 14:57:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SpamlessPointer: Internet Shopkeeper 
In the interest of spam-less info citations, please check out the posting
in biz.comp.services for "Internet Shopkeeper", which allows people to set
up their own internet malls (mini-malls already???), not just buy a shop in
someone else's mall.
No mention about transaction security in their post, really.
I have a copy if anyone misses it.
When I get some time, I'll put on my dumpster diving outfit and see what I
can find out.  If you get there before I do, share all...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-03 17:14:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mall-builders are hiring... 
Saw this rooting around for contracts to do.
Aren't these guys the mall-builders for CommerceNet?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-06 15:30:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
I'll bite. I think that practically the only thing holding digital cash
back at this point is pure and simple hucksterism. The whole concept of e$
(shorthand for e-money, with apologies to other currencies) should be
promoted more.  People who Really Work for a Living in Finance should be
educated about the potential impact of strong crypto on money.  There was a
comment from Perry a while back which hit home with me. He said:
Now, that makes sense to me.  It would go a long way towards legitimizing
e$ and strong crypto if a largish bank put up a pilot project where they
were exchanging, that is, making a secondary market in, real e$; maybe even
DigiCash(tm).  Ethier they or someone else could actually underwrite it,
because you have to have both to make the market exist.
Having heard what Eric has said about potential regulatory problems, I
think that most of them are inadvertant obstacles, because they certainly
weren't put there to obstruct e$, which didn't exist when they were
written.  I think if a reasonable (i.e. not illegal) business case were put
to the regulators, they would (as usual) conform to whatever business
interests want.
I think that in order for the above to happen, some softening up of the
targets has to occur. I understand that there are people on this list who
are interested in selling seminars on strong crypto to the finance
community.  What about doing that in the context of a conference program to
a larger audience?  Get some famous heavies in the business world and in
cyberspace to salt the conference flyer with.  A certain EFFer comes to
mind, among others who may be sympathetic to e$.  Invite mostly
businesspeople, preferably those in finance and finance operations, but
also regulatory/political types. Teach them what e$ is and how it works.
In return, e$vangelists can learn what questions their potential market
actually need to have answered before e$ will be real.  Maybe a deal or two
happens, who knows?
Repeat the process every year or two, but start the first one off as a
"ground school" in the fundamentals.
This thing doesn't have to be affiliated with the cypherpunks list any more
than the original Computer Faire was affiliated with the Homebrew Computer
I wrote up an agenda when I was in the throes of the idea, and it's
somewhere around here (I *know* it is...). Off the top of my head, I
figured there'd be a schmooze reception the evening before, a brief primer
on strong crypto and e$ in the morning, a schmooze luncheon (with speaker),
a "where do we go from here" panel populated with business heavies in the
afternoon, and a schmooze reception (with product demos, if any) in the
evening to close.
Notice it's very heavy on the schmooze. I challenge you to do huckster
without lots of schmooze...
This is not to be a volunteer effort. People who worked on this would get
paid.  The conference wouldn't happen if the attendance numbers weren't
there. The participants will pay somewhat serious money to attend, and they
will be interested in making money with the information obtained and
contacts made at the conference.
I'm pretty sure I want to do this one. I'd like to do it on this coast
(Boston) because the money's over here, anyway, and there's still some
technology over here that hasn't been made obsolete in the Bay Area.
Besides, the east coast's halfway to Amsterdam, right? (yeah, I know, so's
So. Does anyone have any pointers?
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-06 15:51:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mr. Bill wants you! 
It seems that Microsoft is hiring a "Program manager for Electronic Commerce".
I just saw it in misc.jobs.offered:
Oh Boy.
You cannot resist the Dark side of the Force, Luke...
Lots of "or"s and not many "and"s in that requirements punchlist though...
Usual apologies to MSerfs,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-06 19:29:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
We've chased each other around a tree like this one before... Let's see
what the differences are this time. I've been doing some thinking about
Anonymity can come out of retail settlement of e$, if the transactions
aren't tracked.  We've talked here before about how you think that the
tracking of those transactions at the retail level is pretty trivial, so
the cost to the user of traceable e$ may be meaningless.  I'm not so sure
that that's the case, and I think (I hope!) I remember Perry agreeing with
me on that point. But if we fiat the argument just to see where it takes
us, we come to the sheer volume of transaction records themselves.
Is it possible to accurately estimate the cash transaction load of an
economy?  I bet that if we could, you'd see that the data from each
transaction would cause the problem news servers have by several orders of
magnitude.  The information would get dumped pretty frequently.  This is
probably the same problem the NSA has now picking out signals to listen in
on, but running down an audit trail is different, it's a historical
process.  Since you don't know whose transactions you need, you need to
keep them all. True, this doesn't keep TLAs from trying trying to drink
from a firehose, or more to the point, to free-dive to the bottom of the
Marianas Trench (if they could keep all of the data), or high-dive into a
wading pool (if they couldn't). Hmmm...
When *every* business transaction can be scrutinized (as much as physically
possible, per above) at any time, for any reason the government deems
necessary, it makes a sizable business case *for* traceable electronic
cash.  This is probably the place to put the lever on the business
Non-recorded transactions exist already. It's keeping them from
dissapearing that we're really talking about here.
It's quite possible to get banks to present a united front.  They have one
of the largest lobbies in Washington.  They have fought reporting
requirements tooth and nail with some considerable success, but every time
they get greedy (S&Ls) the noose tightens.  It might be the threat of
international deployment and regulatory arbitrage which brings them around,
and fires up the lobbying apparatus on our side of the issue.  It has
worked before (gold, et.al.). On the other hand if those reporting
requirements are frictionless, they don't *need* to fight it, do they...
It's time to leave the ring.  Somebody tag me.  My brain hurts...
Now to plug the topic of the thread a bit, how receptive would people in
the crypto community be to participating in an annual dog&pony/schmoozefest
for the suits?  Who should chair the morning "primer" session?  *E-mail* me
with your ideas, everyone.
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-06 19:52:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
Where you stand on this one depends on where you sit. ;-). It seems to me
that one could just as easily treat digicash as securities denominated in
dollars, just like shares in a money market mutual fund, or more to the
point, the actual money market instruments, repos, for instance. It's going
to take a sophistical titan to get this through the courts, but if there's
a market for digicash, hey, it can happen.  It won't happen if this titan's
employers never hear about it, though.
Indeed. This is probably where we have a problem.  The only thing I can
think of here is that the technology of the internet and it's limitless
opportunity for regulatory arbitrage.  When you make the possession of a
medium of exchange illegal you get the same problems that all closed
economies have.  With the internet, enforcement is half next to useless (an
expression I picked up in Albuquerque a while back...).  Like I said to
Eric in the last post, it may be the threat of regulatory arbitrage that
wins the day here, like it has in the past.
To plug the thread a bit here, who should chair the afternoon
business-heavy session? *Email* me your suggestions, please...
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-07 08:07:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
Ahh. Perry to the rescue. This is even better than being technologically
impossible.  Economic impossibility is *just* as physical (I cite the
failure of command economies like the USSR and Cuba as my evidence) as is
technology, and since we're looking for a business case here, your reply
comes in at the nick of time. One more point for regulatory arbitrage. That
"several percent" deducted from the gross domestic product of a nation
could tip the balance of it's international competitiveness, and could
forgo that country's requirement for trapdoor ecash.  The threat of that
could be enough to shoot down the idea on this side of the American border.
Parkinson's law holds that organizations like bureaucracies tend to expand
to use all their available resourcess. But it's a law of biology that a
parasite doesn't kill its host.
Does your Forbin project above include the ability to store and retrieve
*all*  transactions down to a quarter phonecall permanently?
ObThreadPlug: Here's my panel categories for the afternoon "where do we go"
session: Chair: Famous Software/Biz Heavy or TechnoVisionary 1. Internet
access provider, 2. Underwriter, 3. Financial Operations Person, 4.
Regulator or Lawyer, 5. Politician. Any other ideas??
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-07 08:07:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
This reminds me of my criminology class in college.  The prof's main point
was that there is no crime, particularly organized crime.  It is all just
illegal business. There was some research done in Seattle in the early
60's.  The researchers discovered that practically every business could be
found to be breaking a serious law in Seattle's byzantine city code.
Vending machines were illegal, for instance. This allowed cops to shake
down anyone they pleased.  It also allowed a sizable criminal class to
exist, because those people just paid the cops and went about their
business.  There was reason to believe that all this was done on purpose to
enhance the income of various politicians at the top of the payoff tree. Of
course, vending machines were everywhere, particularly in cash-based
businesses like resturaunts and bars.
This could be extended to people in the main business district as well.
Their "fees" may not be so much outright bribes, but campaign
contributions, "donations" to a politician's favorite charity or civic
event, investments in a politician's business activities, and of course,
Democracy is in fact mob rule, with various Robbespierres guillotining
people to keep the crowd happy. Michael Milken was one of those people who
got it in the neck, not so much because what he did was wrong (it was) in
the eyes of the people who pulled him down, but because he was too good at
what he did and thought he could ignore the crowd. Hubris.
So, we have to include Mme LaFarge in our thinking.  I believe that legal
hacks are necessary, but not sufficient.  The economic necessity of ecash,
the business case, has to be demonstrated.  We can't really know whether it
will work unless it's tried.  We can't really do that until the "civic
authorities" let us put up the vending machines.  To do that, we need to be
able to incent their cooperation.  The possibility of profit furthers that
discussion enormously.  If regulatory agencies can be convinced to allow
non-bank banking ala Fidelity, and a multi-billion dollar industry can
result, than it might be possible to allow a non-treasury currency (with
proper controls of money supply, to keep Uncle Miltie happy) on the promise
of another multi-billion dollar industry.
In the above quote you're assuming that they aren't going to want ecash,
that they won't find plenty of excuses to allow it. The point is, we have
to make the bureaucrats *like* us.
The best way to get that to happen is to talk about the business e$ could
create.  It is a proven fact that sizable proportions of regulatory
officials leave their agencies for jobs in the markets they regulate.  If
there's to be a market on the other side of that revolving door, they have
to help us out a little.
It was ever thus. Columbus did it. Brahe did it. Oppenheimer did it.
Friedman did it with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. Hell, even Lysenko
did it and made it stick for 50 years even when the science was bogus.
Fortunately, we don't have our dear comrade, the "Man of Steel", to back us
Ever since I've been old enough to understand English, I've heard the
various libertarians and ultraconservatives in my family say that they had
Seen the Golden Age of America and It's Over Now.  I have no idea if they,
or you, are right about that. (Not to call you either of those political
labels, I know better.)
The Roman Empire mutated into the Holy Roman Empire (can you say
"Byzantine"?, I knew ya could) and lasted another 1000 years before it was
sacked by the Turks in the 1400's. People did business in Constantinople
the day the place burned; they were doing business there the day after it
If there's a market, there'll be a business. If there's a business there'll
be excess money (profits). If there's excess money, there'll be
politicians, elected or otherwise. However, it's a stupid parasite which
kills it's host, and that's what I'm counting on here.
Bob Hettinga
ObThreadRelevance:  Anyone have speaker/demo ideas for the morning "intro
to e$" session?
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-07 14:59:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
OK. Your question has two parts.  First, Eric, what exactly do you mean by
'nonbank notes'. Like the kind issued by corporations in the money markets,
or Amex Traveller's Checks?.
Second, we need a lawyer.  This is a good thing, 'cause a you can't hack
laws without a lawyer (most of the time, anyway...), and
(ObThreadRelevance) we need one to pitch this stuff to other lawyers
(regulators, et. al.) anyway...
In search of Vinnie "the Pro" Bono, honorable second cousin of the esteemed
mayor of Palm Springs,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-07 14:59:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
It really isn't to most of the individual banking entities' advantage for
interstate banking to exist because almost all of them would merged out of
existence. It isn't the regulators' fault; it's a wonder they got this far
as fast as they did, and that's primarily because the foriegn markets are
driving the regulators to it. Regulatory arbitrage. If there was a clearcut
financial advantage to interstate banking to First Podunk Bank and Trust,
it would have happened already.
Which, I believe, is the point of this thread.  It's time to shuck and jive
a bit.  If it can be demonstrably proved that a market exists, that there's
some boards of directors for those hoary old regulators to sit on in their
golden years, then there's a chance to make retail trade settlement a
reality.  You can't do that without a legimate test, and you can't get that
without mau-mauing the regulators some, eh?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-07 14:59:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
Ah, my Burroughsian hyperbole strikes again... Gotta get that AJ subroutine
One could accuse you wanting to get a "deductable junket" to Europe here
;-), and you might be right about doing it in London, but it seems to me
that to present a xenophobic argument to the American banking community,
it's best do to that on American soil.  Without sounding too parochial,
it's entirely possible to incite greed in the international markets with
leaving home.  I really want to get regulators into the same room, also.
The site I have in mind is six blocks from the Federal Reserve Building in
Boston.  Boston is, you understand, the fulcrum of the universe, even if
the long end of the lever finishes up somewhere about Berkeley...
I'm having fun now.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-08 05:46:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: CreditCard info 
We just had thread about that. I had brought up Gerry O'Neill's old book
"2081", which had a discussion of buying things by picking them up and
walking away with them (everything, including you, had an identifying
transponder).  There was some talk about Xerox PARC's work with
transponders in their "Ubiquitous Computing" office concept.
What I didn't understand was how to implement Esther Dyson's idea about
people owning all their personal information and protecting all that
"property" with strong crypto. Paradoxically, I bet both these ideas
(transponders and personal information as property through strong crypto)
can work together.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-10 05:48:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Cypherpunks Sell Concepts 
I posted this:
I got the following in e-mail from a law professor (shall we call him/her
"Professor Vinnie"?) who wants to remain nameless for some reason...
Somebody should teach "him" how to use a remailer, eh?  This person is
emblematic of all the usual interface problems with spiffy new stuff... Oh
well. The posting is late because of the time took me to get permission.
They should be a little faster next time. Here's what s/he said:
After I got this, I asked "him" to reply directly to the list, and "he"
replied declining to do so, the following is the only part of "his" reply
that is relevant to the above.
Great. We've got ourselves a lawyer in the loop who'll help us talk about
this stuff. I fingered "him"  and "he" looks real to
me.  Guess I have some reading to do about this anonymity stuff, eh?
Anyway, it's real nice to have another pair of (trained) eyes looking at
the problem.
Bob Hettinga
(Human remailer and mouthpiece mouthpiece)
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-14 12:04:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Economic Development of the Caribbean 
In article , francis (FRANCIS I've been interested in this for a long time.  I've started to form some
ideas about it, and here they are.
1. No effective public health system. (Not really socialized medicine, just    sanitation, epidemiology, etc.)
2. No educational infrastructure.
3. Monopolistic control of political structures.
4. Monopolistic control of critical markets.
The above are interrelated, thus the ranking is only superficial. As
island states with few resources, the nations of the caribbean can't
afford to have political and economic monoculture. Small islands with few
resources (Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan and the British Isles) must trade
or die. Uniparty states, with sweetheart deals to extract resources and
ship them away, tend to make their people poorer, unless there's an
extreme premium on the resource (oil, guano, etc).
Brunei, where the sultan owns everything and is the country's the richest
in the world anyway (per capita) is a great example of being able to
"afford" monopolistic political and market control.  They have enormous
oil reserves with which to pay for all the eggregious excesses of the
government/theocracy, and still have lots left over for education, public
health, and universal health access. It's interesting to think that that's
pretty much what Fidel did in Cuba. His "premium resource" was a strategic
position 90 miles off of Florida that was very very valuable to the USSR.
Life gets better someplace only as the life expectancy goes up.  This is
called the Demographic Transition, and it is marked by a sharp decline in
population growth as life expectancy crosses 50 years. People won't have
children as a substitute for retirement pensions when they can see that
they will be healthy enough to take care of themselves for most of their
whole life. Children become a want rather than a need, and population
growth tapers off.  Most of the USA's population growth comes from
immigration. Singapore has state-sponsored latin dance classes to get
their citizens interested in having families earlier. (Go figure) The quickest way to drive up life expectancy is through public health. If
people won't die from malaria or typhus or cholera or diptheria, or river
blindness, or whatever, because their water's clean, and their wastes
don't get back into their food chain, then their life expectancy doubles
overnight.  I stayed in the Galleon House in downtown Charlotte Amalie for
a week a few years ago, and the open sewers are still right there out on
the street. I remember seeing a "creek" running through an alluvial plain
of shacks just outside St. John in Antigua, and the water was purple-green
with raw sewage.
The reason that this hasn't changed is because the population hasn't
demanded it, and the reason for that is that they're not given enough
education.  The reason for that is that the governments are filled with
people who want to line their own pockets, and can do so because they hold
generational political dynasties. This is usually because of some
sweetheart deal with an extractive monopoly/oligopoly, which can
"contribute" large piles of cash to whoever does them a favor.
If there was more of a trading tradition in the caribbean it would help
drive growth. There are a few places where that has happened before and
can happen again. St. Thomas, unencumbered by US government subsidy and
regulation might be one, if those if monoparty cronyism didn't kill it. It had been a huge shipping and trading port for centuries.  Now its
primary function seems to be shaking down tourists. Trade of a sort, I
Which leads me directly to another reason I'm interested in the small
island nations of the caribbean. The idea of internet commerce.
There are people in some circles in the net who think that the internet
provides a perfect opportunity for people to buy and sell software and
information securely and even anonymously.  To do this properly one would
need to reduce restrictions on cash transactions, the transfer of capital,
and the use of strong cryptography.  Cryptography is the enabling
technology for the transfer of assets and money in a secure fashion over
unsecure networks.  The first result is that people can work anywhere they want.  Personally,
I think Boston is nice, but I'd rather hang in Cruz Bay for most of the
year if I could get away with it. We just had a discussion in
soc.culture.caribbean about the lack of full-blown USVI internet access
which talked about that.  You could have a whole class of "lifestyle refugees" coming from the
developed world to the caribbean because they can work anywhere they want.
This literally foriegn trade, only now a nation is re-exporting
intellectual property. Sort of like a fair-weather maquilladora with
imported gold-collar workers.
Think about the development of america in the 19th century. The railroads
brought immigrants from europe, who then homesteaded land and sold the
agricultural products they grew to people who processed them into goods
which generated foriegn exchange, which paid for interest on bonds that
J.P. Morgan & Co. sold to the european money centers. Some of those bonds
were then used to build more railroads, which brought in more settlers,
etc. The other neat thing about this process is that it automatically brings in
foriegn exchange and development capital which is independent of
monopolistic controls. These "refugees" have to buy things, but they buy
them from local, distributed sources: shops, builders, tradesmen, etc.
Those people automatically have an independent entrepreneurial outlook,
which is reflected eventually in the political and economic structure of
the nation. You get a quasi-Jeffesonian nation of shopkeepers, tradesmen,
and as their children are educated, technical/information professionals
who work on the net for a living.  This is how a nation can build a
trading tradition from the ground up.
Finally, the electronic money (e$ for short) which enables this commerce
has to be denominated in something, probably dollars.  The entities (call
them banks, for the time being) have to live somewhere.  These entities
are responsible for moving assets and money on and off the internet and
make their money by either taking a small fee (called a spread) when
converting money from one form to another, or from collecting the interest
(called the float) on the dollars that were converted into e$, but haven't
been converted back to other dollars yet.
The cool thing is that some caribbean nations have figured out offshore
banking already.  The reason this kind of banking is valuable is the
concept of regulatory arbitrage.  Regulations impede the flow of money. The Netherlands Antilles have made a reasonable living domiciling
corporations whose sole purpose is to keep money out of the american
banking system and thus its tax mechanism.  Money made offshore which
stays offshore doesn't get taxed as easily by the IRS.  Regulatory Arbitrage is also exemplified by the banking and insurance
industries of the Bahamas, the Caymans, Bermuda, and to a lesser extent,
Antigua and the EC (Eastern Caribbean) nations.  In those cases, those
nations have modeled bank secrecy laws like those of the swiss.
In order for a nation to become an e$-center, they would have to allow the
creation of e$, particular dollar-denominated e-cash on their shores. There are enourmous regulatory hurdles in the US, but with a sufficiently
arbitrary and capricious political infrastructure, it could happen pretty
soon in the caribbean, if it was worth someone's while...  Ah, the ironies
of economics...
Bob Hettinga

@_date: 1994-08-14 15:40:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Ecash beta test 
heh- eh.
maybe he's only gonna use Real Players, not us lowly enthusiasts and wannabes.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-15 19:49:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ecash-info 
Me too. With that idea in mind, I called them about 6 weeks ago to get some
stuff sent to me in the mail, and got put on the blower David himself.
After I picked myself up off the floor, I told him how some cronies and I
were interested in linking up with a bank to try a market test. The idea
was that the bank puts up a (forgive me, but they'll understand it better
this way, I swear) "drive up window on the information highway", and some
third third party (or even the bank themselves) would issue and underwrite
the digicash.  If the bank doesn't do it, I was hoping there would be a
market for third-party underwriters.  That's where most of my team's skills
might work, anyway.
Anyway, when I screwed up the guts to ask, Chaum told me that the going
price for the underwriter's license/code was $275K plus a percentage of the
net profits. He said that it would include some development support. He
said that he'd send some stuff, and he got my address, but I never got
anything back either.
The price didn't seem too outrageous to me at the time (Boone Pickens: "You
can name any price you want, if I can set the terms"), but the problem is,
there's no data to determine what the market would be. I guess that's why
they call it risk capital.
From what I've read in the press about him, Chaum has talked to very large
banks about this, and hasn't seemed to get anywhere with this except for
non-internet uses (automated tollbooths, smartcards, etc.).  It's possible
he sensed my relative playerlessness and blew off the follow-up.  Seeing
the increase in traffic about his inactivity in promotion leads me to
believe that he's either working hard in getting his product market-ready,
which makes sense, or he's dropping the ball, which I would charitably say
is an unfair reading of the facts.  I think that accusing him of not
properly promoting his product misses two points. The first is, everyone
who is the least bit interested in e$ knows what Chaum is doing, and that's
everyone who could do anything with the information, thus his promotional
activities on that front are quite successful, I would say.  The second
point is if he really is bringing new code to market, increasing
expectations until the code is ready could cause more harm than good.
I agree with you.  I expect that if a bank with a significant
institutional, trustee, or transaction processing presence stepped up to
the plate on this something interesting could happen. I am interested in
approaching a bank here in Boston with those credentials once I have
something (or even someone) to go in there and talk to them with.
My own auto de fe on all this is that in the early stages, most digicash
will go straight to the bank to be cashed out.  Enough people will be sent
to jail at this stage that people will be very careful not to double spend
in later secondary transactions where a piece of cash is spent several
times before being cashed out.  Eventually, the protocols will be imbedded
so far into the software's user interface that it will be very hard for the
average person to double spend by accident.  Professional criminals who do
it on purpose will be as prevalent as counterfeiters are now.  There will
be a few determined people who will get caught inevitably and go to jail.
I don't expect the level of fraud in digital cash to be much higher than
that of credit card fraud, which as we've discussed here, is pretty low.  I
expect that the level of digital cash fraud will be about that of
counterfeiting now, which is pretty damn low, I bet.
I like this. I must say that the last month or so has been a really good
month for e$ discussions here.  Thanks to all who have been talking about
We should remember that certain people around here are very good at what
they do, and should be paid attention to even when their delivery can be
upsetting for one reason or another.
I chalk it up to interface fatigue, in the sense that there are certain
abrasions that occur when so many brains of different viewpoints bump
against each other here on the net.  Another way to look at it may be
another form of friction, the transaction cost of the information you get
by interacting on the list.  That's certainly appropriate to a discussion
of internet commerce, eh?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-16 07:42:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
I've been thinking about this a little. First of all, I'm not sure what the
big unidentifiable risks are, except for the technological risk of the
cryptography.  I'm willing to take it on faith that the risk is acceptable.
There's too much science out there to back up the proposition that ecash
is technologically sound and does everything it's supposed to do.
That leaves the financial, political and business risks of underwriting ecash.
A piece of ecash is basically a callable bond. This issuer is "loaning" the
internet the money to be used as a medium of exchange. The issuer gets to
keep the interest accrued on that money while the ecash is in circulation.
The underwriter looses money if the duration, and thus the total return, of
his portfolio of ecash is less than the total return of the principal he's
holding in escrow (real escrow, not pseudoescrow like clipper keys). In
other words, he takes principal backing up the ecash and puts it into other
financial instruments which make him a return. Safer things like bank
accounts, t-bills, or other bonds, and probably not stocks. When the ecash
comes back, it's like a bond is called, and the issuer has pony up the
principal. He then has to unwind a piece of his offsetting portfolio,
incurring transaction costs and losing whatever future income those
investments might yield.  This is usually figured out in advance, and these
tests of a portfolio manager predictive ability are what make or break his
career.  If you think that the duration of a piece of ecash on the net is
say, 3 months, and it's 3 days, and you've invested on those assumptions,
you could get hammered. You've bought longer term instruments which are
more volatile but yeild more on a total return basis. If you thought that
the ecash duration was 3 days and it stayed out there 3 months, you've left
a lot of money on the table (relatively speaking), which means you have
higher exchange fees to pay for it, and also means that a competitor that
doesn't make the same mistake can beat your price.
As we just saw, exchange fees are one way to hedge against the call risk.
The issuer charges fees for moving the money on and off of the internet. In
theory, if the fees are high, the money may never come back, and stay in
circulation forever. In reality, if fees are too high, nobody will buy your
ecash in a market which is the least bet competitive.
None of this stuff is any riskier than what an average bond portfolio
manager and his trading team does everyday.
A good book to read on this is "Fixed Income Mathematics", by Frank
Fabozzi, Probus Press, 1993. Fabozzi edits the handbooks that fixed income
and derivatives people learn their business from.  This book is built to
write code from.
Next, there are the legal, regulatory and political risks.  Perry has said
a lot about this already, but to hold up the other side of the argument, I
think that if a significant financial incentive exists with the existence
of an ecash market, then the political risks will be dealt with.
International regulatory arbitrage, the revolving door for personnel of the
regulators and the regulated, and plain old campaign "contributions" will
see to that.
Finally, the business risk of selling the concept of ecash to the users of
the internet. I've spoken many times here about the difficulty I've had in
finding things that give e-cash a market advantage over other forms of e$.
These include, but are not limited to: encrypted credit card transactions,
trusted third-party cash clearing, and even swiping an ATM card into the
access screen of an ATM/Internet gateway. Then Tim comes up with a nifty
list off the top of his head just this week.  I love this place...
However, as I've said before, the only real way to find this out is to put
up a demo and try it out.  The costs for a large money-center bank aren't
really that much.  It looks like DigiCash BV is working as fast as they can
on a legitimate net-wide proof of concept, having demonstrated a
point-to-point capability at the WWW conference a little while ago.  This a
good time to be interested in e$ for this alone.
I don't think this is really a problem. It's just as if somebody had
figured out how to counterfeit money cheaper.  Countermeasures are taken
and it isn't cheap anymore. The neat thing about strong crypto is that it's
strong in spite of public algorithms. People who crack those algorithms
publish their results, or someone else will. The half-life of a hidden
innovation in that kind of environment is pretty small.
The financial markets are living proof that hiding innovation fails. The
ability to exchange people and thus proprietary information between
competitors makes the markets efficient, and all profitable secrets
impossible in the long run. The NSA could keep its innovations secret
because it couldn't share its information with its competitors. It was very
illegal for *anyone* to go to work for the KGB, much less anyone from Ft.
Meade. Strong crypto evolved anyway because the NSA couldn't prevent the
open discussion of the ideas that lead up to it. Paradoxically, it was this
unhidden innovation, the use of the public algorithm, which made the most
secure crypto in history possible.
Because of the way the financial markets work these days, there may or may
not be a Columbus (like Mike Milken, who was just as rapacious as Columbus
ever was), but it's the Columbian Exchange that we're more interested in
here, and I think that's happening now, Columbus or not.
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-16 07:42:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The symbol "e$" 
First of all, I'd like to apologise to those who find the abbreviation e$
(short for electronic money on the internet) offensive. It is not a brand
name.  It is the result of an "aha!" which popped into the head of one of
my clients, an advertising consultant, while I was talking to her about
internet commerce one day a couple of months ago.  What she actually did
was hold up the paper she was doodling on, and in the middle of it was the
letter "e" with two dollar-sign lines through it. She'd been thinking about
it as the logo for a conference on internet commerce that she thought was a
cool idea (me too), but I saw it as a nice icon for electronic money in
general. I even merged the verticals in "$" and an "e" in Illustrator just
to see what it would look like.  Looks pretty cool. Since everything is
done in ASCII up here on the net, the nearest approximation of it was "e$"
and so I've been using it ever since.
I expect that the antipathy felt to it comes from a personal reaction to my
presence on this list. I'm afraid my enthusiasm, tendency to generalize
from sparse data and lack of crypto knowlege upset someone who felt that I
didn't fit in with his vision of the cypherpunk culture. I can't change who
I am anymore than he can change who he is. I do believe that I make a
contribution to this list, however, and try to restrain myself when I
I also believe that internet commerce and e$ (I think the word "excrable"
is more than a little rude) are valid topics of conversation for this list.
I have some experience in both areas, and can make a contribution to those
discussions, and since this is one of the few places on the net where the
state of the art in those topics is discussed and even advanced, I would
like to so in peace.  But that's wishful thinking, I bet.
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-18 15:30:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: CIA Using Remailer System? 
Hi.  I interested in talking to a marketing person at Sprint. I want
"secure" ;-) high bandwidth internet access for an internet access service
a client wants to start up.
Can you just forward this to someone you know?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-20 14:53:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: buyinfo, internet commerce, and GMU 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
There are some people from GMU ("Coalition for Electronic Markets;
George Mason Program on Social and Organizational Learning") talking about
superdistribution schemes (one put an article in the new Wired) and
internet commerce on the new (?) www-buyinfo list I just started watching.
The buyinfo folks seem to be reserecting the discussions which used to take
place on the imp-interest list, which has pretty much croaked.  They are
talking on buyinfo about secure mosaic, digital signatures, digital cash,
I think the list is driven by majordomo and its address is:
If anyone has comments on this bunch, it may be interesting to hear them here.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-20 19:21:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
I meant "is". Like a triangle, or a limit, or an asymptote, "is".  It's
okay to be non-modal here. Digital cash has to be issued by someone, who
*really should* back it up with real money, and should thus receive real
money as collateral for the digicash on the net.  Thus, there's a float.
Thus it's really a loan with a security (ecash) to prove it, with the
collateral in the bank of the issuer earning the issuer interest.  Thus
it's a bond. And since it has no maturity date, and it's not a perpetuity,
then it has an implicit call provision. Thus, it's a callable bond.
Example: A CMO is a callable bond, whether it's called one or not.  When a
tranche's principal comes in, the tranche is "called", and the investors in
that tranche are paid off. By the way, most people refer to a callable bond
as a series of options, and that's how modern portfolio analysis is done on
them... Wittgenstein would laugh.
The SEC has nothing to do with the mechanics of a security's behavior.
There are some bonds which are illegal here, but not illegal outside the
country. They're still bonds.  The obligation is held by the issuer, and
the issuer keeps the interest, which discounts their price.
Also, so what if the SEC is involved, or not?  I expect that there has to
be a test of the technology, forced by the possibility of competition from
overseas (regulatory arbitrage).  If the market test is successful, then
the SEC will not willfully restrain trade if the market's big enough (the
revolving door), and perceived to be benign enough. Frankly, I don't see
what the fuss is about, do you?  It's just a low-cost settlement mechanism
for retail transactions on the internet. ;-).
Is "unit of account" a formal term here? Could you define it?
The problem about not keeping the interest on the float is, who do you pay
it to otherwise? If you have a truly anonymous digital cash system, you
couldn't find the original purchaser if you tried.  If you want to treat
this like a settlement problem in securities operations then you have to
track each owner's interest share for the time they held the instrument and
pay them back. Again impossible. If you pay back the accrued interest on
that specific ecash certificate to the person who "walks in the door" with
it, is it fair?
The solution is, keep the interest, use the money to fund the issuer's
operations. If that's not enough, charge exchange fees. A competitive
market will sort out who's got the most efficient operations, and thus
ecash users get ecash at its most efficient price. It's just like
insurance.  An insurance underwriter collects premiums, some portion are
direct fees for handling the transaction.  The remaining premiums are put
into a fund which accrues interest (for want of a better term).  Some or
all of that interest ends up in the insurers pocket, and the rest is held
for loss reserve (which may be itself reinsured) so the insured are paid
when calamity strikes.  It's a living.
It's not really like you're quoting me out of context here, but I really
did say further on in the post you're talking about here that exchange fees
were how an issuer made up the difference between his cost of operations
and the actual return he got on the float...
Yes. But probably short term bonds (money markets, t-bills) are safe places
to earn higher returns than a demand deposit account.  It's all cash
management technique, which is pretty straightforward, boring stuff.
It's secured by the cash which bought the ecash in the first place, which
can be put into secure money instruments of some sort. See the post you're
quoting from about durations, total return, etc.  If you want the issuer to
put it into a demand deposit at, say, Shawmut National here in Boston, and
let *them* invest the money in the money market, you can do that.  They'll
gladly take your money. (This is a good reason for a bank to get into the
market, in my opinion, because of this synergy.) But it doesn't take much
to manage your own portfolio of cash instruments by yourself.
This probably won't happen except in cases of fraud.  I expect this
business to be pretty boring. After all, you're the one with a portfolio of
(real) cash to manage. Unwinding a position in the money markets is not
really a scary proposition at all.
When an ecash bank "fails" if ever, it'll be just like the old days
(actually, not so old, really; Continental in Chicago was the last famous
big one).  The ecash banking community will circle the wagons and honor the
unfortunate's ecash. More probably the bank will be quietly merged, and no
one will know the difference.
The instrument is e-cash.  It's backed up by dollars, probably money market
instruments, or maybe government bills.  There may be "brands" of ecash
which may have to charge higher and lower fees, depending on their risk. A
rating system could evolve. I bet that the differences between issuers
could be pretty marginal after a while. It's as simple and as boring as
running IBM's corporate treasury accounts.  It's just not that complex.
Agreed. Pardon my hyperbolic example. I just put them out there for
illustration. Fees will be higher at first.  They might be too high to
sustain a market in the long run. There's no way to find out except to try,
which was the ultimate point of the post.
That's why I said "in theory". I thought I qualified that further in the
same paragraph. Again my hyperbolic rhetorical style does me in. In the
first few pages of finance text books (I read Brealy & Meyers in 1985),
they like to talk about British securities called "perpetuities".  They are
literally perpetual bonds with no expiration date, and a few have no call
provisions at all. Whoever holds them keeps getting interest until he sells
them.  This type of asymptotic behavior was what I meant by "forever". I
forgot at the time that digicash grows every time it's exchanged, for
instance, and was simply making a point about the behavior of a system at
it's extremes. My apologies.
By the way, what does "on-us" mean?
I'll leave this here. I feel better now.  Between Eric and Tim, I feel a
little like the gopher in the game at Chuck E. Cheese's.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-20 19:21:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ecash-info 
Here I was thinking it was common knowlege, and that's why I never said
anything about it.  I have to say that I have several friends who build
real good financial models for portfolio analytics, and they get a cut of
the trading profits.
A bank is one of his customers. Of course, they're in Switzerland. I'm sure
it happens on this side of the Atlantic with people who do currency
analysis. Soft dollar stuff is a pretty common way to pay for research and
That said, I think that there are probably cleaner ways for him to make
money, like leasing his software, for instance.
Agreed. I was trying not to tread on the sainted reputation of the master
by using the word "charitable". I count your "third possibility" under
"dropping the ball", by the way.
In fairness, it may be true that he's really trying to bring something to
market.  We may never know until we read about it on the front page of the
Wall Street Journal, or in the same paper's legal notices...
              [snip]
              [snip]
              [snip]
I think you're right.  It goes back to the haggle we had when I first
joined this list. I learned rather quickly that privacy ain't necessarily
the point here.  The technology of privacy, in particular strong crypto,
yields something useful in a much larger arena digicash and other e$.
Privacy is a beneficial byproduct of immediate and final clearing on the
internet through digicash. It is not necessary and sufficient for it's use.
It's possible that Chaum is immersed in the cryptographic details that he
thinks that privacy is digicash's primary selling point.  It certainly is
the enabling technology.  However, it seems that his marketing approach to
date has been more product driven ("Look, you can fly, and we'll let you do
it, but you'll have to do it our way.") possibly sales driven ("C'mon, fly,
and I won't bother you anymore."), but certainly not market driven ("Look
what you can do if you fly!").
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-20 19:22:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
NewJargonNotice("suspension account")
Is this new nomenclature? It sounds less risque than "float", I must say...
          [snip]
Immediate and final clearing must save money, somehow, but right now, it's
hard to prove whether cash is still king in cyberspace. I have a (somewhat
religious, in the sense that it may not be empirically proved in my
lifetime) belief that that's the case.  That's why I like to agitate for a
test. Yes, Tim, I know, you guys aren't bankers...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-20 19:23:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Is there one?
It all boils down to Bedford Forrest's maxim "Get there first with the most
men."  (Sun Tsu said it first, but Forrest probably wouldn't have liked to
know that, I'm sure)
If in fact there is no method for making cash transactions on the internet,
particularly "off-line" transactions with no trusted third party in the
loop at transaction time, then digital cash is all we have.  Eric has
destroyed the point about the efficacy or need for off-line transactions
already, but to expand on his last sentence, there needs to be empirical
evidence to back up or refute his and my opposing claims.
[reasons elided]
         [snip]
Eric, for the last three months, you have said that there was no way to
prove whether digital cash was more cost effective than other forms of e$,
and thus potential efficiency was useless as an economic argument for its
Perry and have held that it must be, and you have just now given a bunch of
real good reasons.  Now we need to figure how to test all this out...
I love this place...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-20 19:23:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: e-cash underwriting 
Forgive me, I'm beginning to think that the power doesn't have to be that
large at all.
I'm beginning to have an attack of "I've got a barn, let's have a show".
It's okay, it'll pass if I sit down...
While I think the technical mechanics are simple (you all seem to, anyway),
I'd like to see what regulatory and legal roadblocks have been identified.
The only way to find out about the *market* for the product is to test it.
By the way, I think the problem of double spending is a risk that can be
managed, like the risk that a bank takes when a check is bounced...  The
culprit is identified, and it becomes a matter between the bouncee (however
removed from the criminal transaction), the law, and the bouncer.  Of
course this might require some pretty vicious personal ID on the part of
users of digital cash, like no nyms allowed, but you still get privacy if
nobody bounces the cash. I'm also sure other administrative methods will
evolve which will allow almost total privacy and no double spending in
Tim refers to voluminous study and many man-years of effort put into
figuring how to do e-cash underwriting from a regulatory standpoint. I
prefer the word "underwriting" to banking, because there are no accounts of
deposit held at an e-cash exchange (where underwriting happens). There
seems to be a problem with the word "bank" here, like there seems to be a
problem with the word "bond". ;-)
Are there any non-proprietary, public sources of information on these legal
and regulatory research efforts?  Are there archives of the c'punks traffic
on this subject that I can look at?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-21 12:22:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
We could equivocate back and forth about who the lender is in this case.
It's the behavior of the financial instrument I'm talking about. At some
point, the principal goes away and has to be called from wherever it is (a
bank account, the money market, etc.) to meet a cashed-out piece of
digicash. In the meantime it earns interest. Thus it has principal, and
interest, and it is called.  It's a callable bond.  If it has a fixed
maturity, it's still a callable bond. If it's a perpetuity, it's a callable
bond. It doesn't matter who gets the interest. It doesn't matter what the
exchange fees are, it still behaves like a callable bond.  The market will
pay discounts or premia on them, and thus price them, just like any other
fixed income instrument with a call provision. A callable bond, in other
I'm not sure the lifetime issue is a big deal now, because the durations on
these instruments are probably going to be pretty short.  Like I said
before, people will eventually get used to hanging on to digital cash until
they need to spend it.  That keeps it out of circulation longer, and the
duration up. At some point in time people will spend a piece of digital
cash several times before it goes back to the bank.  That will keep the
duration up also.
I think the complexity is probably not worth it. Suppose you get a piece of
digital cash that's been out there a while, say 10 years (it's not likely,
ever, but I'm using it to make a point).  1 dollar at say 10% compounded
for ten years is 2.59. It's like winning the lottery, for no reason except
the person you last transacted business with paid you old cash for what you
sold him. It's not fair. That's what I meant by not fair.
Agreed. "A solution is", then. There are many ways to skin a cat. I think
you'll find that the overhead of my system beats yours, and lets me price
my cash more competitively in an efficient market. That's why I said "the
solution is".
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-21 12:23:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
No. I was not referring to the process (double-entry bookkeeping), I was
referring to the actual name of the account where the principal is held
until it is redeemed.  I liked the name, but I was wondering about where he
got it from, or whether he invented it himself.  If so, how did he arrive
at the name "suspension account", etc.
Right. My use of "immediate and final" comes from Eric (or maybe Perry).
Clearing in this case is when the cash passes from you to me. When I spend
that cash with someone else, and they in turn spend it somewhere else, it's
really clear, because neither one of us can ever trace where it went. For
all intents and purposes, we might as well call the transaction clear at
the time of its execution. Thus it's immediate and final. Just like any
other cash transaction.
Exactly. Though I think it would be worthy of much more than a civil suit.
I expect that criminal charges come into play here. The culprit has been
identified. Out come the gendarmes, or maybe interpol, since he's gone to
Rio.  Catching an international criminal and extraditing him is not new
technology. You don't even need new law.  Just call it (wire?) fraud and
leave it at that. People and businesses have insurance against fraud. I
expect there will be a whole industry popping up after a while on e-cash
loss control and insurance.
Except for where the cash has been double-spent, a very special case,
indeed, the cash has cleared once it's been spent by the person whom you
gave the cash to. It's untraceability clears the transaction.  It's
immediate. It's final.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-21 12:23:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: e-cash underwriting 
I have have been paying attention, I was not trolling. I would like to see
a formal, concrete analysis of the legal issues if there is one out there.
Or at least someone's best efforts at it.  If it isn't there, then it may
be time to commission one. For money. (Anyone out there want to e-mail me a
quote?) Because I expect that it can be done and should be tried, and
probably isn't going to send *anyone* to jail.
I don't think that e-cash is a bearer bond. Its portfolio management from
the underwriter's side is like that of a callable bond (more like managing
the cashflows of a mutual fund while keeping the income), but to the holder
it behaves just like cash (perticularly if it doesn't bear interest ;-)).
If an underwriter is not a bank anymore than the underwriter of an
traveller's check, or a mutual fund is not a bank, then a bank isn't
issuing currency.  I've heard arguments on both sides of the question of
whether or not e-cash is scrip (it has an explicit value in dollars, and is
redeemable in cash), and I think until the secret service bangs on
someone's door, or more to the point, a real lawyer says it's expressly not
legal, than it's at least possible.  That which is not forbidden is
permitted, the last time I looked.
Legal hacking is not a bad thing to try to do at this point. No great green
monster is going to shit on my head if I try, or anyone else tries, to
start an ecash underwriting business. :-).  The most that can happen is
that the business fails, and most likely on economic, not legal, merits.
Bill McGowan of MCI did not go to jail. He died in his bed of a massive
coronary after a triple-bypass and a heart-lung transplant. Cigarettes
killed him. He fought the law and the system, and he won on the economic
and legal merits of his case.  I don't expect the legal entry cost of a
business like ecash underwriting to be nearly as complex.
They're asking forgiveness, not permission.  They're "sooners". They're not
quite the starting gun on the land rush, but they're close.
I have seen their stuff. I expect that a lawyer has told them that the
worst thing that can happen is that they'll get a nasty letter from the
feds and have to shut down, and they might win if they decide to fight it.
I expect that with a little reading, a legal mind might say the same thing
about a legitimate digital cash system like Digicash(tm), for instance.
Please note that I am not trying to make anyone angry here, or in the
previous post, and I hope that my tone in the above doesn't appear angry,
because it isn't.  I just think that the concept of digital cash is farther
along than most people think it is, and for the life of me, I can't see any
reason for not doing it, except fear, or frustration from previous efforts,
maybe. It's not FUD, because it's not deliberate, but it has the same
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-21 17:50:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
OK. I'll try again. The difference between digital cash and your examples
of gold and cash is that that gold really *is* a commodity. It can be
melted down, and recombined with other gold into any unit of measure you
want, as long as the purity of the metal is the same, and that's a
scientifically verifiable process. An ounce of gold is utterly
indistinguishable from another ounce of gold. In the case of cash, there's
a certificate number on each one, issued by the issuer. Thus it has a set
of specifically identifiable future cashflows associated with it. Since it
is directly related to a "risk-free" security (the US dollar) and it is
collateralized with a pool of money which accretes interest, it acts just
like a bond. If it walks like a bond, and quacks like a bond, it's a bond,
Anyone can dig up more gold but when it's melted with other gold, who's to
tell which one's the gold they dug up?  Only the issuer can issue an
issuer's certificates, be they cash (in the old banknote days), bonds,
stock, whatever.  A bond is a unique discrete entity. More to the point,
it's a promise to pay a specific cash amount at some specified time, or
upon redemption by the purchaser. So is digital cash. Gold, on the other
hand, is a continuous commodity.  Different stuff.
Probably not much help, but I'm trying here. I really am. Is that any better?
By the way, "calling the bond" is actually exercising an option, and yes,
the finance guys will tell you that there is no difference. You can use
option pricing methods to price lots of stuff, and some people do it with
commodities.  Remember my goofy (but true) statement that a bond is really
a string of embedded call options?  It's in the book I referred to
(Fabozzi, Fixed Income Mathematics, Probus Press, 1993, isbn 1-55738-423-1,
pp 249-315).
The problem is, you have to price the cash before you use it to buy
something, and then you and the seller has to agree that that's the value
of it. To do that, you or the person you're offering the cash to need to
somehow communicate with the underwriter, thus destroying the anonymity of
the cash transaction, and also increasing it by the communication costs,
and creating an on-line cash system when we wanted an off-line one. Of
course, the issuer could publish the prices based on the compounded
interest accrued *for each certificate*, for the time period it's
outstanding, possibly complete with the compounding factors for each
compounding period used. (a day, a month, a year, or even continuous over
the life of the instrument)  Lot of overhead there, but mutual funds do it
all the time. You'd want to just take their word for it, I suppose, and
trust their price, right?
Mutual funds are priced in exactly this way. A mutual fund share has a
specific value at purchase. It is specifically identified and compounded
over the time it is held, in theory, anyway, because there are accounting
and programming tricks to get the same result with less overhead and still
maintain the audit trail. Those values are computed and accumulated as if
they were on an individual share basis. Really. I swear. I've priced mutual
funds and their returns and used them to compile data used in portfolio
managers' performance evaluations.
I didn't say that that you couldn't do it your way.  I just said it costs
more than just dumping the certificate numbers into a redemption database,
keeping the interest, and pricing the e-cash at issuance to reflect your
costs of operation and your competitive pressures from the marketplace.
I'm also sorry. I'm doing the best I can here. I hope I took a better shot
at it this time.
There's nothing awful about keeping the interest, folks. (Unless you're a
moslem, of course :-) )  It's really just a type of liquidity premium paid
to the underwriter to offset whatever risk (business risk, and legal risk
at this point) taken to issue e$ for use in internet commerce.  As more
people get into internet commerce and underwriting it, then the premium
goes down because the risk goes down.
I think this whole discussion about where the money gets made is beside the
point.  The fact is that some combination of exchange fees and interest on
the "suspension" account balance will offset the costs of underwriting
ecash. People can make money underwriting e-cash. If the market's there,
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-22 05:44:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Open-end mutual funds do this now, every share is issued at a the price of
a dollar. The problem comes when the value of the suspension pool (it's
starting like water treatment plant) backing up that certificate increases.
A digital cash operation is another open-ended mutual fund. If you don't
price it in terms of something real, like a dollar, not in terms of itself,
then you introduce an unnecessary level of complexity, not to mention
regulatory gobbledegook, because that really is a scrip mechanism.
I just think that it's easier all around to keep a constant notional value
(a buck is a buck is a buck). Then to mess with a fluid pricing mechanism
for something which is supposed to enhance convenience and liquidity in
internet commerce.  Let banks and governments worry about the relative
prices between their currencies, and let that price be the price of e-cash
for now. An e-cash issuer has to worry about his competition and the price
of their cash.  That's bad enough. Occam's razor, KISS principle, and all
In theory, though it probably won't happen, an underwriter could issue a
greater amount of digital cash than regular cash paid for it (e$1.00 for
$0.95, for the sake of argument).  The cash flow from the interest on the
suspension account (due to long cash lifetimes on the net, for example)
would be paying for operations, and profits, and a competitive market
forces the underwriter to sell at a slight discount. See?  This is exactly
the way you price bonds.  The case of zero interest digital cash is exactly
like that of a zero-coupon bond. The ecash is then spent one or more times
on the net at its "par" or face amount, and then the underwriter makes
money or eats the difference when it is redeemed.
There's probably the hoariest old saw in economics which says "The cost of
anything is the foregone alternative." Convience *is* value derived. Market
liquidity is convience (more like necessity, actually, certainly not
anathema, but who's quibbling).  Market liquidity is value derived.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-22 09:36:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
It's important not to pile on too many features, desires, agendas onto a
relatively simple financial instrument.  The point of digital cash is to
provide liquidity for internet commerce as cheaply as possible. Anonymity
is a happy benefit. Engineering it for anyother purpose reduces its
Or, you can take money in over the window and turn it into digital cash
denominated on a dollar basis, priced at that point with discounts or
primia as necessary. Occam's razor.
That's true, but the difference in price reflects the estimated future
value of that money in a suspension account plus the operating costs of the
underwriter, not by some complex pricing methodology which makes the cash
more difficult to use.
I cash out my "digiDollar" today, it's a dollar.  I cash out my digiDollar
tomorrow, it's a dollar. I cash out my digiDollar the next day, it's a
dollar.  Looks pretty simple to use to me. (a digiDollar is a dollar is a
dollar is a dollar) :-).
[Oops. I went and concocted some more buzzy language. Occupational hazard.
Don't worry, I'll try not to use it anymore, and maybe it'll die
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-22 09:46:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Snore while they snoop 
Then there's this company called, I think, "Wave" Inc. out of Colorado
somewhere.  The first time I heard of it was in Peter Huber's Forbes column
a year or so ago. The guy who's fronting it is a former chairman of a large
defense contractor (United Technologies?).  It involves metering
application software use down to the second, using PC boards and the
internet, or some other WAN equivalent.
A dongle is forever...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-22 10:34:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re:  Creating privacy crises: Society hacking 
At 12:54 PM 8/22/94 -0400, wcs (bill.stewart) said,
Hey! Representative Democracy! What a concept....
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-23 11:01:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
I'll try to to come at this from another tack. Cryptography gives
anonymity. Anononymity reduces the overhead. The reduced overhead should
make digital cash more economically efficient than on-line systems like
NetBank, or credit-cards or much of anything else, at the moment. The
economic efficiency is what may make digitial cash economical as a way to
provide liquidity for internet commerce.  The major selling point is *not*
privacy.  The major selling point is economic efficiency.
They are peripheral side effects. They also are the very things that make
digital cash a more efficient medium of exchange.  They are not necessary
and sufficient conditions for the adoption of digital cash for the very
same reasons you outlined above.  Privacy is like flight. It's cool. It's
literally marvelous. But flight also gives you speed, and speed is what
sells flight as a usable technology to most people. Is that a better
Printing is a faster way to transcribe information than copying a book by
hand. A secondary benefit of printing is that improves information flow
through a culture. A consequence is increased education, which gives you an
enlightment ethic and eventually Jeffersonian democacy.
I think we're looking at the elephant from opposite ends here, Tim. You
seem to be holding the trunk, I believe...
Ah. How grateful I am not to be burdened with its parentage...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-23 11:30:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Thank you.  This is exactly the kind of stuff I've been talking about.
Real bankers aren't completely necessary.  This is why my thinking has
changed on the subject.  You need financial accumen to make sure you don't
spend down your suspension account, but that (cash portfolio management)
can be purchased from lots places besides real banks.  The technology of
digital cash is something that Citicorp thinks it has to reinvent.  That's
par for the course.  But you don't need a real banker to run a secure
www/Secure Mosaic node.  You barely need real bankers to hook in to the ATM
system as long as you can prove that nobody, including the underwriter,
sniff the user's card swipe and PIN number.  You don't need real bankers to
make sure that the fraud laws cover double spending of digital cash.  You
don't need bankers to make sure that you comply with cash reporting
requirements when money comes on and off the net. Wiring all the above
together to make a digital cash underwriter is doable at a relatively small
level, without bankers for the most part. This is why Citicorp, and other
banks like it, are going to shoot themselves in the foot when they try.
I 'm pretty sure, having worked for Citicorp myself, they spent big piles
of money trying to engineer around Chaum (or anybody else). Chaum almost
has a  viable product, which will cost a whole lot less (even if he gets
his cut of profits) to implement from the underwriter's standpoint.
Citicorp has tried this "We are The Technologists" tack in Travel (CIMS),
Point of Sale data collection (CPOS), Telephone Banking (they even invented
their own dial up terminal!) and several other unrelated businesses.  They
failed because of an institutional mentality of Not Invented Here and a
very centralized, top-down management style.  They're not much different
from most other very large banks, I'm afraid.
Citicorp's early success in bank Data Processing during the late 60's and
early 70's, first in ATMs (they aren't the largest any more by a long
shot), and the credit cards (same here), makes them, and some readers of
this list, think they are a 900lb gorilla when it comes to digital cash.
They aren't.  Neither is any bank, no matter how large they are.
I'd be real interested to see if Citibank can beat an onslaught of smaller
underwriters who can offer cash at smaller margins than they can.  Folks,
the costs of an operation like a digital cash underwriter aren't too
difficult to imagine. The entry cost for the average underwriter (if the
market is there to support one) is not nearly the amount that Citicorp is
going to spend putting up theirs, and so Citicorp will loose money on this
investment as well, and eventually back out. It's like people who go in to
see the machine The Well runs on. Their jaw drops at how small the box
really is.  If Citicorp did it the machine would be 10 times bigger and
cost 10 times as much, to justify their hockey-stick earnings estimate and
a cast of a thousand managers and analysts.
The thing that's important here is Grove's Law. Chips have an economic
half-life of 18 months, which drops the cost of any computer based business
accordingly, along with the costs of entry into those businesses.  I've
personally seen large companies go into a new high-tech service businesses
and kill their entry with overengineering and bloated middle management.
You see it in the Wall Street Journal all the time.
At some point, if the market is there, there will probably be a
consolidation in digital cash underwriting, and larger companies will
emerge as economies of scale become evident. But to think that any company
can come into a completely different operating paradigm and take over from
the start just because they're huge somewhere else is probably not going to
Think about railroads and airplanes. If the railroads seriously tried to
fund aircraft development, they would have gotten smeared. They would still
be trying to make a steam powered plane fly the day Douglas delivered the
first DC-3.
The banks aren't the big bad monsters we fear them for.  Their
participation in the market is necessary, as is the participation of most
financial instutions, but an Argumentum ad Bacculum with the Banks as the
threat of force is pretty much a waste of breath.
I promise not to turn blue next time.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-23 14:47:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
Alas. How true.
One of my friends got elected student government president at the
University of Missouri by standing outside polling places in a clown suit
bribing people to vote for him with play money.
Later that year, I authored a student senate declaration of war against the
University of Wisconsin. They had originated the concept of snickerocracy,
or rule by clowns, and as potential competition for scarce laughs had to be
destroyed. The declaration passed unanimously.  We passed the hat in the
bars for our defense budget (to be spent by the sacred Council of War, COW
for short), and sent four determined and somewhat inebriated agriculture
majors to Wisconsin's dairy barns to collect one ton of bullshit and
deposit it on their student union steps at 3 am.
In their defense, I must say that the administration generously let us (the
senate) vote on the allocation of about $1.3 million of the university's
money (somewhat less than 1% of the total, I believe), which made for a lot
of sand in the old sandbox. And, I got to meet both Timothy Leary and Ralph
Nader out of the deal.  I have trouble telling them apart to this day...
Ah, Yout'!
Adulthood is terminal,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-23 14:47:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Voluntary Governments? 
The University of Chicago, where I went for awhile, has the third largest
police force in Illinois, after the Chicago PD and the State troopers. They
have guns and cells.
During the Cambodian days of rage, the administration had an interesting
tactic.  The acquiesced to the students' demands and took their pictures as
they left.  Then they expelled them all.  Not violent, really, but harmful,
"Hyde Park, where Black and White stand shoulder to shoulder against the
Poor." (Nichols and May[not Tim]),
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-24 05:30:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
I keep getting tangled up in that. I'll try again. Anonymity is not the
issue. Strong Cryptography is the issue. Anonymity comes from strong
crypto. Like I said before, anonymity is the byproduct of using strong
crypto to build a digital cash system.
It's like what I said about flight in this same thread. It turns out the
best way to go really fast is to fly (at least until someone builds an
evacuated tunnel with a magnetic levitation train in it, anyway). In
inventing aviation, we discovered how to go really fast.  It turns out that
going really fast is a cheaper way to do things if time is valuable. Being
able to fly, while an end in itself, is also a byproduct of wanting to get
somewhere fast, at least in economic terms.
It turns out that in creating an anonymous digital cash system, you can do
very cheap, irrefutable transactions offline in an internetworked
environment.  That's cheaper for a whole lot of reasons, a relatively minor
one being the ability to pool the cash without a lot of transaction
recordkeeping. You don't have to know who gave you each piece of money in
order to find who stiffed you, if it happens.
The reduced overhead increases economic efficiency. There are other reasons
for not doing on-line transactions. Including credit checks, interest
calculations on outstanding balances, vendor reserve requirements,
transaction threading, on-line wait states and bandwidth, etc.  It's
In addition, I'll forward to you off-line the Eric Hughes postings that got
me started on this. They were put here on 8/19 at 12:20, 1:02, and 4:24 and
4:43. Cheez, looks like I'm citing scripture here. I feel like one of those
fundamnmentalists you see in football endzones on TV. You know, the guys
with the sign that says "John 6:66". ;-).
I think like stellar formation, evolution and economic progress, the
privacy of digital cash may be a happy accident resulting from the
activities of a random process (internet commerce) looking for a way to
make itself more efficient. It happens.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-25 17:51:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
But it's done already, right? At least as far as scoping out the problems
and having reasonable solutions which now need to be tried out, I mean.
If we're talking about problems of marketing, access to and from the rest
of the financial infrastructure, enforcement for fraud (double spending), I
think the problems are manageable enough for a market test, and I've done
my best to talk about that here and elsewhere.
If you're talking about algorithms, they're done already. They're to the
point where people are writing better ones that do the same thing more
efficiently. If you're talking about the operations stuff (handling cash,
keeping track of unspent cash, identifying offenders, etc) I contend that
the code is being written now or has been written already.
I am under the impression that technology exists that allows anonymous
offline digital cash transactions where double spenders are identified. Is
that not the case?
How simply? Are the computational requirements for generating a piece of
anonymous offline digital cash, for discovering double spenders, for
holding and spending cash Chaum's digital cash, or, say, Brand's version,
excessive when compared to non-secure methods, especially on-line methods?
Why do you suppose these guys are spending money developing the stuff?  Are
they wasting their time? I've heard sums in the range of at least $10
million that Chaum has spent already...
First of all, I'd like you to talk a little about offline digital cash
systems which are non-anonymous, and have all the other features of Chaum
or Brands. Pointers to the information is fine, unless others want to see
it here.
If you're talking about *any* online system, I've got you hammered. I just
won that fight on another list (or at least I think I did ;-)), and I'll
dump it all to you through e-mail, if you want. I'll give you hint: my
jumping off point was Eric's observation that offline methods don't involve
the banking system to effect every transaction.
Agreed, but I don't think avoiding them all together by doing transactions
offline is shy, I think it's economically necessary.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 13:08:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
It might be said that you haven't a digital wallet without an Observer, if
it's not horribly computation-intensive...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:15:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: e-cash underwriting 
It's obvious I gave that impression. I regret the error. Anybody who
bounces digital cash accidentally (in most accidental cases that I can
imagine) isn't to blame, especially if software is at fault. That's
equivalent (economically) to the bank thinking that a person's checking
account has less money in it than the depositor put there. It's safe to see
that an underwriter could make up losses if they're made in this fashion on
software they certify, for instance. However, there is a special case in
checking where someone thinks that they've the money, and they don't
really. There is probably an analog to this in a digital cash transaction
and I can't think of it at the moment.  The spender should be held liable
for something like that, at any rate.
If someone deliberately double (or million) spends, then they should get
busted for fraud. Period.  As protocols and software gets "burned in",
multiple spending should happen less and less, except when people do it in
purpose. When that happens, put 'em in the airlock. ;-).
I agree. This solution is hard to remember in the heat of argument, but
it's quite simple.  I have argued elsewhere that there are all sorts of
ways to catch multiple spenders who do it on purpose, but if there's a way
to prevent it in the first place, in a financial manner, that's even
better.  I got sat on about this early on over on www-buyinfo, and my
response there was, catch them using plain old police work, and book them
for fraud.  There has been significant discussion here and there about the
use of governmental entities to enforce fraud laws when people get ripped
off in a double spending scam, but for the time being I still think that
this is the way to go.
Cool. Is there anyone out there who has these "back issues"?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:16:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: A prima facie business model for a digital cash underwriter. 
Rick, I've been thinking a little about what we all may see as business
models for e-cash use.
The least complex model I see, and the one I like the most, is that people
simply buy digital cash from an underwriter through a link to some off-net
financial entity. NetBank uses a 900 number phone call which generates
so-many netbux.  My favorite one, and the one which may be most
apprehendable to the public, is an ATM-card gate in which the purchaser
swipes his card into a secure mosaic screen using a card reader at home
(they're pretty cheap these days, and could get cheaper if this became
If the underwriter could assure the bank in some fashion (maybe it's the
bank's gate?) that they can't "sniff" the card key/pin number, then the
bank could simply authorize the generation of digital cash from the
underwriter to the purchaser on a "pay ya later" basis .  That is, the
money would be forwarded by the bank from the purchaser's account to the
underwriter's suspension account by wire or whatever, trade settled in
same-day funds, of course.
This is somewhat analogous to the way traveller's checks are generated now,
in the sense that the bank functions as an intermediary (buying the checks
on a discount, and selling them for a premium) to an underwriter (the
issuer of the check). In our case, the bank is just referring a customer
and collects a fee for each customer sent to the underwriter. Pricing of
the cash at purchase will probably be based on a combination of discounting
the costs of the operation of the underwriter, the commission paid to the
"sponsoring" bank, and the returns from holding on to the cash in a
suspension account (however small that may be).  As is the case in
traveller's checks, there isn't a fee for using them with a seller, and
there are hardly any ID requirements, because the signature's on the check.
I believe that a traveller's check is as good as cash at a bank, so the
check is "loaded" like a mutual fund at the front of the transaction.  In
keeping with Eric's point for charging a fee to exit the net, we could also
put an additional exchange fee (which would be figured into the same
equation which generated the front end fee).
The beauty of this method is that the underwriter need not keep any
"account" data per se. It has a database of outstanding cash, and it simply
honors outstanding cash coming in. When a double-spent digital bank note
comes, then the protocol for identifying the double spender is followed,
and it's up to the redeemer to settle up with that person.
Having said all that, my question is, will your machine handle all the
routine activities of an underwriter in the above scenario? We'll ignore
interacting with banks for the time being, because that's done in the
financial markets already, and interbank operations methods will be
different for different underwriters anyway.
That means anything put up on your spiffy Sparc machine and it's attendant
code should be able to:
1. Generate to purchasers and take in digital cash from sellers.
2. Identify double spenders.
That's it.
That's obviously a tall order, as lots of people have said here more than
1.) It implies an interface to the customer who buys the digital cash which
ensures privacy between a bank and a customer, even though an ATM swipe and
a PIN goes through it.
2.) It implies a wallet and a register with which to transact business
offline, with the assurance that cash is not accidentally double spent.
3.) It implies the managment of what may be a large database of unspent
cash that's out there representing contingent claims on a suspension
account.  It probably also means the need to keep at least sample
statistics on spent certificates so that they can be used to determine the
longevity of a piece of cash on the net, so that proper management of the
suspension account can occur.
Obviously, you don't have all that stuff.   More to the point, I think 1.)
and 2.) above are already out there somewhere. But from talking to you, I'd
also think that you have most of the foundation for 3.) taken care of.
Obviously, the problems are in legal and regulatory issues, folks.
Whoever's algorithm is used to gen up digital cash will want their piece
from whoever underwrites digital cash.  That's pretty straightforward. Pay
them royalties.  The banks are going to want to make sure that they get a
piece of this, so that they don't disappear (fat chance!). Pay them
comissions.  Regulators are going to want make sure, well, I don't know
what they're going to want, but it'll probably be silly. Given them what
they want within reason. Then pay them taxes. If they ask for a total audit
trail on off-line transactions, tell them it's impossible.  If they forbid
off-line transactions because of decreased tax revenue, show them the
potential for increased taxes on your operation to make up for it, and show
them that you'll follow IRS cash handling protocols just like banks do.
Like I've said before, it's a rare parasite which kills its host.
If somebody tries to send out a million-quarter attack, it's known how to
detect it and to stop it.  If someone gets away with it, it's known how to
hunt them down and send them to jail. No matter where they are.
The point is, we're closer to digital cash than we think.  I think that
estimates for the delivery of working code for all of the above are way
overestimated. I think that the cost of regulatory compliance is way
overrated, especially if banks can see a way to make a moderately risk-free
living from it. I think the cost of catching a thief and proving he stole
money is the same it has always been.
I'll sit down now. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:17:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
I suppose what I meant was is there any fully identified offline digital
cash system in the literature. I haven't heard of any from secondary
sources, like around here, or from my cursory reading of Schneier, for
The penalty for imprecision on a mail-list of scientists is blown
bandwidth.  My apologies.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:16:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
Fallacy of Composition. If every vendor pays a few hundredth of a cent to
that million it's a cost of doing business. The number I had thrown at me
for credit card fraud is 3%. That's a monstrous amount of money if you saw
it one place. You don't see the credit card companies the banks getting out
of the business, do you? You don't see sellers who accept AMEX or Visa
refusing to accept those cards? The userous fees and reserve requirements
against the vendor's own fraud cause some vendors to pull out, but the cost
of outright credit card fraud to vendors and banks is, while noticible, not
a deal-killer as far as they're concerned.
And then Irving's spouse-equivalent Sam catches Irving in bed with another
guy and rats on him to the police in a fit of jealous rage. Or Irving
spends too much money in the wrong place and gets ratted on, or a
competitor rats on him, as criminals are wont to do upon each other, or
Lichtenstein, who does so much business with tax evaders that they don't
Really Want to Besmirch their Name with Mere Criminals, decides to finger
Irving. Or, maybe, just maybe, Irving has to make a living and, in order to
keep his spouse-equivalent in the style to which he's become accustomed,
repeats himself one too many times. Thus Dick, a detective, sends him to
jail the old fashioned way. With police work.
God knows (she told me last night she knows :-)) that no system by itself
is superior. As Hal(?) said here recently, expect a mix of systems.
However, please note that any offline system where the receiver of cash
runs right to the underwriter and cashes out is a defacto online system,
without the cost of a live link. And, yes Virginia, offline cash is a
superior network solution because it's just plain cheaper.  You don't need
to keep a bank wired in, you don't need all the other costs (I should just
bind the list to a key and paste them in) you get with online systems.
One should rely on law enforcement to the extent that it creates privacy.
If you can call a cop and he throws a mugger in jail, and you can go about
your business otherwise, that's cool.  If you can shoot the mugger when he
tries to shoot you, it's messy but it's cool.  If there's a way to deal
with preventing accidental double spending, or indemnifying those victims
of accidental double spending, that's cool. If it takes a cop to slap a few
frauds in jail for deliberate double spending, that, too, is also cool.
You don't have to lobby governments all over the globe. You just get them
to enforce their own laws about theft. Let's see, in Tehran, it's your left
hand for the first offense... Uh, I hate to break this to you, but startups
do this all the time.  With enough success that a business will do it the
next time if the crime happens twice, I might add.
As far as Binky, the Third Horse of the Apacolypse (otherwise known as as
the Illegal Drug Trade), that's a tough one....Hey, I got it! Let's charge
them with money laundering!  Wow, I'm surprised I thought of *that* one...
Cool. Should be caught before it gets out of hand, probably in prototyping,
seing as how "double spending" is the semantic bug highest on the wanted
list once the app comes up without barfing, I bet. If not in beta testing.
Maybe even once it's gone out there; not much by then.  The point is, look
at bug occurance distributions in any development process and tell me what
the chances of this particular kind of bug poping up once a piece of code
has gone into production. Homeopathy doesn't even play with percentages
that small...
Then, the purchaser is probably legally bound to run those notes through
the underwriter to find out if they've been spent. If the network burps,
you say "excuse you" and if the money bounces and nobody's tried to spend
it twice on purpose, the "trade" will just "DK" (don't know) until it
settles on it's own. Typically, this means sending a notice to the person
who spent the money twice so he knows to expect a call from a redeemer who
got burned. If that doesn't happen, Burp Over, Man...
The reason that you want an offline system is that you can point to point
clearing of transactions without the involvement of a third party like a
bank.  A third party you have to pay at the very least, a party you have to
develop a sophisticated and costly relationship with at most, and at the
very most a party you have to invent outright down to the protocols for
working with them.
With an offline system, you have an underwriter, a means to convert money
on and off the net into real money somewhere, the buyer, and the seller.
Only two of whom are necessary at any one time to effect a transaction.  In
other words, it can happen now and it doesn't presuppose a clusterfuck
infrastructure (no anger intended there, I'm going to propose "clusterfuck"
as an official jargon word here real soon now) which is too contingent to
be compilable, much less economical, right now.
The point in the entire above section is "thousands of vendors".  Again,
the fallacy of composition. Bob, a Buffalo, ;-) is becoming extinct, in
other words. Becoming extinct is not something one buffalo can do. A few
cents per transaction doesn't show up as a big deal to one vendor, to the
underwriter, it's at the very least a pain in the ass, and worth calling
the cops about, even if the people bringing in that double spent cash don't
really care much.  You forget also that the point of concentration of all
this fraud is the underwriter. Since you have the miscreant identified, nym
or not, they you can sick our friend Dick, noted above, onto the case.
Yes, when we all have Dark Fiber, and all is valhalla, online transactions
will be Virtually Frictionless. (Sounds sexual, doesn't it? I bet it is, at
that...) In the meantime, offline digital cash works now. Or at least it's
claimed to work now, by most people on this list.  All we need to do is try
it out.
My, that was fun. Sorry for attacking you so vociferously, but I don't know
who you are... ;-). Somehow, I feel I can get away with it. Not fair at
all, I'm sure.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:17:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
True enough, but if there was a way for a bank to benefit (underwriting
referral fees) from an off-line cash settlement mechanism, they might want
to jump into that market with both feet.
What this means the possibility of "institutional" digital cash.
OK. So, you just up the denominations and let corporations settle their
cash business on a point to point basis.
The banks take a fee at the gate each time a digital cash certificate is
issued. In this case, you can really call these "digital banknotes" as Eric
preferrs, because such a euphamism will keep the IRS at bay for a few
minutes. These won't be done offline, because corporate treasurers will
scream for the interest. However, they will be useful for international
trade because of their transmission efficiency, and and probably their
security. Everyone's happy.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:17:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Eric, what would that "few million for a good study" buy?  Might it not be
wiser spent on a full-blown market test, using software prototypes?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:17:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
If you mean the transaction that occurs between the net as a whole and
underwriter. I agree. There may be lots of non-trivial transactions on the
net in the meantime, however. Nevertheless I'll keep using "suspension
account" until I'm disabused of it, for lack of a more descriptive word,
than for anything else.
As an aside, most finance professors consider accounting to be applied
finance. I expect that accountants don't take to that kindly, however.
"Float" reminds me of "kiting checks", for some reason, so I'm glad not to
use it now.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:17:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Unfortunately, Eric, I think you'll agree in hindsight that financial
structure and legal structure is a little more tightly coupled than that.
The law and the enforcebility of agreements is what makes financial
instruments exist.  Their behavior is a direct result of their legal
underpinnings. Thus, the financial structure is the legal structure. The
financial behavior of a security can thus be predicted just by assuming the
efficacy of the legal system they're written in.
If you break the law or agreements creating a market, say if people didn't
make their margin calls and got away with it, there wouldn't be a market on
margin for very long. Thus, by collateralizing what you would call a
digital banknote, you are agreeing with the person you issued it to that at
the very least, that dollar-for-dollar, there's money to back the note up.
By the way, I figured out just now why this can't be called a digital bank
note, though I can't figure out what to call it except digital cash for the
time being. Digital cash isn't issued by a bank in the scenario I outlined,
at least a bank of deposit. The issuing underwriter isn't anymore a bank
than an institution offering any other piece of collateralized paper, like
GNMA, a railroad offering an equipment mortgage bond, whatever.
But it does, Eric. Especially if the underwriter says at the outset that
the money's secured (collateralized).  If money isn't secured dollar for
dollar, especially in the early stages, you get a whole mess of legal, not
to mention financial problems.  It should be possible to keep an issue of
digital cash fully collateralized (secured) and still make money.
Again, Eric, if one digital cash underwriter has to unwind a fully
collateralized bunch of digital cash, what's the problem?  If the
underwriter isn't fully collateralized, he's in violation of his issuance
covenants and is likely to be sued by the trustee for the instruments, at
the very least, long before a run on the cash started.  Thus, the
shareholders of the company doing the underwriting take the hit for a
bankruptcy, while the suspension account and the portfolio backing it may
not even have to be unwound at all.  They may simply be transferred to
another underwriter for safer keeping.
It's not at all like banks, where they get to make money by creating a
little, and thus should have insurance to keep the their liabilities and
their reserve requirements.  Having a fully collateralized digital cash
(for lack of a better term) system is pretty simple to do from a financial,
and legal standpoint.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-27 22:17:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
Just getting caught up here. Started backwards, and cut out most of what is
addressed already.  I swore I wouldn't touch Tim's posts, for all the
trouble I seem to get into when I do, but, well, here goes, anyway...
I thought that was the definition of off-line, Tim. If you can be
reasonably certain, without running to the issuer on every transaction,
that a piece of digital cash will be worth a dollar when you cash it out to
get it off the net, then you have something whose existential properties
make it acceptable, right? If you have to run a piece of paper money to a
bank in order to cash it into something more stable wouldn't you consider
that more of an "on-line" transaction?
I really like this concept in a bunch of different applications, most
importantly, the ability to keep my personal history out a gajillion
databases someday.
Tim put a whole lot of stuff here, all of which I agree with, including the
concept of whoever gets to the train locker first, gets the loot. Except
I'm confused about why he doesn't think that if confidence is maintained in
the very same online scenario he just described (chaumian blinding, etc),
that extending it to off-line use is not too difficult, and that for a very
large percentage of transactions may be more useful, *if* the veracity of
the digital cash is still there.
I think that people *will* do predominately on-line transactions early on,
in a scheme which uses the ability to pass cash through several
transactions before getting cashed out.
I believe that if I were an underwriter, I would get more business if
off-line transactions were pretty much as safe as on-line ones.  That
implies exposing double spenders, and that may or may not imply positive
identification.  In schemes where I have an ATM gate, I let the referring
bank vouch for the identity of the person buying digital cash with real
money. It's also easy to see that only a bank customer (and thus
identified) could bring cash off the net to be deposited either.   It's
easy to see how there may be holes in this scenario over time. And, if a
"self-credentialed" nym out there touches a piece of cash in the daisy
chain, who cares?  If that same nym double-spends money I underwrote, then
the person who shows up at my "train locker" is shit out of luck, but they
have the identity of whoever dunnit (however useful that may be). As
underwriter, however, I reserve the right to go after the offending
double-spender with a pair of dull spoons (or with the law, whichever is
easier) if he did it on purpose, because he's messing with the efficacy of
my business.
I agree. This is why cash which unmasks double-spenders is important.
This, and other "perfect crime" argments make me a little bit
uncomfortable. But not because they're right. It's because there's a forest
and trees mentality at work here that's readily apparent to people outside
the argument. It's like Alexander and the Gordian Knot. Just cut the damn
thing in half.
In this case, even though there's a perfect double blind, there are still
two crimes being committed, (buying a hit, killing someone, three really,
acting as agent for a hit). All unknown, all untraceable. The person who
ordered the hit knows he did it. The person who arranged the hit knows she
did it. The person who made the hit knows he did it. At some point one or
all links in that chain of silence will break. In normal criminal procedure
that's it. All is known. In this case it isn't. But, on a separate,
independent basis, one of those people *ever* tells anyone, that person
knows, and maybe snitches someday.  Depending on how perfect the criminal
is, evidence will be left, confessions will be made, and, who knows, maybe
the guilty party goes to jail.  Actually, that's how most cases are solved.
Someone rats on somebody, and gives the cop an excuse to snoop around and
find something else which incriminates the culprit.
The upshot is, the independence of the events doesn't make a crime less
amenable to most criminal procedure.  It's like our friend Binky, the third
(International Drug Trafficking) horse of the apocolypse.  There isn't a
direct chain of evidence linking him to each and every crime he directly
committed, much less the second and third order effects of his actions.
But he was there in Columbia with a monsterous pile of cash and no visable
means of support. Hung with other drug types. If it walks like Binky, and
quacks like Binky, hey, it's Binky, right? Find a few times when he was
messy, find a few snitches, presto, changeo, Binky's in jail.
You can assume all the perfect crimes you want, but, just like the argument
about the evil guy in Plato's Symposium, who did only right deeds but was
an evil man nonetheless, you come to silly conclusions.  People aren't
perfect. They screw up more often than not. They get caught.  When they
don't get caught, that's tough, but I wouldn't bet the rent on the
possibility of it consistently happening.
So do offline systems, I thought. I thought it was easier to do an offline
trade with a nym, than an online one.  I bet that you would have a huge
problem putting up an anonymous on-line system. Without fiating your own
country into the argument, I mean.
How about a single system that covers both. Isn't it the case that when a
seller in an otherwise offline system deposits cash directly upon receipt
(possibly while the receipt of cash is happening) you have something
equivalent to an on-line system?
Isn't it also the case that if the last person to the train locker loses,
then trust of nyms will be sort of forced to happen eventually? It seems to
me that people won't waste their time instantly depositing their digital
cash revenue the second they get it if the currency doesn't get bounced.
There. Let me say here that Tim May is one of the major reasons I read this
list.  This posting that I'm replying to is easily the best one he's made,
probably anyone's made, since I got here a few months ago.
Having said that, fully expect him to piss on my shoes, for any of a number
of reasons.  I've put on my sea boots as precaution. Fire away, Tim. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 12:01:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Golbal Econ. 
Damn straight.
The major reason I got interested in digital cash and this list in the
first place, and why I'm interested in building the capability to
underwrite digital cash now, is to sell and buy code, information and maybe
professional services, someday *very* soon, quickly, easily, *and* cheaply.
The best way to do that is to make something happen, right now, with
whatever's available. As long as
1.) there's the necessary functionality in the code, and that includes
2.) the user interface, and it's possible to
3.) bash the existing financial/legal structure to make it fit (paint to
then we, myself included, have no excuses anymore.
Seeing that
1 has been agreed to by acclamation on this list many times, and most
people believe that secure WWW/Mosaic handles 2. That leaves 3.
Making changes in the way business is done is almost the whole point of
going into business. Change is what makes money . (Aside:
see Joel Mokyr's _The Lever of Riches: Technological Creativity and
Economic Progress_ about this, one of my favorite books on economic
history.) Fear of modifying the existing business order is what's limiting
what may be a very real market in providing liquidity for interenet
commerce. That fear is a bugbear. It's a monster in the closet. It ain't
real, folks.
The laws are there to support digital cash, from very tightassed
hypersecure online internet versions of the ATM box at your supermarket
checkout stand, to offline digital cash schemes like my current pet
business model. The banking/finance structure is there as long as they see
a way to make money, the only thing left to do is find out if the market is
there.  The way to do that is to pick the cheapest, most secure technology
to implement, and go for it.
Yeah, what he said. It's time to implement something.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 12:53:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Golbal Econ. 
Most of this can be done in civil law. It's done all the time in the
securities markets. If you have certificate which is collateralized, by an
agreement between the issuer and the purchaser, and thus the entire
transaction chain until the certificate is redeemed, monitored by an
independent trustee, then you have a stable exchange mechanism for internet
commerce. International trades of securities like this are made in amounts
in the trillions of dollars every day.
All collateralized bonds have this feature. The extension of this to an
offline digital cash issuance agreement is trivial.
Secure transactions are here already. They're obtained by using public key
crypto to pass transaction information, including the digital certificates
and any information or software, or purchase order/invoice, between buyer
and seller.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 12:53:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: crypto anarchy thoughts 
Any argument which uses anonymity as the first cause for implementing a
digital cash system deserves to lose. Like sophisticated engraving,
intaglio printing, and a zealous anti-counterfeiting effort, strong crypto
and zealous anti-double spending efforts are the technologies which enable
trust in a digital cash certificate for it's own sake. The trust of that
certificate is what lowers costs a transaction using it to the point where
vendors don't need security deposits to back up their credit card float,
and where direct connection to a trusted third-party aren't necessary for
that or a debit card transaction. It also obviates the need of identifying
who you get it from.
It's money that's the issue here. Same as it ever was. Privacy, and maybe
even crypto-anarchy or anarcho-capitalism, is the icing on the cake.
A digital cash issuer (an underwriter) doesn't have to be domiciled in an
imaginary foriegn country in order to survive. It can sit in New York, or
Boston (I hope...), or (horrors) Washington DC. I expect that maybe someday
banks may eventually hold portfolios of outstanding digital cash, and it's
easy to see an eventual secondary (derivative) markets for bundles of
digital cash, in the same way mortgages are handled.  It's also easy to see
how it will be easier to leave it the underwriters to handle the stuff in
the beginning, and for a bank to get commissions for referring customers to
a specific underwriter.
In this model, the "money broker" is actually the issuer and the bank
simply is an agent, like in traveller's checks.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 20:15:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Golbal Econ. 
I'd like to take a crack at this one. In the offline business model I'm
mucking around with, the bank is responsible for "vouching" for the
purchaser. An ATM gateway (which requires a bank) is how cash is sent to
and from the underwriter. This cash is used to pay for and collateralize
the digital certificates. And when cash is brought off of the net, the ATM
gate serves as a place to send a "deposit" of the redeemer's cash.
Banks get a commission for this. In addition, an institutional bank is also
the trustee for the suspension account, which collateralizes the cash on
the net. There are fees for that.
The mechanics of getting paid are pretty straightforward.  The size of the
market is probably the most important question. I hold no illusions about
this, but I think the costs of entry are still such that with reasonable
royalty demands and with falling prices for equipment and network access a
business could be started the proverbial garage (OK, 1000 ft or less of
class b office space) and survive.  Costs of entry will continue to go up,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 20:15:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Golbal Econ. 
No, for individuals transacting business with commercial entities. The NYT
article we disparaged for being rediculuously overdue is a case in point.
I don't think so. If an underwriter has a standard purchase agreement with
the purchaser, much like all the fine print we see in a packet of Amex
checks but never read, which stipulates a collateralized certificate and
that agreement is issued thousands or millions (someday billions?) of
times, then what's the difference between that and one agreement for a
single trade between commercial parties?
I'd call that scalable, wouldn't you?
Okay. If the issuer is a trusted third party creating an exchange item of
value.  There is no promise required by any party except the issuer's
promise to show up fork over physical cash on a one-for-one basis when the
certificate is redeemed.
I think that the presupposition here is an underestimate, but it still may
not be enough to support an underwriter just yet. It's an underestimate
because CommerceNet is still an on-line business trying to get the "cream"
of the market, largeish transactions. Their financial partner, Bank of
America, is trying to do what it knows, which is credit cards and checks.
However, the ability of small vendors of information to make low-cost
transactions of practically any size is where the money will be, I believe.
I believe that the things you may be able to buy on the internet are legion
with just a little more bandwidth: music, information, software, on-line
consultations, maybe even a movie ;-). The most important thing is that
offline transactions with internet cash may enable much more granularity in
the transaction base.  There may be money for a business which underwrites
those transactions.  There has been some discussion here about much larger
business-to-business cash transactions using the same idea, but that's not
what I'm talking about here.
I think that a presence as an underwriter of internet cash is sort of an
option on market participation as the market grows. It may be that the
experience may be worth something over time.
Who knows?
I'll tell you a story. I really got hit over the head with the idea that
internet commerce was possible when I read one of the first issues of
Wired, and there was this MTV VJay, of all people, saying that the record
companies will go out of business as soon as somebody figured out how to
"upload" money to the musicians themselves.
This started me thinking, and I ran a bunch of Nexis searches on internet,
and came up with "cypherpunks". Joy.
The point is, whenever I think about internet commerce, I think about
someone buying a copy of a song from a musician as the lowest level of
economic granularity.  What I get is an offline cash system.
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 20:15:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Golbal Econ. 
I don't see why an offline system couldn't qualify for all of the above.
In an offline system, the underwriter's collateral position can be
monitored by a trustee, which is itself audited also. This takes care of
the contents of the "railroad locker". If the currency is consistently
redeemed without the spectre of double spending, then the reputation of the
currency increases. That should be taken care of with proper fraud
detection and enforcement.
Amen. As I said previously on this list, if I'm an underwriter, and a
legitimate customer comes up to my redemption window with a previously
spent cash, he may be out the money, but I'm out the reputation of my
product.  Prosecuting fraud is the ultimate solution to this problem, but
it's obvious that the above methods make perfect sense to protect the
integrity of either off-line or on-line system.
Thanks, Jim. I agree with Tim. I always learn something when you put
something up.
In particular, I'm now thinking about what happens if the risk of double
spending is small enough to insure against.  That would effectively do what
issuers of credit cards or traveler's checks do when their products are
"double spent". Make the victim whole and run the culprit to ground.  For
credit cards, it's cheap enough (3%) for them to self insure, with a
vigilant enforcement effort.
Unfortunately, there's probably a "frontier" stage at first, where the
currency is more at risk. It is a caveat emptor situation, with Wyatt Earp
for enforcement of the integrity of the underwriter's cash certificates.
The brain grinds away. I hope I'm not stripping gears...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 20:15:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: e-cash underwriting 
The more I think about this, Eric, the more I think I caved in too early.
Can you explain exactly how charging a back-end load on a digital cash
certificate prevents double-spending?
This reminds me of the previous discussion of holding a person's cash bond
hostage for good behavior.  In this case, you're holding unencumbered
redemption rights hostage and reducing transaction costs in relation to the
person's relative risk. I think I get it now. I sort of took it on faith
before, but I'm not so sure all this is necessary, see below.
I think that the business model I've been proposing may handle this a bit.
In order for someone to cash out, they need to be able to speak to an ATM
machine, which implies a bank-acceptable identity (whatever that means).
It allows for nyms to trade offline, and it banks on being able to catch
the nym by police work (Ace Ventura, Nym Detective!) if a
"self-credentialed" nym double spends. Since most fraud schemes require a
nym to do it, web-of-trust stuff would have to apply in the case of
transactions with nyms. It's ugly, but it should work.
I'm pretty sure I'm a little more loosey goosey about this. I think that
there may be enough of an enforcement mechanism even if nyms remain
completely anonymous.
Robert Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 20:16:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cash, cheaters, and anonymity 
So much for the observer protocol. Sigh.
Tim, I think that we can equivocate an enormous amount about the phrase
"some time" above. It is entirely possible to move whatever money you get
in a transaction off the net at little or no cost, especially if the
currency in question is front-end loaded, instead of back-end loaded,
immediately after the transaction happens. It may also be possible to
"test" an arbitrary piece of cash during an offline transaction by
depositing it before accepting any more.
However, the nice thing about using about an otherwise offline system in a
near-online scenario, like the one above, is that you aren't wedded to
using it all the time. If you can trust the cash you get, then your costs
should be lower. Setting up a system like it can happen faster with less
overhead for the issuers, also, so I expect that the first profitable
digital cash systems will probably offline ones.
How you feel about that satisfying "clink" sound, when you deposit that
cash immediately upon receipt in your favorite online system, I can't
really help you with...
Light dawns on marblehead. The problem becomes allowing a nym to take his
money off the net. We run into the law here if the money is too much at one
time. Personally, I don't have any problems with preventing this, but I see
precisely how this is diametrically opposed to the manefesto of this list.
Can't we simply have a bank somewhere which accepts questionable, even
anonymous credentials? Don't we have those already? It seems to me that
Credit Suisse has every right to put up their own ATM gate on the net. The
ability to unmask a double spending nym shouldn't be any harder than
finding a nym who has created his own credentials in the first place, which
means waiting for him to repeat himself and screw up, you wait for someone
close to him to snitch, and you make sure he can't use the same nym again.
It's entirely possible that ontology may repeat phylogeny. Offline systems
like cash always presage more complicated systems. I'm just curious whether
if on offline system is implemented because it's easier, people will go
through the extra effort of messing with an offline system except when they
want to borrow something, like when they want to use a credit card.  It's
not entirely clear to me that on line systems are the "climax forest" of
the internet ecology. But as Hal and Tim have said in this thread, the
market will decide.
I think that an offline cash underwriting market is just about ready for
competitors to enter it.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-08-28 20:16:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In Search of Genuine DigiCash 
Open mouth. Insert sea boot. That's what I get for shooting everything that moves. I think I even
remember this now. I should have remembered it before I opened my mouth.
Sorry. Fully identified digital cash is basically a digital check. Got it.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-09-06 20:00:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Reputation Capital papers? 
Try this...
I didn't drop off the face of the earth, I just got a hot project thrown
into my lap.  I really want to come back and talk about offline cash some
more,  but I won't have a chance for a bit.
Anyway this thread is way cool....
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-09-13 10:22:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: WSJ, CyberCash, and the Falling Barometer 
On the front page of today's (9/13/94) Wall Street Journal Marketing
section (Page B-1, lower right hand column) is an article about internet
commerce. It talks about a group of companies who formed a consortium
called CyberCash. The companies and players include the guy who started
Interop, and RSA.  They are claiming the ability to do credit cards and
bank drafts and they say they are in negotiations with Chaum about
licencing digital cash. Anonymity was specifically mentioned as a
distinguishing marketable feature of digital cash. They still don't get it,
but they will soon enough, I suppose.
BTW, there was a veiled reference to Bibliobytes(?).  At least the WSJ got
their story straighter than the Times did.
Like I said before, Secure Mosaic meant that "Wallets" and "Cash Registers"
for digital cash were imminent.  They're not imminent anymore, they're
here, and they were just announced at Interop this week.
I should have realized something was up, the barometer was falling at a
pretty good clip.
It started when I was chatting offline with someone from buyinfo and they
said that they were under non-disclosure about something very big, but that
I would know about it when Interop opened.
Then, last Tuesday, I got an interesting cold call from a stringer for a
largeish venture capital outfit in Menlo Park. He was doing due dillegence
and wanted to ask me some questions about Internet Commerce, and in
particular, about digital cash. I told him what I knew, and referred him to
some of the senior members of these lists for much better information. I
bent his ear a bit about off-line cash underwriting, and I hope it's
healing now.  I also sent him all of the traffic I had archived since I
subscribed to cypherpunks having to do with the internet and the economics
thereof. He had the buyinfo and imp-interest archives already.
He seemed to think a "schmooze" conference on e$, including invitations to
all the usual crypto suspects, plus people in financial operations,
regulatory, political, and the institutional investor community might be a
good idea.
When I came back from a hike(!) in the White Mountains this weekend, I
found at long last a reply to my query to DigiCash, Inc. for information.
I answered the beta test questionnaire they sent me and sent it back.
The barometric pressure was going down very fast all last week, and I
didn't even realize it until this morning.
My wife got a membership at the Harvard club.  A couple of months ago we
decided it was time for me to exercise (I push 350), so I work out in the
morning there and walk back to the office in my house here in Roslindale
(about 7 miles) about 3 or 4 times a week. (ever see the senior senator
from Massachusetts' bare butt? You will... Harvard Club)
This morning, when I looked at the Journal in the locker room, I let out a
whoop. (not from seeing Teddy. From seeing the WSJ e$ article.) I was born
in El Paso. I whoop a lot. Everyone in the locker room looked at me like I
was from Yale, or something. Jeez. I hope we don't get blackballed.
A very happy Tuesday to you all,
Bob Hettinga
Oh. If anyone's crazy enough to want to work on the technology part
(development and integration and eventual operations) for very small
startup offline digital cash underwriter, let me know. I've already started
talking to a finance guy and a (very) part-time treasury management person.
It also looks like the legal stuff has been figured out, or CyberCash
wouldn't have done a triple-gainer into the pool like that.
Any job offer would be contingent upon funding, of course. ;-).
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-09-15 11:30:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Multi-Industry Coalition Framework - NII (fwd) 
Thought you folks would want to see this...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-09-18 16:49:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: terrorist FORTRESS SLEUTH remailers & FORTRESS lists 
I agree with Eric.
I was raised by a chronic societal pessimist, one of the last words of whom
that I remember was "I have seen the Golden Age of America and it's over".
It annoys me just a little when, looking backwards, people trip over a
paradigm shift. It's even worse when they don't know they've tripped.
It's like yelling "theatre" in a crowded fire. Or something.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-09-18 16:49:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Hey. I get it. Solon. Lawyer. Nym.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-09-19 04:59:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Someone out there asked:
Sorry. Operating with sparse data in "terse" mode again...  Here's the
verbose, shaky memory version.
I think Solon (called after he died "the lawgiver") was a, well, tyrant, of
Athens. Tyrants in ancient Greece tended to be dictatorial in the modern
sense. They weren't born to the job. They stole it fair and square, so the
job was theirs. (BTW, the job "Dictator" comes from Rome, where it was an
ad hoc, special purpose office granted by the senate with unlimited power
for a finite term, usually 2 years. The finite term was supposed to be a
check against abuse. Ceasar liked the job so much he wanted to keep it for
life, so they snuffed him. Didn't do them any good.)
Anyway. According to legend, Solon wrote, by himself for the most part, the
laws Athens operated under during the Periclean, "golden" age of its
history. Can't remember whether he stepped down after he did it, but the
laws he wrote, including most of the ones we call "democratic", stayed in
place after he died.
So. SOLONg has several puns in "his" name. One, Solon "the lawgiver", like
"I speak law". Two, So Long, Solon, like, "so long laws". Since "his" first
post was a legal one, he (I'll take the quotes off because the original
Solon was male) must be a lawyer or a law student, or someone who is
neither who wants to sound like they are.
Basing the nym on Solon the lawgiver is a little pretentious, but, hey,
what you expect for what turn out to be free legal counsel on cypherpunk
issues, a focus-group-tested nym?
In the meantime, we have someone at least claiming legal credentials
willing to put an oar in here every once in a while. With our friend Vinny
"The Pro" Bono, (rumored relation to an ex-mayor), that makes two anonymous
lawyers on the list that I know of. That is good thing, I think. Time will
tell of course, whether that really is the case...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-09-19 15:08:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Ah. I see. Then this stuff on my face is egg, no?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-09-20 05:16:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Ah. Yes. Well. I seem to have been fried, now. I'd better stand back a bit. This looks like it's going to be interesting.
I may even learn something...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-10-04 16:29:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: HTTP authentication efforts 
One pointer, coming up!
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-10-06 15:49:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Cash Site 
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-17 15:02:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Fundies! 
I'm beginning to understand Mssrs May and Hughes' peeves about this kind of
Could you folks please take this discussion offline.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-17 15:13:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Fundies! 
Oops.  That's what I get for not finishing my mail before firing off those
Tim, as usual, said it better than I could.  I don't retract the following,
I just apologize for it's redundance..
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-18 20:13:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
Indeed. No offense offered Amanda, but a scruffy 200dpi gif of your sig is
taking your point over the top, yes? Net Goddess or no...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-20 19:26:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$ spam: New First Virtual mailing list 
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-20 19:28:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: I Like ASCII, not MIME and Other Fancy Crap 
It was funny(?) the first time. Stop it. You're annoying people.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-21 12:34:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: NYT on MS Network 
I feel like Deke Slayton talking for Gus Grissom in _The _Right_Stuff_.
What John's sayin' here is that there's a two article section in the New
York Times about 1) MS Network(tm) and 2) MS's new VP for Global Network
Assimilation, freshly filched by Microsoft from Proctor and Gamble a few
weeks ago.
What John's sayin' here is that he's got a mailbot which'll send you a copy
of both articles if you send him mail with "NET_puf" in the subject line.
Since there's a "bot on the other end of the message, anything in the
message doesn't really matter.
What John's sayin' here is that he's not posting the whole thing to the
list in the interest of bandwidth, and, to prove his heart's in the right
place, he'll keep his pointer to the article as terse as possible.
What John's *not* sayin' here is how much a lot of us appreciate his access
to these articles, cryptic pointers and all.
By the way, I agree with Tim . MicroBorg's nominalistic
imperialism of the english language is starting to gag me. MS Word(tm), MS
Windows(tm), MS Network(tm), indeed.  There oughta be a law..... ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-22 12:34:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: MEMS 
One of the first places I read about this personal transponder stuff was in
a book by G.K. O'Neill, of space colony fame. The book _2081_ (published in
1981, obviously), talks among other things (he thought magnetic levitated
trains in evacuated tunnels were *way* cool) about transponders, and the
uses of them in all kinds of computing, including electronic commerce of a
sort: pick up the object you want to buy in a store and walk out with it.
The store's systems know what the object is, who you are, and sends a
message to your bank to deduct the amount from your account.
He thought we were going to have to give up privacy to get this boon (and
others which I can't remember), but with PKC and blind signatures, we know
better now.
Of course we also know now that he was copying Xerox PARC ubiquitous
computing studies straight into his Apple II, but I had never heard of
PARC, much less ubiquitous computing, and was amazed by the idea at the
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-22 16:06:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Voice PGP, When? 
Remembering of course what happened when these words were last used seriously...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-11-26 18:33:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PRIVACY DIGEST 
Naw, *that* book is called "Steal This Carbon Monoxide Tank".
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-02 05:34:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Scalability of Ecash System / Article on Internet Cash available. 
Filched from buyinfo, where they've been talking a lot about e$ lately...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-02 21:29:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Scalability of Ecash System / Article on Internet Cash available. 
Oops. Sorry folks. That's what I get for letting my outbound mail stack up...
Call it a prequel to the Brands excluded thread...
Sorry again. Long story.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-04 16:01:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$ spam: Announcing availability of NetCheque 
I remember c'punks laughing about the last Kerberos-based transaction I
heard about, the Gopher billing server at CMU, but I can't remember why...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-05 09:40:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ;-) The definitive argument for e$: tainted cash 
Fun Facts to Know and Tell About *Your* Legal Tender...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-11 14:48:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Real-time surveillance of the police 
Hard to forget Brin's description of little old ladies sitting on their
front porches, "armed" will full-sensoria headgear, laying in wait for
extremely uneducated juvenile miscreants... Humorous.
In "City of Angles", Kim Stanley Robinson(?) talks about just a virtuous
all-surveilling governmental "privacy" authority which is supposed
"protect" your privacy from the police, who had to subpoena the information
to get it.
I wonder if they're using an active/transponder system. That's what
O'Niell's Geostar system was designed with in the early '80's. It would
have put up cheaper sattellites and smaller earth transponders.  The way
you saved on transponder size was with very small bursts at very high
power. You could send a signal to a small net of satellites 30,000 miles up
with a box initially no bigger than an HP12C, and which would shrink more
with time.
The feds never liked Geostar 'cause they already had the passive/receiver
GPS in the works, and they wanted to "amortize" the social cost of an
essentially military (hence the requirement for a passive system) system on
the backs of commerce. The only thing which saved GPS for mere mortals like
us was the MIC's usual severe understimate of Grove's Law and the
exponential cost effectiveness of integrated circuits over time.
If my hunch is correct, with lots more local antennas, the power
requirements of the tranceiver, and as a result, the tranceiver size, gets
pretty small. Small enough to be worn on one's ankle.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-11 17:52:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Real-time surveillance of the police 
No invitatation to twenty questions intended. You could have sat quietly
and let me make a fool of myself (or not) without futher comment.
Since you have...
I believe if you reread what I wrote, I said that the accuracy with
satelites was considerable using a pretty small box to begin with (for
instance, the Geostar satellite-based system's predicted accuracy was about
6 inches in two dimensions and two meters in three dimensions), but that
with local antennae (say every block or so) you could have pretty
phenomenal accuracy the the signal was possible. If you put embedded
antennae in the walls (we put wires in walls already, yes?) you could get
accuracy enough to precision mill with ;-).
So, given your reference to ground-based radio, I think we're in "violent
agreement here".
The application of this to physical commerce has been discussed here
before. Just pick up a tagged item and walk out of a store with it.  It
could be made anonymous, I bet.
A major nit, in my book, and one I'm standing on the wrong side of. I got
Andy Grove confused with Gordon Moore. It must because they look so much
alike. :-).
Grovelling in your general direction as always,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-25 05:26:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: To Cpunks EveryWhere 
Yeah, what she said. ;-)
(Holiday) Cheers,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-27 15:43:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Psst! Is Tim here?
        What? He's on vacation?
        Cool.
dmandl> No one was suppressing anything or in any way attempting to stop
the flow
dmandl> of information.  They were just expressing their opinions.  Just because
dmandl> _you_ were unhappy with those opinions, that's no reason to hurl
dmandl> of censorship around.
dmandl> I can refuse to give help to anyone I don't feel like helping, and
if I feel
dmandl> like giving him a piece of my mind in the process, that's my
business and his.
unicorn>> Q: "How do you attack X?"
unicorn>> A: "Realistically X should not be attacked, because to allow the
unicorn>> widespead lack of confidence in X will destroy society as we know
it, and
unicorn>> anyhow it's nasty."
dmandl> Great, I've always wanted to be a simple input-output machine.
dmandl> Pseudo-individualist Republican rubbish...
As a pedigreed piece of Pseudo-individualist Republican rubbish (PIRR)
myself, I take exception to that remark. Associating noble PIRR with
pseudonyms named for inappropriately-colored fictional creatures really
gets my, ahem, goat.
It seems to me the proper answer to the original poster of this thread was
to greet it with a deafening silence. First, because the answer is trivial
given the technical level of this list (well, the average technical level,
anyway) and can be obtained elsewhere. Second, because there is such a
diversity of ethics, politics, and moral belief on this list, because the
fundemental nature of the technology we discuss here and its potential
impact on human society is so great, to address the question on its merits
would unleash enough verbal flatulatence (including my own, I'm afraid) to
rival even the best Mel Brooks epic.
To employ an appropriately PIRR sports metaphor, the question was a pitch
so *obviously* a slow lob over the plate, such an *easy* target for
flamage, that it should have been very apparent to anybody here that it
wouldn't have been fair at all to the pitcher to even swing at it.
Short of letting it fall into the mitt with a dull thud, a pointer to the
appropriate HAKK3r d00d list would have been the next best thing. This was
done. Next on the list would be actually answering the question as quickly
as possible. This was done. (Thank you, Perry.) The quierant will probably
not be able to execute the proper solution anyway. He'll probably run out
of steam before executing it, and if he does it anyway, he deserves all the
shit he'll find himself in upon decrypting those files.  We were all young
and stupid once. Some of us still are, it appears.
The posting was inadvertant flamebait, yes?
Let the rubble bounce already. Can we take the rest of the discussion
off-line now?
Bob Hettinga
P.S.  My apologies to M(s)r. 'Corn if I stepped on he/she/it's er, hooves.
I meant to cast no asparagas upon he/she/it's choice of nym-name.
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-29 16:23:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: HACK ATTACK 
They should do a Nova episode to set the record straight. Anyone know a
producer at WGBH in Boston?
I might, but the string may be a bit too skinny to pull on.  If anybody
wants to egg me on, send me e-mail, but there might be a more direct
connection than any I could dig up...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1994-12-31 11:48:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ANON_gee 
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-03 05:18:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous payment scheme 
Why not, "It's a pseudonym."?
Looks like an evangelistic opportunity to me. Pseudonyms can't be illegal,
or Mark Twain and Bob Dylan would have written from prison. ;-).
I also don't believe that you are legally required to produce ID for a
credit card purchase.  That was the point about those pictures on the front
of Citibank cards. Citicorp did that to get around the legal restrictions
on demanding ID to cope with the much larger issue of fraud. Most (smaller)
vendors hardly check the signature on the back, much less validating it
against a state ID, however.
Hmmm. What if you produced a pseudonym card *with* your picture on the
front?  I smell a market opportunity. Or not...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-04 09:50:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Warning letter from Co$. [any comments ?] 
This may be interesting. Practically the entire revenue stream for the
"Church" of "Scientology" comes from "sales" of this "literature".  If
someone publishes it on the internet anonymously, the revenue accounts of
the Co$ may become "Clear". Ahem.
Meanwhile, theology and philosophy departments everywhere are fighting for
funding to put most of the legitimate canon in their fields on the net for
                                                        ^^^^^
Bob R. Nott
       ^^^^
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-05 04:20:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: No Subject 
Factoids lifted from apple-internet-users
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-05 14:40:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: GIF_nip 
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-05 16:32:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: GIF_nip 
AAK! Eudora's "reply-to-all" strikes again!
Grovelling in your general direction,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-05 18:01:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: floating point crypto? 
I'm incensed.
I casually mentioned somewhere else that I saw something on this list about
floating-point math being used in crypto, contrary to popular belief, and
somebody had the *timerity* to call me on it. ;-).
I think it had to do with factoring, but maybe even in key-generation,
though that doesn't sound right at all...
So, are there c-punk archives I could look in? I remember hearing something
about that, too.
However, if someone remembers off the top of their head, or if they have an
actual copy of the posting, that would be great, too.
Please send me whatever it is by e-mail. No point cluttering the list more
than I already have...
Of all the nerve....
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-06 15:10:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: floating point crypto? 
Got that right. No one can be more chagrined than I about this, because
I've seen it happen. I remember Way Back in Ancient History (1985) when
someone who couldn't remember the name of the movie posted the plot to
"Slient Running" to net.sf(?), and asked for e-mail answers, so it
"wouldn't clog the newsgroup". He was begging for mercy as little as 4
hours later... How soon they forget. I'm lucky it didn't happen to me.
Thanks Tim, for saving my bacon.
Nonetheless, I *am* thankful to Jim Gillogly, who sent me a great bunch of
stuff about what the pentium.whistleblower, Dr. Nicely, was working on. Jim
said he got it out of WWW, and maybe he'll post the URL here and that will
be that. Nicely was working with finding multiple primes: Prime twins,
prime triplets, etc.
I will now proceed to post the relevant bits of Jim's and Tim's stuff to
the newsgroup I got "called" in. Thanks to everyone who sent me comments,
pointers, etc.
Having limited space on my poor PowerBook, I have kept mostly the "excrable
e$" types of files, to wit: anything mentioning money, finance, economics,
and whatever crypto is specific to those areas.
Since I started hanging out here this spring, I've accumulated about 10
megs of stuff between this list and www-buyinfo. I just archived everything
from November backwards into Stuffit-compressed Eudora mailboxes. If you
want those, I've got 'em. I did search the files I have after the "great
squeeze", but to no avail. Unfortunately, I did not think I would have to
keep anything to do with WIntel and their potential tribulations. I am,
after all a Certified Macintosh Bigot.
Thanks again, everyone.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-07 21:35:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: cipher magazine 
Someone just gave me this URL. It's probably in the cyphernomicon already,
but I had fun rooting around in here and thought I'd pass it around to
those who haven't seen it yet.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-11 04:40:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: credit card purchases 
Saw it there. Thought you might like it here...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-12 15:30:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft TrueName (tm) (fwd) 
Funny thing happened to me last night. I was talking to a guy who had seen
Fidelity's new WWW server (shhh! don't tell!) and it turns out he was the
guy who actually *had* bob.com. A third party approached him and asked him
if he wanted to sell the domain name. He did. He picked another domain
name, and last week someone called him if he wanted to sell his *new*
domain name. He said no, and they asked him if he would *rent* it to
Go figure.
Bob Hettinga
Eric, what'll you take for "remailer.net"? ;-).
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-12 15:30:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Available: Cash paper by anonymous FTP 
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-12 15:31:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Paper on NetCheque and requirements of network payment services 
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-17 13:52:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Netscape & future developments 
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-19 03:25:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Law of Electronic Commerce -- seminar announcement 
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-23 13:06:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: bruce serlings talk 
Got this from a friend:
I saw it here before. Is there a URL for it out there?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-23 13:51:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: bruce s(t)erlings talk 
^^^^^^^^
Uh, yes, well... I wonder if he's related to Rod...
S>T<erling, yes?
Post 'em first, and lot God sort them out...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-25 06:24:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Guilds, Friedman, and Web-servers for mutual funds 
'Scuse me while I pound on scripture a bit.
I tend to concur with the esteemed Milton Friedman, who said, in summary,
that the primary benefits of any regulation, licensing regulation in
particular, accrue to the licensee. The people left standing after
regulation prices their competition out of the market tend to do very well
There is a point here for cryptoanarchy, and I'll get to it in a minute.
Let's take the most hardened example of your point, and apply the logic of
Mr. Friedman, through the twisted filter of my logical processes, of
course. The poster child for this argument is of course, medicine. If, in
the late 19th century, the Food and Drug laws weren't passed, and the
guildification of the medical business didn't occur, what would medicine
look like today? I believe that the same scientific rigor would be applied
to the technology of medicine as has been done already. Too much money to
be made here finding real cures. Mobs would lynch/sue people who were
proven frauds by science and exposed as such in the press. So much for
licencing improving the "quality of practitioners".  I expect that medicine
would be less like Magick to us mere mundanes, and the apprentice/arcana
system that prevails may be in fact more subject to the laws of supply and
demand. In addition, if there weren't so many "rules" in the medical
business, the medical insurance business wouldn't be so non-competitive,
besides the inherent silliness of "insuring" a basic service like medicine.
Imagnine food insurance, or car repair insurance, patently uneconomic
"extended warrantees" notwithstanding.
OK. So what does this have to do with crypto. First, the whole
cryptoanarchic thing, which I include in this argument by fiat by pointing
to the Cyphernomicon: in this case, cryptodocs and their "Blade Runners"
(see Burroughs' book with the original title) will be able to practice
their trades with impunity, using regulatory arbitrage and outright
anonymity to defend themselves, relying on their success records with other
patients as their credentials. Second, instant settlement and electronic
commerce. With these tools you can buy any software (Video, Sound, Text,
Data) and their appropriate processing mechanisms from anywhere. You can
even buy "wetware" i.e. the time of an actual doc, and settle the trade
Speaking of settling trades with guilds, I had something beat me over the
head while watching CSPAN's nth replay of October's "Networked Economy"
conference. (Tape number 48765, $35, CSPAN, 202-737-3220) As much of this
stuff as I try to read or see, I hadn't seen this before until about three
weeks ago. A comment made on a panel discussion by Scott Cook, the
president of Intuit (Quicken), and erst-while-Mrs. Bingamon's-not-looking
Vice President of Electronic Commerce at Microsoft, really got my
attention. He was on this panel with the president of Mosaic (now
Netscape), and the Prince of Darkness Himself (I think this was still
before the MS/Intuit merger announcement), among others.
To wit,
You can sell anything digitable on the net.
Now we know about doctors ;-), movies, songs, information feeds,
jokes-of-the-day, and software, but how about this: Financial Services.
Financial services? Sure, Mr. Cook says.  All we need is a little
"mainframe peristroika". Securities are mostly traded on a book-entry
basis, that is, in IBM mainframe(still!) computer accounting systems . The
back offices are all automated. So what about the people at the front of
the house? When you call up Fidelity and talk to a phone rep, what are you
doing? You're talking to someone on the phone who's punching what you want
into a computer for you.  You can do that yourself on any good
World-Wide-Web browser, all of which are forms-capable, and even secure,
I've been doing consulting jobs with Fidelity off and on for a quite a few
years now.  I thought I knew where the people who would say "yes" to the
idea of web-publishing net-able information were. The same bunch had just
posted an opening for someone to go swing deals with the online services
(AOL, Compu$erve). So, I figure, how much could it possibly cost to hang a
web-server on the net with mutual fund blurbage, perspectuses, etc., on it.
A whole bunch less than it would take to negotiate and develop a
Fidelity-zone in AOL, yes?
Obviously, the next step would be to put up fund quotes, and then, when
secure-HTML and digital signatures work for real, the ability for people to
move their own money around by themselves.  They can do that now with a PIN
number and Fidelity's voice response system, so why not on a Web server
with NSA-proof security?
Someday, there may even be digital cash, or a reincarnated bearer security
business.  Chaum and others talk about anonymous voting schemes which make
great substrates for anonymous internet securities markets where anyone can
trade their securities without a stockbroker... Sound familiar, anyone?
Perry and Eric and I beat this to death six months ago or so. I took the
better part of the beating, if I remember...
So anyway, I went on a hunt for the bunch which was going to build
Fidelity's web-server. I found a huge mess of domain-name registrations
belonging to Fidelity. I found out that they have a T1 hooked up to
NearNet, that they had shown several people I know the pages they had for
Web server they're building, and it looks like they're bringing it online
real soon now, like a few weeks. Evidently, they've been there, done that,
or they're going to, anyway. Sigh.
Another new business idea bites the dust. Undaunted, maybe I should go to
Franklin/Templeton (Bahamas, anyone?), or Vanguard, or Pioneer, or Scudder,
and see if they're interested in keeping up with the Johnsons. :-).  Or
maybe not...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-01-27 13:45:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Wall Street Journal Article 
This Mossberg guy, to quote Mrs. Slocumb, really gets up my nose.
With apologies to the last flamewar's participants and MicroSquish
partisans, this bozoid monstrosity has historically demonstrated his
cluelessness and is living proof that no one got fired by buying IBM *and*
Every few weeks this clown shows up on the Paper of Record for the
Plutocracy of the Planet and positively warps space with his inaccuracies.
He probably learned to code in COBOL. He probably calls a microcomputer a
"terminal".  He probably calls a server a "host". He probably even has grey
hair... ;-).
The brain bleeds. The mouth froths.
Somebody needs to feed this guy's email address to Detweiler with the "tip"
that he's a tenticle of someone around here who's actually cluefull ...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-02-04 07:31:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: <none specified> 
Probably the best discussion of the available transaction
processing/settlement mechanisms is by Jason Solinsky. It's called "An
Introduction to Electronic Commerce", and though he probably hasn't updated
it since he wrote it a few months ago, he discusses NetCash there...
Take a bow, Jason.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-02-04 11:53:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: There is another NetCash 
Indeed. That was the point of the URL to Mr. Solinsky's excellent
introduction to the subject.
It is easy to see that the original NetCash isn't a digital cash system,
with its clearing of a single-use serial number transmitted unencrypted in
the clear, and with its "bank" settling the transaction through the telco
900-number system. Not having looked yet, I bet the "other" NetCash is
probably not Chaumian-equivalent digital cash either, or we'd have heard
more about it. It would be a pretty major accomplishment, especially if it
doesn't violate Chaum's patents.
As Eric has said here recently, we have to remember the difference between
transaction clearing (which First Virtual, for example, does well, at least
as a prima facie system) and transaction settlement (which FV does on the
back of the Visa/MC network), which is what a true cash-settlement system
would do in one stroke.
Someday, and not now, I would like to take up the cudgel and jumpstart the
old offline/online cash debate. I like offline cash because it doesn't
require a bank intervention at every transaction, double-spending cash and
"inside-job" private key theft notwithstanding...
Ah, well.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-02-08 14:04:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Effects of S.314 (Communications Decency Act) 
This reminds me of a joke I finally grew tired of, prescient though it may
have been given current legal events in Tennessee:
        It's illegal in Cambridge to smoke in Boston...
Most non-smokers, especially the reformed-smoker non-smokers, didn't think
that that one-liner was very funny. Most small-l libertarians had a hoot or
too about it though.  (Just like the punchline about how many radical
feminists it takes to screw in a lightbulb [A: That's really *not* funny.])
I guess I'll sit down now...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-02-11 05:38:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Privacy vs. Ubiquitous Video: NetCam; Wearable WebCam, etc 
Saw this in technomads. Not necessarily crypto, but certainly privacy related...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-02-13 05:42:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The NSA (Was Re: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions ) 
On the other hand, they also get forwarded to people not on the list who
may be interested, which helps.  Bruce's went to 3 or 4 mathematically
aware people I know. The work of Mssrs 'corn, Froomkin, Hughes, Finney,
May, et.al. get re-zinged all over the place by yours truly.
Some of us don't have the chops to comment on the  excellent
content of this list. We still appreciate the work.
Thanks to all of you.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-02-13 11:26:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fun with numbers: Payment Switches 
Saw this on buyinfo. At first blush it reminds me of the old CMU "Billing
Server" without the gopher...
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-02-13 16:31:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: What *is* the power of the FIPS 
Eh? Say again?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga  (rah "There is no difference between someone
Shipwright Development Corporation     who eats too little and sees Heaven and
44 Farquhar Street                       someone who drinks too much and sees
Boston, MA 02331 USA                       snakes." -- Bertrand Russell
(617) 323-7923

@_date: 1995-07-12 03:58:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Num Rat 
I can't wait to learn it. ;-).
One more bit of market efficiency for the regulatory arbitrage business.
I can see it now: an application of the "BabeWatch" idea to the 1040 form....
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-12 14:51:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [rah@shipwright.com: Re: digital monies] 
I'm forwarding this to cypherpunks, where this posting originated. Always
ready to set the record straight. By the way, could I have an email copy of
your original posting/publicity material for this, I'm curious about where
it was announced to the net. Tighten up my links to the straight dope, etc.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-12 17:40:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Road trip 
I'm going to be in San Francisco (Walnut Creek, really) Saturday, Sunday,
and Monday.
Anyone up for a beer?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-13 20:34:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: who knows about Security First Network Bank 
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-14 06:23:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Checkfree/Cybercash Press release 
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-20 19:54:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Netscape the Big Win(dows) 
on Thu, 20 Jul 1995 10:39:49 -0700, tcmay (Timothy C. May)
Nit: The standard version of Newswatcher does this. Just hold down the
command key and click on the URL. In addition, using the Internet Config
extension allows you to do this in lots of other standard Mac internet apps,
including the Eudora app you're using to read your mail with right now.
Newswatcher, in it's enhanced "value added" versions, does filtering, and
even will do a one-bounce anonymous remail off the remailer of your choice.
As someone who's developed and marketed apps for the Mac market, feature
creep  usually happens more to differentiate yourself from your competition
than for any other reason. Don't look back 'cause they might be gaining on
you. Frankly, it's more of a death spiral than anything else. You get design
by focus group and feature list. The classic example of this in the Mac
market is M$ Word, which has now became such a cow that I find myself
reccommending WordPerfect (of all things) to my consulting customers. At
least with Excel, there's still nothing much better, until the next
generation, anyway.
Only when their feature sets overlap, like in word processors and
spreadsheets.  When they're fully differentiated like what happened on the
Mac TCP/IP internet app market, interface fatigue is not much of a problem.
Not as bad as it sounds. Most Mac internetware types are pretty good about
fixing cross-crashes, that is until they get too big to care, which may
happen with Netscape.  In general, Mac stuff doesn't crash nearly as much as
it used to, and not nearly as much as Window$ still does. You get more
crashes in MacTCP apps because Apple botched their initial TCP
implementation. They're fixing that with Open Transport, which I've seen and
which is pretty bulletproof so far. Finally, we're still in the chewing-gum
and-bailing-wire stage with most internet apps, and the MacTCP based apps
are no exception.
Tell us about it in 6 months, Tim, when you've grown out of Netscape. You
sound like someone who's totally enamored with their "-works" app. Most
people end up using more specialized apps when they hit the wall with
something which won't get all those "general purposes" taken care of...
Soon. Very soon, Tim. There's talk on the mcip (Macintosh Crytography
Interface Project) list about version 3.0 of MacPGP which should be
completely modular, and should not require a shell-PGP session to work.
Until then, the applescript hacks seem to be holding up, though Mr. 'corn's
tribulations make a brilliant counterexample.  My signature below was done
with them...
Claris started to do this, but nobody wanted to standardize on their stuff
for obvious reasons (they're owned by Apple)...
Indeed, though we shouldn't. Because it is.  Anyway, you're talking apples
 and oranges here. A crypto module like we're talking about would
function more as an init, er, sorry, an extension, rather than as a separate
app, though Stuffit makes a good example of something which works pretty
well as both.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-23 15:36:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Netscape the Big Win(dows) 
Agreed.  My posting seemed to get stuck in the response queue to the
original post, and came out a little "dated", I guess...
I agree.  By far the best web-browser out there is Netscape.  They don't
call it Mozilla for nothing.
No.  That seems to be my unintentional verbal style on the net, a little
prickly around the edges.  My actual barbs are so over the top that you'll
never misunderstand them for their subtlety.
What I mean is, that after you've used Netscape, a web client, to read news
for a while, you'll start to think about more specialized applications like
Newswatcher, for instance.
The reason that Netscape has either built-in news reading or mail reading
functions is feature creep.  My hypothesis is that feature creep is brought
about by some combination of venture capitalists, securities analysts, and
"real marketing people", all of which Andreasson at Netscape has in spades,
now, all with their chins on his shoulder saying, "That's nice, what else
will it do?".  In-line gifs or jpegs (or mpegs or whatever) are integral to
the function of seeing what's on the web.  So are in-line FTC, Gopher, etc.
I think.  My opinion about e-mail and news are that they're pretty
orthogonal to the functionality of a web-browser.  Kind of like building
wheels on a boat.
No, Tim, your mother does *not* wear army boots.  ;-).  I just have several
friends who recently moved to a TCP net feed and thought they only needed
Netscape.  That is, until they used Eudora, and/or Newswatcher (preferably
in it's "value added" editions), and switched to them instead for their
respective purposes.
Of that we can rest assured.  :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-23 15:58:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Netscape the Big Win(dows) 
^^^
Revenge of the spellchecker (Spellswell in this case). Of course, I mean FTP.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-26 07:08:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: AP: Load Cash, Cruise Virtual Mall 
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-26 11:31:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: AP: Load Cash, Cruise Virtual Mall 
Or so we thought until my emailer urped:
Well, you get the point.
My apologies. Maybe I should do my mail in Netscape instead...
Now I suppose it's time to change my mcip password, eh?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-26 11:35:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: AP: Load Cash, Cruise Virtual Mall 
Ahem. One more time...
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-27 05:03:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Banks and Crypto 
Cluelessness? Carelessness? Some version of "-lessness", I'm sure...
I just used a special feature on my Mac to deal with it. It's called a
"trash can".
Please remember that almost all such attachments, unless identified (even
if identified, actually) usually get deleted.
To paraphrase The Immortal: "ASCII R00lz!"
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-29 07:33:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The Net (short movie review) 
Agreed. In television interviews Ms. Bullock talks about how she's "on the
net all the time" while in further conversation it's clear that all she
does is hang out in AOL auditoria and chat-rooms, probably with some
net.flack at her elbow....
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-31 04:21:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The Net (short movie review) 
I believe I wasn't clear. My point was that Ms. Bullock lives in AOL chat
rooms and thinks it's the internet.
Most of my time on the net is spent communicating (albiet badly) also.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-31 11:13:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Sex & Crime TV filter 
I could agree to a private filtering mechanism where each program
broadcasts an ID number.
A chip on the set reads this info from the dark band between frames or
Private agencies rate the programs by whatever criteria sells ("Bikinis &
Beer", "Motherhood and Apple Pie", whatever), and people load those
rating/show lookups into their set off of the net or wherever...
Certainly the government shouldn't reqire anything. The government couldn't
find its ass with both hands. I bet this scheme could sell on an
information value-added basis alone.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-31 11:17:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Customer Service? 
Veracity suspect, but an interesting crypto story nonetheless...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-31 16:23:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
At 6:53 PM 7/31/95, Dr. Fred said:
I've been watching this gark long enough, I think.
Look. If you're qualified, look at the PGP source and vet it yourself. If
you aren't qualified, figure the market to be efficient in this instance
and assume the stuff works.
Stop wasting our time and bandwidth harassing the MIT folk about whether or
not their code is clean. Such posturing won't wash around here.
Seriously, it may be an appeal to authority, but it can safely be assumed
that PGP is clean, and that MIT is *not* involved with the NSA and the Red
Leptons in a conspiracy to spy on our alt.binaries.pictures.erotica.stoats
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-31 17:37:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
At 8:08 PM 7/31/95, Dr. Fred said:
Ah. I knew my undergraduate philosophy degree from good ol' Mizzou would
come in handy some day.  In the sophistry biz, the above is an informal
fallacy. It's called a disproving a negative, more popularly called the
"Flying Saucer" fallacy, as in, "prove to me that flying saucers (or PGP
trap-doors) don't exist".
I would put the rest of your rejoinder in the same class of tinker-toy
logic, Doc.
You're testing my patience. Feeling flush from my New Orleans road trip, I
went out and bought the commercial version of Eudora, filter-feature and
all, which means I'm just itching to test it. In other words, it means you
are flirting with the kill-file, the bozo-filter, more rudely, a
Play nice, Doc, or don't play at all.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-31 18:00:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Commercial killers 
God help me, all of this reminds me of a Carl Sagan book, of all things.
One of his science fiction characters was said to have made his first
fortune by building a commercial zapping chip for VCRs.
Butthead Astronomer, indeed...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-07-31 18:10:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
At 8:49 PM 7/31/95, Dr. Fred said:
Well, we all knew it would happen, didn't we. I feel like I'm about to shoot
Ol' Yeller, but...
See ya on the other side, Fred.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-01 09:58:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IEEE Symp on Security and Privacy - Call for papers 
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-03 12:21:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Pat Robertson Fears E-cash? 
Ah, the perils of book entry. And they had the inventer of digital bearer
certificates right there to talk to.  Tsk. Tsk.
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-04 05:43:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SURVEY: Money on the Internet 
I saw this in sci.econ. I filled it out, but mostly I'm interested in the
results.  The survey seems pretty thorough, mostly crypto-aware, and it
includes a question about the value of anonymity...
Bob Hettinga
: From: weiler (Mr R.M. Weiler)
: Newsgroups: sci.econ
: Subject: SURVEY: Money on the Internet
: Date: 31 Jul 1995 11:15:02 GMT
: Organization: Imperial College of Science, Technology and Medicine, London
: Lines: 18
: Sender: r.m.weiler
:  Followup-To:
: Message-ID: <3vidvm$lnm
: NNTP-Posting-Host: sg1.cc.ic.ac.uk
: Hi there!
: I am doing a research on the use of money on the Internet. I would
: appreciate it if you could answer a short survey on this subject, found at
: the following Web site:
:        : I would also appreciate any remark on this survey. Please tell your friend
: about it, too.
: Many thanks!
: Roy Weiler
: The Management School
: Imperial College
: e-mail: r.m.weiler
Robert Hettinga (rah  "There is no difference between
Shipwright Development Corporation     someone who eats too little
44 Farquhar Street                     and sees Heaven and someone
Boston, MA 02331 USA                   who drinks too much and sees
(617) 323-7923                         snakes."   -- Bertrand Russell
Phree Phil: Email: zldf

@_date: 1995-08-04 05:55:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PRA_fix 
This is called an active location system, and it was originally disigned by
G.K. O'Neill (The Princeton Physics Prof., Space Studies Institute founder,
the guy who came up with all those spiffy space-settlement ideas in the
late seventies -- see Babylon 5 for a picture ;-) -- and the inventor of
the mass driver, among other things), under the name of Geostar, in the
early 1980's. It's accuracy was supposed to be 6 inches in 2 dimensions,
and 6 feet in 3 diminsions.  The FAA didn't like it because they didn't
invent it, the DOD hated it because they wanted to commercialize GPS and
they didn't want anything so accurate for civilian purposes.  The
transponders were going to be beensy little things about the size of pagers
relying on high-energy burst transmissions.
ObCrypto/Privacy: It relied on a fast computer on the ground to calculate
where you were, it allowed short messages, and presumably it was going to
send them in the clear. It also had a "panic" button function, where
someone in trouble could summon help no matter where they were.
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-04 12:21:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PC E-cash (NewsClip) 
This reminds me of something which happened to me last week in a Burger King in Chelsea(MA), where the skipper now keeps the boat I grind winches on. I'm paying for my lunch and the cashier takes out a felt-tip pen and puts a little mark on my $10 bill.  She tells me that if the pen-stroke turns yellow instead of the black one she got with mine, the bill is counterfeit.  She told me she got yellow mark on $10 bill once. Go figure.
So now, we have a working miniumum competitive cost of on-line digital cash verification. The amortized cost of the ink it takes to verify a piece of paper cash. What? 20 cents worth of ink? .002 cents?
More fun with numbers, Bob Hettinga
P.S. We just put in 12 volt power for the Mac. I also bought an inverter.      Banana daquiris on the hook. Raise the cocktail flag!
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 323-7923 "Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-04 19:15:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CFP - Electronic Commerce Conference 
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-06 04:28:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PC E-cash (NewsClip) 
Not too surprising for Chelsea. This is the first city to go bankrupt in
the history of the United States. I think it's still in recievership...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-10 05:29:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ciphergroupies 
As one of ciphergroupies (call a spade a spade, the man said, and, frankly,
I don't write code, much less cryto-code) I agree with Perry.
While I understand that crypto isn't the only thing discussed on this list,
it used be quite apparent to anyone who signed on to this list that strong
crypto and its consequences was the the focus of the group.  Some days it's
very apparent that that is not the focus.
My mail.torrent skills are pretty well advanced these days, because I sit
on lots of mail groups. The first high volume one was cypherpunks, where I
got my bones in such matters, and I've gotten pretty adept at thrashing the
noise out of the way. However, it does seem that, like Tim said a while
ago, we're getting a lot of forwards from other groups, which dilute the
content here pretty significantly.
I've done this myself. A lot. Not as much as I used to, but it still
happens: I just forwarded here an announcement for a digital commerce
conference in Texas, for instance.
So, I have a few suggestions. First, we might try to be more considerate of
the other's wetware, while developing our own, and try to limit our
postings to this net to original contributions where possible, even if it's
just a summary of something you've read. Write it in your own words, in
other words ;-). I'm not saying rewrite instead of forward if the message
is extremely crypto (or consequent) relevant, we get action messages from
EPIC, for instance, which are mostly relevant (opinions of the efficacy of
EPIC aside, of course).
Second, if you have something which people here might be interested in, and
it's vaguely tangental, post a pointer.  The classic case here is someone,
who shall remain nameless for reasons you'll see in a moment, who's
brilliantly cryptic (!) pointers to his droid-fed article stash have been a
very useful and pleasantly salient feature of the landscape here for more
than a year now.
You can point to an FTP file, a web page, have people ask for it in an
e-mail reply from you, and if it's something er, professionally written,
and want it handled er, gingerly, you can probably contact the above
mentioned droid-master for his help in distributing your find. I just sent
him such an article on dark fiber / frequency multiplexing which he pointed
the group to within the last week. Not that you should choke the droid
factory, mind you, but it can be done in a special circumstance.
Perry seems pretty burned up, and he's burned up for the right reasons, not
the least of which is that he's been busting his butt in a project which
will encrypt the net at the very core: the TCP/IP layer itself. This is
very very important, and people should pay attention to it, and help
however they can. (It's also likely to make Perry insufferable --
deservedly -- pretty soon ;-)). Like everyone else, he subscribes to this
group to learn more about crypto, and he's finding the crypto content
dwindling, the "S1" discussion notwithstanding, and as someone who's
invested a lot of time, energy, and emotions in this group, he doesn't
sound happy about it.
This is also compounded by the fact that while Perry is one of my favorite
people here, Perry is also a grouch. I usually laugh when he goes over the
top about something, because his polemics are some of the best I've ever
seen. That doesn't make it any better if you're on the receiving end of
such invective, and he's pissed off people who agree with him most of the
rest of the time as a result. He's usually right, however, and he's a
grownup, so I don't think he's going to change his tone anytime soon, and
I've just learned to ignore his more inflamitory remarks as a cost of doing
business with his not inconsiderable talents.  That goes for several people
around here, by the way, and it's a shame when they don't play well with
others, but, like Perry, they're grownups. Another cost of doing business.
So, in summary, point instead of forward where possible, particularly if
it's not explicitly crypto or crypto consequent; a good immediate way to
help the cause of crypto on the net is to bone up on this IPSP stuff and
see what you can do to help, because it's very important; and Perry and
other people here are grouches and can't seem to play nice with each other
on occasion (So, what else is new? ;-)).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-10 17:23:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: It may be time to electrify the floor... 
... because we seem to be in the throes of a listwide piss-fight.
Unless we're the victim of duelling rant generators -- but I don't think
this is the case, as they all happened too fast.
It's a nice night. Maybe I'll go sit on the back porch and smoke the
base-ball-bat Macanudo (cigar) I bought at Erlich's today...
See you all in the morning. Don't forget to insulate yourselves, everyone...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-12 07:05:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Reuters Smells the Coffee 
Sender: infocker () (from unknown.aol.com 205.188.2.111)
Thought Mr. Hettinga might particularly appreciate this perspective.
Jim Rapp
Alexandria, Virginia
"give me more info"
As always, do not send the copyright police after me.
LONDON - Growing business on the Internet computer network could
allow companies and individuals to avoid taxes and build up a black
economy increasingly out of range of government intervention and
regulation, computer experts say.
People will be able to download computer programs from
Philadelphia to Paris or buy books from Madrid in Manila, avoiding
export or import duties and sales taxes, as well as bypassing
government trade statistics.
"Electronic purses," loaded from banks down telephone lines,
could become the favored means of payment for fast, anonymous and
secure payments, with currencies of choice becoming more exotic,
depending on what is acceptable to dealmakers.
"Cyberdollars," expatriate U.S. currency zapping across telephone
lines between computers, could add to problems posed for authorities
by existing funds outside national borders.
Deals on the Internet are mainly completed by credit card at
present. But electronic purses could lead to a buildup of currency
beyond the control of governments and central banks, further limiting
their influence on economies and markets and making traditional
monetary tools like interest rates less effective.
"Online business will involve much more economic activity outside
the control and ambit of government," Madsen Pirie, director of the
Adam Smith Institute, a right-wing British think-tank, told Reuters.
"Government will have to limit its ambitions. Just like
governments in the modern world find it difficult to have exchange
control; they can't control billions of dollars of cash sloshing
around foreign exchange markets," he said.
Business is fairly modest now but will increase exponentially,
Pirie forecasts.
The U.S. Commerce Department has said electronic cash will
account for 20 percent of U.S. purchases by 2005, up from just over 4
percent last year and compared with just over 16 percent forecast by
Leaders of the information technology industry believe that the
embryonic stage is over and are wary of government action, which they
feel might inhibit growth.
Analysts reckon that any attempt to regulate cybermarkets is
likely to be futile.
The Adam Smith Institute's Pirie agrees, predicting: "Governments
will fail if they try to control this. They always have when they try
to hold back the way history is going."
- - - - -
Copyright, Reuters America Inc. All rights reserved
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-14 13:00:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Are we forming the "social sector"?  FYIntrospection... 
This is a quote from the following:
"The Age of Social Transformation", Peter Drucker, _The Atlantic Monthly_
11/94, pp 53-80.
... which I just read this weekend, coincedentally.  Yes, it's statist.
Still, it's a good read. I learned something from it, even if I found
myself talking back a little. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-16 09:41:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Phone call for Mr. Doligez, was Re: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
Indeed, it seems so, and the feeding frenzy in the press has begun.
I zinged this over from cypherpunks to www-buyinfo this morning, and this
afternoon I got a rather interesting call from a reporter.  I told him
about ITARs, its effect on internet commerce and the silliness of a 40 bit
key, etc.
He wanted to know if I knew Damien's phone number(!), and I told him to
have ATT put one of their translators-for-hire on the line and call INRIA,
Ecole Polytechnique, or Ecole Normale Superieure, and track him down there.
Meanwhile, if Mr. Doligez sees this, call Alan Beck at 619-625-0700, or
email him at alan
I can see the headlines now: "Netscape Security Broken, Stock Falls".
Make-a the Ganglia Twitch. Haven't had this much fun since the hogs ate my
little brother...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-16 11:46:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re:  SSL challenge -- broken ! 
My apologies for causing alarm. I was merely making a too-subtle joke about
hysteria in the press and the capital markets for Netscape, and its
inevitable backlash.
Madness of crowds and all that...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-16 15:20:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Erroneous HPCwire phone # 
Hope this helps!
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Minuet-Version: Minuet1.0_Beta_4
Reply-To: X-Popmail-Charset: English
    I can't reach my managing editor, who's a cypherpunk subscriber,
so I'm emailing you:  HPCwire's telephone number was posted
incorrectly.  Our real number is: 619-625-0070.  I'd appreciate
it if you could revise the post.  Thanks much!
Alan Beck                                                   HPCwire
Associate Editor                                   8445 Camino Santa Fe
HPCwire                                                      Suite 204
alan                          San Diego, Calif. 92121
Voice: 619/625-0070                                  Fax: 619/625-0088
    For a free trial subscription, email:          ~~ Diagonally parked in a parallel universe. ~~
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-17 06:56:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd>>)309,485,009,821,345,068,724,781,056 
Like .. er ... a big number maan.
"SSL" has not been cracked "EXPORT SSL" has been cracked.  Then
if someone in the next few years can crack SSL with a confidential
master key of 128 bits with 2^88 as many required key checks (say
half the keyspace at 2^87 as our mate Damien did) then that will be
a much bigger story.
Then again it was not me floating last week ....
In the mean time we encounter the usual inane US government's
export restrictions.  Can someone put in a word for me please ...
Please Please Please Mr Clinton .... keep those export regulations
It gives people like myself a major commercial lead in provision of
encryption software.
So what can we do.
Well not being a very trusting soul at times I tried out sending the
01 (SSL 128 bit confidential) message to an export Netscape browser and
lo and behold it came up with a cipher conflict.  Well that would have
been an easy way out.
Realistically my internal browser is almost at beta test level and
we will put cipher 01 in our selection of ciphers as well as cipher
2.  We will also make available our browser to link securely to our
If anyone outside US/CA wants work done to bring their systems
up to 128 bit confidential ciphers please email
(JHC plc - JHC Internet Services - yes it does mean John Hemming & Co)
In the mean time:
My credit card number is 5434 8012 0900 2563 expires 3/97
My name is John A M Hemming
My address is 15, Chantry Road, Moseley, Birmingham B13 8DL
Who loses if you use that:
Firstly, I now have to check my
credit card statements for items that are not mine.  This will be
a pain, but it makes a point clear.
Secondly, if you use it you will be breaking the law.
Thirdly, when the merchant has to refund up to 6 months of trading
turnover on any duff orders the merchant will be seriously upset.
My name and address are a matter of public record in the UK. I have
only made the job easier by putting all of the information in one place.
The card number and expiry date are available in any one of a number
of places.  (As a City Councillor in Birmingham my address has to be
available to the public).
1.  Export SSL is good enough for credit card numbers.
2.  My bank account is protected by export SSL (I mean that you
     need to crack export SSL to look at the balances)
     Alternatively you can phone up the bank and pretend to be
     the police/head office/inland revenue and ask them.
3.  Export SSL or even import SSL is not good enough for entering
     into contracts.  Digital signatures are needed for that.
In the mean time .....
I have managed to implement PGP into my workhorse program (which
is gradually coming up to beta standard).  It seems interoperable with
the PGP.exe file in Europe.  (As long as you keep the message reasonably
This allows two interesting additions
has been extended to
When you click on that it does a mailto, but also loads the PGP key
(public key and userid packets).  The program saves both the
plaintext and encrypted version and then mails out the encrypted
version.  The PGP key packet has to have the same email address
as that in the mailto otherwise the program will freak.
Which uses that.
allows the encryption of a form before it is mailed.  I do have a test
form somewhere try the pages in
This is quite a nice solid way of ensuring high level encryption for
passing around confidential information from forms.  Sadly the
program that does it
is still a little flaky.
Once I have finished off getting 128 bit confidential SSL built into
my program I shall be putting in the extensions for electronic cheques
(probably today or tomorrow, but I won't be putting that on release
even as alpha for the moment).
for more details.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-18 04:32:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Export policy change 
You wouldn't want them to get *dusty*, Tim. Why not embed them in something
like epoxy, better, Lexan, to protect them from the elements? Say about a
foot thick in all directions... Should make sure the media itself is
sufficiently coated too. Don't want the little electrons getting hurt, you
I see a market opportunity here. Time to buy DuPont stock. I hear it's been
depressed lately.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-21 04:53:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Third World Man 
One of my favorite quotes is supposed to be from Gibbon's _Decline and Fall
of the Roman Empire_ .  If I write a book about this stuff, it'll go right
on the frontispiece. Something like:
"It is quite attractive to posit the end of the world in one's analysis of
current affairs, but historically, it hasn't proven to be correct."
BTW, I've been looking for the exact quote for about 6 months, without
having reread the whole damn book.  If anyone who has actually *seen* an
on-line copy of Gibbon would send me pointer to it, I would be much
obliged. I have looked in all the usual places (Gutenberg, etc.) to no
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-21 11:23:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Whither Barbados? 
I've cc'd (former cypherpunk) Vince Cate on Anguilla on this for obvious
I got a bit of blurbuge in the USnail from the Barbados Investment and
Development Corporation (BIDC) on their 3rd Barbados Information Services
Converence, (Subtitled "Surfing the Global Net from Caribbean Shores" ;-),
February 26/27 1996.
The headers in the blurb were: Investment Management in Emerging Markets --
Information Technology Challenges, Network Security on the Global Net, New
Opportunities in Wireless Communications, Barbados -- the Carribbean hub
for Internet Access.
They promise a "Full Conference Programme available October 1, 1995", and
they seem to have a mailbot at info_bisc
Having inadvertantly  plugged their stuff with no idea whether it's a
waste of time or not, I have a few thoughts about this and about
data/banking havens in general.
First, here's what I know about internet access in the Caribbean, gleaned
from discussions with Vince, and by lurking on various caribbean newsgroups
(see soc.culture.caribbean), web pages, and mail groups:
First off, bandwidth down there sucks. This is probably because there
really aren't many people there, the ones that are there are pretty poor,
and they can't buy much phone time.  This is compounded by monopolies,
Cable and Wireless being the biggest, built on cozy relationships with
government officials, if not actual creatures of those government officials
themselves, amortizing their  30 year old centrex
switches with 50 year schedules . To be fair, they have to have
long distance lines to the mainland, and those cost, whether they're
copper, fiber, or satellite.
All the shenanigans of third world politics apply there. Trinidad and
Tabago had an attempted coup recently, Barbados, I believe, is in the
throes of a constitutional crisis where the speaker of their legislature
can't be impeached because she won't conviene the committee to impeach
Not to mention hurricanes, and in Montserrat, a volcano going off at the
The obvious reason I'm interested in this is regulatory arbitrage, of
course.  If there's a government that will let internet commerce and
privacy flourish there, then it flourishes everywhere on the net, national
borders or no.
I hear tell that Barbados is serious about converting its information
technology business from data entry and forms processing to
web-cluefullness. Given that their business development people don't have
their own domain name, they probably have a bit to go.
So, I have a little exercise...
If we were to tell the government of Barbados what it had to do to promote
the creation of internet commerce, what would we say?  Anyone here could
probably crank out a prima facie set of reccommendations, but I figure to
beat this to death canonically and have a little fun at the same time.
So, here a few categories to get started.  I'm trying to keep it relevant
to this group's charter.
 Power
 Long distance
 Local wire
 Local wireless
 Financial Privacy Laws
 Telecommunications Competition
 Civil/Human Rights
   Privacy
   Business Deregulation
   Government intervention in the economy
 Religeous/Cultural tolerance (the Netherlands are tolerant, for instance)
 Education (talent pool)
Well, that's a place to start.  I'll try to plug in my 2 cents in another
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-22 09:02:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: The Book-Entry/Certificate Distinction 
I'd like to vamp on this for a while.
I think Tim's talking about what I call the book-entry/certificate
distinction.  It goes right to the heart of finance, and it's why I think
that the strong crypto/Moore's law combination is going to do more to free
people than any political system ever could.  (How's that for a wind-up to
a rant?)
Accounting, well, double-entry bookeeping anyway, was invented in the late
middle ages so people could measure their financial progress, but most
importantly, so that people could trust other people doing the measurement
for them: their bookeepers.  This allowed the Renaissance entrepreneur (or
more orignally an Italian nobleman, who was more of a gangster than
anything else) to delegate financial measurement and consequently build a
much larger enterprise than he could have otherwise.
Before double-entry bookeeping, the first book-entry system, everything was
done on a cash, or certificate, basis, and, like the apocryphal Silicon
Valley entrepreneur's bedroom shoebox, you knew you were making money when
there was more in the till today than there was yesterday. The first
 the original
Cuneiform(sp?) of the Babylonians actually evolved from little pieces of
clay formed into interesting three-dimensional polygons with a signature
seal stamped on them, certificates, or abstractions of value, like "3 cows,
so says I, J. Nebbuchenezzar", these were, in turn, used like money.
Book-entry allowed the creation of larger and larger enterprises, and it's
no surprise that a hundred years or so after the invention of double entry
bookeeping, joint stock companies, and eventually limited liability, came
into being.  The paradox here was that this was an enherently
certificate-based system. People met in front of a buttonwood tree on Wall
Street, and traded ornately engraved certificates representing some
fractional amount of a company's shares or debt outstanding. To trade your
shares, you had to physically send them to Wall Street to have them traded
for you.
Eventually book-entry systems got into the trading of securities when stock
exchanges were founded. Specialists or market-makers would take your order,
and cross them on their books with their own inventory or with people on
the other side of the trade, or, in the commodities markets where the trade
volume is much higher, people stand around a pit, execute the trade with a
contra party, and sign each other's orders.
This was compounded enormously by the advent of faster communications,
particularly telecommunications.  People could trade their stock from
anywhere by wire, or by physically talking to a branch office of a
securities firm who was itself linked by wire to an exchange through its
main office.
In the early days of book-entry trading, delivery of physical certificates
was done at various traders' operations departments, called "cages" for
obvious reasons, to settle a trade.  After a while clearing houses were
instituted to do book-entry settlement of exchange-traded securities. In
fact, when someone says  "book-entry" these days, they usually mean
book-entry securities settlement.  A clearing house has all the physical
certificates in a vault, and keeps books as pointers to all that paper to
show who owns what. Those books match the books of the various traders, and
through the miracle of double-entry bookeeping, everything balances so
everyone agrees with each other.  In fact, the need for all those
certificates sort of goes away in this system, and when I first got on this
list a year or so ago, Perry and I talked about the existence, at the
Depository Trust Company -- the New York Stock Exchange's clearinghouse --
of a single certificate representing a company's entire common stock.
Okay, so what does this have to do with strong crypto? A lot. Every once in
a while I've compared strong crypto and privacy to flight. Flying is an
inherent good for lots of people, but what makes it really economically
useful is how fast you go when you fly.  People buy airline tickets because
they can get anywhere much quicker if they fly than if they do anything
else.  The same with strong cryptography. Privacy, and the strong
cryptography which makes it possible, is an enherent good for most of us,
especially here on *this* list.  But cryptographically strong protocols
become economically useful when used for the creation of certificates which
abstract value: digital bearer certificates like digital cash, and
eventually digital certificates representing stocks, bonds, and various
derivative securities.
To understand why, we need to make one further digression. Remember all
those telecommunications lines going into the exchanges?  The inherent
geometry of a system where lines are cheaper than nodes is a hierarchy: you
pick up a phone to call someone, and your central office routes you up to
its central office, and further on up the hierarchy until the call can be
switched back down somewhere to complete the call. The interesting
correlation between this "switching" and most of our current social
structure can be left for another list, but the reason for this methodology
is all bound up in the economics of wires and switches: at first, wires
were cheaper than switches, who, in the beginning, were people.  We all
know the story from there, people were first replaced with electomechanical
switches, then with solid-state switches, then with microprocessing
switches. When we got microprocessors, the economics of the nodes/lines
problem got turned on its head. We run into Moore's Law.
Moore's Law, for Moore of Intel, is an observation that the price of a
given semiconductor falls by half every 12 months, though it was 18 months
when Moore figured this out.  From a cryptological prospective, we
understand what this means to the future cost of breaking a keyspace of a
certain size.  Moore's Law also means just as much to the structure of the
network: in collapsing the cost of a network's nodes, it converts it from a
hierarchy to a geodesic. Like Bucky Fuller's geodesic domes, a geodesic
network consists of nodes connected to an arbitrary number of lines, with
no real directionality to the motion of traffic: there is no up or down
like in a hierarchy. A message could originate at the node, or could be
just passing through in any direction to any other line the node is
connected to.  A good example of this is a company's PBX, which allowed
intra-company switching of phone calls for large organizations over long
distances directly, without going up and down the telephonic heirarchy.
The abolition of monopoly in the telephone system was primarily caused by
the advent of the geodesic network, and the phrase "Geodesic Network" was
the title of Peter Huber's analysis of the phone system for Judge Green,
the judge who broke up the Bell System in the early 80's.  Huber's
reccommendation to Green in 1986 as was to allow competition in the
Regional Bell Operating Companies' core markets: the local loop.  They're
just getting around to doing it almost 10 years later. Another consequence
of hierarchy, right?
Once again, the social consequences of geodesic information networks are
interesting; ubiquitious computing, telecommuting, flattening organization
structures, and lots of other phenomena can be attributed here, and even
Mr. Archer's transaction-based tax proposal can. However, let's look at
what it does to book-entry, particularly in the presence of strongly
cryptographic certificate systems.
First, like Tim says, a book-entry system is bad for privacy.  The IRS
knows how much money you make, the bank knows how much you spend on your
credit card, another book-entry system, even your grocery store knows what
kind of food your cat likes. In a certificate system, like digital cash, no
one knows anything, and it's cheaper that way anyway. Who did what to whom
and for how much has no economic value whatever. No one can track the
origin of all the bits of cash going through the till, much less audit it's
ownership trail, and cryptographic protocols allow the secure handling of
the money anyway, so the existence of the money speaks for itself, without
needing to know who gave it to you.  Book-entry stays where it belongs, on
the store's accounting system, and there's reason to believe that as
processors get cheaper and cheaper, there might be a micro economy
(ecology?) in the making in an enterprise's various economic units, as a
result of ubiquitous computing. Transfer payments have always been a vexing
problem in large businesses, because there's no way to arrive at a fair
price for intra-company trades of goods and services without looking to
some outside market price.  In fact, it's safe to say that the current
paradigm for financial analysis, the efficient market hypothesis and it's
offspring, CAPM, Black-Scholes, etc., is a solution to the transfer pricing
problem which evolved into something infinitely more useful.
But let's take this idea of strong cryptography in a geodesic network to
another financial abstraction, the securities markets. What you get then is
a reversion to certificate based trading. You've gone back to the
Buttonwood tree, only you're now trading digital certificates on the net.
People announce their intention to trade, what they're willing to pay or
accept, and, when the trade is made, people trade certificates under a
strong cryptographic protocol, announce the price to the market, and walk
away.  People can "make markets" in securities by holding inventories and
simply posting their prices bid or asked, to buy or sell their inventory of
securities.  Notice I said people here.  What we're talking about is
behavior which was originally done by *people* with *certificates*, and
then by ever-larger *institutions* with *book-entry*.  That is, until the
advent of computers, when the pendelum swung back toward smaller entities.
After all, in 1972, anyone with the money could get a Quotron or a NASDAQ
Level 3 machine, and soon, at least the sell side of the market was
competitive again. The stodgy old firms like Morgan Stanley and Salomon had
to turn into very efficient carnivores to survive.  Paradoxically, the buy
side of the market, composed of banks, pensions, and mutual funds, had its
development arrested by regulation and is just approaching the centralizing
phase.  However, we now know that the operation of both the buy and sell
sides of the capital markets are going to get very interesting very soon,
With a geodesic, certificate-based financial system, the economies of scale
caused by hierarchical communications systems go out the window. There is
no need to concentrating processing power to be used to used on the
market's information, because the information is everywhere without having
to concentrate it.  What's more, the specialization of processing enabled
by Moore's Law creates such a flood of information that no centralized
entity can process it all, and so it collapses under its own weight.
Everyone trusts their transactions because of the difficulty of forging
certificates.  That means that once again, a certificate has it's own
inherent worth. It speaks for itself, and when it changes hands, the trade
is, as Eric Hughes says, "immediately and finally" cleared and settled.
The overhead of keeping books is gone, at least for the trading parties,
and especially for the clearing houses, who, like exchanges, just kind of
disappear, along with any way to regulate them.  Somewhere, Joe Kennedy,
the first Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Comission, is probably
either crying his eyes out or laughing his head off, depending on your
interpretation of his role in regulatory history.
This brings us to the reason securities exist, anyway.  A stock certificate
is really a legal document, right?  How can you enforce laws in a geodesic
environment protected by strong cryptography. Well, in a geodesic market,
cryptographic protocols, instead of laws, enforce agreements.  If the
cryptographic protocol isn't satisfied, the software won't work.  It's easy
to see how a combination of certification technology and cryptographically
anonymous voting protocols allow the direct election of a company's board
members without proxies -- another hierarchical device -- for instance.
It's easy to see how the presentation of digital interest coupons to a
company's bond trustee could result in a payment in digital cash.  This
seems to work for just about any kind of financial instrument you could
imagine.  The presence of the digital certificate is prima facie claim upon
the abstracted item, votes, interest/dividends, hog bellies, you name it,
and the protocol could be put into software everyone could check
Obviously, we aren't talking about the end of bookeeping as we know it
(BAWKI? ;-), but it does mean that days of book-entry as a means of social
control are numbered.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-23 04:11:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: The Book-Entry/Certificate Distinction 
You have follow me through the looking glass a little bit here, but
remember that we're talking about a world where microprocessors and
bandwidth are everywhere.  The compute cycles and the bandwidth have to be
available for this stuff, but given those, it's easy to see how this works.
To replicate a credit card in a certificate bassed scenario, you issue a
bond, just like the old days. (Remember that Babylonian clay thingy with
"J. Nebbuchanezzar"'s seal on it for three cows?) A bond is a certificate
with your signature saying that you'll pay a certain amount of money on a
certain date, or that you owe a certain amount of money, and will pay
interest at a certain rate to the bearer on a certain schedule, and
principal on a certain date, *or* you could issue a bond with coupons that
could be sent in to collect the interest.
This is what a bank does with a credit card, only the transactions with you
are book entries, and nowadays, the bank even lumps your credit card debt
with others and then "securitize" them by selling bonds collateralized with
that debt on the open market.
Now the issuing of personal bonds instead of a book entry credit card work
the same way, in that someone has to actually give you the money, and it
may be unlikely that a store knows your reputation.  It could be that a
bank gives you a guarantee, a certificate, to buy your debt up to a certain
amount, and that makes your bonds instantly tradable on the market.  The
store could then sell your bond to the bank, or to the open market,
depending on where the price is highest.  With enough processing power and
bandwidth, it could resold while you're walking out the door with your
"The price of anything is the foregone alternative." (Walter Johnson)
Snappy comebacks aside, the price of something, physical or not, has
nothing do to with its method of purchase, excluding transaction costs,
which for both book entry and certificate economies is measured in
processing and bandwidth costs. You advertise your house for a certain
price, I pay you the price in digital cash, you give me the deed to the
house. QED.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-23 08:59:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: The Book-Entry/Certificate Distinction 
I really don't know. If a digital personal debt certificate isn't a bond,
but is a subset of commercial paper, we may be quibbling about definitions,
like Tim was saying.
So, let's look at this for a second. First, a check is a kind of
certificate pointing to a book entry in a bank somewhere, payable upon
demand. A note or commercial paper is a promise to pay money plus interest,
cash included, at a certain time in the future. So's a bond, but the
duration is longer. It's easy to see how they're all certificates, though
they can be held at a clearinghouse and thus be be book-entries. Clear as
mud, I guess... I'll try better next time when I've gotten more running
We agree that it's a fixed income instrument of some kind, right?
Certainly it's not completely anonymous, but your pseudonymous key can
borrow money if its reputation is clean enough.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-23 10:31:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: The Book-Entry/Certificate Distinction 
Agreed. My apologies for characterizing it as "quibbling". Chain-gun
Hettinga here, type first, and let God sort 'em out. A meta-reference to
the problem I was talking about, I suppose. And, given what Perry said
later, it's not so much a fight over definitions as I thought.
Tim, just what does "aptical" mean? ;-).
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-23 10:32:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The End of the Ecash Trial? 
We've talked about this a little bit on ecm.
Someone from Digicash is on record there as saying that trading in c$ came
as a complete surprise.
The hitch about continuing to honor c$ is that there needs to be a bank.
Someone correct me if I'm wrong, but it seems that the current system does
work on an offline, peer-to-peer basis.  Nonetheless, ocassionally, you
still need to verify that the money hasn't been double spent, and for that
you need a bank.
The problem with being a bank is the price of the bank software, which is
where David Chaum and Co. want make their money.  Thus, the last price I
got (offhand) from David on the phone a year ago was $250k + 10% of net
profits.  Given the cost of hardware, people, lawyers, and if you actually
back the certificates with dollars in a bank of deposit (not being what we
want do to here, admittedly) bankers, and more lawyers.  Could add up to a
mulitmillion dollar proposition.
Of course, it could be done with donated professional time, bandwidth,
hardware and donated bank software from Digicash. But it's hard to see that
happening from here...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-25 04:53:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Two URLs of interest 
skbk tommy rjf
        varga geoffc
First, (and not really related to this mailing list) is an article by
Arnold Kling explaining why Netscape stock was so popular, and why
people who purchased stock in the first couple of hours are now
$13/share in the hole.  (stock opened at $71, declined to $53ish, and
now hovers at $58ish)   He also explains where he thinks the price will go.
        Second, Pat Robertson's "The 700 Club" now has a WWW site and on it he
advertises a new video tape where he predicts the end of the world.  What has that got to do with
"www-buyinfo"?  Well, one segment is described as:
        "This story examines the oncoming rush to digital cash [...]
        and how quickly businesses, financial institutions, and even
        the government are moving in this direction."
For those of you without a copy of Revelations handy, this is a Mark
Of The Beast according to him.  You'll have to buy the video to find
out why.  Revelations is on-line (along with the whole bible) at:
        Sorry for the almost completely non-technical post.
Have a good weekend, y'all!
     Tom Limoncelli -- tal (home) -- tal (work)
     "I tried netsex, didn't like it."
       "Maybe you just haven't met the
      right keyboard?"
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-08-29 04:41:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: A CALL FOR FOUNDERS: The Boston Society for Digital Commerce 
A CALL FOR FOUNDERS
            The Boston Society for Digital Commerce
A few weeks ago, before my San Francisco trip, I had a great
lunch with Peter Cassidy, a contract writer and industrial analyst.
Cassidy writes stuff on digital commerce and other net.things for the
Economist, Wired and a number of other drier trade rags and authors the
occassional market research piece for industrial research firms around
As disparate our backgrounds and life experiences may be, our luncheon was
reminiscent of the original AA meeting.  We gibbered at each other for two
hours about strong crytography and the enormous potential of Web-mediated
commerce and the effects of both on life, the universe, and everything.
It was marvelous for two informed parties to share thoughts on the
substance of the revolution at hand, undistracted by hype and hyperbole
that too often haunts these subjects.
I went on to hang out that night with a couple of pals from my school
days at Chicago and they had *no* idea what I was talking about, though
they could tell it had me pretty animated.
Both Peter and I figured we needed to have a regular fix of this, and we both
figured that there are others in Boston who would benefit from the same
experience. People in Boston who have someunderstanding of the financial
markets, the internet, strong cryptography and the consequences of
mixing the three: digital certificates, the potential for absolute
anonymity, and geodesic markets for everything from financial instruments
to software to professional services.
People in Boston who would like to meet once a month or so in a function
room somewhere downtown, have lunch, and listen to a speaker or see a
net.demo, or just hang out and gab on some aspect of digital commerce.
So, to quote Andy Hardy, "I've got a barn!  Let's have a show!".
I've made some calls, and I can get a meeting room for a couple of hours
and a nice lunch for 20 people in downtown Boston for about $25 a head as
a starting point, subject to demand and scalability.
I figure the agenda of the first meeting will be an introduction
of everybody, and organizing some kind of structure for further meetings:
programming and anything else we need to do to get the next meeting(s)
organized, including picking a name.  The imposing name "Boston Society for
Digital Commerce" is just prima facie, subject to change at the first
At the moment, I'm looking at a meeting date of Tuesday, October 3rd,
and at a location to be named later for lunch, say from 12:00 to 2.
I'll give you a hint: it's a 30th floor room overlooking the Charles
from downtown , and, yes, you need a coat and tie.  I figure I'll
collect checks payable to the place where we have lunch, with, say, a
registration cutoff of 2 days prior to the event, so I can get the room
paid for in advance, and so we can bootstrap this financially until
we come up with a better method for doing things.
How to Sign Up: Reply to this message if you're interested in helping
this get started, or if you just want have lunch and talk shop with
people who'll actually understand what you're saying, and I'll give you
all the details.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-04 10:42:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: More fun with cash: Senate Bill 307 
Has anyone heard about this bill?  Comments?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-06 06:03:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Lotus Notes vs. the Web and the Net 
My favorite financial application for small multinationals (one of my
clients is a haircutter with 50 salons and 4 schools worldwide) is nightly
remittances to the home office in e$, especially in cash.
The consequences for the banking and tax systems are obvious. But it's
possible to imagine interesting changes in the foriegn exchange markets as
well ...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-07 12:24:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Industry Slams Gov's Encryption Export Plan 
I was at the 9/6 NIST session and this account is reasonably
accurate.  Even though a seemingly high percentage of
attendees indicated displeasure with current Administration
key escrow proposals, they seem hell bent on this path.
Further, the sense was that industry representatives were
basically invited as a simple window dressing maneuver.
The engaging Whitfield Diffie of Sun Microsystems did an
outstanding job of raising questions about the
Administration's proposal.
Today's session--"Desirable Characteristics for Key Escrow
Jim Rapp, "give me more info"
Alexandria, Virginia
Via Newsbytes, Kennedy Maize 9/6/95 12:00 a.m.
WASHINGTON, D.C., -- The Clinton administration's new proposal
on export controls onencryption in software got a tongue
lashing from the software industry today. The administration's
announcement of a so-called liberalization "suggests that the
government is pursuing a 'son of Clipper' strategy that could
lead to the mandatory use of government designed key escrow
encryption," said Robert Holleyman, president of the Business
Software Alliance.
Speaking at a conference sponsored by the National Institute
of Standards and Technology, Holleyman said the administration
plan to allow export only if the encryption scheme involves
key escrow reveals "a misunderstanding of the marketplace and
unless significantly changed, will prevent key escrow
encryption from ever being commercially adopted."
The White House initiative, Holleyman said, "failed to provide
immediate relief to software companies because it did nothing
to liberalize export controls on generally available software
employing non-key escrow encryption.
"Each delay by the administration in permitting the export of
software with strong encryption capabilities results in lost
sales for American companies," said Holleyman. "Ironically,
foreign software competitors, unconstrained by export
controls, continue to fill this void, with more than
200 foreign encryption programs available from 21 countries."
Under the new administration proposal, software companies that
employ non-key escrow encryption would continue to be limited
to a 40-bit key. Holleyman called for the administration
to immediately permit 56-bit encryption without key escrow,
which he said is the current world
Last year, the administration was pushing a hardware-software
approach to encryption, called the Clipper chip, which would
have employed government-designated escrow agents to hold
keys. Law enforcement agencies would have been able to get
access to the keys from the escrow agents.
Of the administration proposal to loosen controls on key
escrow encryption, Holleyman said that "the administration's
inability to shake off the Clipper mind-set is effectively
precluding the adoption of realistic criteria for commercial
key recovery systems." Holleyman suggested that a
workable system must include strong encryption where users --
in the US and elsewhere -- are able to specify the key holder.
Current administration policy, Holleyman said, is jeopardizing
the "future of the global information infrastructure and
electronic commerce. Instead of paving the roads, the
administration has left in place roadblocks on the information
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-11 07:12:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Progress and Freedom Conference this Summer 
There was a pointer here to an article in the NYT or WSJ about the
conference this summer of the Progress and Freedom Foundation, with muchos
net.luminarios (Huber, Myhrvold, Barlow, Brand, Kelly, Dyson, Keyworth,
etc.) in attendence. Topics were mostly about e$ and the
causes/consequences thereof.
I just saw this thing on CSPAN, and I thought it was way cool. Here's how
to get it from CSPAN in case they don't run it again.
Ask for Tape number 57759-63
CSPAN prices their tapes by the hour, at $35/hr. This tape is $105.00
Department 53
Washington, DC 20055
In case I botched something above, or you want to put this on your favorite
book-entry transaction account ;-), CSPAN's phone number is 202-737-3220
and ask for Viewer's Services.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-12 10:54:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Payment Systems 
For the edification of those concerned we have issued our first
Electronic Cheque today.
The browser now has been tested linking signed instructions
directly to the web.  The browser, however, is still being developed
to resolve the problems with shortage of space in Windoze DGROUP.
There is a copy of the browser at
ftp://193.119.26.70/mktnet/pub/echeque.zip  (or something
similar) we would recommend waiting a while before you take it
however and to take the horse.zip as well because of the DGROUP
The only form that will accept Echeques at the moment is
 ordflow
The trick in this form (if you are using our browser) is that it allows
payment either by ECheque or by credit card and only generates the
signed instruction for echeques.  The signed instruction is then
sent to our servers encrypted with 128 bit RC4.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-15 15:53:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: CYPHERPUNK harmful.  THE TRUTH IS TOLD 
Yeah!!!!  What he said!!!!
It seems to me that if a list of cypher-interested "cryptologists, hackers,
and mathematicians" (Copyright, Wall Street Journal), want to call
themselves "punks", it's fine by me.
Face it folks, people of the "punk" genre have innoculated this particular
petri dish. There's enough information-agar to munch on here for quite a
while, so it doesn't look like we're going to go anywhere. If some members
of this particular community wants to bud off, or fission, or spore, or
whatever this particular meme does to reproduce, in order to change its
name to something reputable, they're welcome to.
Frankly, I find it entertaining to phone up the local internet-hysterical
talkshow host's call screener and say, "I'm a cypherpunk, and I disagree
with the host". It gets me to the head of the line, even if the innumerate
technophobe who's managing the queue couldn't spell "cypher" if he/she/its
life depended on it...
So long, and you're welcome for all the fish.
Can we get back to c-coding and dissolving reality as we know it, now?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-15 15:53:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re:  "Use implies consent to monitoring" 
Uh, it looks like the .com registration to me...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-17 17:58:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Joe Sixpack and his TV 
Connie: "So it's really true that you're an anarchist? That you believe that
         semi-*automatic weapons* and strong *cryptography* should be *freely*
         available to *everyone*? and that strong cryptography on a *public*
         network like the *internet* will bring about the collapse of nation
         states all over the *world*?"
Tim:    "Yes."
Connie: "But, what about *democracy*? What the will of the *people*?"
Tim:    "What about them?"
A little more than 5 seconds, but I believe that captures her inflection
pretty nicely, don't you think?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-18 04:31:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: New Ecash Shop 
Now, this looks interesting...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
  I have opened a new unofficial shop, that accepts ecash.
It's unofficial, because it has not yet a logo.
It is an autoresponder, which automatically sends out documents
that people reques. Uploading costs 5 USD or 15 cb$s (minimum
charges). Your documents will also be available on www, or you
can build your homepage if you wish, but I can provide only slow
links yet. I bought the original autoresponder for ecash, but it in
its original form wasn't secure. Eg. 'send *' type requests sent
out private material. Now it's completely secure.
   Send mail
        To: kulz
        Subject: send faxbank
There is also a www page at
        where you can view the documents online.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-18 18:11:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Vince Cate is Breathing ;-) 
I think I can be foregiven for sharing a little private mail interchange I
just had with Vince Cate, the Anguillan ex-cypherpunk/technomad, who's
digging out from under Hurricane Luis...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
I am not sure if my other mail made it.
Ya, the roof blew off of the phone company and also the electric company.
All the phone company could do was set up an inmarsat phone line and
charge $60/min to make calls.
Thanks.  I can't think of anything I need.  Unless you know who sells
directional cell phone antennas.
   --  Vince
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-18 20:15:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hurricane Luis in Anguilla / Cellphone Antenna 
Hurricane Luis took Anguilla apart.  The three utility polls right near my
house all blew down.  My house, computers, etc are all fine.
Nobody was killed in Anguilla, but in St Marten (5 miles away) it seems
there were many people killed.  They have a lot of poor people there
and also a lot of people used to live in boats.  More than 1,000 of
about  1,400 boats sank.
They eye went right over Anguilla.  For awhile it was calm enough that
everyone went outside to stretch and say hi to everyone.  Overall it
took about 4 days to pass.
It has been nice to have solar pannels, batteries, an interter, etc. I did
not have a cellphone, but I do now.
And now that I have one I am really interested in the directional antenna
that might let me reach other islands - in particular the US Virgin
islands where long distance rates are $0.10/min at night with sprint
instead of the $2/min that we pay here in Anguilla.  Does anyone know
where I can order a directional cellphone antenna (boat antenna) good for
100 miles?
  --  Vince
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-19 14:16:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial Services Technology Consortium 
A friend found this...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
  I was looking for a web site for Shawmut/Fleet Bank and could
not find one.  But I did come across this which I thought might
be of particular interest to you...
            It is the Financial Services Technology Consortium (FSTC), which is a
consortium of financial services providers, national laboratories,
universities, and government agencies who sponsor and participate in
non-competitive collaborative research and development on interbank
technical projects.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-20 06:12:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Conference: WORLDWIDE ELECTRONIC COMMERCE 
Can you please consider letting your Boston list (or other lists) know
about the following. Thanks.
   Dr. Vinton G. Cerf, Ph.D.
   Senior Vice President
   MCI Telecommunications Corp.
CONFERENCE PROGRAM ...at a glance
  GENERAL SCHEDULE
  ------
TRACK - B
INFORMATION SECURITY
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-20 08:18:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Security Flaw Is Discovered In Software Used in Shopping 
Without belaboring the point too much, I think there are a few
conclusions that really ought to be drawn:

@_date: 1995-09-21 21:18:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Netscape RNG 
This sounds like a job for.... CyberDog!!!
Well, OpenDoc, anyway. How 'bout Mozilloids? Any plans for OpenDoc parts in
the works? There's talk on micp about making PGP parts...
Bob Hettinga
I know, I know, If you told me, you'ld have to kill me...
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-22 05:03:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Patents and trade secrets was: Encryption algorithms used in PrivaSoft 
Historical example time...
     Some Other Guy invented telephone
     A.G. Bell invented telephone.
     A.G. Bell files 6 hours earlier.
Actually happened. We know what happened...
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-22 06:23:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Non-Repudiation 
Dr. May said:
Ah... Someone's playing my song...
Sorry I took so long, but I wanted to give this excellent post some serious
attention, which is hard to come by when you're a person like me (praise
the lord and pass the Ritalin ;-) ).
I think you're right, Tim.  More and more people are finally realizing that
digital commerce *is* cryptography: cryptography as it's applied to
economics on a network of microprocessors.  After all, Netscape plans to
make its money on servers, most important, its commerce servers, the
servers that require the most cryptography.
A major leader on this front, to my mind -- that is, someone who has been
barking on the end of his chain ;-) the longest and loudest about all this,
and who has gone out and *learned* how the clearing of transactions happens
in the capital markets and elsewhere -- is Eric Hughes. Eric, who, along
with Tim May, founded this group to begin with, who has worked with David
Chaum, and who designed and built the first anonymous remailers.  One of
the reasons we don't see much of Eric around here these days is because
he's out there putting some rubber to the road in his consulting business,
where he's focusing on the very issue of cryptography and its applications
to digital commerce, and I wish him well.
That is *not* to slight others in this group who are also thinking about
this stuff. Not at all. In addition, most of us are looking at other issues
in cryptography, like remailers, like keeping the state out of our face,
like pithing SSL, and, frankly, most of the rest of us are too busy making
a living to do anything but lurk here.  Cryptography is huge, and digital
commerce is a small conceptual subset of the whole field, no matter how
important some of us think it is.
Nonetheless, the fact that both of the founders of this group are focusing
on cryptographic financial objects and/or their network infrastructure
speaks volumes its importance anyway.
Having laid down that as covering fire ;-), let's talk about creating an
ecosystem of autonomous financial objects on public networks, and why I
think that Tim's post is particularly important.
The reason we have the multiplicity of financial instruments out there to
begin with is because there is money in creating them.  But the reason
there's money in it is because of the fall of the price of networked
computer-based communication.  The market they're traded in exists in
computers.  The decisions made to buy and sell them are at least
facilitated by computers. The clearing and settlement of these instruments
are done on computers.  However, these systems are all centralized, closed,
private systems.  For that reason, the very accelleration of processing
cost-effectiveness which created them is going to sweep them away someday.
The bleeding edge of all this is the so-called 'synthetic' security,
something which exists as a software manifestation of the most recent
financial theory, sometimes only experimental and a few hours old,
sometimes sold to an investment bank's clients just like any other
security, secondary markets and all. A combination of purchases and short
sales of put and call options on a particular bond, which behaves like the
bond in price, for example, without having to hold the bond itself. This is
usually done because the liquidity or the transaction cost of holding these
instruments is lower than that of the bond.  In addition, since unwinding
of the synthetic security should yield the price of the bond after
transaction costs, any discrepancies between the two yields an opportunity
for arbitrage.
Of course, in the early days, all of 10 years ago, theory held somewhat
more promise than reality. The great "portfolio insurance" fiasco of the
early 80's arose from the fact that the options trades which were supposed
to offset the fall of the price of a security in this fashion turned out to
be not very liquid after all. When the time came to unwind these positions
in a hurry, they got stuck. That's not as much of a problem these days, as
evidenced by the proliferation of increasingly sophisticated securities
based on the same idea, which trade and settle just fine,
Note that we're talking about book-entry entities here.  That is, these
modern securities are creatures of an environment where software
"applications" reside on a particular computer on a particular local or
private network, to manipulate centralized accounting entries on that
computer or elsewhere, in order to reflect the expected or traded value of
a security. Things that live "on" a computer. It's controlled completely
from the outside, with the exception of the behavior of the market. Not
"in" it, or "in" the network the computer's hooked into.
Notice how different all that is from a digital certificate like Chaumian
digital cash. When you get a digital certificate, you receive it through a
cryptographic protocol which ensures that it is what it says it is.  If the
certificate is traded on-line, then the certificate's issuer vouches for it
right then and there. If it is traded off-line (someday, I hope...) the
certificate speaks for itself, just like a dollar bill's supposed to.  As
such, it can reside anywhere, not as a book-entry "on" a central computer
somewhere, but "in" the network.
Notice also we are backing down a level of abstraction from the status quo.
A certificate is what it says it is, it is not book-entry, which is a
pointer to something which is what it says it is.
That's the paradox of modern book entry systems. A book entry used to just
"point" to a physical certificate, which in turn points to a cash-flow or a
series of cash-flows of some kind. Of course, the term "book entry" is
almost exclusively used to describe clearing capital market trades without
the physical exchange of certificates for other pieces of paper (receipts,
checks, signature guarantees, etc.). The institutional ideal in this
environment is a clearing-house wire clearing the trade in exchange for a
bank wire transfer settling the trade. The book entry becomes the primary
abstraction, not any certificate it is supposed to represent.
The problem with book entries, of course, is the problem with any database.
You have to manipulate that database, and to do that, you have to get
access, and to do that you need permission... you get the point.  In a
capital market, that costs money, and it's costing more and more as a
percentage of the revenue derived from the transaction, because to get
access, you need human permission and intervention. If a human isn't
supervising things, people take advantage of their access. Mr. Leeson of
Barings was a classic case in point. Meanwhile, Moore's law keeps lowering
the cost of the rest of the production cycle.
Another problem, closer to the heart of this list, is that of anonymity.
The ultimate authority to modify that particular line item or database
field derives from the "owner" of that entry, since it is usually modified
by someone else, "a chain of custody" is needed: audit trails, and of
course, True Names are necessary somewhere, even with numbered accounts.
The primary point for inventing double-entry bookeeping was so owners could
control accountants, after all.
When electronic book entries started replacing paper ones, the resulting
economies of scale caused great centralization to occur. As I've said here
before, lines were cheaper than nodes, and things got bigger and bigger.
The advent of the microprocessor has been continually eating away at these
large control hierarchies, and making them harder and harder to maintain.
Things are getting out of control again.
In an out of control environment, like that found on public uncontrolled
networks like the internet, software has to be autonomous. A certificate,
like a piece of digital cash, is an autonomous entity. As we said before,
it is what it says it is. Because of a cryptographic protocol, you trust
the thing because of the way it behaves, not because you trust the people
who gave you access to it.
Now, Tim is talking about another type of autonomous entity, an agent,
basically, a "friendly" virus. A piece of code which is launched or
launches itself on one machine, crosses a network, runs itself on another
machine, and returns with a result. Our current concept of software agents
implies that there's something on another machine needs to be "got",
usually a database requiring access and permissions, which is why people
who manage centralized repositories of information are nervous about them,
just like microcomputers made their mainframe predecessors nervous.
On the other hand, it's easy to see a scenario where two agents arrange to
meet somewhere on a *public* network, in the presence of another
"impartial" agent to exchange certificates, trading, settling and clearing
all in one shot. Unsupervised. Out of control. Because the agents are
engaging in a cryptographic process which "breaks" if the entities behave
improperly, fraud is supposed to be prevented.
Which brings me to something which goes right to the heart of one of our
most cherished ideas here on cypherpunks, the idea of crypto-anarchy: with
the right cryptography, agreements become uninforceable because perfect
anonymity disconnects the "pointers" between digital and physical identity.
Crypto-anarchy means that states don't know who to force to do what.
Technology does this, it's reality, it's not optional, so we better get
used to it. The catch to all of this is a curious conceptual double
negative called non-repudiation.
I had trouble remembering the name for a while, I kept wanting to say
"plausible deniability", in the spirit of Admiral Poindexter. But I've had
to remember the real name, because the idea's so damned important.
Right now, the canon of commercial law for the entire free world (just so I
can't be accused of quibbling here :-) ) is completely based on the concept
of non-repudiation, that is, you can't repudiate an agreement, or a trade,
or you or you face legal sanction. Force, in other words. Ultimately, the
state can send you to jail, or worse.
About a year ago, when www-buyinfo had active discussion on it, (and had
not yet been turned into cyphe$rpunks by my reflexive redirection there of
all the e$ cheezy-bits from cypherpunks ;-), ) I got into an interesting
discussion there about non-repudiation and I didn't even know I was
involved in one. We were arguing about a familiar dichotomy in the concept
of digital cash, the difference between on-line and off-line protocols.
I was arguing that on-line cash was better because it was a more
"peer-to-peer" proposition than an online system, which required access to
a network connection, and high-bandwidth processing at the certificate
issuer so the issuer could participate in *every* *single* *cash*
*settlement*.  That invasive participation struck me as antithetical to the
whole concept of a hyper-distributed geodesic economy that I thought that
digital commerce was going to become. The technology which made it possible
for anyone, anywhere, to sell anything digitable -- music, movies,
information, teleoperator control sequences, professional services, and
financial instruments -- to anyone else, while using the cheapest possible
transaction protocol, that is, cash, a protocol which immediately and
finally clears and settles a transaction,  will win out in the end.
So, I was finding myself twisting in the wind about all of this, trying to
figure out how offline cash was going to have to work if double-spending
was possible, how could be kept to managable levels. I found myself saying
things like (forgive me), "Well, if they double-spend, put 'em in the
airlo- er, throw 'em in jail!". In other words, we have the key of the
double spender, even if she's anonymous, so we could use snitches,
subpoenas of bank records, and plain old detective work, to send her to
jail should she repudiate the agreement to not double-spend.
It's hard to see how that would happen in a perfect world with perfect
anonymity, much less in a world where nation-states couldn't collect income
to pay for judges, courts, and LEAs. Nick Szabo was gleefully slapping me
around the head and shoulders about this, and I retired from the field. So,
no matter how much the idea refuses to leave my thick Frisian head, I'll
leave that big, red, dog ("Hey, baby...") sleeping on the front porch for
the time being. This without even *touching* the other problem with digital
cash in general, Nathaniel Borenstein's favorite anti-digital-cash 2-by-4

@_date: 1995-09-25 10:27:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Commerce 
(If you have seen this before, we apologize ....)
Sunday, October 29 6-7:00 p.m.
Reception at Red Lion Hotel,
6121 North IH 35, Austin, Texas
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-25 15:17:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PM's Netscape rant 
I believe I've seen enough.
Now, that's why I *bought* Eudora...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-26 04:57:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The Law of ElectronicCommerce:  EDI, E-mail and Internet 
Little Brown and Co. announces release of _The Law of Electronic
Commerce:  EDI, E-mail and Internet_ (Second Edition) by Benjamin
This 640 page book has been updated to cover the latest
developments in electronic commerce, including the Utah Digital
Signature Act, electronic cash, computer records, and Internet
For more information, contact Little, Brown at tel:
800-331-1664; tel: +1-617-890-0250; fax: +1-617-890-0875.
The summary table of contents is available on the world wide web at
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-26 10:09:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SpokesPunking... 
No offense offered Craig, 'cause I like reading your stuff here, but the
concensus opinion on cypherpunks is "We don' need no steeenking
spokespunk!". It seems to me that you can say that without any title, and
the mouthier amongst us will be tapped for quotes as individuals anyway...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-26 17:35:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Netscape Stock Prices 
Yup. Looks like the old "wall of worry" trick to me. Stand back and let the
train go buy folks, madness of crowds and all that.
Actually, Netscape is still the only game in town as far as Wall Street
goes.  What the market needs is a foregone alternative, and some lucky
sailor to mistake a tulip bulb for an onion...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-09-28 07:53:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: 2nd notice - IEEE Symp on Security and Privacy - Call for papers 
Mailer: Elm [revision: 70.85]
                           CALL FOR PAPERS
1996 IEEE Symposium on                              May 6-8, 1996
Security and Privacy                            Oakland, California
                             sponsored by
  IEEE Computer Society Technical Committee on Security and Privacy
                         in cooperation with
    The International Association for Cryptologic Research (IACR)
Since 1980, the Symposium on Security and Privacy has been the premier
forum for presenting developments in computer security and for
bringing together researchers and practitioners in the field.
This year, we seek to build upon this tradition of excellence by
re-emphasizing work on engineering and applications as well as
theoretical advances.  We also seek to broaden the scope of the
Symposium by introducing additional topics.  We want to hear not only
about new theoretical results, but also about work in the design and
implementation of secure systems and work on policy relating to system
security.  We are particularly interested in papers on policy and
technical issues relating to privacy in the context of the Information
Infrastructure, papers on securing unsecure applications and operating
systems, papers that relate software and system engineering technology
to the design of secure systems, and papers on hardware and
architectural support for secure systems.
The symposium will focus on technical aspects of security and privacy
as they arise in commercial and industrial applications, as well in
government and military systems.  It will address advances in the
theory, design, implementation, analysis, and application of secure
computer systems, and in the integration and reconciliation of
security and privacy with other critical system properties such as
reliability, performance, and safety.  Topics in which papers and
panel session proposals are invited include, but are not limited to,
the following:
Secure systems          Privacy Issues          Access controls
Security verification   Network security        Policy modeling
Information flow        Authentication          Database security
Data integrity          Security Protocols      Viruses and worms
Auditing                Biometrics              Smartcards
Commercial and industrial security              Intrusion Detection
Security and other critical system properties   Distributed systems security
Novel applications of cryptography and other security techniques
We will continue the session of very brief (5-minute) talks introduced
last year.  Our goal is to make it possible for us to hear from people
who are advancing the field in the areas of system design and
implementation, and who would like to present their ideas to the
symposium audience but may lack the time and resources needed to
prepare a full paper.  Submissions for this session will be accepted
up to April 2, 1996 to permit us to hear of the most recent
developments. Abstracts of these talks will be distributed at the
INSTRUCTIONS TO AUTHORS:
Send six copies of your paper and/or proposal for a panel session to
John McHugh, Program Co-Chair, at the address given below.  Papers and
panel proposals must be received by November 6, 1995.  Papers, which
should include an abstract, must not exceed 7500 words.  The names and
affiliations of the authors should appear on a separate cover page
only, as a ``blind'' refereeing process is used.  In addition to the
paper submission, an ASCII copy of the paper title and abstract should
be sent to the Program Co-Chair (mchugh by electronic mail.
These will be distributed electronically (without author
identification) to the entire program committee to aid in the
appropriate assignment of referees. Authors must certify prior to
December 25, 1995 that any and all necessary clearances for
publication have been obtained.
Papers must report original work that has not been published
previously, and is not under consideration for publication elsewhere.
Abstracts, overlength papers, electronic submissions, late
submissions, and papers that cannot be published in the proceedings
will be rejected without review.  Authors will be notified of
acceptance by January 16, 1996.  Camera-ready copies are due not later
than March 4, 1996.
Panel proposals should describe, in two pages or less, the objective
of the panel and the topic(s) to be addressed.  Names and addresses of
potential panelists (with position abstracts if possible) and of
the moderator should also be included.  Panels are not intended to
serve as alternate paper sessions and it is expected that, with the
possible exception of an overview of the topic area by the panel
chair, individual presentations by panel members will be limited to
five to ten minutes and that at least one third of the session will be
reserved for discussion.
Submitters of abstracts for the special session of five-minute talks
should submit one page abstracts to John McHugh, Program Co-Chair, at
the address given below.  The abstract should be one page or less;
Email submissions of 30 to 60 lines are preferred. Abstracts must be
received by April 2, 1996.  Authors will be notified of acceptance or
rejection of abstracts by April 16.  Submitted abstracts that are
accepted will be distributed at the conference.  Presenters of
five-minute talks are expected to register for the conference.
Overtly commercial presentations are inappropriate.
The Symposium will also include informal poster sessions where
preliminary or speculative material, and descriptions or
demonstrations of software, may be presented.  Send one copy of your
poster session paper to Dale Johnson, at the address given below, by
January 31, 1996, together with certification that any and all
necessary clearances for presentation have been obtained.
Again this year, we will attempt to counsel prospective authors.  If
you have questions about whether or how to present your work to the
symposium, please send email to the Chair (dmj and we will
do our best to assist you.
Information about this conference will be also be available by
anonymous ftp from ftp.cs.pdx.edu in directory /pub/SP96, on the web
at  The program chairs can be reached by
email at sp96
PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Dave Bailey, Galaxy Computer Services, USA
Terry Vickers Benzel, TIS, USA
Lee A. Benzinger, Loral, USA
Debbie Cooper, DMCooper, USA
Oliver Costich, Independent Consultant, USA
Yves Deswarte, LAAS-CNRS & INRIA, FR
Jim Gray, Hong Kong U. of Sci. and Tech, HK
Li Gong, SRI, USA
Sushil Jajodia, GMU, USA
Paul Karger, GTE, USA
Carl Landwehr, NRL, USA
John McLean, NRL, USA
Catherine A. Meadows, NRL, USA
Rich Neely, CTA, USA
Sylvan S. Pinsky, DoD, USA
Mike Reiter, AT&T, USA
Sue Rho, TIS, USA
Peter  Ryan, DRA, UK
Tom Schubert, Portland State Univ., USA
Stuart Stubblebine, AT&T, USA
Elisabeth Sullivan, Sequent, USA
Tom Van Vleck, Taligent, USA
Vijay Varadharajan, Univ. of Western Sydney, AU
Yacov Yacobi, Microsoft, USA
Raphael Yahalom, Hebrew University, Israel
Mary Ellen Zurko, OSF, USA
For further information concerning the symposium, contact:
  Dale Johnson, General Chair        John McHugh, Program Co-Chair
  The MITRE Corporation              Computer Science Department
  Mailstop A156                      Portland State University
  202 Burlington Rd                  P.O. Box 751
  Bedford, MA 01730-1420, USA        Portland OR 97207-0751, USA
  Tel: +1 (617) 271-8894             Tel: +1 (503) 725-5842
  Fax: +1 (617) 271-3816             Fax: +1 (503) 725-3211
  dmj                      mchugh
  Steve Kent, Vice Chair             George Dinolt, Program Co-Chair
  BBN Systems and Technologies       Loral WDL
  Mailstop 13/2a                     P.O. Box 49041, MS X20
  70 Fawcett Street                  San Jose, CA 95161-9041
  Cambridge, MA 02138                Tel: +1 (408) 473-4150
  Tel: +1 (617) 873-6328             Fax: +1 (408) 473-4272
  Fax: +1 (617) 873-4086             dinolt
  kent
  Charles Payne, Treasurer
  Secure Computing Corporation
  2675 Long Lake Road
  Roseville, MN  55113
  Tel: +1 (612) 628-1594
  Fax: +1 (612) 628-2701
  cpayne
  Peter Ryan, European Contact       Jim Gray, Asia/Pacific Contact
  Defence Research Agency            Department of Computer Science
  Room NX17                          Hong Kong Univ. of Science & Technology
  St Andrew's Rd                     Clear Water Bay, Kowloon, Hong Kong
  Malvern                            Tel: +852 358-7012
  Worcs WR14 3PS,UK                  Fax: +852 358-1477
  Tel +44 (0684) 895845              gray
  Fax +44 (0684) 894303
  ryan
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-26 20:27:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Let's Not Merge Mailing Lists, OK? 
I'm cc:-ing this to both lists just this once, because this message is more
or less administrative. I'm not trying to merge www-buyinfo with
tcmay (Timothy C. May) said:
I agree with Tim.
I've been doing one-way forwards from cypherpunks to www-buyinfo for most
of a year now.  Most of the people on www-buyinfo are business people who
understand that digital commerce *is* financial cryptography, but they
don't have time to read all of cypherpunks to find the e$ juicy-bits. When
I do this, I put a "(cpx)" in the subject line so that the sizable
community of cypherpunks on www-buyinfo can filter them out and won't have
to see double. I've gotten a lot of fan-mail for this, even though it's not
really in keeping with the original charter for www-buyinfo, which seems to
have been subsumed by other groups, like the e-payments list and others.
Recently Dave Kristol has said that he's going to retool www-buyinfo, and
when he does, I'm hoping to have set up my own structure of 3 hypermail
archived e$ lists (a netwide e$ digest, a discussion list, and a
newsletter). I'm talking to about 3 or 4 different people about it, and I
should have the details worked out within a few days, with an announcement
next week, if I'm lucky.
Anyway, I've sent a few messages in the opposite direction on occasion
(from www-buy to c'punx), but I do try to hold it down, mostly because
whatever the topic is, we've usually talked about it on cypherpunks before.
I should note, however, that there's a good-sized discussion, for www-buy,
anyway, going on over on over there about anonymity, which has heated up
over the past few days. I forwarded a message here from Nick Szabo as an
example of it yesterday. The cross-posting Tim's talking about is a result
of that discussion.
There's a whole lot of "what do we need anonymity for, anyway?" opinion in
the business community, and it should be addressed with as much reason as
possible, and not by shouting them down with moral arguments to the
contrary, no matter how right those moral arguments are. Fortunately, I
believe there's a great business case for anonymity, and frankly, there had
better be, because, in a cryptoanarchic geodesic economy like the one we're
fixing to have, nothing is going to survive without a market.
Anyway, like I said, I agree with Tim.  If you want to post to cypherpunks,
you should subscribe to cypherpunks, and suffer the firehose like the rest
of us have to do. However, those of us who are on both lists, especially
those of us longer-term cypherpunks like Hal, and Nick, and Adam Shostack,
should be the ones to forward messages, if any, to cypherpunks, because
they are the ones who know whether cypherpunks has seen this before.  For
instance, the posting of Nick Szabo's that I sent to cypherpunks was more
of a rah-rah exercise (no pun intended) than anything else. It was so well
thought out that I thought it bore passing around a bit. However, as an
actual contribution to the information content on cypherpunks, what Nick
said has been said on cypherpunks before, if not typically with such
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-30 19:29:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Important Digital Cash Question... 
How about "Pip", J. Pierpont Morgan's childhood nickname. OK, OK, I'll sit
down now...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-31 02:11:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Important Digital Cash Question... 
Wait, wait! I have another one. I call digital cash bankers "underwriters",
because they're basically underwriting digital certificates, like an
underwriter in the capital markets does.
So, we need a "U" name...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-01 07:23:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: A final Huber-Spam: ON MONEY 
Note the URL.
There's more there for them as wants 'em.
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Organization: Shipwright
 ON MONEY
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-01 14:02:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: N$ SSL vs M$ PCT 
Having found that Micro$oft have produced a standards document
about their alternative to SSL I was interested in comparing it to
that written by Net$cape.
The big question in my view is why did they produce a new
proposal is it:
a) Because they have found major flaws in the SSL protocol
and wish to correct these (note the protocol not the implementation)
or is it
b) Because M$ want to "own" the Internet Security Software market
and take the initiative off N$ who, notwithstanding their problems with
implementation, have produced a working system.
My personal view is that b) is the case.
I have compared
SSL V3   (available at PCT  Both have status of Internet Draft.
I have implemented SSL V2 in a browser
and a server (
I have not implemented and do not intend implementing PCT
Both SSL V3 and PCT now involve a vast number of different alternatives
for Ciphers most of these alternatives do not help in any practical sense
and I have not compared the lists.
PCT allows for supporting SSL as well by using a bit in the SSL version number
to indicate PCT.  This means that servers can support both protocols. Clients
cannot as the first message is sent by the client and there is no provision for
SSL/PCT negotiation.
Both PCT and SSL start with an initial session (GET or POST in wwwland) which
establishes a master key and allow continuations of that key in later sessions.
M$ use the following arguments in support of PCT:
1. it is simpler.
PCT uses longer messages with more fields in them.  It cuts out the final
SERVER-FINISHED and CLIENT-FINISHED messages.  It puts some of the
data in SSL into other records.  I quite like the verification in the
message which means that bad implementatations crash out at that point rather
than putting rubbish into the higher level protocol.  However, I consider that
in essence there is no real difference.  I, therefore, disagree with M$.
2. Message authentication uses different keys to the encryption keys.  How
this helps, apart from making implementation harder, I cannot quite fathom.  We
should not be using this secure channel protocol for proper message
only.  The MAC (Message Authentication Code) is not what I would use for
authentication from a legal and contractual background.  I prefer Digitally
3. They say there is a security hole in SSL's client authentication.
When the initial session establishing a session key uses (for example) 40 bit
encryption. It does mean that subsequent sessions are also essentially just as
insecure.  This is the case for PCT and SSL.  However, client authentication
in SSL uses a digital signature using the client's private key.  To get hold of
this requires something more than simply being man in the middle.  I think M$
are well out of order on this one.
4. They introduce a verify prelude field to make sure that the cipher type
and other negotiations have not been tampered with.  I suppose this is a
fair if disingenuous point.  If a "man in the middle" is tampering with your
negotiations to make sure that you use a low level of encryption so that it
can be cracked then your implementations should not be using such
crippleware and cypherpunks will have cracked it ages ago.
There is a point that should be made that servers and clients should really
indicate the encryption cipher being used.  Both my client and server do.
So in essence M$ make 4 arguments. Two are IMHO wrong.  One is
irrelevant from a commercial perspective and the other one does not matter.
In the end N$'s version is working.  M$ are probably coding like mad.
The final formula to determine the result may be
if (M$>N$) SSL+=PCT;
where M$ and N$ are measured in US Dollars.
(MarketNt is a UK company independent of both M$ and N$ although
N$ were helpful in debugging the interoperability of my early essays into
SSL for which I am grateful.)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-01 17:59:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: CJR for perl-RSA t-shirt 
I haven't had this much fun since the hogs ate my little brother.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-03 13:33:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) ETO TENDER 
X-Minuet-Version: Minuet1.0_Beta_14.1
Reply-To: X-Popmail-Charset: English
For List:
Ref UN Trade Point
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-04 04:56:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) ETO Trade Points : Correction 
X-Minuet-Version: Minuet1.0_Beta_14.1
Reply-To: X-Popmail-Charset: English
I made a mistake in the Web site address.
The correct address is
 Gordon Jenkins
 --
 GORD JENKINS
e maik  JENKINS
tel 613 794 6735
fax 613 723 8938
------ Forwarded message ends here ------
 --
 GORD JENKINS
e maik  JENKINS
tel 613 794 6735
fax 613 723 8938
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-04 12:45:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CSPAN2: Copyright on the Internet 
It's 3:43 pm EST, and CSPAN-2 has Cerf, the CO$ counsel, and others on a
panel about copyright on the internet...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-05 18:31:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (cpx) Mastercard, IBM, Netscape, CyberCash and GTE publish SEPP 
www-buyinfo
MasterCard's Secure Electronic Payment Protocol is now available on the WWW at
 (without the `l').
This protocol is based on iKP but includes much more details. You can download
it from the page above until we `re-hash' it into Internet Draft form.
Comments are very welcome, and I suggest we use the e-payment mailing list
for them (until an IETF working group is formed).
I believe that the publication of this spec and the STT spec suggests that
we should in fact proceed now with establishing a working group. So, I plan
to submit an updated charter soon... Comments on it are also welcome.
Best, Amir
Text version of the page:
Secure Electronic Payment Protocol Specification
The development of electronic commerce is at a critical juncture. Consumer
for secure access to electronic shopping and other services is very high;
want simple, cost-effective methods for conducting electronic transactions;
institutions want a level-playing field for software suppliers to ensure
products at competitive prices. The next step to achieving secure,
on-line transactions at a rate fast enough to satisfy market demand, is the
development of a single, open industry specification.
The generally accepted process for developing a technical standard or
within an industry is comprised of five steps:
   Collaboration of interested parties
   Preparation of the document
   Availability of the document for comment
   Modification of the document based on the comments
   Publication of the document for implementation.
In a effort to develop a specification for securing bankcard transactions over
Internet and other open networks, IBM, Netscape, GTE, CyberCash and MasterCard
have cooperatively developed the following draft document, which is now
for review and comment. Each company brought unique and valuable experience to
the effort.
The result of this collaboration is Secure Electronic Payment Protocol (SEPP)
open, vendor-neutral, non-proprietary, license-free specification for securing
on-line transactions. Currently in draft form, this document is available for
and comment by all interested parties. It also will be sent to Internet
bodies, including the Internet Engineering Task Force. Once comments are
modifications will be made and a final document will be published in the public
Access to SEPP Specification
 This specification is structured in five files in order to make downloading
 easier:
 Preface: This file provides an overview of the entire SEPP document.
 Postscript (.Z), Postscript (.zip), Postscript (.hqx),
 Mac OS (Word 5.1[.hqx])
 If you'd like to browse just this part, Click Here.
 Part 1 - Business Requirements: This file defines the major business
 requirements for secure electronic payments.
 Postscript (.Z), Postscript (.zip), Postscript (.hqx),
 Mac OS (Word 5.1[.hqx])
 Part 2 - Functional Specification: This file contains the functional
 specification for the payment process and the certificate management system.
 Postscript (.Z), Postscript (.zip), Postscript (.hqx),
 Mac OS (Word 5.1[.hqx])
 Part 3 - Payment System Specification: This file defines the detailed design
 for the payment system.
 Postscript (.Z), Postscript (.zip), Postscript (.hqx),
 Mac OS (Word 5.1[.hqx])
 Part 4 - Certificate Management Specification: This file defines the detailed
 design for the Certificate Management System.
 Postscript (.Z), Postscript (.zip), Postscript (.hqx),
 Mac OS (Word 5.1[.hqx])
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-05 18:27:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: GC Tech GlobeID pilot 
X-Sender: pays
        www-buyinfo
As it seems everyone is broadcasting URL about electronic payment
systems, let me propose
        which does no lead to a specification but the Globe Online, Globe ID pilot
setup By GC Tech.
Sorry only a few pages are available in english by now.
  English and some other languages wil be available within a few weeks
Sorry again, but because real content is and will be available
we commited to deliver only a few hundreds Web Wallets for this
pilot. You can still use the web form to apply for one...

@_date: 1995-10-06 05:40:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Trust company banks on Internet 
X-Minuet-Version: Minuet1.0_Beta_14.1
Reply-To: X-Popmail-Charset: English
First Internet Banker  ??  !!
Check out
       Fri 6 Oct 95
"Bayshore set to become first Internet banker  -
Trust promises approval in as little as two minutes"
 " Trust company banks on Internet -Financial shopping
in cyberspace arrives in Canada next week with the first
intractive banking sevice on the Internet. Analysts say there
is a lot more coming soon.
Bayshore Trust Co.plans to take applcations for loans up
to $15,000 and orders for guaranteed investment certificates
directly from customers on the World Wide Web"
Gordon Jenkins
 --
 GORD JENKINS
e maik  JENKINS
tel 613 794 6735
fax 613 723 8938
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-09 09:24:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PC disk wipe software 
There has been considerable discussion on the MCIP list about how most
*Mac* programs that purport to do this, like Burn, for example, leave stuff
over in disk blocks. My understanding is that this is not a trivial
problem, and it occurs in MUSH-DOS as well....
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-11 12:19:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FWD>sig du crypt 
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-12 12:19:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) checkfree/cybercash diff 
Hi all,
I studied both websites regarding their wallet system. I noticed a press
release that checkfree will license cybercash technology and develope
products. I saw _no_ release that checkfree has already released a cybercash
wallet compatible SW.
But I cannot find any difference between cybercash wallet and checkfree wallet.
Is it behind the open part of the tech information?
Who can make things clear???
read you later  -  Holger Reif
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-15 15:50:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Yes, indeed the PA law is for real! 
This is rich!  The PA legislature just set themselves up for an anonymous
e-mail shit-storm from people using *foriegn* non-logging remailers to
prove their point. Hold on to your shorts, you guys at hacktic, et. al.,
you're gonna have some fun now...
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-17 12:46:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: BeBox Security Hole? 
This looks like fun...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-17 12:46:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Reuters Smells the Coffee 
Sender: infocker () (from unknown.aol.com 205.188.2.111)
Thought Mr. Hettinga might particularly appreciate this perspective.
Jim Rapp
Alexandria, Virginia
"give me more info"
As always, do not send the copyright police after me.
LONDON - Growing business on the Internet computer network could
allow companies and individuals to avoid taxes and build up a black
economy increasingly out of range of government intervention and
regulation, computer experts say.
People will be able to download computer programs from
Philadelphia to Paris or buy books from Madrid in Manila, avoiding
export or import duties and sales taxes, as well as bypassing
government trade statistics.
"Electronic purses," loaded from banks down telephone lines,
could become the favored means of payment for fast, anonymous and
secure payments, with currencies of choice becoming more exotic,
depending on what is acceptable to dealmakers.
"Cyberdollars," expatriate U.S. currency zapping across telephone
lines between computers, could add to problems posed for authorities
by existing funds outside national borders.
Deals on the Internet are mainly completed by credit card at
present. But electronic purses could lead to a buildup of currency
beyond the control of governments and central banks, further limiting
their influence on economies and markets and making traditional
monetary tools like interest rates less effective.
"Online business will involve much more economic activity outside
the control and ambit of government," Madsen Pirie, director of the
Adam Smith Institute, a right-wing British think-tank, told Reuters.
"Government will have to limit its ambitions. Just like
governments in the modern world find it difficult to have exchange
control; they can't control billions of dollars of cash sloshing
around foreign exchange markets," he said.
Business is fairly modest now but will increase exponentially,
Pirie forecasts.
The U.S. Commerce Department has said electronic cash will
account for 20 percent of U.S. purchases by 2005, up from just over 4
percent last year and compared with just over 16 percent forecast by
Leaders of the information technology industry believe that the
embryonic stage is over and are wary of government action, which they
feel might inhibit growth.
Analysts reckon that any attempt to regulate cybermarkets is
likely to be futile.
The Adam Smith Institute's Pirie agrees, predicting: "Governments
will fail if they try to control this. They always have when they try
to hold back the way history is going."
- - - - -
Copyright, Reuters America Inc. All rights reserved
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-17 12:52:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: re: e$: Reuters Smells the Coffee 
Sorry, folks.
Eudora got the best of me there...
Sorry for the bandwidth...
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-18 12:36:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (buyinfo Req:) Stored value card alliances? 
Sender: Mark Organization: Bruce Morgan Associates, Inc.
Would someone be able recommend a table listing all the various store-value
card and digital cash strategic alliances?
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-20 06:10:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Dr. Fred 
While Dr. Fred may have a (diminishing) few defenders left on this list, I
have found that ing him was useful, at least until his latest
series of trolls stirred up the unaware.
I agree with the people who say that if he's ignored, he'll go away. After
all, it has worked before, yes?
Prove to me it won't work. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-23 09:18:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Mondex vs. Digicash (was: Godzilla vs. Mothra) 
ecm bsdc
X-Mts: smtp
Sender: bounce-bsdc
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: hallam
Some comments on the comments:
  anonymity, will be announced very soon; reporter activity on
  this subject is consistent with an embargoed press release for
  Monday or Tuesday. From posts to the list it's clear that a fully
  working system, ready for customers, will be announced.
The avbilability in the US I don't consider as meaning much one way or
the other. Mondex is avaliable in Swindon in the UK, a very large and very
serious real world trial.
More importantly Mondex has Wells Fargo Bank behind it and NatWest and HKSB,
these are major league players with very tight coupling, cross ownership of
subsidiaries etc.
  low-value payments are largely going to be used for impulse
  purchases. If the Digicash system allows people to set up their
  accounts without getting out of their chairs (which I suspect will
  be the case, if they do it right), it will initially get more
  adopters.
DigiCash will be limited to the Internet, Mondex is genuine cash, it allows
offline purse to purse transactions.
  who knows what the outcome of their discovery & exploitation would be?
  I know at least one group of people who believe they have a good line
  on a serious security problem in Mondex.
If they have the specs they are under an NDA. If you know people who know a
problem tell them to get in touch with Tim Jones, they are very keen to get the
best security possible.
I'm not sure that the conventional "publish everything" dogma of cypher
types is
valid. I don't think they are relying on security through obscurity, they
want it in addition. Mondex is designed with two security schemes to be
exchanged at overlapping four year intervals.
  much fun it is for the average user to add a new piece of hardware
  to their machines... ever install a sound card and CD-ROM drive on
  a PC? I remember reading something like 20% of all "multimedia"
  kits were returned, largely due to user install problems. If there
  is a competing method that costs the same and _doesn't_ require
  the hardware, people will tend go with this.
They need it to be plug 'n play. I expect this to happen.
  that it _is_ possible to issue spender-anonymous e-cash. If you ask
  them, "Hey, can I create fully anonymous digital cash?", they go
  apeshit, but if you explain that the money uses existing (auditable)
  channels going in, and existing (auditable) channels going out, and
  that only spenders are anonymous, they relax considerably. They may
  change their minds later, but we're about to get an existence proof.
All I know is that at the mention of DigiCash bankers start muttering
  the next 10+ years. Although there's been considerable shakeout in
  the last ten years, there is still a huge variety of non-electronic
  payment methods -- how can you be so sure that Mondex will win over
  Digicash, and that they won't co-exist like, say, money orders,
  currency and cashier's checks (three instruments with both similar
  and dissimilar attirbutes)?
Quite probable, except that Mondex is a very credible scheme with very
large and
very established names behind it. I haven't heard of Mark Twain bank. I don't
say that this predetermines the outcome, just that there are reasons why one
might have an advantage.
                Phill H-B
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-23 16:18:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Internet Security Review 
This makes me laugh out loud. I have Wit Beer coming out of my nose. My
poor trackball's going to take a major Windex job now, boy.
Denning *doesn't* go for a fellow(?) Certified Cryptographer(tm), probably
because her credentials are all but shot now. She *doesn't* go after
someone *paid* to go after *her* in the policy arena, like Banisar & Co.,
who could beat her with "half his brains tied behind his back". She
wouldn't *dare* go after the politicians like (sorry again, Rush) Mr. Newt,
who *are* thwarting her monomaniacal campaign to sperm^h^h^h^h^h-sample the population for biometric purposes, she goes
after *Tim* *Freakin'* *May* for chrissake.
Gotta watch that "corrupting the youth of Athens" stuff, Tim, 'cuz Big Bad
Ol' Dottie D's gonna get ya!
Feh. Hemlock anyone?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-23 19:41:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) WebNet-96 CFP (San Francisco) 
-------
WebNet is the annual conference of the Web Society that was founded in 1995
out of a concern that an organisation addressing the application aspects of
the Web and representing a lobby for Web users independent of specific
platforms and without the domination of commercial organisations was needed.
The WebSociety complements existing other bodies such as the Internet
Society and W3C. The former is, by definition, more concerned with
providing global Internet services than anything else and the latter is
specifically oriented towards one particular system WWW. The Web Society
and hence WebNet takes a more general view, dealing with a variety of
modern Internet tools and their integration including services such as
Gopher, WWW, Hyper-G, WAIS, directory services, FTP, email and cooperative
applications and novel approaches from Hot Java to VRML, from Web compatible
teaching modules to 3D interfaces.
For more details on the Web Society, see                O /                                 O /
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-24 08:58:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fred, Fred, Fred: Enough already! 
Can we please talk to Dr. Fred, the Poster Child of the Informal Fallacy,
if we *really* have to, off line?
I had my fill of specious arguments in college already. Speaking of both, I
would reccommed any book on elementary logic (Copi used to be a good one),
specifically the informal falacies section, if you want a good laugh, and
to see why his "Did so, did not! Prove it didn't!" argument style makes me
want to step outside and hork in the bushes.
I would hate to kill-file people who are normally clueful, but I will, just
to get this second-order Fredness out of my face.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-24 12:52:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Chaum vs. Stein 
Wanted to save my 'me too' until a time I could piggy-back it onto something a
little more pithy (and I DO mean 'little'). Robert, thanks for taking the time
and energy for filtering cpx and forwarding the best. David, thanks for
providing the forum. Now that  _that's_  out of the way ...
I've just been handed a registration booklet for The Bank Administration
Institute's Retail Delivery '95 conference December 2-6 in Atlanta. Notable
speakers include The Bill, MasterCard CEO Eugene Lockhart, Visa International
CEO Edmund Jensen, Intuit CEO Scott Cook and Checkfree CEO Pete Kight (among
Featured on page 6 is a "Fireside Chat: The Financial Marketplace of the
Future" moderated by Lou Dobbs... How warm and fuzzy. What really caught my eye
was a panel discussion on Internet Security scheduled for that Wednesday. The
panelists are David Chaum, Cybercash CEO William Melton, and FV CEO Lee Stein.
If anyone goes, tell us all how it went!
Kicker -  the postal frank is of the "non-profit organization" variety.
BIA's site is at --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-24 20:40:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Conference Report? 
Did anyone go to the
"Worldwide Electronic Commerce Law, Policy, Security and Controls Conference" ?
It was in Bethesda October 18 - 20.
Just curious. Sponsored by a lot of Big Cheese (ABA, HLS, NIST, UNCITL,
SPA, ETC, ETC, ETC).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-25 02:30:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IT View of Worldwide Electronic Commerce Conference 
I *love* this place!
Thanks, very much.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-25 07:27:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: BSDC: Designing Systems for Electronic Commerce 
The Boston Society for Digital Commerce
                               Presents
                              Win Treese
                            Open Market, Inc.
                 Designing Systems for Electronic Commerce
                        Tuesday, November 7, 1995
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Win Treese is Director of Security and Advanced Technology for Open
Market, Inc., a startup company building systems and software for
electronic commerce on open networks.  Before joining Open Market, he
was a member of the research staff at the Cambridge Research
Laboratory of Digital Equipment Corporation, where he worked on a
variety of projects, including the design and implementation of
Digital's Internet firewall system and the AudioFile network audio
Win says:
This meeting of the Boston Society for Digital Commerce will be held on
Tuesday, November 7, 1995 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by Saturday,
November 4 (that's one week from this Saturday), or you won't be on the list
for lunch. Checks payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will
have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, c/o The Shipwright Development
Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they
must be made payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with a few glacial A/P departments ourselves, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
November's speaker will be Art Hutchinson of Northeast Consulting Resources,
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the BSDC Program Commmittee care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Boston Society for Digital Commerce, send
"info bsdc" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the BSDC e-mail list, send "subscribe bsdc" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Bob Hettinga
Interim Moderator,
The Boston Society for Digital Commerce
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-25 11:34:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (www-b) (fwd) Privacy Marketing 
Nick's on a roll now...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Most Internet businesses, especially the Web software and
payment systems providers, are severely underestimating the market
for privacy features that is out there.  Consider:
* A recent general survey showed that 83% of Americans are very
concerned about their privacy on the "Information Superhighway".
One can expect even stronger figures from European customers, which
have more first-hand experience with private data, much of it
originally compiled for innocuous reasons, being used for
political repression.  The vast majority of our customers are
concerned about privacy.
* Marketing surveys on privacy that are both detailed and accurate
are hard to come by, because customers who care more about their privacy
tend to dislike filling out detailed forms (even if they claim to be
* Over half the BBS, and potentially the Internet, online service market
is in controversial services, where customers are even more concerned
about privacy than average.
* Privacy, once considered merely a political issue, is now being recognized
for its more important aspect, as a market differentiator and value-add.
Marketers correctly recognize that government "privacy regulations" mean
much less privacy for businesses if it is to be enforced, and the voters no
longer expect such laws to have any teeth in the face of modern
technology.  That hardly means that customers are not concerned about it, as
the numbers show.  The alternative to regulation is market solutions.
Recognize that many customers do want privacy, give them what they want,
and contrast yourself to your competitor. Making visible the ways your
competitor is violating their customers' privacy will become a powerful
marketing strategy.  This strategy was used rather timidly, and inaccurately,
by AT&T against MCI, where it nevertheless had great success.  (Inaccurate
because all major phone companies compile lists of who calls whom,
and use them for marketing as well as billing -- MCI was simply being more
honest about it).  Used boldly and accurately, privacy marketing has
vast potential to upset competitors who rely too much on marketing
data and not enough on empathy with the human customer.  For an idea
of what such a marketing campaign might be like, imagine combining
Apple "1984" Mac ads, one of the most effective campaigns in history,
with the AT&T vs. MCI campaign, to sell products and services that
in fact do protect customer privacy where the competition does not.
* Most Americans do _not_ participate in frequent flier and similar
customer tracking programs.  Many who do participate don't realize
the extent to which their lifestyle is tracked, since these actions
are performed on remote databases, well hidden from the customer.
If customers aren't concerned about their privacy, then why the need for
all the distracting gimmicks and giveaways?  Why not just promote these
programs straightforwardly to the customer as "Customer Tracking
Programs"?  A competitor who can provide a privacy protecting solution
can do just that, damaging these tracking programs severely.
* It is ludicrous to argue that cash transactions, which leave no
identified paper trail, provide no practical privacy.  In fact they
prevent detailed compilation of lifestyle habits, by (a) not
depending on identity to settle the transaction, (b) making
identity tracking, where it occurs, a visible, separate process, and
(c) making it too expensive to track identity via the payment system itself,
except in extreme, very rare cases.  In practice, this means that cash
customers don't get their lifestyles described in detail in remote
databases, while non-confidential electronic payers increasingly do.
Eventually this sharp difference in outcome will feed back to the
customer, greatly increasing the demand for cash over non-confidential
electronic payment.
* A big challenge for vendors value-adding privacy is to accurately
communicate these privacy features, through both the user interface and their
marketing, while debunking fraudulent claims (such as calling
non-confidential payment systems "cash") and exposing the privacy
violating actions of their competitors.
I conclude that privacy marketing will be an important value-add for
Internet commerce.  It will be a terrific way to gain market share at
the expense of the competition  -- or to lose much of your market share,
if you find yourself on the wrong end of a privacy campaign.
Nick Szabo                              szabo
Consultant, Internet Commerce & Security
IBM, Sequent, DigiCash, Agorics
Nine years experience on the Internet
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-29 05:13:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Technology: The Great Deregulator 
St. Pete (Peter Huber, that is) Speaks!
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Newsgroups: alt.politics.economics
Lines: 91
NNTP-Posting-Host: access4-2.digex.net
X-Newsreader: TIN [UNIX 1.3 950824BETA PL0]
X-Newsreader: Value-Added NewsWatcher 2.0b27.1+
     Following is an article by Peter Huber. More articles by Mr. Huber
can be seen at    -----------
   The sun is finally setting on a dismal century of economic commissars.
   Not Russia's, ours. I mean the people who, for most of this century,
   controlled price and output in markets for trucking, air travel,
   railroads, telephone service, cable TV, natural gas and electricity.
   Until recently, these mammoth industries, representing a sizable
   fraction of the U.S. economy, had about as much to do with free-market
   competition as the steel industry in Stalingrad.
   It started with the Interstate Commerce Commission. Established in
   1887, the ICC was to be the federal antidote to rapacious railroad
   monopolies. Perhaps it was, for a while, but in the end it drove them
   into bankruptcy. Meanwhile, local, state and federal legislators set
   up baby ICCs left and right on the assumption that highways,
   pipelines, phone wires and power grids all required much the same
   handling as railway track. In track-like industries, monopolies were
   natural. Competition was wasteful. Commissions were smart enough to
   run things better.
   Most of the people who believed such things died years ago, but the
   government pyramids they built have endured. A great decommissioning
   of economic life in America is now under way. The job is almost
   finished for airlines and trucks. It's inching ahead in the
   communications arena. Electricity is just getting started. We'll find
   out in due course whether Newt Gingrich and Bob Dole can deregulate as
   boldly as Ted Kennedy and Jimmy Carter, who kicked off serious
   economic deregulation in the 1970s.
   As the Kennedy/Carter legacy confirms, the impetus for change isn't
   hatred of government. Nor can the decommissioning of America be blamed
   on right-wing capitulation to big business. We've just learned the
   hard lessons of commissariat collectivism, in much the same way as the
   Hungarians and the Czechs.
   Consumers end-run the regulators. Fed up with prices that force them
   to subsidize residential consumers, factories and hospitals cogenerate
   electricity in their heating plants. They install "private branch"
   telephone exchanges that displace about one-third of the phone service
   they'd otherwise buy from the local phone company. Landlords set up
   rooftop satellite dishes on apartment buildings and sell "private
   cable" service to tenants. When you mow your own lawn, regulators get
   trimmed too: There's no income tax for them to collect, no maternity
   leave to grant, no minimum wage to enforce.
   Technology outwits the regulators. Hub-and-spoke routing and
   yield-maximizing pricing schemes concocted on supercomputers that
   shattered the old Civil Aeronautics Board's point-to-point vision of
   how air travel should operate, and at what price. The FCC's vision of
   "local" broadcasting provided by a few, community-based stations
   collapsed when Ted Turner began bouncing his UHF station off a
   satellite and back down to cable systems nationwide. And billions of
   dollars of commission-prescribed prices will soon have to be
   rejiggered because smart-aleck programmers have worked out how to
   transmit two-way voice conversations live over the Internet. The
   commission's policy is to price voice connections about $ 4 an hour
   higher than "date," but digital technology obliterates the
   distinction.
   Regulators are cannibals. As commissions proliferate, they undercut
   each other. Long distance phone companies and "access providers" like
   Teleport expand under lenient federal control -- at the expense of
   local phone companies kept on a tighter leash by state commissions.
   Wireless phone service has been almost completely deregulated by its
   federal regulators, so it grows far faster than service by way of
   telephone pole, which remains heavily regulated under the price
   regulation maintained by one bureau of the FCC. Direct broadcast
   satellite, cable's competitor, is booming under the hands-off watch of
   another bureau of the same federal commission.
   Regulators invest badly. They direct utilities to put billions in
   overpriced power plants, inefficient wires and extravagant service out
   to the very last ranch at the end of nowhere. Cost is no object; it
   just gets dumped in the "rate base." Competition, when it arrives, is
   devastating, just as the fall of the Berlin wall was devastating to
   the factories that built Trabants.
   In these times of radical technological change, utility monopolies are
   as unstable as politburos. Many of the old-guard enterprises may still
   grow and prosper, but only if they learn to sell to a whole new class
   of buyers. Consumers, not commissars.
   Copyright 1995 by Peter Huber. Electronic copies of this document may
   be distributed freely, provided that this notice accompanies all
   copies.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-10-31 19:21:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Internet World Boston 
David Fox has me on a panel discussion he's leading tomorrow (November 1)
at Internet World in Boston in the Harborview Ballroom from 10:15 to 12:30.
Also on the panel will be someone each from First Virtual, Open Market, and
CheckFree, all of whom will be demo-ing their latest stuff. This promises
to be interesting, and it would also be a great opportunity for me to
actually meet some people I only read in e-mail.
If you're around, I hope to see you there!
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-05 20:08:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: 24 Hours 
e$: 24 Hours
Yesterday, I had probably the most amazing day I've had in a very
long time. As the day revolved around e$, strong crypto, cryptoanarchy,
Macs and the life on the internet, I thought I would share it with you.
     Got up before the alarm. Carol, my wife, dropped me off at the gym,
     where I hadn't set foot in about 6 months. Started up yet another
     new exercise program. Did a lot of big muscle stuff, like squats
     and deadlifts -- now I can't climb stairs so well for a while. Shaved
     off yet another unfinished goatee (3rd time in 6 weeks) because I
     had to be presentable in public today.
     Showed up at the speaker's desk at Infoworld Boston, got
     credentialled and went to find David Fox's session on transaction
     methods. Had some time before, so I ran down to the floor and
     weaseled an Apple Internet guy named Tom Bartlett into shooting a
     picture of me with a QuickTake so that Vinnie Moscaritolo, another
     friend at Apple, wouldn't have a picture of him holding a scrawled
     sign saying "Bob: send me a GIF for this!" on the e$ web-page he's
     building for me at  . I
     had Tom e-mail the GIF to me from the floor, and ran back to
     the session, with 5 minutes to spare.
     The session got about 300 attendees, who listened to presentations
     from Pierre from First Virtual, Cliff from Open Market and Mike
     from Checkfree, and then I got to talk a bit.
     I had never spoken to a convention before, and here I was batting
     cleanup after all the pros pitched their stuff. David Fox introduced
     me as a "Wild Card", and I did my best to help him out. We were running
     late, but after asking them to get up and stretch after sitting
     through 2 hours of dog-and-pony, I asked the audience how many
     people people were from Boston, and told them about The Boston
     Society for Digital Commerce and when the meeting was. I then asked
     them how many of them had ever sold a car, and then asked them whether
     they took MasterCard from the buyer, and got a nice laugh.
     I told them that I thought that digital commerce *was* financial
     cryptography, and that most people settling trades on the net were
     just figuring that out. I told them to go out and buy Applied
     Cryptography by Schneier, and Out of Control by Kelley. I told them
     about the difference between certificate-based and book-entry
     transaction systems. I told them about Tim May's idea of
     Crypto-Anarchy, and about the Cypherpunks.
     Finally I asked them to imagine a world where instead of needing to
     enforce copyrights and patents, a developer's code would simply
     refuse to run periodically without a digital receipt saying that
     some specified amount had been paid, to the developer, preferrably
     in cash. I told them about Digicash, Mark Twain Bank, and about
     how important that was, even if it was a bumpy first start.
     At question-and-answer time, a guy from Germany asked us about the
     ITARs, regulatory restrictions on international transactions, and
     deutchmark-denominated business. All of the other presenters allowed
     that while that was hard, they had patches or were working on it, and
     that regulations were a problem. I talked about Eric Hughes' idea
     of regulatory arbitrage, how John Gilmore said that the internet saw
     censorship, and by extension arbitrary regulation, as damage, and
     routed around it, and I said that the folks at Mark Twain and
     Digicash had seen this as a problem and set up their system to be
     denominated in one of 5 currencies, including marks.
     I picked up about 10 cards from people who wanted to come to lunch at
     the Boston Society for Digital Commerce. (Plug: The first Tuesday of
     the month at the downtown Harvard Club. This month's speaker is Win Treese
     from Open Market, on how to design systems for digital commerce. E-mail
     me for details.)
     In addition, I saw BSDC member Dave Lash, a real-estate mogul turned
     web-fanatic who told me how to clean up my presentation style for next
     time.
     After schmoozing, and trying to find a bank to cash a check. I met
     David Fox and his web guy (forgot your name, sorry) on the trade
     floor in front of the Netscape booth, which was about 20% the size
     of the IBM booth, and was blocking the aisles so much that the fire
     marshall was giving them grief for it.
     We then went to see Jim Phillips at Security First Network Bank.
     SFNB is in Atlanta, and while the likes of Citicorp and Chase were
     putting together proprietary, dial-up, bank-by-phone systems, Jim
     went ahead and did his stuff on the web for some rediculous fraction
     of their costs. They were the only bank there. They had this tiny
     booth way back in the corner, and they were also a fire marshall
     problem. Jim was talking to a guy from California somewhere about
     setting up an account right then and there.
     I told Jim to expect a visit from my anonymous digital signature
     law source "Irwin" , (for Irwin Cory, The World's Foremost
     Authority, RIP), who had asked me earlier in the week about SFNB,
     and how to get ahold of them.
     Then, David, who was the original Aldus and Radius distributor in
     Australia before moving here a few years ago, went around lining up
     sponsors for his WWW pre-tradeshow tradeshow which in turn evolved
     out of his tradeshow directory business.
     While we walked around, I talked to David some more about e$pam, my
     idea for building a group of three e$-mail lists (a filtered list of
     other e$-ralated sources, an unmoderated "watering hole", and a
     newsletter), and we agreed to talk more about it on Friday sometime.
3:00 Cashed a check from my first-ever writing sale, a longish rant
     entitled "The Geodesic Network, OpenDoc, and CyberDog", which
     originally was posted to apple-internet-users, was cross-posted by
     bunches of other people in the Mac world to other e-mail lists all
     over the place, got me fan mail from the likes of Kawasaki, Alsop,
     Petreley, and various Apple Vice Presidents, and was even cited in a
     New Zealand law journal. An editor from InfoWorld bashed it from
     a 20kb rant down to a feature article of about 1300 words, and it
     will appear this Monday in the November 6th issue.
4:00 Went to see a client, who is the CFO for a famous, er, beauty salon,
     with about 50 salons world wide. I sort of core-dumped at him about
     how someday he could send his e-mail his cash to the home office in
     London every night. He's seen me like this before, so he didn't
     quite think I was from Mars...
5:45 As a lurker on the internet-marketing list, I got invited to a
     party at Bob Metcalfe's 5-story Back Bay townhouse. I had recruited
     Julie Rackliffe, a friend of mine in "Development" at the Computer Museum,
     to come along so I would know at least one person there. When I got
     there, I saw Dave Lash again. Small world.
     Besides the usual groceries, Bob had a big bunch of posterboard on a
     on his dining room table, and another piece of posterboard on his
     fireplace mantle. There were a bunch of questions on the table's poster,
     and one was about winners and loosers. I said that digital
     financial certificate underwriters would be the winners, and that
     loosers would be companies which depended on large information
     hierarchies. There was a question about anonymity, and I quoted
     Gilmore on network damage again.  On the fireplace mantle was this
     posterboard with an org chart with business-card sized blank boxes
     all over it. One side of the pyramid said "Client", the other side
     said "Server", and so I drew a big cloud off to the side with the
     label "Crypto-Anarchist" in it, and put my card there. A few people
     moved their cards into the cloud. I was rather pleased with myself...
     I went upstairs where I met John Levine, who was in the PBS internet
     special last year, and Margy Levine Young, who wrote "The Internet for
     Windows for Dummies Starter Kit" in a room with a Windows box, a bonded
     ISDN connection and a wall projector. I showed a few people the e$
     web-page, met the author of the refrigerator magnets page, and found
     out the John and Margy were fellow Unitarians, and that Margy's husband
     is the UU webmaster. We're everywhere, we're everywhere.
     I went up to the third floor, where by that time they were serving
     coffee and dessert, and Bob Metcalfe was there reccommending desserts
     to people. By that time I was talking to a trust officer at a very
     large institutional trustee bank here in Boston about how to
     underwrite digital cash. This guy was sympathetic because what he
     really wanted to do was chuck it all and go to work for Open Market. I
     told him that the next best thing was to let me come in and evangelize
     his bank a bit. He agreed. Dubiously. Anyway, He wants to come to
     lunch at BSDC, probably to schmooze the Open Market folks.  So while
     I was standing there waiting for coffee, I told Metcalfe about
     getting a feature article into his magazine.  One thing led to
     another, and the next thing I know, we're up another flight of
     stairs, and I'm dumping core again, this time about 10 steps from
     ARP-1, the original ARPANet transponder.  Oh. Metcalfe uses a Mac,
     even though his internet feed is to a Wintel box.
     Metcalfe first starts off with a few coy questions about Phiber
     Optik, and Phil Zimmerman, and he figures out that my interest in
     cryptography is pretty much in its financial implications. So, for the
     better part of half an hour, he's quizzing me about stuff like
     digital cash, digital certificates and financial disintermediation,
     and pretty much the whole geodesic market rant.  He says he likes
     "Mr., Doctor, Doctor, Huber's" stuff, a reference to Huber's
     hypercredentialed resume.  He talked about these crazy people who
     were creating a secondary market in Digicash's beta certificates,
     so I told him about Lucky Green, Rich Lethin and how all of us
     created ecm.
     I told Metcalfe about reputation capital, and, when he talked about
     the evils of anonymity, I talk about how on the net, a key pair *is* your
     identity, and about Tim May's cryptoanarchy stuff.  I told him about
     BSDC and asked about him speaking sometime, but he says he's working
     on a conference and a book, and his wife will kill him if he starts
     making speeches again.  He wanted on the BSDC list, though, so I'm
     going to subscribe him and see what happens. I also said I'd mail him
     the e$ URL.
     I get home and after telling Carol all about my day, I still can't
     sleep, so I jump on the net and filter cypherpunks for buyinfo, and
     then answer some mail from my college roomate, who found me last
     week.  He's a commander in the Navy who's now flying planes at
     McMurdo Sound in Antarctica.  I shot him back a message and told him
     about the e$ web-page, which he's going to have to sneak into another
     office to look at some other night, ;-), and I told him that I was
     writing this and would send it to him when I was through.
     I still wasn't sleepy, so I plinked on the development version of the
     e$ page with the new picture, and when I was done with that, I read
     news, and, in reply to a comment I posted on soc.culture.alaska (I
     spent middle school in Anchorage), I get a reply from Mr. Pickett, my
     7th and 8th grade science teacher, and my favorite science teacher on
     the whole planet.  Since I had just put a picture on my web-page, I
     put the development page's URL on the message so he could see what I
     looked like now.
     I finally go to sleep.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-03 08:07:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: 24 Hours 
^^^^^^^^^Internet World Boston
Ack. Spam the planet and then typo the first paragraph.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-06 00:46:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: 24 Hours 
I have no idea how this got sent out twice.
However it happened, I apologize.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-06 06:39:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: The Movie 
Announcing
                             e$: The Movie
Almost a year ago, I noticed that traffic was tapering off on one of
the digital commerce e-mail lists I'm subscribed to, www-buyinfo, which
is run by Dave Kristol at ATT. So, every once in a while, I started
zinging relevant crossposts over there from cypherpunks, a famous
crypto list with about 20-25% e$ content.
I started getting actual fan mail for this, so I kept doing it. Now, it
seems that, say, 85% of all of the traffic on www-buyinfo is my
cross-posting from cypherpunks. Dave says there are 500-600 people
worldwide who have stayed on www-buyinfo during all this time, so it
seems like I can claim at least some of them as an audience for what
I'm doing, with no promotion of the list at all, except word of mouth.
We've even had several discussions on the list about whether I should
continue doing it, and every time we've done so, the answer has been a
resounding "yes".  However, www-buyinfo does have a charter, and even
though what I'm doing drifts the charter substantially, I'm restricted
in what I can put there.  It's not fair to Dave or the subscribers for
me to turn their list into my private spam channel. Also, Dave
has said repeatedly that he's interested in re-tooling www-buyinfo
into something more technical, so, at some point, the party's going
to be over, and we'll have to pack up our tents and move on.
Meanwhile, I've also taken to writing on the net, and more recently,
speaking to professional groups, on the topic of e$, and I have gotten
very good response to that as well. An edited version of one of my
longer net.rants is in this week's InfoWorld, for instance. That one
got me fan mail from all sorts of people (like Guy Kawasaki, Stewart
Alsop, and Adam Engst, for instance) when the original version appeared
first in the apple-internet-users list a while back.
I've managed to have a lot of fun with this stuff. One of my
suggestions on cypherpunks started ecm, the secondary market for
Digicash's beta-test digital cash certificates. I had so much fun
talking about digital commerce with Peter Cassidy, a freelance writer
for Forbes ASAP, Wired, and the Economist, that the two of us started
the Boston Society for Digital Commerce, a luncheon group that meets
once a month to talk about this stuff. BSDC has about 40 members now,
and our second meeting is on Tuesday.
So, I've decided I'd jump into this with both feet.  A friend of mine at
Apple Computer, Vinnie Moscaritolo, has volunteered his time to put up
a web site about e$. It's pretty much live, though still under
construction, at its temporary home of
 .
Vinnie is now in the process of hooking up a small stand-alone machine,
to live somewhere else on the net besides in Apple's domain, which will
house this web-site along with three mailing lists, all of which will
be archived and eventually web-searchable. Over the next few weeks,
we'll be starting up these lists and announcing them here. They are:
* _e$_: A discussion list on digital commerce and financial cryptography
and their consequences.  This list will be for people who have a strong
understanding of markets of all kinds, who understand the consequences
of strong cryptography and digital certificate technology on public
networks, and who want to make money in this environment. We welcome
Entrepreneurs, Analysts, Cryptographers (Amateur and Otherwise), Free
Marketeers, small-"l" libertarians, and, even (horrors!) a
crypto-anarchist or two.
* _e$pam_:  My personal spam-channel to the universe. ;-). Pretty much
what I do now with www-buyinfo from cypherpunks, only with all the
net.sources I can find. It will have the same content touchstone as e$
will, but it will consist entirely of filtered information from
secondary sources. In other words, it won't say "e$spam" until I say it
says "e$spam".  At some point, e$spam will have filter-fodder in it --
or some other method will be set up -- so that people who are already
subscribed to one of the lists I'm filtering won't have to see things
twice. We're still working on that.
* _Ne$ws_, a newsletter with original content from myself and various
other authors, in the same vein as Adam Engst's TidBITS, but focused on
the subject of e$.
I figure that there are enough different ways to pay for both my time
and the resources necessary to make this work that it's now worth
spending a little of my own time and resources in order to get all this
started. Certainly the market for information and commentary on e$
isn't getting any smaller.
I'm looking at a sort of "creep, crawl, walk, run" scenario for funding
all of this. The first stage will be to solicit sponsorships, both
in-kind and in plain old money. The second will probably be to
determine whether subscriptions to any or all of the e$ lists or
archives would ever make sense. Finally, with the advent of real
digital cash on the net, and with First Virtual proving e$ trades can
be done by anyone, it may be possible to do some kind of e$
micropayment-as-you-go system for things like subscriptions,
web-archive access, and the like, so I'm looking at that also.
Obviously, I'm don't want to price myself out of the market with all of
this, because, like anything else on the net, anyone can come along and
do exactly the same thing for less money, and then I'm out of business.
I do think, however, that what I propose to do is worth money to the
people who want it, and so I'm going to figure out how to get paid to
do it.
Well, that's about it.  Watch this space for details, and wish me luck!
Bob Hettinga,
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-08 06:48:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Sign my own certificates? 
You forgot about the sperm sample. I wouldn't necessarily consider that
pain, though...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-08 06:43:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) CIS TALK THIS THURSDAY, Nov 9th 4 p.m. in 518 
Sorry about the forward, but you'll see why in a sec...
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: bounce-bsdc
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: theory-seminars-request
**Seminar of interest!!
CIS Seminar:    Thursday, Nov. 9th
Place:          NE43-518
Refreshments:   4:00 p.m.
Talk:           4:15 p.m.
Title:          Electronic Cash
Author:         Stefan Brands from CWI
        Two approaches for electronic payments prevail; one focusses
on the secure transmission of creditcard numbers and is account-based,
while the other is token-based and tries to mimic the way coins or
cheques are traded. The first approach can be realized using
elementary cryptographic techniques, but offers at best anonymity of
payments against merchants and requires on-line payment verification.
On-line payment verification can be expensive and become the
bottleneck of a large-scale implementation.
The second approach, electronic cash, can offer full anonimity of
payments, but requires fairly complex cryptographic techniques in
order to guarantee security. Pioneering work in this area has been
done by David Chaum. Unfortunately, his techniques are practical only
for on-line electronic payments and hence less appropriate for
large-scale implementation.
In my presentation I will discuss the design of practical electronic
cash systems that have off-line payment ability.
Further information can be found on: Host: Ronald Rivest
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-11 09:47:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CFP: CARDIS 1996 
Found this in sci.crypt.research.
Notice the name at the top of the program committee...
Bob Hettinga
                         First Call For Papers
                              CARDIS 1996
    SECOND SMART CARD RESEARCH AND ADVANCED APPLICATION CONFERENCE
            September 18-20, 1996, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
AIMS AND GOALS
Smart cards or IC cards offer a huge potential for information
processing purposes. The portability and processing power of IC cards
allow for highly secure conditional access and reliable distributed
information systems. IC cards are already available that can perform
highly sophisticated cryptographic computations. The applicability of
IC cards is currently limited mainly by our imagination; the
information processing power that can be gained by using IC cards
remains as yet mostly untapped and is not well understood. Here lies a
vast uncovered research area which we are only beginning to assess, and
which will have great impact on the eventual success of the technology.
The research challenges range from electrical engineering on the
hardware side to tailor-made cryptographic applications on the software
side, and their synergies.
Many currently existing events are mainly devoted to commercial and
application aspects of IC cards. In contrast, the CARDIS conferences
aim to bring together researchers who are active in all aspects of
design of IC cards and related devices and environment, such as to
stimulate synergy between different research communities and to offer a
platform for presenting the latest research advances. CARDIS 1994,
sponsored by the International Federation for Information Processing
(IFIP) and held in November 1994 in Lille, France, has successfully
brought together representatives from leading IC research centers from
all over the world. CARDIS 1996 will be the second occasion for the IC
card community in this permanent activity. CARDIS 1996 will be
organised jointly by the Centre for Mathematics and Computer Science at
Amsterdam (CWI) and the Department of Computer Systems of the
University of Amsterdam (UvA).
Submissions will be judged on relevance, originality, significance,
correctness, and clarity. Each paper should explain its contribution in
both general and technical terms, identifying what has been
accomplished, saying why it is significant, and comparing it with
previous work. Authors should make every effort to make the technical
content of their papers understandable to a broad audience. Papers
should be written in English.
Authors should submit:
* 16 copies
* of a full paper
* typeset using the Springer LNCS format (see instructions below)
* not exceeding 20 pages in length
* printed double-sided if possible
* addressed to
  Pieter H. Hartel
  Univ. of Amsterdam
  Dept. of Computer Systems
  Kruislaan 403
  1098 SJ Amsterdam
  The Netherlands
In addition, each submission should be accompanied by information
submitted via WWW, ( or
submitted via email to cardis that consists of:
* a single postal address and electronic mail address for
  communication
* complete title, author and affiliation information
* the abstract of the paper
* a small selection of the keywords that appear on this call for
  papers, which best describe the contribution of the paper
Proceedings will be available at the conference. It is intended to
publish the proceedings in the Springer LNCS series. Authors of
accepted papers may be expected to sign a copyright release form.
IMPORTANT DATES
  Submission deadline           March 1, 1996
  Acceptance notification       May 15,  1996
  Camera ready paper due        July 1,  1996
  Conference                    September 18--20 1996
    Technology/hardware
 1    IC architecture and techniques
 2    Memories and processor design
 3    Read/Write unit engineering
 4    Specific co-processors for cryptography
 5    Biometry
 6    Communication technologies
 7    Interfaces with the user, the service suppliers
 8    Reliability and fault tolerance
 9    Special devices
10    Standards
    Software
11    The operating system
12    Models of data management
13    Communication protocols
    IC Card design
14    Tools for internal or external software production
15    Validation and verification
16    Methodology for application design
    Electronic payment systems
17    Road pricing
18    Internet payment systems
19    Untraceability
    Algorithms
20    Formal specification and validation
21    Identification
22    Authentication
23    Cryptographic protocols for IC cards
24    Complexity
    Security
25    Models and schemes of security
26    Security interfaces
27    Hardware and software implementation
28    Security of information systems including cards
29    Formal verification of transaction sets
30    Protocol verification
    IC Cards, individuals and the society
31    IC cards and privacy
32    Owner access of data
33    IC cards: political and economical aspects
34    Is the IC card going to change legislation?
35    Patents, copyrights
    Future of ic cards
36    Innovative technologies
37    Moving towards the pocket intelligence
38    Convergence with portable PCs, lap tops etc ...
39    PCMCIA
    Innovative applications
40    Design methodology of applications
41    IC cards and the information system
42    Examples of new applications
43    Requirements for innovative cards
    Standards
44    Emerging standards
45    Compliance and approval
Steering committee chairman:
  Vincent Cordonnier (Rd2p, Lille)
Local organisation:
  Pieter Hartel (Southampton, UK and UvA, The Netherlands)
  Stefan Brands (CWI, The Netherlands)
  Eduard de Jong (QC consultancy, The Netherlands)
General Chairman:
  Pieter Hartel (Southampton, UK and UvA, The Netherlands)
Program Chairmen:
  Pierre Paradinas (Rd2p, Lille)
  Jean-Jacques Quisquater  (Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium)
Program committee
  Stefan Brands (CWI, Amsterdam)
  Andr\'e Gamache (Qu\'ebec, Canada)
  Louis Guillou (CCETT, France)
  Josep Domingo Ferrer (Tarragon, Spain)
  Pieter Hartel (Southampton, UK and UvA, The Netherlands)
  Hans-Joachim Knobloch (Karlsruhe, Germany)
  Pierre Paradinas (Rd2p, France)
  Reinhard Posch (Graz, Austria)
  Jean-Jacques Quisquater  (Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium)
  Matt Robshaw (RSA, inc, USA)
  Bruno Struif (GMD, Germany)
  Doug Tygar (Carnegie-Mellon, USA)
LECTURE NOTES IN COMPUTER SCIENCE
Advice to Authors for the Preparation of Camera-Ready Contributions to
LNCS/LNAI Proceedings
The preparation of manuscripts which are to be reproduced by
photo-offset requires special care. Manuscripts which are submitted in
technically unsuitable form will be returned for retyping or cancelled
if the volume otherwise cannot be finished on time. In order to make
the volume look as uniform as possible the following instructions
should be followed closely.
* PRINTING AREA:
Using 10-point font size for the main text the printing area should be
12.2 x 19.3 cm. Manuscripts prepared in this preferred format are
reproduced in the same size in the book. With these settings, the
interline distance should be arranged in such a way that some 42 to 45
lines occur on a full-text page.
* TYPEFACE and SIZE:
We recommend the use of Times or one of the similar typefaces widely
used in phototypesetting. (In Times and similar typefaces the letters
have serifs, i.e., short endstrokes at the head and the foot of
letters.) Please do not use a sans-serif typeface for running text,
except for computer programs.
The text should always be justified to occupy the full line width, so
that the right margin is not ragged. For normal text please use
10-point type size and one-line spacing. Small print (abstract and
affiliation) should be set in 9-point type size. Please use italic
print to emphasize words in running text; bold type in running text
and underlining should be avoided.
Headings should be capitalized (i.e., nouns, verbs and all other words
with at least five letters should have a capital initial) and should,
with the exception of the title, be aligned to the left. The font
sizes are as follows:
Heading level      Example Font          size and style
Title (centered)     Type Theory           14 point, bold
1st-level heading    1 Introduction        12 point, bold
2nd-level heading  2.1 Simple Connections  10 point, bold
3rd-level heading    Typing Rules.         10 point, bold
4th-level heading  Remarks: (text follows) 10 point,italic
* FIGURES:
If possible, originals should be pasted into the manuscript and
centered between the margins; if no originals of the required size are
available, figures may be reduced in scale and pasted into the text.
For halftone figures (photos), please forward high-contrast glossy
prints and mark the space in the text as well as the back of the
photographs clearly, so that there can be no doubt about where or
which way up they should be placed. The lettering of figures should be
in 10-point font size. Figures should be numbered. The legends also
should be centered between the margins and be written in 9-point font
size as follows:
(bold) Fig. 3. (text follows)
* PAGE NUMBERING:
Your paper should show no printed page numbers; they are decided by
the volume editor and finally inserted by the printer. Please indicate
the ordering of your pages by numbering the sheets (using a light
blue/green pencil) at the bottom of the reverse side. There also
should be no running heads.
* PRINTING QUALITY:
For reproduction we need sheets which are printed on one side only.
Please use a high-resolution printer, preferably a laser printer with
at least 300 dpi or higher resolution if possible. It is desirable
that on all pages the text appears in the middle of the sheets.
* REMARK 1:
If your typesetting system does not offer the variety of font sizes
needed for the preparation of your manuscript according to these
instructions, you may choose a different (larger) font size and a
correspondingly scaled printing area (12-point font size for the
running text, for example, corresponds to a printing area of 15.3 x
24.2 cm and to a final reduction rate of 80%).
* REMARK 2:
You are encouraged to use LaTeX or TeX for the preparation of you
camera-ready manuscript together with the corresponding Springer style
files "llncs" (for LaTeX) or "plncs" (for TeX) to be obtained by
e-mail or by ftp/gopher as follows:
Mailserver: Send an e-mail message to
   svserv  containing the line
   get /tex/latex/llncs.zip  for the LaTeX syle files or
   get /tex/plain/plncs.zip  for the TeX style files.
Sending "help" to the server prompts advice on how to interact with
the mail server. The style files have to be unzipped and uu-decoded
for use. In case of problems in getting or uu-decoding the style files
please contact "springer vax.ntp.springer.de".
Ftp: The internet address is "trick.ntp.springer.de", the user id
"ftp" or "anonymous". Please enter your e-mail address as password.
The (above mentioned) files reside in "/pub/tex/latex/llncs".
Gopher: Point your client to "trick.ntp.springer.de".
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 323-7923
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-14 18:54:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Who needs time vaults anyway? 
In the real world, there's a trustee/nominee of some sort who does this.
What's that to keep that from happening on the net, just like our much
maligned (guy's gotta make a living, fer chrissake!) assassination-payoff
escrow agent...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
Shipwright Development Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131
USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-13 10:26:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DejaNews all over again 
Except for his esteemed "credentials", of course...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-13 21:59:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Digital Signature Patent 
For those as get Info Week...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
for your information...

@_date: 1995-11-17 16:03:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Financial Cryptography for Dogs, pt. 2.  OpenDoc Kitchen, anyone? 
As a result of my temporary notoriety as OpenDoc Futurist(tm) ;-), I've
heard about something called an OpenDoc Kitchen, which is a periodic hack
fest put on by Apple for developers of OpenDoc parts where code is actually
My understanding is that this will be held at Apple, in Cupertino, in early
They are especially interested in anyone from Digicash who would like to
make a digital cash OpenDoc component for Cyberdog, because I've been
ranting to them about this picture in my head of someone dragging digital
cash icons onto a register icon in a web browser to pay for a purchase.  I
expect that *any* digital cash part, even some kind of bashing of the
current Mac ecash client into an OpenDoc part, would be cool by them as a
first start.
In addition, it seems to me that we may be close enough with MacPGP 3.0 to
play with it at the component level, but maybe not...
If you're interested, e-mail me, and I'll put you in touch with the right
people.  Now, the invitations have already been sent and RSVP'd on this, so
we'd be coming in through the back door. Obviously, we're looking to put
the best foot forward, as they are just about to the point of believing my
mantra of "digital commerce *is* financial cryptography".
I'm hoping to go, if there's something to do. I couldn't code my way out of
a paper bag, but like the immortal Chauncey Gardener, "I like to watch."
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-16 02:15:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: "A Middleware Guy Looks at Issues in Digital Commerce" 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                               Rich Salz
                        Open Software Foundation
           "A Middleware Guy Looks at Issues in Digital Commerce"
                        Tuesday, December 5, 1995
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Rich has been with OSF for nearly four years, where he has been
the technical lead of the OSF DCE 1.1 and 1.2 releases.  He is
also helping write the secure multi-threaded WWW server for the
DCE-Web project.  He has been active in Usenet, and is the author
of INN, one of the most popular Usenet/NNTP implementations.
His home page is Rich says:
This meeting of the Boston Society for Digital Commerce will be held on
Tuesday, December 5, 1995 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by Saturday,
December 2 (that's two weeks from this Saturday), or you won't be on the list
for lunch. Checks payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will
have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, c/o The Shipwright Development
Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they
must be made payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with a few glacial A/P departments ourselves, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
January's speaker will be Art Hutchinson of Northeast Consulting Resources,
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the BSDC Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Boston Society for Digital Commerce, send
"info bsdc" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the BSDC e-mail list, send "subscribe bsdc" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Bob Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-16 06:22:22
@_author: Robert A. Hettinga (by way of rah@shipwright.com (RobertHettinga 
@_subject: Size of the internet economy? 
Lately, I heard (somewhere) that $250 million changed hands directly on
the net in 1994, mostly credit cards.
Is this a real number? Where did it come from? What are estimates for 1995?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga 44 Farquhar Street
Boston 02131
"Reality is not Optional" -- Thomas Sowell

@_date: 1995-11-16 22:30:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Come aaaannnndddd Get it! 
I'm in the process of scrambling to get the e$ web page set up for e-cash
before the deadline for *no-fee* *commercial* accounts at Mark Twain Bank
this Friday, and who should answer the mail but fellow cypherpunk Lucky
So, Lucky tells me that *he's* the guy who beat up Chaum/MTB and Co. to
prime the pump for web-vendors by offering *free* signup for e-cash
accounts.  Muchos Kudos to Lucky for making that happen.
Sameer's done it, I'm going to do it, and I'm hoping that everyone who
*can* do it *will*.
Lumpy though MTB may be, they're taking a risk that no one else in the
financial community would, and they deserve whatever support we can give
If they do it and it works, there will be others. Come on, people, let's
make it work.
Put your e$ where your mouth is, or at least on a hard drive somewhere...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-16 20:29:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Come aaaannnndddd Get it! 
Ahhh. Next year in Jeresalem...
Tell me, are you actually selling something on the net yet? How many
customers do you have?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-16 23:48:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Financial Cryptography for Dogs, pt. 2.  OpenDoc Kitchen, anyone? 
The one I'm talking about *is* in fact in December, folks,
Please contact me if you want to come, folks!
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-17 08:58:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Mandarins, Lifers, and Talents 
Fine, Tim. Vent away. In a minor key, even.
It's a damn good argument, which I'll get to in a minute. It was just done
rudely, and for that I apologise to the list.
What I got was a reactionary flame which had nothing to do with the
(admittedly flag-waving) post I put up, which I should have ignored, but
instead I responded with a reactionary flame of my own, which got me a
reactionary flame from a Senior Member of the List, one with Maximum
Reputation... It has been ever thus, for those of you who've been around
here since I showed up a year ago last April. I just can't seem to color
inside the lines, as far as Dr. May is concerned.
I believe that was my point, Tim. You're *not* selling anything. I was
sending a message to people out there who *are*. People who are, or are
going to, use non-certificate payment methods, like credit cards, and who,
if they're subscribed to this list, should be clueful enough to do this and
know why they should do it. Besides that, it's free. Until Friday. ;-).
Nope. But if people completely ignored the Wright Brothers, would Curtiss
have entered the market? (An interesting example, as the Wrights sued
Curtiss for patent enfringement and lost, I think.)
I am talking about real shops. With real customers. I bet you haven't even
looked at the list of shops yet. What I'm planning to do is to offer
subscriptions and sponsorships of the e$ lists we're putting up on an ecash
server. Putting my money where my mouth is. Literally.
This is a straw man, Tim. Actually, it's post hoc. "If we had some ham, we
could have some ham and eggs, if we had some eggs." or, "If we lived here,
we'd be home now." Feh. You can do better than that. I've seen you do it.
But, to answer your nonexistant point, yes, people *are* starting to sell
things on the net. We know that the best way to do that in the long run is
with cash, and with other digital bearer certificate technologies. Not just
because these methods are secure. Not because they allow anonymity. They're
just starting to, and when they've been accepted in the market, they will
be nothing else but. All we need is a scenario where the digital cash
underwriter relies upon the ATM system for validation of identity, and the
second an anonymous bank account uses the underwriter, we have totally
anonymous digital cash. We're very close here.
Yes. it was rude. I apologise both to the list, to Dr. May, and to (soon to
be Dr.) Mr. Smith. Mostly for stopping discussion with a thinly veiled
Which brings me to my real point, here. Why I used an informal fallacy of
my own, and lashed out with an ad hominem attack against someone with an
.edu domain on their e-mail address, after they dissed something I think is
a good idea, at least for a start.
So, why did I do this? I didn't understand it at the time, but it's
probably class warfare. :-).
I just heard something on an NPR(!) talkshow with a guy talking about his
book about the three power group of american culture. It used to be what he
called the "episcopacy", the Groton-Harvard-State Department types who
ruled both government and the guts of American business until say, the
depression and World War II.  These people were there primarily there
because their families were there. They were "the nice people of Boston"
that Rose Kennedy had so many problems with. In 1953, say, it may interest
you to know, that the standardized test scores for Harvard were the same as
those for the population at large. George Bush was one of these, but so was
Nowadays, this guy says, (I can't remember who he is, but he wrote a book
about it, so we'll find out soon enough), we have *three* power elites in
this country.
The first class is the class he called the "mandarins". These people have
inherited most of the trappings, and titles, of the old episcopacy. These
are people who tested well, who were typically plucked from obscurity to go
to the best schools, and go on to places like Harvard, where the scores are
now way above average, and is now pretty much pure meritocracy as far as
admission is concerned, political correctness aside. Mandarins go on to get
advanced degrees. Camille Paglia, Milton Friedman, Carl Sagan, Billary
Clinton are all mandarins.  This is good. The best and the brightest get
the best educations. They're also the people who start things like the Viet
Nam war, and the welfare state.
The second class are the "lifers". These people who go to state schools,
get uninspired grades, and spend their working lives in the same
institution. Colin Powell, most Fortune 500 CEOS circa 1983, Lyndon Johnson
and Bob Dole are lifers.
The third class are "talents". Newt, and Edison, and most computer or
internet entrepreneurs are talents, especially if they have no formal
computer science training except what they taught themselves.
Like any set of categories, nobody is exclusively one class or another,
except that credentialism has allowed mandarins to capture the cultural
flag for the time being. Einstein and Whit Diffie are talents who got
mandarin credentials. Richard Stallman is a talent who will probably get
mandarin credentials posthumously.;-). Bill Gates is a proto-mandarin who
figured out he was a talent. Sloan was a talent with mandarin credentials
who created a whole industry full of lifers.
Pioneers tend to be talents, Tim.  They tend to talk in generalities, and
not color between the lines. They tend to make up rules as they go along,
and sometimes, like Mr. Bill, they create rules the rest of us have to
follow whether we want to or not.
One of my messier theories about the internet is that it was invented by
mandarins. Now the talents, the people you call pioneers, have moved in,
and they're much more pragmatic, and have little patience for crystalline
perfection, because inefficiency and chaos is where they find beauty, joy,
and all those other nasty imprecise concepts. When thing settle down a bit,
the lifers will come.  They're trying to do it now, by building sites like
 or buying into sites like Even though you're an iconoclast, Tim, I couldn't help but think of you and
the proto-Dr. Smith as mandarins when I got you're response to my post. I
was trying to shout over your heads to all the talents out there trying to
make money on the net.
Even though you may think of yourself as a mountain man -- or maybe a
cowboy -- watching the settlers come, I feel more like I've upset the
decorum by hollering in the faculty tea room. Having embarrassed myself
that way, I'll try not to do it again. Because, oddly enough, we need each
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-17 13:11:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Mandarins, Lifers, and Talents 
Tim, you can't tell me that there weren't people who were just plain fired
up about the prospects for any really serious technology. Where are you
living, the Gernsbeck Continuum? Tim, those "cheerleaders" are the ones who
either get fired up to do something themselves, or if they can't, they get
people either fired up to buy stuff, or fired up to build stuff. Howard
Hughes was one. Hell, the Wright brothers were. So are you, Tim, only your
passion is strong crypto and cryptoanarchy. Mine is this geodesic market
Ah. Well, Tim, "Feh" is yiddish, actually. Just like "hacker" comes from
electric trains. If you don't believe me on *that* one, ask Mr. Levy, who
knows all about the MIT Model Railroading Club...
Right on, Tim. Just don't rain on my parade, or anyone else who's trying to
make something happen, for that matter.
Cart before the horse, Tim. Most of the new people (say, for 2 years at
least) on this list *are* pioneers. I've got 600 people over on www-buyinfo
who are there primarily because 90% (!) of the traffic on it is my
e$-filtered cross-posts from cypherpunks, and I don't know how many are
over here because they like their whiskey neat. Those people are so fired
up, they will find a need, or *create* one, if they have to.
Damn Yankees. Born in El Paso, myself, by way of St. Thomas, Las Cruces,
Corpus Christi, El Paso, Anchorage, St. Louis, Mid-MO, Chicago, and yes,
Boston. Never knew I was one until you told me...
Typical Mandarin response. ;-). (just pulling your leg, Tim. Put the Glock
I bet they are, but I'm not attached to Mark Twain or even Digicash per se.
It just seems to me, that if you want to get involved in this flying stuff,
here's a plane that flies, even if its elevators are stuck on the front.
Learn to fly now, and be able to fly the new stuff as it becomes available.
If you want to fly, that is. Some people then couldn't help it. They *had*
to do it. That's what's happening here, Tim.
Not here Tim. I believe you might be projecting, or something. I just want
to sell stuff for cash on the net. Then, I want to surfact the financial
markets into little tiny pieces...
I don't believe that for a minute, and on reflection, you probably don't
either. Jerry Sanders at AMD. Hell, Tim, you knew Moore, for god's sake.
Think about, oh, the Sony guy, whatever his name is, Morita. The people who
built the Mac were *possessed*. So was Kawasaki. I'm *still* possessed.
What about the *entrepreneur's* reality distortion field. I bet you've seen
more than a few, and probably more than a few who were right, or you
wouldn't be thrashing your Mac on the net and clipping coupons...
                                                                ^^^^^
I resemble that remark. Sure, Tim some of them didn't make it. But for
every one of those (strange you should mention Jobs, right after I mention
the reality distortion field, and don't count him out yet, rumor has it
Ellison wants him to run Apple when Oracle buys it, god help us all), there
are others who did exactly that. Von Braun, or Porsche, or, hell, all I can
think of are germans, uh, okay, Bill Gates.
Having been hammered by Nick myself, once or twice, I think I understand this...
So. I'm enthused. My enthusiasm is demonstrably contagious. If someone gets
enthusiastic about all this on my account, and puts up the king-hell,
world-beater, financial-cryptography-killer-ap that's cool by me.
Otherwise, it's only bandwidth, which I've wasted enough on for this
thread. If you want to make the rubble bounce, go for it.
Besides, I usually stay in my cage, these days. Which is where I'm going to
go and lurk for another month or so...
Bob Hettinga
PS: Feh
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-19 11:29:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity and Intellectual Capital 
First of all, this is a damn fine post. Outstanding!
The first thing that strikes me about all this is how time seems to be
"unwinding" as far as centralization of power, or anything else, is
I've ranted about all this here and elsewhere, how falling semiconductor
prices, public networks and strong cryptography beget the reemergence of
bearer certificates, this time in digital form (of which ecash is only the
prima facie example, the existence proof) and what I call, for lack of a
better term, a "geodesic", instead of hierarchical, economy.
We're seeing in this "unincorporated company" idea the devolution, the
surfacting, of concentrations of information, and thus power, back out to
individuals, and with that, responsibility, and of course, freedom.
Truly marvelous. Hope there's more where that one came from.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-20 04:58:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: What's a digital bearer bond? 
It's the little questions which take the longest to answer...
I wrote something here in cypherpunks this year called "The Book Entry /
Certificate Distinction", which you might want to check out in the
Bearer bonds and bearer certificates (like cash) belong to the bearer. To
be flip, possession is 100% of the law with a bearer bond. Bearer bonds can
be stolen, but they aren't registered anywhere, which makes them useful for
anonymity. All along the bottom of a bearer bond are little squares called
coupons, which you cut out periodically and mail in to the issuer, and
they'll send you back an interest check for that period's interest. Lots of
financial phrases come from bearer bonds. When a bond trader talks about a
bond's interest rate, she may use the word "coupon" interchageably, as in,
"That bond has a 7% coupon.". Meaning, it pays 7% interest per year. Then
there's the phrase "clipping coupons", meaning someone is retired or
independently wealthy and living on their bond interest. Every month the
interest on one bond or other would come due, the coupons clipped and sent
in to the bond's issuer in return for an interest check.
Most securities these days are registered to the owner somewhere, at a
trustee, at the issuer, at a clearinghouse, or some combination of all. In
fact, most securities these days don't exist in physical form at all and
exist only on the books at clearinghouses and brokerages. This is why your
stock broker squalls about "physical delivery" when you ask for a
certificate. About a year ago, we talked about the Depository Trust
Company, the clearing house for the New York Stock Exchange. They have
entire issues there consisting of a single piece of paper in the
clearinghouse vault which are traded entirely on a book entry basis, that
is, only accounting entries are swapped when these securities change hands.
There are several reasons for this. The putative reason is that as taxing
authorities, like the Internal Revenue Service, have relied increasingly on
various cash-flow taxes like the income tax for thier revenue, they have
slowly regulated or legislated bearer bonds out of existence in favor of
registered, and more to the point, book-entry securities.
However, like everything else, law and regulation is really a creature of
technology, and the technological reason that book-entry and consequently
registered certificates are popular is because they're cheaper to handle
locked down in a vault in a clearing house somewhere with the ownership
changing hands by changing offsetting accounting entries at the buyer,
seller, and clearinghouse.
This is a direct consequence of financial systems organized on top of
hierarchical communications networks, which was how all communication
networks were organized before automated switching, and, more to the point,
microprocessor switching made them more and more geodesic in structure. You
might want to check the archives for more of my rants here on that subject.
The thing about digital certificates, of which ecash is only the camel's
nose in the tent, is that while electronic, they're actual bearer
certificates. You get a lot of great non-sequiters when you talk about
them. "Digital bearer certificates", when you can't actually touch them to
"hold" them, Electronic "physical" delivery, and the like.
So, with a digital bearer bond, you would have in effect a bundle of
digital certificates. One would be for the principal and whould be good for
the repayment of that principal on the date the bond was called or the
redemption date, however the bond offering is written. The other
certificates would represent coupons, one for each interest period for the
life of the bond.
These digital certificates, in combination increasingly geodesic networks
enabled by exponentially falling microprocessor prices and strong
cryptography, theoretically allow secure, point-to-point trading of any
security of any amount with instantaneous clearing and cash settlement.
The current hierarchical capital market model, with brokers, "wholesalers",
and central exchanges has been collapsing for decades since the advent of
electronic trading systems (glorified computer bulletin boards, really)
like NASDAQ.  With the coming of digital certificate technology on public
networks, these markets will be "surfacted" into smaller and smaller
concentrations of information and capital.
I have no idea what markets will look like when we "return" to things like
digital bearer bonds, but there's a prima facie example now on the web as
we speak. This week Mark Grant just upgraded his Electronic Cash Market
(ecm)-based cyberbuck (c$) webpage "trading post", so that it will take the
new Mark Twain ecash. That means that it will be possible to trade old
Digicash beta-certificate c$, which sold for 5 cents US per c$, and
instataneously clear and settle them for Mark Twian ecash on-line. No
checks have to be sent between trading parties to buy these certificates
anymore, which should lower transaction costs significantly, not to mention
the float on the money while the trade settled.
It was curious that people were buying these things to begin with, as they
had no value at all except their uniqueness, anonymous electronic
transmissibility, and a promise from Digicash BV to issue only a millon of
them.  Yet now, with the market made infinitely more liquid with the
introduction of real-time cash settlement, things will get, as Alice said,
"curioser and curiouser". Digicash still has some large number of these
things in the "treasury" unissued. I believe these original beta-test
certificates have both payee and payor anonymity, especially if traded
offline, which has been how they've been traded through the ecm.
More fun with numbers.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-21 06:29:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "Dear Newt" Letter... 
My, *this* looks interesting...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
     The Ad Hoc Taxpayer Coalition for Computer Privacy
                     November 8, 1995
The Honorable Newt Gingrich
Speaker of the House of Representatives
H-232 The Capitol
Washington, DC 20515-6502
Dear Mr. Speaker:
 We are writing to express serious concerns about the
Administration's efforts to continue to restrict the ability
of computer users at home and abroad to protect their personal
and private information over electronic networks through the
use of encryption technology. The Administration seems
determined to ensure government surveillance of all electronic
information and communications. It began with President
Clinton's "Clipper Chip," but has not stopped.
 Consumers aren't happy with these proposals, and neither is
the business community nor civil libertarians. In fact, it's
hard to find anyone supportive outside the Administration
except for the few that would benefit from the
Administration's "proposed relaxation" of the nation's export
 The Administration refuses to let American computer hardware
and software companies sell products with good encryption
worldwide unless the U.S. Government is guaranteed access to a
key that unlocks that information. The Administration is
trying to leverage these companies' need to export -- they
derive more than half their earnings from sales abroad -- and
desire to develop a single product worldwide, to force them to
include a feature in products they sell in the U.S. and abroad
that will allow government access. Administration officials
also have said that if American companies do not "voluntarily"
include such a feature, then they will seek legislation making
such a feature mandatory.
 The Administration's approach is the wrong policy for today's
 It's anti-consumer. Computer users will not entrust their
sensitive information to computer networks unless its security
and privacy are assured. Without good privacy protection,
there simply will not be a Global Information Infrastructure

@_date: 1995-11-22 01:27:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Are there enough FBI agents to handle Digital Telephony????? 
Hettinga's Corollary to Gilmore's Law ("Censorship is Damage")
In a geodesic network, one node can't route all the traffic. It will choke.
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-22 01:29:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FW: Electronic Commerce and the Internet (6/96 CACM) 
Encoding: 61 TEXT
     Call for Papers:
     Interested authors are encouraged to submit manuscripts for feature
     articles on Electronic Commerce and the Internet. Six papers are sought
     for a special feature for the June 1996 issue of the Communications of
     the ACM (CACM). Co-Guest Editors for the feature are Rick Austin and
     Ray Pyle of the Bell Atlantic Internet Services Center.
     Guidelines:
     Articles should be written for a general audience consisting of a
     range of experience and backgrounds, but aimed at the general
     practitioner.
     7000 to 10,000 words
     3 to 5 graphic inserts (optional)
     Topics:
     Internet Security
     Electronic Commerce Security
     Digital Signature
     Digital Cash
     Firewalls and gateways
     MIME and attachments
     Integrated EDI/Internet
     Effectiveness of the Internet for commerce
     Advances in Electronic Commerce
     Etc.
     Schedule:
     Finished manuscripts and Author Bio due December 1, 1995.
     Editors comments back by December 15, 1995
     Photo Ready copy due Jan 10 1996.
     Mail or Email to
     Raymond Pyle
     13100 Columbia Pk E47
     Silver Spring, Md. 20904
     raymond.h.pyle
Mark Leighton Fisher                   Thomson Consumer Electronics
fisherm                   Indianapolis, IN
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-27 04:44:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: BOS_nya 
I read a review of this book in the Standard  with
in the last week or so.
If you think *I'm* hyperjargonate, you should see how this guy does it.
Hear tell he practically invents his own language...
May be worth a read if the local library has it, though.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-27 04:47:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Commerce CFP for Special Issue in _The Information Society_ 
Dear Colleague:
You may be interested in submitting a manuscript for review for the
following special issue on Electronic Commerce.
Rolf Wigand
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
                        CALL FOR PAPERS
          For a Special Issue on 'Electronic Commerce'
       The Information Society (An International Journal)
       ---
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-27 04:46:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Certification Authority 
Must that or a spoof of somekind... "She" didn't sign it, and "she" claims
to have issued a signature...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-28 20:55:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Netscape V2 and Certificates 
We have now spent an interesting time looking at Netscape V2.
If you are interested in looking at V2 and how it relates to certificates
not signed by Verisign please take version 0.15b of Workhorse at
ftp://193.119.26.70/mktnet/pub/horse.zip  (Windows 3.1) switch on
the WWW server and try it out.
Basically the client allows an SSL link to a server "signed" by a CA
that it does not know ("EuroSign") the only problem being that if it
does not know the CA then it cannot check the signature.
I do think this is a major improvement, however, in that it raises
properly the issue of authentication of servers and makes it clear
that the client user should properly consider the server.
At the end of the day the commercial strengths of the server merchant and its
authorisation is more important than who has signed its certificate.  I can
happily obtain certificates for MarketNet even though there is a
US MarketNet Corp.  This is because I have a UK organisation called
MarketNet.  The name, therefore, is not in itself significant.
It is also interesting that Netscape will be checking the domain name in
the near future.  Realistically many people have a large number of
different domain names all pointing at the same server so a generic domain name
is likely to be the most common registration anyway.
At Eurosign.com we will be offering free Certification of a Keypair.  We
wish to ensure that further certification actually means something
commercially viable (eg a Bank regulated by the relevant organisation).
However, as our first offering we will be simply certifying that we have
received valid certificate requests. (they will be short term certs, however)
We have not fully allocated our domain name as yet (as far as I have
been told) although the experimental server (not advised for live use as
there are a number of flaws) was released today.  Eurosign's alpha
test site is at --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-29 04:44:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Moof! (Hettinga Speaks at Apple) 
God help us all.
I've been invited to the CyberDog Coding Retreat next week at Apple
Computer in Cupertino. Getting flown out there is cool. Hanging with the
more clueful Mac Internet types and getting to kibbitz and watch (I like to
watch!) them code OpenDoc parts for the internet from 8AM to midnight plus,
subsisting on Dew and Pizza is really way cool. Even getting some
mac.cypherpunks in the door to code cypto parts is extremely cool. But...
They've asked me to give a "talk". All by myself. In an auditorium. With an
audience, I mean. With publicity. I feel like Hoffman in Rain Man...
V-E-R-N, Verrrn... More to the point, I feel like I'm tempting fate,
Sooo. I've been told I can have friends in the audience. That's cool. As
many friends as I want. That's even cooler. I can even have reinforcements
up on the rostrum. That's extremely cool.
So, while I work on the "reinforcements up on the rostrum" part, *please*
come and help me explain this stuff to the rest of the Apple community.
I've appended the actual poster copy, with the relevant details, below.
The poster, and its copyright-violating picture of Grommit the Dog are also
found on the web at:
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-29 05:36:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Like FV with Crypto ... 'Cept Different ... 
SAN RAFAEL, Calif., Nov. 22 /PRNewswire/  -- SBT's
Internet Division today announced that its electronic storefront package,
WebTrader 2.0, will integrate with Checkfree's credit card processing
service providing a complete, secure Internet commerce solution.  The
combination of SBT's WebTrader and Checkfree's Electronic Payment Processing
service allows any company to sell products on the Internet, automate order
entry and fulfillment and receive credit card payments electronically.
PR balloon deflated
  The Internet commerce solution process will be initiated by a merchant
contacting an SBT Internet Business Consultant (IBC) who will install and
configure Web Trader and provide the client with the Checkfree Merchant
Application package.  The IBC will arrange for a Checkfree account manager
to be assigned to the account who will assist with the application process.
The IBC will then customize and modify the Web Trader application, and
tailor Checkfree's processing to the merchant's specific needs.  Once the
application has been processed and approved, the IBC will coordinate site
testing for credit card transactions.  At that point the merchant is
equipped to conduct business on the Internet.
  WebTrader is the most widely-installed Windows program that allows
businesses to create an electronic storefront with order forms for products
or services on the Web.  It automatically processes the orders and sends the
customer confirmation via e-mail.  WebTrader initiates and completes the
sales process by providing a direct, instantaneous connection between vendor
and customer, RSA Data Security's encryption software which keeps credit
card numbers and other sensitive data private once it is received by the
vendor's Web server.
  WebTrader includes several HTML templates for home pages and sales order
forms that are ready to run on the Web.  When a customer on the Web
completes a form, the information is sent to the vendor via Internet e-mail.
The vendor employs an integrated e-mail parsing program that automatically
transforms the message into a standard SBT Sales Orders' bid.  After the bid
is authorized, it is converted to a firm order and an e-mail message
confirming receipt of the order is sent via Internet to the customer.
WebTrader also includes the ability to capture and track other critical
business information such as sales leads, product registration and customer
  WebTrader can be used as a stand-alone Internet application or in
conjunction with SBT's Pro Series 3.0i accounting software.  WebTrader has a
suggested retail price of $1,295.
->Finger abarrett for Keyprint
->Public Key Coming Soon to a Keyserver Near You!
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-11-30 22:41:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ecash lottery (Was: ecash casino) 
My bet it would work a lot like anonymous voting schemes would, though I
don't know how. It just feels like the same kind of thing...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-01 12:52:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) ECheques 
We have just had the final modifications of the documentation from our
Lawyers to make the UK Sterling Clearing ECheque system fully live.
If you want to peruse the process
 - about opening accounts
 - account contract
 - registering each key mandate
We do intend putting some form of PGP signature checking facility
in for clearing ECheques later, but for the moment the standard ECheque
form generated by WorkHorse is what we accept.
The Standard ECheque is nothing more than a BER encoded sequence
similar to a certificate request with a standard PKCS signature at the end
of it which is then Base64 encoded (but if you use the decoding
facilities in WorkHorse you can see this).
Britain .... first again.
We did clear an ECheque in September, but this is now the real McCoy.
Merchant accounts cost nothing to open and the transactional charge
for a Merchant to receive Sterling (not ecash denominated in Sterling)
is 1%.  The accounts can be reviewed online and they are real bank
accounts (in Sterling however).  Other Merchant transactions are costed
as usual see conditions (eg 40p per cheque - paper cheque).
If you want to integrate ECheques and the web simply see our flower
ordering form --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-02 03:16:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: GAK, Netscape, CyberDog, and you. 
Hi Semper Fi-ers!
I've been lurking on this list for a long time, and I haven't said much
here primarily because I'm not a developer. I mean, I've hired developers,
and sold the software I've had them build for me. Not very well, I might
add, which is why I try do something else (talk and write) for a living
now. Frankly, I couldn't code my way out of a paper bag, which, of course,
is why I've not said much here. :-).
Anyway, something has come up which I think makes the world very
interesting, and I think you should know about it.
Netscape has come out in favor of what the government calls "key escrow",
but which most "cypher"-punks (and I seem to have become one over the last
year and a half) call GAK, for Government Access to Keys.
Here's the URL:  . This is a news
report of a speech that Jim Clark gave at a trade show in Boston this week.
Normally, as serious as this is in the rest of the world, that wouldn't
really rate a mention here, except for the fact that this presents a very
interesting set of opportunities for the *independent* Mac developer
community in the form of CyberDog, Apple's set of OpenDoc parts for the
internet. I'll get to that in a moment, but first, let me give you some
background on the problem.
Netscape's Jim Clark has quite a tightrope act going. He has a stock price
which gives Netscape a P/E ratio of something like 7,000 (the S&P average
right now is about 14), which means he really ought to get some revenue in
the door, or his investors are going to have his hide. The next thing is,
the government is a *really* big customer, and *they* want GAK, in case you
haven't noticed. ;-). Couple this with the fact that Netscape is pretty
much replicable by concentrated developer effort because its underlying
technology is an open standard, *and* the fact that any significant attempt
by them to create any real proprietary standards on the internet is
practically impossible in the long run, unless they get a whole lot of very
big customers in a hurry.
Now, it looks like that's what happened already, because a lot of very
large companies have signed on to using Netscape servers, but you can also
see how really weak Netscape's position is when Uncle Sam knocks on their
door and asks for a key escrow "bug" in every "secure" Netscape web
This isn't the first time that Netscape has had problems with financial
cryptography and the law. Netscape made the papers recently because the
government-mandated SSL key-size in their export version was too small. (We
won't talk about the cognitive dissonance between the words "export" and
"internet" just yet...)  The "export" version of  Netscape Navigator got
cracked by a French grad student in a university computer lab, who broke it
just by running a bunch of background processes on his Sun workstations for
a couple days over a weekend. The ITARs, the arms export laws covering this
(cryptography is legally a munition, more cognitive dissonance), are a now
problem for everybody who wants to do business securely and safely on the
More to the point, since digital bearer certificate technology, the most
economical method for doing business on the net, is entirely based on
digital signatures, which in turn are entirely based on very strong public
key cryptography, all business on the internet will eventually require very
strong cryptography. In other words, if you don't have unbreakable key
sizes, you can't issue digital certificates to pay for things with. It
would be like having paper money which is easy to forge.
Lately, I like to say that "Digital Commerce *is* Financial Cryptography",
and it's true. First Virtual has the only truly "out of band" internet
transaction settlement mechanism, it's very well-designed, and very robust,
but you have to remember that they did it *because* of the ITARs, and the
complications for financial cryptography those regulations cause, no matter
how much First Virtual itself likes to "dis" financial cryptography as a
concept. Unfortunately, the transaction costs on such out-of-band methods
are always going to be higher because of the inefficiencies of not
instantly settling transactions, like you can with something like digital
cash. When you buy something in the store for cash, you initiate, settle
and clear the trade all at once, right there at the cash register, without
an audit trail to maintain. Frankly, *any* credit card trade is really an
"out-of-band" method, because it has to go off of the net to clear and
settle, with audit trails, and the overhead of their offsetting
Fortunately, as governments start to figure this out, they will have to
stand back and let the economic train go by, so to speak.
So, having said all that, let's talk about OpenDoc and CyberDog.
I hear that with CyberDog, building a secure Netscape-compatible browser in
OpenDoc is now pretty simple. That adding economically useful -- and
interchangable -- functionality like strong encryption, digital cash
protocols and most of the tools of digital commerce is also pretty
straightforward. That is, even though they have to be developed separately,
because Apple justifiably doesn't want to have the ITARs limiting its
export market for both OpenDoc and CyberDog. Again that cognitive
dissonance between "export" and "internet".
In addition to building utterly secure browser-server links, I see some
interesting OpenDoc digital commerce applications coming out of a
Netscape-compatible browser. My favorite "flash" on this was imagining the
ability to drag Digicash ecash dollar bill icons out of a wallet and
dropping them on a cash-register icon in a web page to pay for a
transaction. That's certainly doable with OpenDoc and CyberDog.
In addition, the IETF has just promulgated a secure link-level encryption
standard called IPSEC, which allows for encrypted links between any two
machines on the net, with any cryptographic method you want. That looks
like a great Open Transport Streams Module project to me. And the wierd
thing is, once IPSEC is out there, GAK in Netscape becomes moot, anyway.
Netscape can only shoot itself in the foot here, and it looks like they
already have, with a premature announcement of GAK.
One final thing about Netscape. It's not their fault. There is no evil
man-behind-the curtain in all of this. The government's doing what it
thinks necessary for the preservation of order, and thinks it needs GAK to
do that. Netscape is doing the best it can for its (newly rich)
stockholders, and thinks it needs to comply with Uncle Sam, which it
probably in fact has to do, or burst it's stock market price sooner, rather
than later.
Also, there is no reason why Netscape can't make a Navigator OpenDoc part,
and I expect that they are planning to. I bet that Apple would really like
that, and as a matter of fact, is probably courting Netscape to do exactly
But I also know that by using OpenDoc and CyberDog, that the user can
create a very easy to use, flexible, extensible, and *powerful* internet
environment. Being there first with a Netscape-compatible browser,
especially one that doesn't have GAK built into it, will be worth a whole
lot in the marketplace for any enterprizing independent OpenDoc parts
I'm going to be giving a talk on Wednesday at noon at Apple's Town Hall, (4
Infinite Loop) in Cupertino about what I'm calling "geodesic" markets, that
is,  financial cryptography on the internet.  The URL for a web page with
all the details is
 .
In addition, if you want more stuff on financial cryptography, you might
want to try my e$ home page, which is in my .sig, below.
Finally, I've asked an *actual* financial cryptographer, Eric Hughes, who
many of you may know from the cypherpunks mailgroup, and from the Clipper
fight, to show up at the Cupertino talk and bail me out on the real hard
Well, that's about it. Oh. The talk is titled "Financial Cryptography for
Dogs". I think you can see why, in light of the events of the last week,
it's quite appropriate.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-02 08:40:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: GAK, Netscape, CyberDog, and you. 
Ouch! Actually, semper.fi has many times that many readers... ;-).
Rich, you must be the *only* person, (besides myself), who's subscribed to
*all* of those lists. I think if you check it out, that post was germaine
to every single one of the lists in question.
However, I'm sorry to bury you in a snowstorm. Getting 6 copies of the same
thing must have pissed you off, and for that, I apologise.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-02 08:39:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Attribution: GAK, Netscape, CyberDog, and you. 
In the heat of the moment, I failed to attribute something to someone who
you all should know about: Tim May, one of the founders of cypherpunks, and
the person who used a greatly expanded form of this argument yesterday on
that list.
While I'm not a journalist, I did violate the rules of "News 101", and did
not attribute the source of this excellent argument. Heavy lifting, indeed.
Of course, that's nothing new. I don't believe I've ever had an original
thought in my life...
Bob Hettinga
P.S. Sorry, Rich, but I just had to do this one...
which gives Netscape a P/E ratio of something like 7,000 (the S&P average
right now is about 14), which means he really ought to get some revenue in
the door, or his investors are going to have his hide. The next thing is,
the government is a *really* big customer, and *they* want GAK, in case you
haven't noticed. ;-). Couple this with the fact that Netscape is pretty much
replicable by concentrated developer effort because its underlying
technology is an open standard, *and* the fact that any significant attempt
by them to create any real proprietary standards on the internet is
practically impossible in the long run, unless they get a whole lot of very
big customers in a hurry.
large companies have signed on to using Netscape servers, but you can also
see how really weak Netscape's position is when Uncle Sam knocks on their
door and asks for a key escrow "bug" in every "secure" Netscape web session.
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-02 09:44:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Aware's radiation detector 
This reminds me at mobile world this week, some of the wearables guys at
Steve Roberts' BEHEMOUTH booth showed me a $20 alpha and beta detector half
the size of a matchbook. Said something about it being Russian surplus...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-02 10:20:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cyberspace Inc & Robber Baron Age 
More technophobic hogwash from an industrial-centralist mind.
Anyone who looks at the possibilty of semi-autonomous, hell, autonomous,
software out there buying and selling things "out of control" of the people
who use it, much less those who wrote it, in an emergent-structure chaotic
microtransaction market, on a network where the price of semiconductor
switching falls exponentially, making everything, code, hardware,
link-lengh, everything, smaller and smaller and faster and faster, (inhale)
can't possibly say stuff like that.
These folks are looking backwards so far they're going to trip over the future.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-02 14:55:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: A "Warning Banner" for Netscape Navigator? Good idea! 
It's been a long and interesting day...
Oh. *Those* advertisements! I couldn't for the life of me figure out *what*
Tim was talking about. I've made mine come up blank since the initial,
"Hey, what do these twiddly bits in the Preferences command do...", session
after the first download. You can also put up a type-it-yourself URL window
on the browser window, which comes in handy now that you have to wait 10
seconds (on my dinky PB 180) every time you change code modules in 2.0b3
Netscape (like touching the menu bar for the first time, or looking at
the bookmark window)... Like I've said elsewhere, Netscape is hierarchical
code trying to conquer a geodesic (a word I got from Bucky Fuller, through
Peter Huber, just so I keep my attributions straight...) network. It ain't
gonna fly, in the long run, folks.
In that vein, could someone e-mail me the best non-netscape Mac browser, so
I don't get HTML-nasties when I go play on the cactus machine?
Dave Winer(sp?), the Mac-Developer-turned-gadfly (speak not ill of the
other gadflies, I always say...), talks about seeing some Netscape
(sorry...) patches which actually *do* strip banner ads from various
web-pages. I believe you have to tell it which pages, and what the banners'
file names are, but I'm not sure. Don't know where *Weiner(sp?)* got it
from... I seem to remember the name "Ad Stripper" but I could be imagining
Of course, if that's the way this code really operates, simply changing the
name of the HREF call regularly on the server side, which is probably done
anyway, with all the web-management code showing up out there, defeats
ad-filters of this kind completely...
Obcrypto: Maybe these web-pages will send you nanocash (not mine, either,
sorry, taken from one of the wearable-people at mobileworld, I'll look up
their name, and get back to you. soon. I promise.) to watch their message?
Also, could someone talk here about how easy it might be to spoof Java
"byte code"? The Java presentation at this conference had a lot of
hand-waving and reverent invocation of Whit Diffie's name, so it might not
be trivial. Another feature of this presentation was a really splendid
"subjective axis" chart showing how "powerful" Java is in comparison to
say, client-server, HTML, and other "technologies". This chart reminded me
for all the world of the famous "Pravda Charts" that Tufte likes to lampoon
in "The Graphical Representation of Quantitative Information". Just so I
keep my sources straight. Of course.
To quote Prof. Tufte. "If it looks like a duck, ignore it." Or something to
that effect. Maybe the word "waddle" was in the sentence. Maybe he got it
from someone else... I'll get back to you on that. I really will...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-13 05:26:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (dcsb) CIS SEMINAR--December 15--Manasse, Micali, Rivest, Shamir--2:00pm 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: lethin (Rich Lethin)
Seminar at MIT.
Return-Path: Reply-To: theory-seminars-request
**Of interest.
                         CIS-SEMINAR
Title:          Micropayment schemes, light-weight signatures, and
                        public-key certification
Speakers:       Mark Manasse, Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir, and Silvio Micali
Time:           2:00-3:30 Friday, December 15th, 1995
Where:          Room NE43-518, 545 Technology Square
We present four short talks on related subject matter:
(1) Mark Manasse will present his micropayment scheme "Millicent".
(2) Ron Rivest will present the "PayWord" micropayment scheme.
(3) Adi Shamir will present the "MicroMint" micropayment scheme.
(4) Silvio Micali will present an enhanced certificate revocation system.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-16 02:05:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Future Scenarios for e$ 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                      Art Hutchinson and John Kelly
                Northeast Consulting Resources Inc., (NCRI)
                      "Future Scenarios for e$"
                        Tuesday, January 2, 1995
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Mr. Hutchinson is a Senior Consultant at Northeast Consulting Resources,
Inc. (NCRI).  His primary area of focus is NCRI's Information Commerce
practice. He has advised clients on the application of different approaches
to, and technologies for managing (and getting paid for) digital
intellectual property on the Internet, the World Wide Web, and
private/hybrid networks.
Mr. Hutchinson is an active member of the Electronic Rights Management Group
of the Information Industry Association, and a founding member of the
Digital Commerce Society of Boston.  He speaks regularly at conferences on
the topic of rights management in cyberspace  He is a principal contributor
to NCRI's Future Mapping(r) conferences, including "The Future of
Information Commerce" and "The Great Infrastructure Debate"(r).  Prior to
joining NCRI, Mr. Hutchinson was Director of Consulting Services at BIS
Strategic Decisions. Prior to BIS, Mr. Hutchinson managed the Distribution
Channels Information Service at International Data Corp. (IDC).
Mr. Kelly, a Senior Consultant at Northeast Consulting Resources, Inc.
(NCRI), has specialized in designing group planning and decision making
activities that help teams clarify their strategic options.  He also
analyzes new applications in multimedia training and groupware.  He is one
of the leaders of the Mapping the Future of Information Commerce seminars.
Mr. Kelly has led seminars on strategic planning and Future Mapping for a
large international oil company, a Fortune 100 diversified manufacturing
company, a leading computer hardware and systems company, and numerous
software and telecommunications companies.  He has contributed to the
development of databases of critical events that help companies chart their
future business opportunities in the areas of computing, communications, and
interactive multimedia. Before joining NCRI, Mr. Kelly served as an
Associate Editor and consultant for the Seybold Office Computing Group. Mr.
Kelly also worked for the Information Systems Group at Lotus Development
Corporation and was the Director of Interactive Technology Projects at the
WGBH Educational Foundation. Prior to that, Mr. Kelly was Manager of the
Seminar Division at Information Mapping, Inc. and later served as a
consultant to IMI.
Art says:
This meeting of the Boston Society for Digital Commerce will be held on
Tuesday, January 2, 1995 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by Saturday,
December 30 (that's two weeks from this Saturday), or you won't be on the list
for lunch. Checks payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will
have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, c/o The Shipwright Development
Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they
must be made payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with a few glacial A/P departments ourselves, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 February    Fred Hapgood     Freelance Author
 March       Glenda Barnes    X.9 Electronic Commerce Security Group
 April       Donald Eastlake  CyberCash
 May         Perry Metzger    Security Consultant and Cypherpunk
 June        Dan Shutzer      FSTC
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Boston Society for Digital Commerce, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Bob Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-16 13:52:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Seven Days 
Boston, MA
Interesting things happened during seven days last week, which I spent
mostly on the road. The focus of the trip was almost entirely on e$ and
geodesic markets, so I thought I'd do a reprise of the "24 hours" post
here for fun.
Woke up at about 6 and thrashed the e-mail pile for about an hour. I'm
finding that I get up, do e-mail and then take a shower. Could trollhood
be far behind?  Usually, I have at least 100 messages in the mailbox
first thing in the morning. Almost all of this is not for me, about 95%
is e$pam fodder, of which 10% makes the cut. About 80% of the total is
still cypherpunks -- so, what else is new? The NetGAK fight dominates
all, and I get flamed by one of my subscribers about pumping so much of
it onto e$pam. I ask him to send the flame to the list, but nothing ever
happens. I figure that the more cogent NetGAK arguments deserve
e$pamming because of my oft-debated contention that digital commerce is
finanicial cryptography, and financial cryptography is a subset of
strong cryptography, and attempts by nation-states to regulate commerce,
and thus strong cryptography, are usually entertaining when they're not
dangerous. These days, I suppose Duncan Frisell would call GAK-attempts
entertaining, and Tim May would call it dangerous, and I fall in between
Sometimes, all of this reminds me of Barr Rosenburg, the popular 70's
analyst-of- stock- analysts who made a whole lot of mutual fund managers
feel much better about themselves and the efficient market hypothesis.
His point was that if they didn't try to beat the market every day of
their lives, there wouldn't be a market to beat. The best fund managers
did beat the market on a regular basis, just barely, and that was the
incentive for all the rest to try their hand at it. We all benefit as a
result. We can buy a mutual fund, or just buy an index fund, and for the
most part, we can be sure that the market will go up a reasonable annual
amount on some long term average.
I see progress against government interference in the net.market the
same way. Just one of us can't really do it, but if all of us chip away
at it, some of us more than others, then those "profits at the margin"
begin to add up to a trend of government cluefulness about economic
reality as far as geodesic markets on the net are concerned. One of the
biggest clues of all is that strong cryptography is the lynchpin
technology for any real peer-to-peer cash-settlement economy. They just
don't get that yet. They will. The market is efficient.
I get cleaned up, pack (always at the last minute, and always in a
hurry) call a cab and go down to the Harvard Club on Federal Street to
moderate the Digital Commerce Society of Boston luncheon. We had about
30 people and 3 no-shows, which is about par after three months of doing
We also had about 10 new people, which is also par. Among them was a
sizable contingent from the financial community, which is good, because
I put the meeting in the middle of Boston's financial district on
purpose. We had people from State Street Bank's bond room, some people
from Fidelity Systems' advanced technology bunch, one guy from Mellon
Bank's advanced technology group, and someone from Lehman, who I believe
was another bond trader.
Rich Salz, from OSF, was the speaker, and he talked about financial
middleware for the internet. When I listen to someone like Rich, I'm
always reminded of just how much I *don't* know. Among other things,
Rich told the story about how someone had to fight tooth and nail to
keep people from putting URLs into Super Bowl ads, because the
net.infrastructure wouldn't pass the smoke test. Something about too
much demand if they advertised Madonna's langerie for sale...
DCSB is growing nicely, I think. We've got speakers booked out until
next June, running the gamut from FSTC to Perry Metzger, we're keeping
our Harvard Club bill paid, and everyone looks happy to meet someone
else whose eyes don't glaze over when they talk about digital commerce
technology and its consequences.
The plane flight is boring, and I keep forgetting to get some kind of
battery brick for shipwright.com, my PowerBook 180. To top it off, I've
had it more or less plugged into the wall for a year, so the battery's
gone. So, I read Forbes, and then the Atlantic, and then after a plane
change in Chicago, I sleep until I get to San Jose, where Vinnie, a
friend of mine from Apple, and my equivalent of Hunter Thompson's Samoan
attorney, picks me up. I go crash on a futon in his living room, and
wake up way too early.
After waking up at 4:30, downloading e-mail and thrashing it all into
food for Thumper, our ailing mail-server, I forestall trollhood one more
time and get cleaned up to go outside. This time, it's to go hang out
for three days at the Apple OpenDoc Cyberdog Coding Retreat, or
"Kitchen", as they say at Apple.
First, Vinnie takes me to his office at Apple Developer Technical
Support (DTS), by way of a triple esspresso dumped into a large coffee
(Vinnie's version of a weightlifter's ephidrine stack, I suppose)  and a
rather large cholestorol-festival breakfast at the Apple cafeteria.
At Vinnie's office, I meet several of his workmates, including his
shooting buddy Jeff, who, along with Vinnie, takes failed hard drives
out to the shooting range periodically for durability testing. Jeff says
there's something satisfying about the sound of AK-47 fire ricocheting
off of the pride of Conner, Seagate or Quantum in the early evening
after a hard day's bug-hunting.
Vinnie, who got started messing around with computers when he was about
13, at MIT's AI lab in the early 70's, is also an ex-marine black-belt
who teaches handgun safety and marksmanship. He has one of those
humaniform target sheets pasted on his office window with tidy groupings
over the middle chest and forehead, the result of a field trip that
folks in DTS took one day to the range. After much arm-twisting, they
persuaded Vinnie to take a few shots himself, and he squeezed off the
above Glock magazine in about 8 seconds or so. That, the break-out
picture of the AK-47 on his wall, the business card that says "DTS
Sniper. One shot, One kill", and the Glock t-shirt with the rolled up
sleeves over a few too many muscles under hair that's buzz-cut a little
bit short, makes most liberals and other statists a little nevous. The
small oval Oakley reflective sunglasses, don't hurt, I suppose. I have
to say that someone actually pointed out all this out to me, a little
later in the week. I'd never noticed it, really. I've known Vinnie for
about 5 years now, and I think about Vinnie the same way that someone
talked about Dick Butkus once. "Kind of a teddy bear with muscles." A
very *smart* teddy bear with muscles.
After taking the tour of DTS and meeting mostly normal people with the
exception of Vinnie and Jeff, well, mostly normal people, anyway, we
jumped into Vinnie's Toyota 4X4 with the firearm, punk band and
right-wing bumper stickers all over the rear window and went over to
Apple's City Center campus and the Cyberdog Kitchen.
We were greeted by Jim Black, who was running the Kitchen for Apple,
which consists primarily of 60 (for this kitchen, anyway, because of
CyberDog; normally it's about 20) people with Macs in front of them
trying to develop code in new environments for the first time. They do
this over the course of 3 days, from 8 in the morning to midnight or
later, punctuated by the occasional meal or presentation. Jim was the
guy who flew me out here, so I figure I have to pay attention to him.
Vinnie and John say relax, so I start paying attention to the kitchen
itself, including fooling around with the various Cyberdog "parts", or
Cyberdog itself is a really cool idea. Effectively, it's an
implementation of IBM's SOM object model for the internet. With
Cyberdog, you can encapsulate any function in a part, kind of like a
very small application on steroids. You can make parts like
web-browsers, or mailers, or ftp-parts. In other words, parts for all
the stuff you do on the net.  My, uh, part-icular interest in this was
the concept of OpenDoc and especially Cyberdog as "Geodesic" software,
which was the topic of another rant, which turned into an article, which
got me here at the Cyberdog kitchen.
More to the point, my interest in parts comes from the ease with which
one could do financial cryptography, and how developers of cyberdog
parts could sell them on the net, preferably on a direct-to-the-customer
basis, and for cash -- anonymous, of course;-). I had managed to get a
"seat", a Mac, in other words, so that someone who actually was
crypto-code-clueful could come in, and at least get up to speed on
Cyberdog, and go play with it elsewhere.
"Elsewhere", because of the ITARs of course. It seems that there were
foriegn nationals in the room, Apple legal was more than a little bit
concerned that something would be misconstrued somewhere in the bowels
of Blair House. Also, there's the interesting problem of crypto-hooks as
tanamount to crypto itself. I talked to more than one developer who
thought he had skirted the ITAR issue all together, just by leaving
crypto APIs there for other people to use.  We had fun telling them all
about just how hard their tax dollars were working *against* them in
this regard.
Anyway, all this "elsewhere" stuff was just fine, because the person I
*could* get on such short notice, who was both crypto and OpenDoc
capable, was Dave Del Torto, who could only show up for one day.
However, in Dave I got cluefulness personified. Dave has done work for
Qualcomm on Eudora, Digicash on ecash, and was under NDA to Apple for
OpenDoc and Cyberdog already, and in addition, going to try to walk in
with what there was of the PGP 3.0 code. Also, there were at least two
well-respected Mac.Cypherpunks there working on code for their
respective employers, not to mention several crypto/e$ people from
Apple, all of whom were personally interested, and who will remain
nameless. I was pumped.
Playing around with the demo internet parts that Apple provided for
Cyberdog was fun. Rather than a monolithic application like Netscape
loading up when you start up a cyberdog part, you start up the part
itself, and nothing else. When your browser needs mail it calls your
mail part. When your newsreader needs to browse it calls your browser
part. Of course, they can all call crypto or e$ parts as they need to.
There's a history part that records where you were and what you did in
URLs, and there's a notebook part you can stick URLs into if you want to
keep them.
The coolest ah, part, about all of this is that every one of these parts
can be interchanged. It's also easy to see that if something gets
popular like web-browsing, and people keep adding features to browsers,
someone can come along and sell parts that do those features better than
the browser itself can do, like bookmark management, for instance, and
sell them separately. Feature creap dies in its tracks.  This process is
exactly the kind of "surfactant" effect that I had observed with the
internet, which dissolves information into more and more dispersed
pieces, and which had gotten me into all this trouble in the first place
with the rant and the InfoWorld article.
Couple this with the potential for geodesic markets on the net with e$,
particularly with digital cash an micropayment schemes, and I thought I
had something to say to these folks, which is why I was brought here to
speak here in the first place. In an auditorium. With cameras and lights
and videotape. And an audience with 200 people in it. As I had never
actually done this before, I was feeling a little like Dustin Hoffman in
"Rain Man": "V-E-R-N, Vern..."
So, along about noon, we jump back into Vinnie's assault vehicle (by
granola-land standards, anyway) and we go to said auditorium, called
"Town Hall". There, I spoke about, according to my notes,  the books "Out of Control", and "Applied Cryptography", The rise
of the pyramid paradigm, Bucky (Fuller) and Pete (Huber), The net as a
geodesic and information surfactant, OpenDoc as geodesic software and
code surfactant, cypherpunks, strong cryptography, anonymity,the four
hoursemen, digital cash and digital bearer certificates, chaotic
capital, Financial Cryptography for Dogs (Teaching Cyberdog to send you
money in the mail), and of couse, Dissolving the entire status quo into
a cloud of self organized chaos. All of which took 45 minutes of the hour and a half I was allotted.
Fortunately, about 15 minutes into the Q&A period, I was rescued by Eric
Hughes, who showed up with black cowboy hat (which is how you identify
those "black hat" cryptographers, I'm told), to answer all the hard
stuff. I was greatly pleased, not only to get bailed out, but also to
meet Eric, who I'd only talked to on the net until a week before, when
we had had an actual phone call to get his appearance here arranged.
Probably the most interesting thing for me was watching Eric handle the
guilty titters the audience got when he talked about the profit one gets
from money laundering. "It's immensely liberating when thinking about
this stuff to think like an illegal operative", he said. Meaning to me,
of course, that you're not trying to break the law, but that you're
trying to think about how markets work in their, er, extra-legal,
unregulated form. Since a very large part of financial cryptography is
about how to prevent being cheated in an on-line transaction without
recourse to the law and eventually physical force, Eric's spot-on about
Another thing he said that got me to thinking was that the "foregone
alternative", or opportunity cost of removing advertizing is equivalent
to the amount someone spends on sending you advertising. If, for
instance, an advertiser spends $1 to spam your mailbox, it's probably
going to have to be worth at least 1$ for you to block him.
After my talk, Eric, Sameer (also in a black hat) and I were asked into
a what turned to be a brainstorming session with several people from
Apple and other places, who pumped us (mostly Eric, of course) about how
best to implement digital signatures as quickly and securely as possible
in the Mac OS, given that Apple's RSA-signatures-in-Powertalk idea isn't
getting very far. Maybe something will come of it, maybe not. Hope so.
After that, I went back to the Cyberdog Kitchen with Vinnie, where we
met Dave Del Torto. Dave and Vinnie thrashed Cyberdog, and I schmoozed
people and thrashed e$pam until dinner. After dinner, I went home to
Vinnie's and crashed at the ungodly hour of 8:30.
I wake up at 6:30 this time, and, checking the bank, find out that a
wire from one of my sponsors for the e$ lists has arrived. Happy, Happy,
Joy, Joy. That makes two, and I'm looking for 2 more for the time being,
so send me e-mail, if you're interested, or check the web page at
 for more details.
Speaking of poor thumper, we upgraded the web software to WebStar, but
the problem now is the list server, running on some freeware called
MacJordomo, which works for normal applications, but was giving us fits,
and crashing the server with annoying regularity. Vinnie got it
rebooted, and we made an appointment to go see thumper for some surgery
on Sunday afternoon up in Walnut Creek.
Vinnie and I pile into his truck, almost accidentally monster-truck
ourselves over someone with a no-fur vanity plate whose Tercel stops too
suddenly, and went to his office so he could get caught up a little bit,
after the obligatory triple espresso caffiene stack and vegetarian's
worst nightmare for breakfast. Vinnie says something about this being an
anabolic diet that weightlifters use. Actually, I started this about a
month ago, and it works so far. I've lost about 25 lbs, and have only
165 to go...
Vinnie, in his role as "Bob-handler", has negotiated a slot on the
speaking schedule at the Cyberdog kitchen so I can rant at the people I
came here to pay attention to in the first place, the people coding
dog-parts... Yes, there's a joke, and I'll tell it later.
So, I give a more Cyberdog-specific version of yesterday's talk for
those who missed it. I got assisted from the aforementioned Cyberdog
cypherpunks (Cypherdogs?... Nah...) on the uh, hard parts... The most
important thing I tried to get across was the idea of parts paying their
authors by mail. A part asks for money to be sent to the author, who
sends the part a signed operating certificate, which enables the part to
After lunch, Vinnie and I get on the road for San Francisco, stopping
first for a pair of Lee Oskar harmonicas, in the key of A. I decide it's
time to teach Vinnie how to play cross-harp. So I teach him how to bend
a few notes while telling him about how I used to walk home from
Fidelity in Boston wearing my blue suit, red tie, white shirt, and
wingtips, walking into the sun, so I needed sunglasses, smoking a 45
minute Macanudo baseball bat, because I had enough time to smoke it, and
playing blues harp, because I could, and the walk was boring...
We're going to see a friend, who will also remain nameless for the time
being, and who has just set up shop on Market street. After swearing me
to secrecy, and swearing Vinnie to enforce my secrecy (good move that,
swear Vinnie to anything, and it happens), they tell all about what
they're up to, and it's big.  Very big. The more I think about it, the
bigger it gets, until fiinally I force myself to look out of the eighth
floor conference-room window, and down Market Street. Sure enough,
lumbering up from the waterfront is the Sta-Puff Marshmallow Man,
straight out of Ghost Busters. I shake my head, and it goes away...
So our friend and some of his friends go to a hotel lobby, where Vinnie
gets to smoke a Cohiba for the first time, and then on to "Stars" for
dinner, and then home to sleep in Vinnie's living room. Bizzarre dreams
about the Marshmallow Man, drinking triple-espresso-in-black-coffee...
The last day of the CyberDog Kitchen.
People are rushing around to finish their demo Cyberdog parts before
show and tell this afternoon.
I thrash e$pam some more, and meet with Stephen Humphrey, a contractor
to Apple from Salt Lake City, who's writing a book on OpenDoc, and who
seemed to be Apple's front-line code resource person at the kitchen. We
talked about possible payment APIs for Cyberdog, and his forthcoming
book, which I'm writing the preface for, for which he's going to pay me
a few bucks in Mark Twain Bank's ecash, just so we can say we did it.
I also talked Steven Roussey, of PartMerchant. He's developing a server
which will sell OpenDoc parts on the net directly to Cyberdog users as
they need them, and he's going to settle his transactions in ecash,
among other things. It turns out, he *is* writing a payment API for
Cyberdog, so that a part can hold the user up for money at periodic
intervals and send it to the developer, through PartMerchant initially,
but certainly in the long run, developers with permanent net presences
can use this same API to collect their revenues directly. To me, that
means a rather interesting scenario where copyrights and patents matter
much less because developers get paid for the code which is being
*used*, eventually maybe at runtime, and certainly at periodic
intervals, or at a flat rate, or whatever the market will bear. I
thanked him for all his efforts. Effusively.
After lunch, it was time to do a "show-and-tell" of the Cyberdog parts
that people had built in the past three days.
People had done all sorts of stuff, including various tweaks on the
reference Cyberdog parts to see if it could be done. The most important
thing for me was seeing Java run in an OpenDoc part. This meant several
things to me. The first is that I keep getting people telling me that
Java and OpenDoc are competitors. Quite obviously, that is not the case.
Java can run in any container, including OpenDoc containers. It also
means that if competition for Java comes along, OpenDoc can run that,
too. This also means that the need for monolithic applications to run
Java, like Netscape, or any wild fantasy of Microsoft, is nonexistant.
This becomes important because Macromind has a Java-equivalent, and it
proves that others will follow. Just download a part on the fly from the
PartMerchant, and you can run those scripting languages too.
To me, the whole idea of economies of scale  gets turned on its head in
this kind of "geodesic" environment. If someone likes Java, they can
write something better, and someone else will write a Cyberdog part to
handle it. If someone likes that part, they can write a better one, and
so on. This Darwinian, er, dog-eat-dog world can only lower software
prices, and make better software. The people who benefit are the small
developers, because they move, and can get paid, faster.
I look at Apple like the US in the early 19th century, letting people
homestead on the land by giving it to the people who develop it. Lincoln
had to do nothing but give away rights of way to the railroads to make a
transcontinental line a reality. Apple licences OpenDoc to developers as
cheaply as possible, maybe giving it away as much as possible, and all
these developers make Macs the platform of choice on the net, selling
more Macs and Mac-clones in the process, just like the homesteaders made
the land they moved onto more valuable, and eventually taxable. Only
this time, there is no pristine wilderness or native americans to abuse.
Finally the dog-part joke. Someone, riffing on the BBEdit "It doesn't
suck" slogan said, "Cyberdog doesn't suck..." and someone in the crowd
finished the sentence with  "...it licks!", and someone else said,
"Because it can!". And then there was a massive "EEEEWWWWWWW" from
everyone else...
Now *that* was disgusting... Oh, well, they'd been working from 8 AM to
midnight plus for 2 days...
After the show and tell was over, the kitchen was over, but Vinnie and I
hung around for a while as people were packing up all the Macs Apple
provided for the kitchen. While chatting with some of the OpenDoc
evangelists, we talked about how OpenDoc, just like the net, was just
like this vast unexplored territory. I said that Lincoln built the
transcontinental rail road with  -- and the woman who was the division
head for all the OpenDoc evangelists finished my sentence and said "land
grants!" with the strangest smile on her face. I think I connected
After that, Vinnie and I packed up and went over to his office, hung out
there while Vinnie did some of his own work, and then went out for
dinner with a bunch of DTS people.
I wake up at a normal time. Vinnie and I go out to Gold's gym and thrash
weights with his buddy Ray from DTS, who's been working for Apple for 14
years and is, pound for pound, about the strongest guy I've ever seen.
After breakfast, the purchase of two boxes of Macanudo "Prince Phillip"
cigars, a visit to Rochester Big & Tall, and renting a tux for Vinnie
for the Apple Christmas party, we pick up Cynthia, who's Vinnie's
friend, and who, in addition to building the Apple OpenDoc website,
helped Vinnie clang trashcan lids together to get people into the
audience for my talk on Wednesday, not to mention asking pertainent
NetGAK questions of Eric during the talk itself.
Vinnie, Cynthia and I pile into her car and head out to a cypherpunks
party somewhere in the hills near Los Gatos. After missing the turnoff
twice in both directions, we finally arrive at a geodesic dome. Not
missing the irony of this, having just given a talk at Apple on
"Geodesic Software and Financial Cryptography for Dogs" I have to laugh
a bit.
This is an honest-to-goodness, straight out of the Whole-Earth Domebook,
back to the land, llamas-and-all geodesic dome, complete with naked
hippies in the hot tub. I come to the conclusion that this is going to
be a great party, even if I only know people from what they've written
on cypherpunks. I saw Sameer and Sandy Sandfort, who I had met earlier
in the week, and Eric, of course, who was holding court with Roger
Schlafly about patent esoterica when I came in. I saw Raph Levien, and
the guy (sorry, can't remember all names) who was working on PGP3, who
had a single paper copy of the PGP3 API to pass around, and Eric
peppered him uncomfortably with interface call questions, ending most of
Mr. PGP3's answers with "Oh, well, we'll wait until it's released, and
then we'll deal with it",  that is until someone let it be known that
the hot tub was in fact open for business. At that, Eric fairly
scampered out of there for the back porch, where the tub was.
A little later on, after I was introduced to "the guy who wrote the game
Gorp", who did something much more important later but I can't remember
what, I had fun just sitting there in a denim bean-bag chair, looking up
at the dome's ceiling, listening to people rant crypto for a while, with
Cynthia noticed that, besides broad-brimmed black hats, cryptographers
all have these Tolkein-wizard pointy goatees. Made me glad my attempts
at facial fur had been constantly interrupted by the need to "clean up
for company", me not being a real cryptographer and all...
One of the people I met was Mr. Weinstein from Netscape. We chatted for
a while, and I told him that he had probably won this year's Black Rhino
Ammunition Inc. "Mr. Kevlar" award for his service in the cause of
cypherpunkdom. He laughed. I didn't tell him that Black Rhino Ammunition
was a fictional company dreamed up by the gun lobby to get a rise out of
the Clinton administration, and that the Clinton administration had
risen so much that they had banned the fictional company's fictional
Kevlar-penetrating bullets... That, of course, was off-topic. ;-).
Vinnie broke out one of the boxes of baseball-bat-sized Macanudos, and
we proceeded to hang out on the back porch ourselves, killing insects
and gagging llamas with tobacco fumes. I offered some to the naked
hippies in the hot-tub, but they had better things to do than to stand
wet and naked on a cold back porch smoking cigars. Eventually Vinnie and
I were joined by three or four others, and their various frowning
spousal and virtual-spousal units. A good time was had by all, albeit a
little on the cold side, until Vinnie looks at my watch (Vinnie doesn't
wear a watch) and says "Oops. Time for the next party", and I went in to
get my Mac from behind the chair Eric was sitting in before he cornered
Mr. PGP3 and then galloped off to the hot tub.
This chair now had another guy sitting in it, and, as I had been doing
all evening,  I introduced myself, by way of retrieving my Powerbook. It
was Tim May.
I laughed, and shook his hand goodbye, which must have puzzled him a
bit, got my Mac from behind him, and split.  Tim May looks much
different in person than he does on the net. On the net, he's this
short, skinny-but-muscular, pushy guy with no beard who looks too young
for his age. In person, he's exactly the opposite on all counts. Gooo
We headed into San Jose and the house of one of three people at Apple
with the title of "Scientist". The guy who answered the door looked like
a biker. Actually, he was a biker, colors and all. He was also the
"Scientist", who had just achieved that apellation by working up through
the ranks from Vinnie's department, Developer Technical Support. A very
smart guy with an amazing collection of CDs (including the entire
DiMeola canon), early 60's Dodges and Ramblers, guitars (including a
1959 Stratocaster), and, of course, Harleys. He also had a very hairy
persian cat, named Freddy, and whose full name wouldn't surprise me if
it was "Fat Freddy" of Fabulous Furry Freak Brothers fame...
So, after the birthday party's birthday person opened all her gifts,
Vinnie and Cynthia and I took off, leaving the remaining Macanudos
behind for our esteemed host. We expect his outside smoke breaks on the
Apple campus to take on the order of 45 minutes, while the cigars last,
Today's mission was to go to Walnut Creek, where both my in-laws and the
beleagered e$ server thumper lives.
After we had breakfast with Jeff, of hard-drive durability test fame,
who gave me all his old PowerBook 100-series batteries and chargers,
Vinnie and I went up to Walnut Creek. We had lunch with my
brother-in-law and nephew, who gave me warm regards from most of my
other in-laws, who all came down with the flu that week, ;-), exchanged
Christmas gifts right there in the Buttercup Diner, and then went on to
the AG Group, where thumper lives.
The AG group makes network monitoring software like Etherpeek and
Skyline, and one of Vinnie's friends, a founder there, had let us hang
thumper off of their internet feed. After thanking him for letting us
in, and for putting thumper up for the duration, and hearing *him* thank
his lucky stars he wasn't parasailing on Mt. Diablo this afternoon --
where the winds had just piped up to 70 mph -- we went into AG Group's
machine room and began to perform brain surgery on thumper. Thumper, who
started life as a Quadra 950 running httpd and Macjordomo, is now a
PowerMac 8100 running WebStar and, soon, ListStar. We munge around on it
remotely with Timbuktu, and, since we were having so much trouble
between AIMS and MacJordomo, we're going to drop in AutoBoot so we won't
have to have someone manually restart it for us.
We brought up ListStar, and, deciding that it was way too much work to
do that afternoon, brought it back down to prototype the e$ lists
remotely and then upload them later. So now, we're waiting for a break
in schedule so that we can do just that, sometime this week. I hope.
So, we went back to Vinnie's house, by way of Fry's to pick up a battery
brick, and Warehouse, to get the videos "The Decline of Western
Civilization", and "Dazed and Confused".  It seems that Vinnie wanted to
relive his lost youth on both counts. Cynthia came over, and she, Jim
(who's Vinnie's roomate), Vinnie and I ate pizza and watch Vinnie
fast-forward through most of "Decline", except for watching the "Fear"
segment twice, and then we actually watched all of "Dazed", which put a
lump in my throat, seeing as I was Lafayette HS, '77, and in Vinnie's
too, as he was Boston Latin '78. It seems this movie has cult status.
Has nostalgia arrived for 70's dopers and acid casualties? It seems to
have happened...
After that, I thrashed e$pam and went to bed.
Vinnie had to help with the Open Transport kitchen. I hung with Cynthia
for a while, and then we went down to the cafeteria, and met Guy
Kawasaki getting his breakfast. Cynthia introduced me to him, and he
gave me a "why should I know you?" look, but I did get to shake the
man's hand, which means now I never have to wash it. Ewwwwwww.
Finally, we went back to the Open Transport kitchen where Vinnie was
working, said bye to Vinnie, and Cynthia took me to the airport, put me
on the plane, and, as soon as we leveled off, I started writing this on
shipwright.com. The battery brick works great.
When I got home, I asked my wife how church was that morning. She said,
"Bob, it's Monday." Oh. Right. It's Monday...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-17 17:51:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Showdown over e-cash 
X-Sender: dmk
Take a look at the article by that title at
        It's a provocative and rather breathless account of the forthcoming demise
of banks as we know them, brought on by electronic transactions.
Dave Kristol
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-19 02:43:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) the anonymizer (Mac Anonymous Web Proxy?) 
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-19 05:07:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fwd: Results of Internet Protest 
Apparently-To: Received:    12/18  8:18 AM
Sender: jfried (John Friedlander)
     CAMPAIGN TO STOP THE NET CENSORSHIP LEGISLATION IN CONGRESS
     THE NET ROCKS AMERICA'S CAPITOL - NEARLY 20,000 PARTICIPANTS
                    THURSDAY DECEMBER 14, 1995
            SENATE CONFEREES COULD STILL VOTE THIS WEEK
        RALLIES HAPPENING IN AUSTIN, NEW YORK, SF, & SEATTLE
      PLEASE WIDELY REDISTRIBUTE THIS DOCUMENT WITH THIS BANNER INTACT
                REDISTRIBUTE ONLY UNTIL December 25, 1995
RECAP: INTERNET DAY OF PROTEST:  TUESDAY DECEMBER 12, 1995
The net came into its own as a political force on Tuesday.  The
press release has more details.  If you haven't taken a moment to
call, fax, or email, do so now.  We're still keeping track and only
need a few more to break 20,000.
VTW had someone onhand in DC monitoring the response at the Congressional
offices.  The feedback was amazing; Congress got the message.  We need to
sustain that by continuing to tell them we're not happy with the options
being offered to us at this time.
Directions for calling Congress can still be found at and the many other sites listed at the end of this message.  Take a moment
to call!  Don't forget to mail us a note at protest to let us
know you took part in the Day Of Protest (and Day 2, and Day 3, and Day
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE                             December 13, 1995
                                            Contact:  Steven Cherry
                                                     (718) 596-2851
                                                        stc
                                                     Shabbir Safdar
                                                     (718) 596-2851
                                                    shabbir
New York, NY
Are 20,000 phone calls a lot? 30,000? 50,000? They are if you're one of a
handful of Congressional staffers trying to field them. Tuesday, December
12th was the Internet's Day of Protest. A variety of net-activists and
telecommunications-related services exhorted the on-line community to call
a selected group of Senators and Representatives to declare their
opposition to the threat of Internet censorship. And call they did.
As the Senate members of the Telecommunications Reform conference
committee contemplated portions of legislation that would censor
"indecent" material on-line, their staffers were being overwhelmed with
phone calls. Senator Inouye's office said they were "getting lots and lots
of calls and faxes." Senator Lott's said they were "flooded with calls."
At Senator Stevens' office there were so many calls they couldn't keep
a complete tally.
At Senator Exon's office, the fax machine was "backed up."  And at one
point, activists couldn't even get through to Senator Gorton's office to
ask. Exon is the Senator whose Communications Decency Act started the
nearly year-long struggle between those who would create special
regulations to restrict speech on-line (even, in certain instances,
private email between two individuals) to a greater extent than even
traditional broadcast media; regulations that, according to the ACLU and
many other civil liberties groups, will certainly be proven to be
unconstitutional if passed into law.
"We've never seen anything like it," said Stanton McCandish of the
Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF). The EFF is one member of the on-line
coalition that has been fighting an array of censorship legislation since
this spring, when Senator Exon introduced his Communications Decency Act.
"We may have almost overwhelmed our provider," said Shabbir Safdar, head
of Voter's Telecommunications Watch (VTW). VTW is the organization that
organized the on-line coalition. Their on-line connectivity is provided by
Panix.com, a New York-area Internet service provider. "Panix has been
doing some maintenance work today, so it's hard to tell," Safdar
continued. "But we think it's actually made a dent in their connection
to the rest of the Net."
How many calls were actually made? No one can tell. For Leslie Miller, a
reporter for USA Today, it took much of the afternoon to get some counts
from Congressional staffers, and she couldn't get any report from the
Senate's Sergeant-At-Arms, the office nominally responsible for the
Senate's telephone system. VTW may be the only organization that can
really make an educated guess.
"In our Alerts we ask that people drop us an email note after they call,"
explained VTW board member Steven Cherry. "The message count peaked in the
late afternoon at over 70 per minute. Many of those were from people who
called several offices. By 7:30 P.M. (EST) we had gotten 14,000 messages.
By Wednesday morning the count was over 18,000. And of course there are
the people who called but didn't send us email. So all told, our very
rough guess is there were well over 50,000 phone calls and faxes made on
the one day."
"The Net is coming of age, politically," said Jerry Berman, Director of
the Center for Democracy and Technology (CDT), another member of the
on-line coalition. Safdar, of VTW, concurred, saying, "I think Washington
got the message today that there's a new grass-roots interest group
around, and we're going to be a big part of the 1996 elections." (VTW's
initial election activities can be found at In addition to the Day of Protest, rallies are scheduled on Thursday,
December 14th, in San Francisco and Seattle, and a protest will be held
that day at 2:00 in New York City.
The New York rally will be at the Cyber-Cafe, 273A Lafayette St from 2-3pm
on Thursday, Dec 14th.  Contact Steven Cherry or Shabbir J. Safdar for
The Austin rally is planned for Tue. Dec 19th.  No more information is
available at this time.
Information about the San Francisco rally can be obtained from
Information about the Seattle rally can be obtained from
Voters Telecommunications Watch is a volunteer organization, concentrating
on legislation as it relates to telecommunications and civil liberties.
VTW publishes a weekly BillWatch that tracks relevant legislation as it
progresses through Congress. It publishes periodic Alerts to inform the
about immediate action it can take to protect its on-line civil liberties
and privacy.
More information about VTW can be found on-line at
  gopher -p 1/vtw gopher.panix.com
  www: or by writing to vtw The press can call (718) 596-2851 or
   Shabbir Safdar         Steven Cherry
   shabbir        stc
WHERE CAN I LEARN MORE?
At this moment, there are several organizations with WWW sites that now
have, or will have, information about the net censorship legislation and
the National Day Of Protest:
American Civil Liberties Union (ftp://ftp.aclu.org/aclu/)
Center for Democracy and Technology (
Electronic Frontier Foundation (
Electronic Privacy Information Center (
Wired Magazine (
Voters Telecommunications Watch ( or finger
        End Alert
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-20 01:05:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Economics of Digital Money. 
Sender: owner-ecash
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: ecash
        The Economics of Digital Commerce: An analysis of
        Digital Cash, ElectronicFund Transfers, and eCash
By: Patiwat Panurach
Faculty of Economics
Thammasat University
Bangkok, Thailand
The extraordinary growth of international interconnected computer networks
and the pervasive trend of commerce to utilize these networks as a new field
for there operations has catalyzed the demand for new methods of payments.
These new methods must attain unprecedented levels of security, speed,
privacy, decentralization, and internationalization for digital commerce
to be
accepted by both consumers and entrepreneurs.
This paper seeks to analyze 3 such methods of electronic payments.  First shall
be the generic type of electronic fund transfer that is widely in use.  Second,
the ongoing proposals for an open digital cash standard.  Lastly is a real
world technology currently in implementation called eCash.  These 3 methods
are examined in terms of the dynamics of transaction clearance, the effects on
money supply and the macroeconomy, there classification in terms of money
or cash, and the comparative viewpoints of monetary authorities, financial
institutions, and consumers.  This paper will not attempt to go into detail on
the myriad of encryption systems, protocols, algorithms and other technical
matters concerning the new systems.  These are all secondary aspects of
electronic payment.   As there basis, electronic payment systems are simply
logical evolutionary steps that began  with the realization of the limits of
barter.  The need to pay for  transactions is the root of all electronic
The first method of electronic payments that shall be examined  has been in use
for a relatively long time.  It is the electronic checking system.  For many,
Electronic Checking and Electronic Payment are the same thing, although
this is not always so.  Electronic Checking simply uses the  existing banking
structure to its fullest potential by eliminating paper checks.  Electronic
Checking is an extremely varied system.  Some examples of it include
... paying for university fees via ATM card
... paying telephone bills via monthly bank account deductions
... large value overseas fund transfers
Conceptually, Electronic Checking, and almost all Electronic Payments,
involves 3 agents1:
1. buyer
2. seller
3. intermediary
The buyer initiates a transaction with the seller and the seller demands
payment.  The buyer then obtains a unique certification of payment (physically
called a check) from the intermediary.  This debits the buyer's account with
the intermediary The buyer then gives the certification to the seller and the
seller gives the certification to the intermediary.  This credits  the seller's
account with the intermediary.
Schematically, this is a conventional checking transaction.  But when it is
conducted electronically, the certification is an electronic  flow that is
documented by the intermediary.  Most important, the  attainment of the
certification, the transfer of the certification, and  the debiting and
crediting of
the accounts occurs instantaneously. If the buyer and seller don't use the same
intermediary, some standardized  clearing house system  between
intermediaries is usually used.
Since electronic checking is essentially checking, it can be analyzed as
checking.  Payments made via electronic checking would be conducted outside
of cash and paper.  Instead of sending a check or paying at a counter, the
buyer would initiate an electronic checking certification.  If this is done
as a
substitute for paying in cash, electronic checking could susbstantually reduce
the transactions demand for money.  In essence, this is not electronic checking
but electronic cash.  But if it is a substitute for conventional checking,
it would
just increase the speed of the transaction.  From the economic standpoint,
is no difference in the dynamics of the checking process from normal checks
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-20 00:30:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Economics of Digital Money. (part 2) 
Sender: owner-ecash
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: ecash
        The Economics of Digital Commerce: An analysis of
        Digital Cash, ElectronicFund Transfers, and eCash
(the second part wasn't included for some reason)
The advantages of Electronic Checking over paper checks include
... Savings of time.  The instantaneous updating of account balances allows all
the financial players a greater deal of financial flexibility.  There is no
clearing period for transactions to be finished.  This allows large cost
reductions and more opportunities in cases of large-sum arbitration, and
allows even pedestrian players to have a great deal of financial freedom.
Also considerable is the savings in time.  Checks no longer have to be
cashed  and purchased at bank branches.
... Reduction in paper handling costs2.  Universities are not overwhelmed with
paper  checks at the beginning of each term; banks aren't faced with
unmanageable  lines of people at every payday; governments don't need
large check  printing and mailing facilities; fewer trees are sacrificed.
... No bounced checks.  Being simultaneous, the receiving of the certification
and the debiting and crediting of the accounts assures that no certification
can be made without having funds to back it up.  This  could be done
through an automatic check of account status before the  certification is
issued.  This is similar to the checking of the credit  limit before credit
card transactions are finalized.
... Flexibility.  Electronic checking is an extremely broad and generic
field.  It is used, in some form or the other, worldwide.  Nearly all
types of transactions can be conducted by using electronic checking.
Electronic checking bypasses the physical weaknesses of physical checks.
But it is still, in its essence, a check.  A critical weakness of this is
privacy.  All transactions must pass through the banking system3.
Furthermore, the banking system is obligated to document the details of
every transaction that passes through it.  What is to prevent the bank
from selling or leaking such information to others?  This precludes a
possible infraction of personal civil liberties.  Such was the case of
Winai La-onsuwan, the man who was formally known as the monk Yantra.  His
illicit adventures in an Australian brothel were documented via American
Express receipts4, and such evidence was critical in defrocking him.  An
even more frightening scenario would be if governments would demand access
or control over the electronic checking, or over electronic checking
records.  What would permit them from instantly forbidding, say, a
pregnant woman from buying cigarettes?  Electronic checking systems could
conceivably be a tool of "Big Brother" in gaining control over individual
lives.  As payment systems using electronic checking become more
pervasive, is it necessary sacrifice the privacy and undocumentability of
Many feel5 that cash also has a role as an electronic payments system.  Such a
"digital cash" (as it is called by many adherents) would have  to have the
essential characteristics6 of cash from the consumers perspective:
... Anonymity.  The buyer pays the seller.  Nobody, except the seller knows
the  identity of the buyer or the details of the transaction.  In cases were
the buyer uses a sufficiently sophisticated pseudonym system, not even the
seller knows the identity of the buyer.  Besides those of the 2 agents,  there
is no record of the transaction taking place.  The certification of payment is
the payment.  There is no transfer between accounts that banks could
analyze to discern the exact flow of funds.
... Liquidity.  Digital Cash must potentially be accepted by all concerned
economic agents as a method of payments.  For example, in the Global
Internet, the largest meta-network in existence, this would involve a
significant proportion of internet merchants accepting a digital cash, if it is
to be more than an electronic play-money.  In many pilot projects, there
must be a large threshold of affiliated merchants that are willing to
participate in accepting digital payment for the system to be successful.
On the institutional side, digital cash holds many advantages over
existing fiat money (cash).  These mainly involve the physical weaknesses
of cash.  First, Cash is highly risky to robbers.  Cash must be kept in
secure vaults and be guarded by security guards.  The more cash is held,
the greater the potential risk is.  Secondly, cash has high transport
costs.  Because physical mass is proportional with the amount of cash
held, large amounts of cash are difficult to store.  It has been estimated
that money handling costs of transporting cash in the US amount to over 60
billion US$ a year7.  Lastly, the advent of high- quality color copiers
and counterfeiting methods8 make government stores of cash insecure.  It
has been rumored that the United States Government waged economic warfare
against Iraq during the Persian Gulf War by flooding the country with
expertly counterfeited cash9.
Digital Cash could conceivably have many forms.  These might include:
... Prepaid Cards.  Buyers could buy prepaid cards that will be accepted by
special sellers.  For example, phone cards act as surrogates for coins in the
payment of public phones.  The weakness of phone cards as digital cash is
in the liquidity of the medium: no one would accept a 100 Baht phone card
for the payment of a meal.  Electronic road toll payment systems also
suffer from the same weakness.  Recent pilot projects conducted in
Australia by VISA show more promise.  Prepaid and rechargeable cards
are accepted at the point-of-sale  of a variety of merchants.  Furthermore,
to increase the systems acceptability, the cost of point of sale terminals is
subsidized by VISA.  It is now possible to pay for a beer at the bar and a
hotel bill with the same card10.  Proposals for incorporating cash functions
into multipurpose smart cards have been announced by the EMV
(Europay, Mastercard, Visa) consortium11.  This would allow many
functions like SIMM, ATM, encryption/decryption, and digital cash to be
fitted onto a single card.
... Purely Electronic Systems.  Purely electronic digital cash would be devoid
of physical form.  This would make it useful for network and internetwork
transactions where the buyer and seller are physically apart.  The payment
would take place by electronically deduction of digital cash from the buyer
and sending it to the seller.  The actual transfer of digital is usually
encrypted so that only the intended recipient (the seller) could make use of
the cash.  However, methods of anonymity and security must be in place,
as to not turn fully electronic systems into electronic checkings systems.
In all its forms, digital cash is not always cash.  If, say, a financial
institution were to issue the digital cash, the creation of digital cash
could simply be considered a withdrawal from that financial institution.
Similarly, the financial institution would be obliged to credit user
accounts for deposits of digital cash.  The digital cash would not have to
have any real funds to back it, other than any legal reserve limit for the
original deposits.  Digital cash could just be considered as cash on
calculations of money supply.
M1=             1+ Currency/Deposits                     X             MB
           LRR+ (Currency/Deposits) + (Excess reserves/Deposits)
when Currency encapsulates cash, coins, and digital cash.
Withdrawing digital cash reduces the amount of deposits that the financial
institution could use to extend loans, thus reducing any dynamic effects money
creation effects upon M1.
If, on the other hand, a non-financial firm were to issue digital cash, it
would simply be a purchase of 1 unit of digital-cash with 1 unit of
physical-cash.  It could only be backed up by the willingness of merchants
in accepting digital cash as a unit of payments.  This second type of
digital cash is inherently riskier for the consumer than the former.  It
is actually more analogous with coupons than with cash.  Furthermore,
redeeming paper cash for privately issued digital cash does not effect any
transformation upon the monetary conditions of the economy.  Buying this
type of digital cash does not affect the money creation process; there is
no decrease in the economys loan creation capacity.
After considering the conceptual and theoretical aspects of electronic
checking and cash, it is now time to look at a real world example of
electronic payments: eCash is an open standard12 electronic payments
system developed by the Digicash Company and currently the being
implemented by the Mark Twain Bank of Missouri, USA.  Conceptually, eCash
is a type of digital cash, offering high levels of privacy and security.
Its current implementation by the Mark Twain Bank is not exclusive - any
bank licensing Digicashs eCash protocol could become an intermediary in
the eCash scheme.
To undertake transactions13, both buyer and seller would have to have deposits
in the WorldCurrency Access accounts of the Mark Twain Bank.
WorldCurrency Access accounts are claimed to be conventional money
market accounts14; however, they do not pay interest nor have a fixed maturity
period but are insured by the FDIC.  The buyer must instruct the Mark Twain
Bank to transfer funds from his WorldCurrency Access account into his
eCash Mint.  This Mint is a personal buffer account.  Funds in the Mint are
no longer deposits of the bank, and they are not insured.  At any time, the
buyer can order his computer to remotely interface with his Mint and withdraw
funds from the Mint into the buyers hard disk drive on the buyers personal
computer.    The format of the funds is now completely electronic: a series of
zeros and ones that is cryptographically secure and unique.  It might be useful
to consider the funds in the Mint and in the buyers hard disk as being
electronic in an electronic wallet.
To make the payment, the buyer encrypts the appropriate amount of eCash
with a suitably secure encryption protocol15 and sends the eCash to the
seller.  The eCash can be sent to the seller by any data communications
medium, e.g., email, ftp, shttp.  Ironically, eCash can even be saved onto
a disk, and the disk sent to the seller.  Or it can be printed out onto
paper, and the printed copy sent to the seller.  The seller receives the
eCash and after decryptizing it, stores it into his computer.  This can
then be sent to the Mint, and transferred into the sellers WorldCurrency
Access account.  The net result is a decrease in the buyers funds and an
increase in the sellers.
eCash is private: although the Mark Twain Bank will have records for each
eCash withdrawal and deposit16, it is impossible (mathematically
impossible17, not just computationally difficult or improbable) to trace
any subsequent uses of that eCash.  If the users hard disk drive should
crash, the eCash is lost forever18.  But although eCash is purely
electronic, and can easily be copied, it is impossible (again,
mathematically impossible, by the explicit design of the eCash protocol
specification) to use any eCash twice19.
Given its nature, eCash must be considered to be cash from the monetary
standpoint.  eCash withdrawals from the users account are leakages from the
money creation process, in the same way that cash withdrawals are.  If a users
WorldCurrency Access account had $100 in it, and $50 was withdrawn as
eCash, only $50 (minus any legal reserve limit and excess reserve) could be
lent out to others.  Conversely, a $50 eCash deposit would give the Mark
Twain Bank $50 (again, minus any legal reserve limit and excess reserves) to
lend out.
Now let us examine some common tendencies of all types of electronic
payment.  First is the long term trend to increase velocity of money flow
in the economy.  As the growth of the credit card industry (actually a
subset of electronic funds transfer) has shown us, increased convenience
of payment is a large factor in increasing the number of payments made.
As electronic payments become more widespread for the consumer, we might
expect a similar long term trends of increased price level and output
through velocity.  Also, the disembodiment of cash also tends to give
illusions as to its value.  Transforming money from bills in your wallet
into charged electrons in you hard disk is probably a greater
abstractative leap than the transformation from gold coins to fiat
currency.  As another evolutionary step in the development of money, we
might expect consumers to reexamine there conceptions of money, cash, and
value.  Another significant impact has stemmed out of research into the
root of interest gaps in the money market.  Citicorp has claimed that
around 2/5 of the interest charged on a consumer finance loan is in branch
delivery and management costs.  This cost could be reduced substantially
with increased adoption of electronic means of payments.  It has been
estimated that the interest differentials in the money market could be
drastically reduced with adoption.
After examining these three electronic payments systems and there impacts,
it should be noted that no single system is best.  Which system is
adopted depends largely on the needs of the transaction and the agents.
On the consumers side, survey data20 shows that the single most important
factor is wide acceptance of the system.  Thus it may be that any system,
whether it is formally standardized and secured or not, could gain market
dominance and remain in that position by virtue of its ad-hoc standard.
Sellers would use it because most customers use it; customers would use it
because most sellers use it.  The main channel for competition would not
be in price of the system, but in gaining exclusive rights to the point of
sale of a large number of merchants.  This environment would make
electronic payments widely available in a relatively short time span, but
is not exactly conductive to diversity or technological advancement.  This
would be analogous with the entrenched tri- opoly of Visa, Mastercard, and
American Express in the credit card market.
An alternative to this situation might be the wide adoption of an open standard
electronic payment system.  In this case, any intermediary would jointly adopt
an inter-operatable system, whereby the client of  one system could
transparently conduct transactions with any other  seller whos intermediary
uses the same system.  This would be similar to  the openness and competition
in Thailand's ATM system, where the 2 main  ATM consortiums (ATM Pool
and BankNet) support an open system.  The  holder of a Bangkok Bank ATM
card can withdraw money from, say, a Thai  Farmers Bank ATM.
Such an open electronic payment system would have several  advantages over a
proprietary electronic payment system.
... Choice.  Users could be given better choice and services.  Since there
could be several intermediaries vying for the same open market, they
would have to use a policy of differentiation.  Such a structure would bring
about a monopolistic competition type market, the "market" being the
market for open-standard electronic payments.  Hopefully, this
differentiation would be for the benefit of users.
... Policy.  Government policy implementation would be less ambiguous.
Generally, the fewer heterogeneous systems there are to regulate, the more
effective government policy would be on each system.  This is because
each system would need a specific interpretation of the applicable laws.
Since in most nations, the legislative process can't enact new laws with
high speed, the "applicable laws" tend to be arcane and controversial.
Combined with the constrained capacity of the state, this might cause an
ambiguous period of years before systems can be finalized.  The ambiguity
during this period can kill of enthusiasm for new systems, leading confused
agents to return to conventional paper methods of payment.  It could also
lead to market distortions, as misguided governments could give anti-
competition concessions to single firms.
... Simplicity.  Open standard electronic payments systems would provide a
consistency in payments from the users side.  It is a general design
principle in computer-human interaction engineering that consistent
interfaces are synonymous with the efficiency of the system.  Survey data21
has shown that simplicity is the second most important aspect that is looked
for in an electronic payments system.  Thus the consistency of an open
standard would  contribute to its wide adoption.
Despite the advantages of open standard electronic payments systems, it is
also likely that a variety of standards could simultaneously gain market
acceptance.  This would not be through conventional price competition, but
rather by seeking niches in the market.  For example, it is highly likely
that some form of electronic cash system will gain a market niche due to
its strong point of unquestionable privacy.  Besides the easily targetable
markets of "socially deviant" products like pornography (one of the most
popular products of the Global Internet) or weapons design (the users of
which tend to be very paranoid), it would also gain acceptance from users
who are uneasy with the fact that each and every one of there transactions
would be documented by the banking system.  Fear of such information
getting into the hands of the few (or the hands of the state) will most
probably cause users to move to a more private system.  Such concerns for
privacy and fear of powerful corporations have crystallized into the
cypherpunk and cyberpunk movements, small but vocal special interest
groups who are often listened to by governments22.
Other niches might include government subsidized ones for the payment of
various state benefits.  The United States Department of Nutrition has
already implemented an advanced Virtual Food Stamp system in New York
City23.  Groceries with a large portion of low-income customers are
required to install electronic payment systems at the point of sale.
Customers can buy there groceries without using cash, there being an
automatic transfer of funds from their food stamp account to the groceries
account.  This system reduces long lines at government offices, eliminates
the black market in redeeming food stamps for cash, and significantly
reduces the shuffling of paper of all parties.  This system is used by
500,000 people and is favored over the old system by 94% of them.
Like any new technology, it would be impractical to think of the status of
electronic payments as clearly defined.  Although the technology has
existed for decades to implement many systems, they have just begun to
permeate into the everyday consumers lives.  The number of merchants
accepting eCash numbers less than a hundred.  Card based electronic cash
systems have only been implemented in pilot projects in a handful of
cities over the globe.  Never the less, the trends of modern commerce,
driven by the weaknesses of traditional payments systems, point to the
eventual rise of electronic payments.  It is just a matter or time and
1       from J. C. Wood and D. S. Smith Electronic Transfer of Government
Benifits Federal Reserve Bulletin V.77 N.4 April 1991
2       D. Gleason as quoted by S. Levy E-Money (That's what I want)
Wired V.2 N.12 as archived in emoney.html on the internet
3       via Regulation E implementing the Electronic Funds Transfer Act of
1979 (15 U.S.C. 1693) as quoted in J. C. Wood and D. S. Smith, op. cit.
4       from the news group soc.culture.thai
5       As can be seen from the atmosphere of various sites on the internet.
Most explicit is the cypherpunks mailing list at cypherpunks
6       These characteristics, and the mathematical theories that underpin them
were developed over several years in the cypherpunks mailing list and the
future culture mailing list at futurec
7       S. Levy op. cit.
8       S. Levy op. cit.
9       heard from the future culture mailing list, op. cit.
10      S. Levy The End of Money? Time 6 Nov 1995 P.38-44
11      announced in the cypherpunks mailing list
12      details of the protocol and messaging system were publicized in the
internet at 13      described in the eCash/Mark Twain Bank FAQ at
 and the eCash FAQ at
14      This is claimed in the eCash/Mark Twain Bank FAQ.  But the same
document also states that WorldCurrency Access accounts do not earn interest
and have no fixed time periods.
15      PGP public key encryption is a highly popular defacto standard due to
its high security and its zero price.
16      This is to conform with conventional banking laws concerning the
documentation of transactions.
17      D. Chaum Showing credentials without identification: transferring
signatures between unconditionally unlikely pseudonyms (Springer-Verlig,
Berlin) p.946-64 (Conference: Advances in Cryptology-AUSCRYPT '90
International Conference on Cryptology. Proceedings, Sydney 8-11 January
18      Just another incentive to backup data
19      the eCash protocol specification at 20      from the internet money survey conducted by the Management School
at Imperial College.  Archived at
21      See fn. 20
22      The Electronic Frontier Foundation has had close links with the Clinton
Administration.  The Cypherpunks mailing list catalyzed public protest that
eventually brought down the government supported Clipper Chip
23      See J. C. Wood and D. S. Smith, op. cit.

@_date: 1995-12-26 05:38:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Future Scenarios for e$: The DCSB Forecast 
**************>>>>>>  Meeting Reminder: One week to go! <<<<<<***********
****>>>>>> Checks due to Shipwright *this* Saturday, December 30, 1995  <<<<<<**
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                      Art Hutchinson and John Kelly
                Northeast Consulting Resources Inc., (NCRI)
             "Future Scenarios for e$: The DCSB Forecast"
                        Tuesday, January 2, 1995
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
I've been talking to Art Hutchinson last week, and it looks like we're in for a
treat.  This is going to be particularly useful, coming as it does at the
beginning of the new year. He and John Kelly are going to put our
prognostication skills through their paces with what amounts to a 90's version
of Delphi exercise, using us, a bunch of people who, if anyone, should have an
interesting take on where commerce on the internet is going in the next few
years. I'm psyched. Art and John are old pros at this kind of thing, so I expect
this is going to be great fun.
Since we're going to be doing something different besides listening to a speaker
this time, I'd like to suggest that we get there right at 12 noon to get
things started immediately, New Year's aldehyde toxcicity notwithstanding.
Instead of one big group around a table, we'll be sitting at smaller tables
a pile of future "events" to prognisticate about. Our opinions about the
likelihood about those events will be recorded by a "scribe" at each table, and
then posted for all to look at during/after lunch. The "events" are drawn
from a
giant database of these things that NCRI has acquired over the years, filtered
down to e$-relevance, plus some suggestions from the stuff we've discussed on
the dcsb list and at monthly meetings.
This meeting of the Boston Society for Digital Commerce will be held on
Tuesday, January 2, 1995 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by *this*
Saturday, December 30 , or you won't be on the list for lunch. We're trying to
hold the line on advance registration this time, because the holiday makes for
considerable uncertainty in reservations. I will be sending confirmations early
this time, on Thursday, just to make sure.  Checks payable to anyone else but
The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, c/o The Shipwright Development
Corporation, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they
must be made payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 February    Fred Hapgood     Freelance Author
 March       Glenda Barnes    X.9 Electronic Commerce Security Group
 April       Donald Eastlake  CyberCash
 May         Perry Metzger    Security Consultant and Cypherpunk
 June        Dan Shutzer      FSTC
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Boston Society for Digital Commerce, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-26 08:36:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bidzos on C-Span 2 
Actually, he did a pretty good job of towing the er, party line. Lots of
good opportunities for analogical heavy lifting in arguments with statists.
"Suppose you had a very strong door which protected your whole house and
made it inviolate. Suppose then the government then wanted to have copy of
your door keys on the off-chance you turn into a crack dealer someday...",
Except for the fact that he wants Uncle to protect his patents, that is...
This was done on December 8 at the Commonwealth Club in SFO.  Were there
c'punks there? The questions sounded like it...
He also said something about some kind of magic badge with biometric/PK
software which would allow you to work anywhere there was a network
connection. Reminiscent of our discussions about Xerox PARC's ubiquitous
computing stuff, Gerry O'Neil's 2081, etc.
I feel a rant coming on about this "information toaster" stuff, Metcalfe's
fight with Alsop in Infoworld, etc. Guess I'll start it tomorrow. Take
cover everybody...
Merry Christmas!
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-26 08:36:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (cpx) Re: Bidzos on C-Span 2 
Actually, he did a pretty good job of towing the er, party line. Lots of
good opportunities for analogical heavy lifting in arguments with statists.
"Suppose you had a very strong door which protected your whole house and
made it inviolate. Suppose then the government then wanted to have copy of
your door keys on the off-chance you turn into a crack dealer someday...",
Except for the fact that he wants Uncle to protect his patents, that is...
This was done on December 8 at the Commonwealth Club in SFO.  Were there
c'punks there? The questions sounded like it...
He also said something about some kind of magic badge with biometric/PK
software which would allow you to work anywhere there was a network
connection. Reminiscent of our discussions about Xerox PARC's ubiquitous
computing stuff, Gerry O'Neil's 2081, etc.
I feel a rant coming on about this "information toaster" stuff, Metcalfe's
fight with Alsop in Infoworld, etc. Guess I'll start it tomorrow. Take
cover everybody...
Merry Christmas!

@_date: 1995-12-26 08:44:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: (cpx) Re: Bidzos on C-Span 2 
You can shoot me now...
Sorry, folks! e$pam first and let god sort 'em out.
Fixing that little problem this week, as a matter of fact.
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-30 06:17:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) DigiCash licencing? 
Organization: Digiturg
Sender: owner-ecash
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: ecash
Does anyone know about the terms and costs of licencing ecash software? I
have tried contacting DigiCash directly with these questions, but have
got no answers :(
And who and where are already implemeting ecash? Mark Twain Bank and
Swedish post are two I know of, what about the others?
Our company is very interested in using ecash here in Estonia, but
somehow DigiCash does not seem to allow that.
With all the best,
Juri Kaljundi, managing director, DigiMarket
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-01 05:11:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) e$: Looking down, not up, to the future 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: rah (Robert Hettinga)
Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
e$: Looking down, not up, to the future
First a little administrivia. Going forward, I'm going to be posting my
rants here first at e$ with a forward from e$ of the
given rant, after some arbitrary delay, to any other lists that might be
appropriate to the subject. My sponsors have paid for this list, and the
readership of the e$pam and e$ are there to hear what I and others have
to say about e$ and its consequences here, and so my stuff goes onto the
e$ list first from now on. Like all my writing on the net,
redistribution with attribution to me and the other people I cite (When
remember to cite them all...) here is just fine. If you're publishing
it, and you pay your authors, I'd like to be compensated too, of course.
Not that what I say here is going to be all that earthshaking, but I
thought I'd clear the air a bit.
I've read a lot of interesting things about the future of the net in the
last few weeks, some of which I've sent on to e$pam, and I'd like to
talk about them, by way of clearing the decks for the New Year.
First, I'd like to go revise my model of net.reality a bit.
Most of people look at the net as a hierarchy. Architecturally, it is
exactly that, from the IP addressing scheme, to the object
super-hierarchies in component software models, to server-mirroring, to
just about any kind of structural component of the net you would care to
look at.
Physically, big lines get broken up by big switches into smaller lines
which get broken up by smaller switches into smaller lines, in a fractal
process which ends up at you or me, where it goes back up each larger
level to get where it needs to go.
In software, the CORBA object model, and the super-object-model that the
research people have been cooking up at Microsoft, all have a "root"
somewhere; the "top" of their taxonomical system, if you will.
In information, there's a source of the information, and it gets
accreted with other information and synthesized and averaged and
summarized and rolled up into some larger aggregate which allows you to
have some knowlege about that information and other information like it.
In finance, my money gets pooled with other people's money through
several larger aggregation layers and then invested or spent centrally
somewhere. The recipient of capital or cashflow then spends or invests
it in fractally smaller chunks until I get it in a check for something I
I could go on and on with this, but you can see my point, and it is the
same point Rich Lethin loves to use on *me* when I start talking about
"geodesic" anything, that is, the idea that Moore's law exponentially
collapses switching costs, making nodes cheaper than lines, making the
network and the software processes mapped onto it more geodesic instead
of hierarchical, and "surfacting" information and software into
fractally smaller and smaller pieces.
What I've been saying to Rich, particularly when I talk about geodesic
networks, is that the message itself is point-to-point, even though the
actual electrons may flow more or less hierarchically around the
network. That's kept him busy while I made my getaway. It always felt
like a sophistic shuck, myself, but I'd learned to live with it until
I don't know if I've gotten anywhere, but I've been thinking about it a
bit, thrashing anologies from other parts of the world, --the major way
I think, unfortunately -- to describe what I see out there. I've been
thinking about biological models, because in my stranger moments, I like
pretend that the net is an electro-biological entity.
For instance, the circulation of blood is a good anology, I think,
because all the endocrine messages in the blood stream are ultimately
broadcast from a single cell and paradoxically sent point to point to
another cell -- just like things are on an ethernet wire, or on Gilder's
fanciful dark fiber, even though the circulatory "backbone" is
The most obvious example of course is the organization of neurons, in
that the brain pathways are essentially geodesic, but we still have to
deal with the hierarchy of nerves outside of the brain.
The one thing I think that differentiates these models from the
hierarchies we encounter in social life, the industrial induced control
hierarchies we all rail against, and the stuff I like to quixotically do
battle with on the net, is that every one of those biological
hierarchies is chaotic. There is no pretense of top-down control of the
system. The load of the system is hierarchical, and so the system
organizes itself hierarchically. There are physical forces which create
physically hierarchical stuctures, but they're usually set up to solve
the problem of efficient distribution of something over a distance, like
draining a watershed, or getting blood to a central heart and lungs, or
nerve impulses back and forth to the brain.
When distance isn't a problem, networks, like the brain, tend to get
more geodesic. Bandwidth is maintained by an abundance of neuronic
"switches", doubling as processors, tripling as memory, each with some
number of connections to other neurons, rather than a bunch of "fat"
nurons doing all the signal processing. As an exception which proves the
rule, note there *are* in fact "fat" neurons, more precisely redundant
neuron pathways, particularly between the two halves of the brain, and
between the brain and the rest of the body.
So, what else is new? We still have hierarchies on the net, right? We're
about to bump up by many orders of magnitude the number of possible IP
addresses real soon, so that someday your toaster can tell your alarm
clock to wake you for breakfast. I've ranted, tounge-in-cheek, about the
"dangers" of the "X.blabla" book-entry view of the world, with
hierarchical, government-as-root certification "authorities", and the
consequences of having an audit trail on your every net-based financial
activity. Most of this X.blabla stuff will come to pass, mostly because
it's the easiest thing for the financial system as it's currently
organized to do. It's sort of like financial "shovelware", moving the
contents of one financial medium, the hierarchic industrial paradigm of
government regulated central banking systems onto the new medium of the
However, in a world of micro-pay-as-you-go packet routing, where routers
may someday spot-auction their bandwidth on a demand basis at packet
prices displayed best in scientific notation, all those audit threads
could lead to a Gulliverian restraint on personal freedom, much less on
individual privacy.
Fortunately, I don't think that's going to happen, because those same
Lilliputian audit trails will just get in the way and slow the system to
a standstill. We need to get more chaotic.
I think my contention on this is that as we get smaller and smaller, the
more chaotic it's going to have to be. Book-entry based transaction
processing systems will choke on their own accounting at those levels.
To look at the extremely-hypothetical router above, it will be easier to
attach some digital bearer microcertificates to an information packet,
so that the packet pays its way through all the routers it needs to go
to, than it will be for some giant book entry system to account for it
all. People have said that those microcertificates could work like
stamps, where the first router cancels the stamp and pays back the other
routers in the route some fraction of the "stamp" price to be settled
later, or it may be possible to simply endow a packet with all the
certificates nessary to get from point to point in a network someday. It
kind of reminds me digital cash-as-processor-food, a bit.
Note that this kind of bio-economic thinking is not new, the Agorics
folks and Stewart Brand have been talking about this stuff for quite a
while. My point here is that "down" the network, not up, is the place to
look for the interesting stuff in the future.
There are several interesting micropayment certificate systems out
there, and there will be more. As software gets smaller and smaller with
component architectures like OpenDoc and its eventual successors, it
will be more and more economic to charge rediculously smaller and
smaller amounts for rediculously smaller and smaller network behaviors.
Just wait until someone figures how to get software to really "evolve",
or gets software to write other software on a practical basis.
Most of the people I read, on the net or off, don't see this. They're
looking "up" the net, how connections are made up, at the level of the
grosser network features, like how monolithic corporations, or
book-entry database and financial control systems, or government
regulations, will happen on the net. How the net will integrate itself
with the "real" world they're familiar with.
8 years ago, I used to talk about people who lived "on" microcomputers
versus the ones who lived "in" them. I used to say that Macs were more
for people who lived "in" computers because they weren't hindered by the
mechanics of the interface so much. I think that there are still a lot
of mainframe-cum-client/server folks out there who still live "on" the
net, and not in it. Those are the people who are looking "up" at how the
"big" players will behave, when they should be look at their feet, where
the real action is.
Where the very ground is in the process of dissoving out from under
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-04 13:34:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment 
My guess is, they won't. Ever.
We're looking right into the maw of the beast, here, folks. This is how
book-entry systems want to rule the world. It seems to me that all this
X.BlaBla stuff is about interlocking directories, offsetting book-entries
and audit trails back to the flood, so that if you break a trade, much less
evade taxes or engage in other horsemanlike behavior, they can sic the
Lawfully Deputed Authorities to slam you in the pokey.
Code words for this bunch include "non-repudiation", "Certification
Authorities", "X.Whatever", and of course "information infrastructure", and
is done usually in concert with, well, lawyers.
Michael Froomkin has had some experience with these types already this
month, and my anonmyous informant, "Erwin Corey" , the world's foremost
authority, is in the thick of these things.
I just got some mail from someone over at bnn who gave me the following
argument, just to show how they think:
1. If we use internet-level (ISP) or link-level (SSL,etc) strong
cryptography, governments can't keep an eye on the 4 horsemen, who would
then rule the world, and the government needs to save us from that.
2. If we just use encryption for the "little" stuff, like credit card
numbers, and signatures, and wire authorization codes, and the like, the
Powers that Be will let us play with money on the internet.
3.  So, go back to your sandbox boy, and let the adults get on with the
Important Stuff, okay?
Actually, argument  is implicit in all of this, but that's okay. Here's why.
As one cursed with hyper-analogizing the universe, I see the X.whatever
crowd as centralized surface transport, viz: Railroads and Ships. We're in
the car and plane business, point-to-point, autonomously operated by the
users of the technology for whatever they want to do.
The time is, say, 1910. They look up in the sky at the airplanes rattling
around, or they jump out of the way of a Model T clattering down the
street, and they mutter, "let the adults get on with the Important Stuff".
What they really don't understand is that the internal combustion engine of
internetwork commerce, digital bearer certificate technology, is about to
rock their world.
The thing I hear over and over from these people is, "We just want to map
all this great experience we have with the Law of Commerce onto the
Information Superhighway, so we won't have to reinvent the wheel."  They
can't understand why *anyone* would want to remain anonymous. They can't
imagine the benefits of uncontrolled autonomous agents, buying or selling
things, (including themselves) in a global ecology of networks and silicon.
Just like the transportation magnates of the turn of the century couldn't
understand why someone wouldn't use a steam engine, because they're much
more efficient thermodynamically than any internal combustion engine could
ever be. The technology lends itself to economies of scale, and, well, it's
lest wasteful that way. This is why J.Pierpont Morgan made a fortune
consolidating railroads and steel companies.
These people are just victims of their own success, really. They are the
end products of years of meritocratic selection, schooling, and
certification.  They have been practically bred to inhabit the top of
So, when they look at the internet, they can see nothing else but what they
know. They see something like digital cash an anomaly, an error in the
data, because even with a completely on-line system and Mark Twain Bank
walking very gingerly on the thin ice of new economic technology, MTB's
cost on a Digicash trade is $.50, while the most efficient book-entry
system on the net, First Virtual, has to charge, what? $5.00 to break even?
Wait until we can actually trust off-line payment schemes for *really*
small stuff, and get profits from issuing nano-money.
They don't get it. The network isn't a hierarchy. The network is a
geodesic. You don't need offsetting book entries, you can trade digital
certificates much cheaper. You don't need to control your software, you
need to make it autonomous and set it free.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-06 07:37:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: No More Netscape Comments from Me 
Yeah... I wonder what the price of Netscape puts around, say, March are
these days...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-06 07:41:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Geodesic Payment Systems?  (was Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting onElectronic Payment) 
Once again, Hettinga shoots from the hip, and hits an expert instead...
The 50 cents actually comes from this week's InfoWorld, Bob Metcalfe's
column. I have know idea where he got the 50 cents, but he did say digital
cash, so i expect that he means MTB.
Fine. Are we including the cost of the credit card transaction to the
consumer? Fees, interest, that stuff? There are lots of hidden costs in a
book entry system. With a bearer-certificate system, the price is the
spread between the certificate's bid and asked prices for (a traveller's
check, for instance, is asked at a primium, and redeemed at face value, for
instance. That's all the cost of using them.)
Sometimes I feel like I'm beating this geodesic metaphor like a dead horse
sometimes... ;-).
That may be true, Nathaniel, but just because the people who bring the
money off the net need to be identified to the digital cash underwriter's
(actually the underwriter's bank's) satisfaction, doesn't mean that the
trades on the net can't be totally anonymous. We've gone over this before.
Let's build a model to talk about this, and then you'll see what I mean.
Suppose I open an anonymous bank account with ATM card. Then, on the net, I
buy digital cash from a digital cash underwriter. The web-page reads my ATM
swipe and PIN, and then pumps it (without the underwriter being able to
read it) through to my bank, who says to the underwriter, "Yup, there's
money here, send it to him, and I'll wire it you (now/overnight/whatever)."
The digital cash underwriter then issues me my digital cash, and I put it
on my hard drive. I buy stuff on the net. I sell stuff on the net.
Sometimes I go online with the trade to check my buyers' cash, sometimes I
don't. Element of risk there, but this risk can be made accountable. It's
probably always going to be cheaper to do offline transactions, but there's
the possibility that when I cash in that money, it has been spent already.
Fair trade. It's probably quantifiable and thus can be dealt with. We won't
know till we have data.
Being an astute businessman (you can tell this is a model, right?), I end
up with positive cashflow. So, that money I don't invest with a portfolio
manager on the net by buying anonymous bearer certificates for his mutual
fund, ;-), I decide to take off of the net and buy Netscape puts, March
1996, $10.
So, I go to the underwriter's page (maybe I go to multiple underwriters'
pages, or maybe there's an enterprising third-party money changer who
honors all comers for a cut), and I cash out. I swipe my ATM and punch my
PIN, and my bank says to the underwriter "OK, I know that account, how much
are you sending me?", and the underwriter says how much, and how and when
the money would arrive (wire? Rollerblade messenger? bunch of militia types
in a purple Hummer?, anyway...). And there's money back off of the net.
In this model, there's no reason why I can't send an anonymous software
agent to buy stuff for me, why I can't buy anonymously or sell anonymously.
So, given that model, what's the problem?
Now, I've also been thinking about something else.
Wei Dai has been talking about how anonymity will always cost more, and
certainly, in the model above, there's a certain risk with doing off-line
transactions. You don't know if the cash in the transaction is
double-spent, like I said above, but that "special stuff" has to be done to
accomodate anonymity, which will always cost more.  I'll come back with a
whole blather on this next week when I get back from the CyberDog Kitchen
(I'm here, and Gromit says "hi"), but I think it comes from what the
default mechanism for commerce is going to be, threaded, audit-trailed
x.blabla or anarchic, geodesic, bearer-certificates. I bet you can guess
where I'm going to come down on this...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-16 06:32:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Seven Days 
Snoop Bucky Bucks?
Sounds like a Cyberdog part to me...
Maybe not...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA (617) 958-3971
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1995-12-19 17:08:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: King Kong Does e$ 
King Kong Does e$
A while back, when the Microsoft Network hype was at its height, I
forwarded a bunch of articles to www-buyinfo entitled "Oh, No, there
goes Tokyo", about how Godzilla, in the form of Microsoft's Microsoft
Network, was going to stomp all over Tokyo, in the form of the net.
This was before I found out that Netscape's codeword for their Navigator
HTML Browser was "Mozilla".
So, along comes the following on the DCSB list, courtesy of the esteemed
Mr. Lethin:
        Wednesday,  December 13, 1995
        Refreshments 4:15 PM 4:30 - 6:00 PM
        Bartos Theater, E15-070 MIT Media Lab
        Ames Street, Cambridge, MA, USA
        Electronic Money Made Easy
        Dan Simon
        (dansimon
Mac in hand, I went to a presentation at the Media Lab's basement
auditorium, and proceed to transcribe his copious overheads, sans
graphics, as fast as my fingers could fly...
Which I present here in it's raw form, with a few corrections, his
cryptic (ahem...) source citations, viz: (cf., MN 93), and the
ocassional note I could cram in when he stopped flipping charts...
Oh, no, there goes Zurich...

@_date: 1996-01-05 04:19:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft has a way to go on E-Mail 
tcmay (Timothy C. May) said,
I believe that this is what Mr. Bill called "Eating your own dog food."
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-06 03:39:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Digital Commerce: Living Room ExIm, Retail Replacement, or Mail-Order Redux? 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                             Fred Hapgood
                   Digital Commerce: Living Room ExIm,
                 Retail Replacement, or Mail-Order Redux?
                        Tuesday, February 6, 1995
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Fred says:
Fred Hapgood has written on internet commerce for _CIO_ and
_Webmaster_ magazines.  He has written on associated subjects for
_Wired_ and _Inc-Technology_.  The February talk will be based on
research for an article on the web and franchising.
This meeting of the Boston Society for Digital Commerce will be held on
Tuesday, January 2, 1995 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, February 2 , or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 February    Fred Hapgood     Freelance Author
 March       Glenda Barnes    X.9 Electronic Commerce Security Group
 April       Donald Eastlake  CyberCash
 May         Perry Metzger    Security Consultant and Cypherpunk
 June        Dan Shutzer      FSTC
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-13 07:40:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) e$: Starting an Avalanche 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: e$
Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
e$: Starting an Avalanche
Boston, Massachusetts
The most interesting thing I've read in quite a while is a reprint of
the March 31,1995 issue of Esther Dyson's Release 1.0, which, I
understand, was the first time someone other than Esther herself edited
an issue.
The editor was none other than Eric Hughes, of cypherpunks fame, and the
topic was, of course, e$. Well, he didn't up and say "e$" anywhere,
exactly, the title of the whole issue was "A Long-Term Perspective on
Electronic Commerce", but he was talking about e$ just the same. Eric
told me about this magnum opus when he came to help me talk about e$ at
Apple in December. It was the first time I had heard of it, and when I
talk to people who are interested in these things, it's the first
they've heard of it, too. Blink once, and you miss the good stuff, I
I won't go too much into what he said there, as I'm still digesting it,
and it's frightfully copyrighted, but I'm sure you can get reprints from
EDventure Holdings, Esther's company, by sending e-mail to their
circulation and fulfillment manager, Robyn Sturm, robyn .
You can definitely tell Eric wrote it, though. When Eric's really
cooking, it's like he invents this whole language to describe what he's
talking about. In this case, that's a good thing, because most of what
he talks about he has to invent as he goes along. Anyway, it's 28
single-spaced elite-pitched pages of pure Eric, and it's manditory
reading for anyone who wants to sit in on an advanced e$ colloquium from
the comfort of their own living room...
I'm taking, as my text for today's sermon (say "amen!", somebody), the
following, from Eric's Release 1.0 issue, page 19:
"Multiparty compatibility.
"A software product launch is a two-party negotiation. Software vendors
write products for a given operating system and persuade consumers to
buy it. This is a standard retail transaction. Prospective sellers of a
money system, however, have a four-party negotiation: the money system
vendor, consumers, merchants and financial intermediaries.  That is,
there is one seller and three buyers, each of which has different system
"Consumers have microcomputers or PDAs or smart cards. Merchants vary
widely by size; each will hve different requirements for operations
size. Banks and other intermediaries require extremely reliable
transaction processing systems. No single vendor will be able to meet
all these requirements. Anybody who expects to provide the entire
technology infrastructure for a new money system will fail outrightly
and completely. Success will require partnerships at the very least.
Open standards will be even more likely to succeed.
"This criterion against isolation cuts out several would-be contenders
from my book right away: Netbank, Digicash and the academic projects
NetBill and NetCheque.  This is not to say that these companies won't
have businesses, but rather that their ventures will always remain
Now, this was written in, say, February of last year. A year ago. What
amazed me was that it was exactly what I was talking to someone about
last week. I love this stuff...
Now I'm not bashing any of the above payment schemes, here, but there is
a lot of the old industrohierarchical (see, Eric, I do neologism too!)
mindset in what a lot of e$ protocol developers are doing out there.
With that in mind, I'm going to step into *my* version of e$-Life,
- -the-Universe and -Everything, and I'm going to do it with a model for
distributing digital bearer certificates of various kinds, starting with
digital cash, but easily extensible to any kind of digital bearer
As Eric said, there are at least 4 players in any money system. I hope I
may be excused if I tweak this a bit...
The first player is the consumer. This is the person who purchases a
digital bearer certificate for some reason. In the case of a digital
cash certificate, this person is buying a piece of digital cash from
someone else, for some other kind of money, in order to effect a
transaction on the net later.
It gets more complicated a little later, but, for the time being, this
is a person who accepts a digital bearer certificate in exchange for
something else. Usually this person is a commercial entity, and thus
needs to be able to test the certificate, on-line with the underwriter,
before accepting it, in order to prevent double-spending and reduce the
risk of the transaction.
This is the entity which issues the certificates, and is responsible for
exchanging them into other forms of money or certificates of other
kinds. The second most important thing an underwriter does is to verify
that certificates haven't been double-spent.  The most important thing
an underwriter does is to market its certificates.
A trustee holds the money for the underwriter while it's on the net.
Like bond trustees, the trustee works for "shareholders", the holders of
the digital certificates, according to an agreement between the
underwriter and the certificate holders. Typically, the trustee is a
bank, since certificates are usually settled for money.
Software Developer
Off of the net, there are consumers, underwriters and trustees of
physical certificates. We haven't really introduced any really
net-specific features. Here's where we do.  Since digital certificates
are digital objects, they're created and handled by software and moved
around on networks. The second most important thing that developers of
digital bearer certificate software do is to write software which
issues, verifies, and handles digital bearer certificates. The most
important thing that developers of digital bearer certificate software
do is to market their software to consumers, to trustees, and to
A software developer can develop all kinds of different software and
market that code to any market that's out there: vertical, functional,
or any niche that makes money. A developer can make wallets, which can
do peer-to-peer or client-server transactions, or cash registers, which
do on-line transactions involving the underwriter to validate
certificates against double spending, or mints, which produce and
validate the digital certificates themselves. A developer can even
subdivide those major software objects into smaller peices, if there's a
market for it.
Protocol Inventor
Protocol inventors are the people who had the idea to begin with. They
figured out how to generate, handle, verify, and transmit this
particular type of digital bearer certificate, and typically have
patents on the process. The second most important thing a protocol
inventor does is design cryptographic protocols, licence them, and
validate their implementation. The most important thing a protocol
inventor does is market their protocols to software developers, to
underwriters, and, in the early stages, to trustees.
A prima facie retread
Yes, it's time for Hettinga to trot out his now-threadbare (I'll say
"time-tested") business model for digital cash, and show how this all
works. Of course, you can use digital bearer certificates for all kinds
of things besides cash, and I contend in my more unrestrained moments,
that *any* security can be issued as a digital bearer certificate, but's
let's stick with digital cash here, for the time being.
The protocol inventor is a cryptographer who has a brainwave one day and
invents a digital bearer certificate protocol.  He announces it, patents
it if possible, lots of other cryptographers vet it, and it works.
Potential underwriters, software developers, and even trustees blow
apart his e-mail server asking him when he's going to let them build
code, businesses, or whatever it is they want him to let them build.
The inventor convenes a group of interested developers, and they start
working out how to implement the protocol into code. The inventor makes
deals with all of them. When they've finished their code, he'll certify
that their code adheres to the protocol, and they'll pay him a licence,
or a certification fee, or whatever.
The inventor also starts to chum the water for underwriters, even though
the developers are the people who're going to be actually closing deals
with them, and trustees, even though the underwriters are going to be
actually closing  deals with *them*.
So, the day comes, and people are actually buying these certificates.
The consumer buys, from one of many software developers, or is given, by
one of many underwriters, a wallet, which allows the storage and
disbursement of digital bearer certificates, either on-line or off-line.
I personally believe that there will be off-line transactions between
people who trust each other enough, caveat vendor ;-).
The consumer goes to a web page. Think of this web page as the
equivalent of an automatic teller machine. As such, it has at least
link-, and hopefully internet-level encryption to the user's machine.
Not only that, but the consumer's account information is probably
encrypted so that not even the underwriter sees it, in the same way that
the Cybercash protocol works now. If the consumer's machine has a card
swiper, then he swipes a card and enters a pin number. He could also
store this information encrypted on his hard drive, and just type a
passphrase to release it. He could also have all this on a smart card.
Software and hardware vendors will build what consumers, underwriters,
and trustees want to use.
The request and authorization for cash goes over the net, through the
underwriter and the ATM network to the consumer's bank, who sends an
authorization message back to the underwriter to disburse digital cash
certificates in the amount of the consumer's request. At least that's
the way it would work for the time being. It's easy to see that, if the
consumer's bank was on the net, the transmission authorizing
disbursement to the underwriter could just go over the net itself. The
bank and the underwriter settle with a fed funds wire. For the time
being, anyway. ;-). The underwriter then issues the certificates to the
consumer in the desired denominations, in addition to whatever fee the
underwriter charges, in the same way traveller's checks are sold at a
premium at the time of sale. The money from the consumer's bank goes to
the underwriter's account at his trustee bank, collecting interest,
payable to the underwriter, until the money comes back off of the net
someday, payable to the redeemer at par (the value of the  denomination
of the certificate).
The consumer then buys something on-line from a merchant, or off-line
from another consumer (or a merchant who can't afford the security of an
on-line transaction, and believes the risks are worth it), who then
either spends the cash certificate somewhere else or redeems the
certificate through the underwriter, who in turn has his trustee wire
the money to the merchant's bank.
Wearing too many hats
When you break the world up the way I have above, you see the world of
digital certificates in very interesting terms. First of all, you can
see what Eric was talking about. Lots of people in the digital cash
business are trying to wear too many hats. Underwriters who are also
trustees, protocol inventors developing software, merchants who are
software developers.
Remember my contention elsewhere that the worst thing you can do in a
geodesic market is to create industrial scale-economy hierarchies. The
more independent entities you have, doing different things in as
market-driven a fashion, the better. The instantaneity of communication
and the multiplicity of information processors continually lowers the
cost to entry and makes markets very competitive, forcing lots of
innovation and product evolution. Concentrations of information, or any
other resource, get "surfacted" into the lowest possible reaches of the
network as processor prices fall. In InfoWorld a couple of months ago, I
compared Microsoft to a dog in the manger in this regard, and you can
see what they're trying to do now that they figured out that their
monopolistic desktop strategy won't hunt on the internet.
Now What?
So. You've developed the be-all, end-all digital bearer certificate
protocol. What do you do? The most important thing you can do is to
develop, validate, and above all, promote your protocol.  Anything else
is not only inefficient, but, in the worst scenario, it can be
considered a threat to one or more of the other players in the system,
and no one will adopt it. Your protocol is stillborn.
The thing you want to do is to create as many software developers, as
many underwriters, and as many trustees as possible. Why?
The more underwriters you have, the more people are using your protocol.
Remember, the underwriters are charged with actually marketing the
certificates themselves. Also, the more underwriters there are, the more
robust your certificate system is, because there is no single point of
failure -- economic, operational, or otherwise -- in the system.
The more trustees you have, the more faith everyone has in the system.
The social and legal parts of your protocol are enforced by the
trustees. They're there to hold the stakes and keep everyone honest. To
prevent repudiation of the certificates by the underwriters themselves
by making them hold a respectable reserve against the certificates
outstanding, for instance. In addition, the trustees could be used to
settle certificates from one underwriter against those of others. That's
already built into the banking system, with various central bank wires
and clearing associations. In the model above, the trustee is the link
to the non-net economy. It is the ultimate settlement mechanism because,
for the time being, digital cash has to be denominated in other
currencies. Certainly, like any method of abstracting value, digital
cash cannot exist if it is not immediately convertable into other things
of value, so there will always be those who are responsible for
guaranteeing those conversions. In my model, and in non-net securities
markets, those people are the trustees.
The more developers you have, the more competition there is to build
software which creates, handles, and verifies the certificates as
efficiently and reliably as possible. Like underwriters, software
developers are responsible for marketing *their* products -- the
wallets, the cash registers, the mints, that your protocol requires in
order to function -- to the various participants in the digital
certificate market.
That means that you have to be as open with your protocol as possible.
You have to create a set of reference documents which everyone can read
and understand. You have to promote the hell out of the protocol by
hosting conferences of current and potential underwriters.  Then, when
you have lots of developers, underwriters, trustees, and, by extension,
users, of your certificate protocol, you have to keep the protocol
honest by cryptographically validating the various software parts so
that the market's participants can trust that the protocol is being
adhered to. That means *not* writing software, paradoxically. The reason
you have this great protocol is because you're a great cryptographer:
not a great underwriter/marketer, not a great developer, not a great
trustee/banker. The entire market can't function without you, and, in a
geodesic market, you can add significant value and get paid for that
value without owning all the other components of the system to get it.
The great unwashed avalanche
There's great benefit to having this great unwashed horde of people
helping you put all this together. Most of that benefit comes from
creating a large chaotic emergent system, a market. People can
specialize in some small piece of the system and optimize it without you
having to tell them what to do, for instance. In addition, very small
investments yield rewards way out of proportion to the money invested.
My favorite example for this is the prize that was offered for flying
non-stop from New York to Paris.  Many times the prize money was spent
in achieving the feat by all the contenders, and some single teams
probably spent more than the prize money all by themselves. The rewards
to the person who finally completed the trip greatly exceeded the prize
money he won. Finally, the rewards to aviation the aviation as a whole
were much greater than all the money spent by all the teams trying to be
That's the great thing about creating an emergent process like a digital
certificate market. It's like kicking some snow down on top of an
avalanche zone. You release all that stored energy, ambition, and
All at once.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-18 03:54:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Crypto anarchist getting through customs 
^^^^^^^^^^^
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
ROTFL.  Yes. Well. He just seemed so soft and friendly. I figured thinking
about *him* couldn't hurt...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-19 01:03:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Crypto SmartDisk(tm) 
Sender: Postmaster
Reply-To: e$
Precedence: Bulk
--- begin forwarded text
`Computer Within a Floppy Disk` puts secure electronic commerce in the palm of
your hand
SAN FRANCISCO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Jan. 17, 1996--Fischer International Systems
Corp. (FISC) announced Wednesday the availability of Crypto SmartDisk(tm), the
world's first intelligent security token housed in a floppy disk-sized device.
The announcement was made at the annual conference of RSA Data Security Inc., a
leading encryption algorithm vendor. Addison M. Fischer, founder and chairman of
 FISC and a world-recognized leader in systems and data security, attended the
meeting with fellow experts in cryptography.
Crypto SmartDisk is a self-contained computer, complete with crypto coprocessor,
 memory, real time clock, and resident operating system. It fits in any of the
150 million installed standard 3.5 inch floppy disk drives; no additional
hardware is required.
Crypto SmartDisk supports RSA, DSA and DES algorithms for encryption and digital
 signatures. The RSA public key cryptographic system is the de facto standard
and is commonly used to create digital envelopes for secure electronic commerce.
 DSA is a standard for digital signatures that is endorsed by the U.S.
government, and DES is the most widely used and tested encryption algorithm
`Crypto SmartDisk breaks barriers in the world of secure electronic commerce,`
said Michael S. Battaglia, FISC president and CEO. `It literally puts in any
user's hands the power to use any PC with a 3.5 inch floppy drive as a secure
electronic transaction station. Businesses, government agencies, even private
citizens can use Crypto SmartDisk to engage in secure electronic commerce with
complete confidence that their transactions will be read only by those people
the users intend.`
Crypto SmartDisk is positioned to gain rapid acceptance among agencies of the
U.S. federal government, particularly those that manage civilian applications.
It offers the benefits of hardware-based encryption without the expense of
retrofitting PCs that don't have card readers. By using a Crypto SmartDisk, for
example, private citizens could conduct secure electronic transactions with
agencies like the U.S. Postal Service (USPS), Social Security Administration
(SSA), and IRS from their home computers.
The General Services Administration Security Infrastructure Program Management
Office is planning just such a pilot project, with hundreds to thousands of
participants including private citizens. Using Crypto SmartDisk, participants
may conduct electronic transactions such as requesting SSA benefit information,
inquiring about the availability of federal loans, and potentially even filing
on-line tax returns with the IRS.
Crypto SmartDisk also offers a developer's toolkit so users can create their own
 applications featuring encryption capabilities. The toolkit provides both
software tools and libraries and is fully compliant with the PKCS No. 11
standard and the ISO 7816 standard.
Fischer International Systems Corp. is a leading worldwide supplier of software
solutions for secure Electronic Commerce. Founded in 1982, it is one of the
largest privately held software companies in the United States. Its products
include Watchdog(r) and SmartDisk(tm) for PC data security, TAO(tm) (Totally
Automated Office) for cross-platform, multilingual messaging and office
automation; EDI/comm(tm) for Electronic Data Interchange; and WorkFlow.2000(tm)
for cross-platform automated forms and process management.
Crypto SmartDisk and the Crypto SmartDisk toolkit are available for immediate
shipment. -0-
NOTE TO EDITORS: In the Internet/email address noted in the contact information
in this news release, there is an `at` symbol between Chamberlain and fisc.com.
This symbol may not appear properly in some systems.
--30--jd/mi.. CONTACT: Fischer International Systems Corp., Naples, Fla.
Katharen Chamberlain Phone: 941/436-2678; Fax: 941/436-2586 Internet:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-22 00:01:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "Noise Filter" : Cypherpunks Lite Reminder... 
While we're plugging things,
Don't forget e$pam, which has (mostly) e$-related cypherpunks postings, and
e$-filtered stuff from usenet newsgroups, and from as many mail groups as
the subscribers find for me to look at. The AustrianECON list has talks
about Hayek, Mises, et. al., and I zinged something to e$pam from it
recently about currency boards, fiat money and all that stuff.
Both e$spam, and it's companion discussion list, e$, are free. They're
sponsored by OKI Advanced Products and Hyperion, and anyone else who cares
to, for a rediculously cheap charter sponsorship rate ;-). The sponsor tags
are in the .sig of each message.
You can subscribe to e$pam and e$ by looking at the e$ home page,
 .
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-24 06:09:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [noise!] (fwd) Re: FYA/I: Who'd have gaussed it? 
Just in case you wanted to know how dept...
--- begin forwarded text
Zounds!  A guantlet thrown!  I accept!
Use a coil *around* the building.  This makes the problem just
within the realm of the possible, though horribly impractical.
I'll spare the collected minds and spool spaces of the technomads list the
details, and reduce this to a recipe:
Collect the following:
- 20 miles of 0000-guage insulated copper wire (about 32 tons worth)
- five standard 20 MW gas-turbine power plant generators (about 20 tons ea.)
- fuel for about 10 minutes of operation (about 4 tons)
- five standard high voltage transmission rectifier modules for the above.
- one standard 69,000 volt, 10,000 amp transmission-line contactor set
Wrap 1000 turns of the wire around your target.  This makes a bundle about
18 inches in diameter.  Wire your generators and rectifiers to yield
70,000 volts DC, and connect them via the contactor to the coil.
Fire up the turbines, and take them to redline, storing kinetic energy in
the rotors.  Firewall the turbines and trigger the contactor.  It will take
about 10 seconds for the coil current to hit 8000 amps, creating a
1-tesla magnetic field within the coil.  This is sufficient to erase
magnetic media.  Then kill your generators before everything melts :-).
And this is now certainly outside the scope of technomads...
- Paul
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-25 14:38:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
In the legal trade, this is what's called an unpromulgated (secret) law.
It's a no-no in the philosophy of law, but a nation state can do whatever
it wants and still call it "legal". At least our esteemed congress doesn't
do retroactive legislation, like the 1KY reich did. Well, we only do tax
hikes that way, anyway.
We had a revolution to stop crap like in 1776, but we resurrected
unpromulgated laws with the advent of the ICC at the end of the last
century, and the IRS at the beginning of this one. It's encouraging to note
that the ICC has finally been "sunset". Too bad we can't do the same for
the IRS, and maybe even State Department. Maybe in some future world of
instant full-sensorium telepresence, encrypted, of course... ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-26 12:11:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PGP in Eudora and other mail programs 
Will wonders ever cease. PGP-in-Eudora-for-Mac....
Bob Hettinga
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Sometimes even the gods are wrong... ;-)
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-28 01:34:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: "Gentlemen do not read each other's bank	  statements" 
Aggregious plug time.
The above comment is *not* so tenuously connected to my e$ lists. I've been
sending juicer bits of this particular discussion on to e$pam, my
e$-filter-list of other news and mail groups, where the above comment in
particular is germaine.  If you want to continue your discussions on
e$pam's discussion list, e$, you will be welcome.
Subscribe to e$ by sending, in the the body of your message to
majordomo :
subscribe e$
I've been sending other money related stuff to e$pam, from places like the
AustrianEcon (Hyek, Mises, et.al) list, so people on e$ are at least
*interested* in intellegent comments about money of all kinds, in
particular the kind made of 1s and 0s.
e$'s unmoderated, and has, as they say in the money business, "endogenous"
traffic. ;-). Most of it originates on the list itself.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-01 02:12:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Digital Commerce: Living Room ExIm, Retail Replacement, or Mail-Order Redux? 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                             Fred Hapgood
                   Digital Commerce: Living Room ExIm,
                 Retail Replacement, or Mail-Order Redux?
                        Tuesday, February 6, 1995
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Fred says:
Fred Hapgood has written on internet commerce for _CIO_ and
_Webmaster_ magazines.  He has written on associated subjects for
_Wired_ and _Inc-Technology_.  The February talk will be based on
research for an article on the web and franchising.
This meeting of the Boston Society for Digital Commerce will be held on
Tuesday, February 6, 1995 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, February 2 , or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 February    Fred Hapgood     Freelance Author
 March       Glenda Barnes    X.9 Electronic Commerce Security Group
 April       Donald Eastlake  CyberCash
 May         Perry Metzger    Security Consultant and Cypherpunk
 June        Dan Shutzer      FSTC
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-01-12 21:01:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Novel use of Usenet and remailers to mailbomb 
Jammin' on the mailbomb trick...
Looks like it's a variant of another scheme used elsewhere, viz,
--- begin forwarded text
A variation on the mailbomb from dispersed unwitting sites, except involving
the telephone network, was discussed on alt.dcom.telecom some time back.
Maybe you call this a phone bomb.
As you know, pager companies get blocks of numbers within a local
exchange for their operations.  So, for example, 635-3000 to 635-3999 may
represent a thousand radio pager customers of a particular paging
Wanting to harrass an estranged spouse, some nefarious character
programmed a dialler deamon to sequentially call each of the numbers in
a pager block and leave a messsage to return call to the spouse's phone
number.  Naturally, caller id did no good to track or ignore the
unwanted calls to the spouse at all hours from pager subscribers who
were receiving messages on their alpha-numberic pagers to call the
spouse's number.  'Wrong number' calls were coming in to the spouse from
all over at all times.  Moreover, it is virtually impossible for a pager
company to track a single number which calls each of its lines only once.
Definitely not a nice thing.
--- end forwarded text
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-03 05:05:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Futplex makes the news! 
I just heard on WBUR (NPR) here in Boston that our own L. (I know his real
first name now...) "Futplex" McCarthy was busted by the UMASS diginarks for
putting "Nazi material" on the internet. This must be one of those
Nazi-mirrors I've been skipping articles over...
They were pretty hysterical, NPR. Maybe we should call him "FUDplex" in
honor of his newfound notariety...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-03 06:32:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Futplex makes the news! 
So, the "expanded version" of the story says that it was a nazi-mirror, and
FUDless verbage why Futplex did it, and that UMASS Amherst said they didn't
want "Political messages" on their web-server, so they booted Futplex.
LOL! The most Politically Correct university in the universe doesn't want
"Political messages" on their web server!
The ganglia twitch...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-03 09:41:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Futplex makes the news! 
I think what Tim's referring to is the brand new Reeducation Campz, Inc.
(RCI), "NewCommonwealth" facility currently taking on new "HappyCampers" in
Cambridge just up Brattle Street from Harvard Square.  I hear it's a
complete appropriate-behavior Skinnerian-behavior-modification
aversion-therapy facility complete with electroshock contour couches in
front of surplus Digital Equipment Corporation MicroVaxen, all running a
special version of CuttyBrowser, specially developed in COBOL for the
MicroVaxen by Mitre and Micotronx. When the wrong URLs are selected (EF*,
Cyph*, crypt*, White_W*, and "Black Rhino", to name a few grep strings),
the camper is randomly electrocuted at senstitive subcutaneous nerve
endings or gassed with nauseous sulpher fumes.
This technology, along with direct neural stimulation of pleasure centers
when Significant Figures of National Authority (SFNA) (including the First
Lady, the FBI Director, and the Attorney General), are randomly flashed,
although slowly, on the MicroVax's screen has proven very powerful in
creating extremely motivated and happy citizens of the Commonwealth.
An interesting side effect is that the process creates sexual arousal when
the HappyCampers see the company logo of the computer outside of the Camp
setting, which is apparently why the machines in this particular facility
were donated by Digital under a "Help the Commonwealth Grow" program,
reserved for Massachusetts computer companies. Digital is hoping that this
will help stanche the decline in sales they've been suffering the last few
years, or at least help get rid of a "very large" production run of
MicroVax computers they've been writing off for the last eight years.
RCI, a "hybrid" for-profit corporation owned by government/non-profit
organizations, is a partnership between the NSA, both NEAs, NOW, NARAL, The
Moral Majority, Oral Roberts University, The 700 Club, and, of course,
UMASS in cooperation with the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard.
After the camp, the HappyCamper is charged $37,000 in tuition for the
12-day 19-hour-a-day experience, is also required to pay for the computer
(because the campers tend to become emotionally distraught when separated
from the machines, and because nobody can be hired to clean the machines
either), and, is required to recruit 4 other campers.
Oddly enough, this last requirement has become something of a problem,
because graduates of the Camp are usually overzealous in their recruitment
efforts, dragging relatives, farm animals, and, in several cases,
inebriated homeless residents of Harvard Square to the Camp and leaving
them in unconscious piles at the Camp door. This is causing problems with
neighbors in the Brattle Street area, including John Kenneth Galbraith and
Governor William Weld, who are not now very happy campers at all. The Camp
is now required to give the neighborhood association 24 hour advanced
notice of every graduation, so that gardeners and domestic help can be
locked safely indoors.
Anyway, have fun, Futplex!  Remember that I've moved, and don't forget your
Kleenex when you go...
Better yet, stay in Ithaca.
Bob Hettinga
Ithaca? That's Cornell, right? Hmmmm... How about moving to New Haven, instead?
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-08 10:16:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Funds Clearing House? 
Take a look at these guys...
Now I know I can't use e-money.com. :-).
Anybody here heard of them?
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The NEW(!) e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-08 23:32:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Paint it Black 
As strange as my politics are ;-), I've never been one for political
protests, at least not since I graduated college and grew up.
However, it seems that I've done enough protesting for silly causes in my
youth to excuse me for doing one small thing about something I still *do*
believe in, the freedom to talk about what you want without the threat of
someone hauling you off to jail.
With that in mind, I'm joining the EFF, VTW, and thousands of other web
sites across the world today and making the e$ Home Page black for 48 hours.
I'm hoping that others out there will join me in making Black Thursday as
memorable as they can for the people who think that censoring the net is
even possible, much less conscionable.
"The net sees censorship as damage, and routes around it."
              -- John Gilmore
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-09 06:45:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Reasons in support of crypto-anarchy WAS Re: Why am I (fwd) 
Funny. That's kind of what Dr. Fred said.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-10 08:21:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fwd: Web900 -  The easiest way to charge users ... 
Organization: The Agorist Institute
Precedence: bulk
I just received this in email:
J. Kent Hastings
Assistant Director of The Agorist Institute
zeus --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-10 11:39:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Black DaveMail: I Promised My Grandfather 
rmiller (Richard Miller), davenetworld
        mquinn idig (David Biedny),
        rick_lepage jlg (Jean-Louis Gassee),
        alecs (Alec Saunders),
        combee (Benjamin L. Combee),
        pmcq (Pam McQuesten),
        ivan.myrvold
Precedence: bulk
  I said: "I'm voting against Clinton in November."
  Kyle D. Skrinak, kylesk said: "Perhaps I missed it, but
  may I suggest you declare who you intend to support. Outside of a
  libertarian candidate, I am unfamiliar with which presidential
  candidate would be against this censorship.
  Fair enough. A lot of people asked that question. And Mr. Skrinak
  asked it with respect.
  My answer: I don't know!
  I can say I'm going to vote against Clinton without saying who I'm
  going to vote for. That's my right as a US citizen.
  It's only February. The US presidential election is in November.
  There's lots of time. Between now and November the web will grow by an
  order of magnitude. Try to remember what it looked like in June 1995.
  It was a sleepy backwater then, even though it looked like a boom. We
  still have spring, summer and fall before we have to make a choice.
  Perhaps even Clinton can get my vote. But he's got a bunch of digging
  (and explaining!) to do.
  People have also questioned my use of the term "crime against
  humanity" to describe the attempted censorship of the Internet.
  People say I'm off here, not in direction, but in scale. They ask how
  can you compare this act with the other acts that have been called
  crimes against humanity?
  I have two answers. First, it's a felony to leave the scene of an
  accident, and it's a felony to blow up a Federal courthouse in
  Oklahoma City. Scale has nothing to do with it. If this isn't a crime
  against humanity, who is it a crime against? Do we hold our
  politicians accountable for their actions, especially if they're
  on a global scale? Are just US citizens offended by their attempt to
  shut down free speech on the Internet? No. The mail has been coming in
  from all over the planet. And rightly so. This act has global
  implications.
  Second, I made a promise to my grandfather to oppose this kind of shit.
  I'm a first-generation US citizen. Both sides of my family left
  Europe, fleeing Hitler, for their lives! I listened to my parents and
  grandparents. I've read about this stuff. How did Hitler start? How
  many people said "It can't happen here!" And how sorry were they
  later, when they couldn't do anything about it but run for their
  lives.
  Well, it's still early, we *can* do something about it. These ideas
  must meet our resistance. I think it's our obligation, if not to
  humanity, to evolution and peace.
  ***It Can Happen
  Saying it's unconstitutional is like saying it can't happen here.
  You're trusting something that might not be trustworthy.
  A year ago, when the Exon amendment was first discussed, did you think
  that Congress could pass such a bill? It can happen. Did you think that
  Clinton would sign it? It happened. Could the courts go along with it?
  Hmmm. Could people go to jail? What do *you* think?
  The opposition is incredibly well financed and organized.
  According to the EFF they're distributing kits to federal
  prosecutors all over the country, teaching them how to prosecute
  under the new censorship law. They're going to make hay while the sun
  shines. Maybe the law is unconstitutional. Maybe the courts will say
  so. But for now, it's on the books, it's the law of the land. Can you go to
  jail for your opinions in the USA? According to the law -- yes. Some of
  us will go to jail. I think we know that now.
  Hey -- I'm pissed when I get a jury duty notice. Imagine how it would
  feel to get arrested for speaking my mind, for writing DaveNet? How
  would it feel to get convicted and sent to jail? I don't want to find
  out! I like my life. I want to be free. I don't want to be a prisoner!
  I made a promise to my grandfather, but I also made a promise to myself.
  I thought we had cleansed this kind of crap from our society after
  Vietnam. We lost a whole generation on that one. Let's not lose
  another one.
  Yes, it can happen here.
  It can happen anywhere, anytime.
  All it takes is your silence.
  Wake up!
  ***What a day!
  Yesterday was a day of great growth for me. It started at 4AM, writing
  my ode to Rick Smolan, entitled "Holding Hands in Cyberspace". Then
  it turns out I was wildly and unrealistically optimistic. I look at
  Rick's website, there's Al Gore, talking about the fucking
  environment! I want to believe Rick is a good guy, but the evidence
  indicates otherwise. I leave him a voicemail, explaining that our
  thirteen year friendship is in jeopardy. No answer. I feel I've
  misled my readers. So I retract my support for his project. A few hours
  later a blue ribbon shows up on his site. Click on it. Nothing happens.
  Is this good enough? No.
  I think Rick truly has a good heart. He wants to do the right thing, deep
  inside. But he didn't do the right thing.
  I can't support him. Can you have a friend who you can't support? No.
  I said in an email that this is the first time in my life that I didn't
  sell out for friendship. That's where the growth came from.
  In the early evening, I spoke with Howard Rheingold, hlr
  He encouraged me to work something out with Rick. His magic words were
  -- "eventually Rick will thank you for doing this." That gets inside
  of me, it resonates.
  Howard is a great writer! I asked him to write something for DaveNet. I
  asked him to write about his day, yesterday -- his 24 Hours --
  something for Rick and others to think about.
  Here's what Howard said.
  ***Howard Rheingold speaks
  I got up this morning and headed for Planet Hollywood, a place I never
  would have stepped foot in otherwise, to do a panel with Paul Saffo and
  Esther Dyson. Illustra got this big to-do together weeks ago, as
  self-promotion leveraged on Rick Smolan's self-promotion.
  I thought Rick was doing a pretty cool thing, bringing people's
  attention to some of the pleasant and beneficial things happening in
  cyberspace. God knows we need as much of that as possible to counter
  the hysteria whipped up by Ralph Reed and buddies. Illustra seems
  like a cool product. Empowers people to publish. And they paid me.
  This morning turned out, through one of those weird accidents that
  history hands you, the day of the Web blackout. I blacked out my main
  page before I headed out this morning.
  The Illustra thing, frankly, was one of the biggest wasted
  opportunities I've ever seen. They did a great job getting a couple
  hundred interesting people together and then put on a boring
  blah-blah for hours.
  Then came the panel. I always take the opportunity to seize the
  subject and wrench it over to how the fuck are we going to look our
  children in the eyes ten years from now when they ask us what we were
  doing while a bunch of tiny-minded puritan fascists shat on
  liberties that Americans have died for. I think some people woke up.
  At least they said so. I hope I gave them something to talk about. I feel
  fine about the bux I took from Illustra to do the gig. And I felt fine
  about helping Illustra promote 24 Hours promote Illustra. Until I
  read my Davemail tonight.
  Rick. Be a journalist. You are the last hope on an ugly day.
  American journalists, with a few exceptions should hang their heads
  in shame. I'm one of the guys who gets the calls for the quotes and
  soundbites. For years. Ever since this Internet stuff started
  heating up. I've done ABC, CBS, NBC, CNN, BBC, NHK. I've done German,
  French, Austrian, Italian, Australian TV. I've given the quotes to
  the reporters from the New York Times, Washington Post, L.A. Times,
  and a hundred podunk papers. And every goddamn sound bite about
  democracy hits the cutting room floor and is replaced by the same
  idiotic shtick about cyberporn or sexual predators in chat rooms.
  Over and over again. For years.
  I have asked reporters whether they care about the kind of country
  their children grow up in. I literally got down on my knees and begged
  the last CBS crew that came out here. The reporters and field
  producers are sincere. There is some asshole sitting in LA or New York
  whose job it is to kill the stuff that isn't as shallow as a tin pan full
  of cold dogpiss, and substitute some off-the-rack sleaze.
  There is a code of ethics for journalists, and right up there at the top
  is a reminder that the press in a free society has an obligation to
  inform citizens about events that affect our freedom. Well,
  journalism is now a wholly-owned subsidiary of entertainment, and
  these journalists have loaded the shotgun, handed it to their
  enemies, dropped their trousers, bent over, and put the muzzles in
  their own asses. I believe most of the editors and producers who
  failed us so miserably have done it out of cluelessness more than
  malice or conspiracy or craven sucking-up-to-the-owners.
  The most important piece of legislation in the past fifty years took a
  year to work its way through Congress and is now law. A multi-trillion
  dollar industry has been divvied up. Do any of us know who really won
  and who really lost? Does anybody know about any of it except the
  cyberporn stuff? It was a sideshow, a juicy piece of meat to distract
  the watchdogs of our minds, while the real action took place
  elsewhere.
  I've been writing columns about this since 1994. So has Brock. Wired
  has been on the case. And very few others.
  It isn't just the politicians who deserve our wrath, the craven
  cowards. It's the journalists and their bosses.
  But history handed us this delicious opportunity. After a year of
  failure to get the attention of the New York Times and CNNs of the
  world, Rick Smolan, media lubricator extraordinaire, managed to
  get a lot of attention focused on something happening on the Net that
  *isn't* sinister.
  And now Dave Winer tells us that Rick isn't going to acknowledge the
  Web blackout.
  Rick, it's this simple. You are a journalist. You chose February 8 as
  your day to cover. To ignore the anti-CDA protest that is one of the
  biggest stories on the day you chose to cover months ago is to abrogate
  the right to ever call yourself a journalist again.
  It isn't too late. I know this is a headache you didn't ask for.
  Sometimes history asks people to make a judgement call at a bad time.
  Sometimes people regret the decisions they failed to make. We have an
  opportunity here to use all the attention you have masterfully
  focused on this event to shed some light. You gotta do it.
  Acknowledge the protest.
  ***One more screed
  The following story has been floating around the net, attributed to
  Charles Phillip Whitedog. I don't have an email address for Mr.
  Whitedog. His signature reads "Charles Phillip Whitedog, Ojibway
  and Network Man; Multimission Ground Systems Office (Mission
  Control); Jet Propulsion Laboratory, NASA
  "About 1966 or so, a NASA team doing work for the Apollo moon mission
  took the astronauts near Tuba City where the terrain of the Navajo
  Reservation looks very much like the lunar surface. With all the
  trucks and large vehicles were two large figures that were dressed in
  full Lunar spacesuits.
  "Nearby, a Navajo sheep herder and his son were watching the strange
  creatures walk about, occasionally being tended by personnel. The
  two Navajo people were noticed and approached by the NASA personnel.
  Since the man did not know English, his son asked for him what the
  strange creatures were and the NASA people told them that they are
  just men that are getting ready to go to the moon. The man became very
  excited and asked if he could send a message to the moon with the
  astronauts.
  "The NASA personnel thought this was a great idea so they rustled up a
  tape recorder. After the man gave them his message they asked his son
  to translate. His son would not.
  "Later, they tried a few more people on the reservation to translate
  and every person they asked would chuckle and then refuse to
  translate.
  "Finally, with cash in hand, someone translated the message: 'Watch
  out for these guys, they come to take your land.'"
  ***I felt sorry for him!
  I did eventually talk with Rick, and at 10:30PM I drove to San
  Francisco to get my picture taken by him, and to chat with some of the
  people doing the "24 Hours in Cyberspace" project. Rick had been up
  for 36 hours. You could tell. Look in his eyes. He's barely standing
  up. I felt sorry for him!
  We don't understand each other. Yes, there is a blue ribbon on the 24
  Hours website, . Cooool -- kind of. But
  it doesn't go anywhere, it's not a link. It's just a picture.
  And in that I think we have the perfect metaphor for Rick's project.
  Smolan could be an online journalist if he wants to be one. By an
  accident of history, he could have been a *great* online journalist.
  In a real sense, the first one. Welcome Rick! I said in "Holding Hands
  in Cyberspace".
  ***But...
  Imagine running CNN on the day of a big plane crash.
  And not covering it. (That sounds like an Alanis Morissette song!)
  You have the co-pilot of the plane on camera.
  And he talks drivel about the global environment.
  Ouch!
  Rick was asleep during his 24 Hours.
  But, as Howard says, there's still time.
  For me, I've had to take a stand against a man I admire.
  And I hate that!
  So what?
  Dave Winer
  PS: The most eloquent rant I've seen on this stuff so far. Read it all
  the way thru. Be patient. Now you understand what's really going on.
  .

@_date: 1996-02-11 11:57:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: A Rant about Senator James Exon 
A Mass Rant-Spam!
I'm inspired!
Too bad we can't break the CDA in the process...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-11 01:19:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: OK, how *do* you spell it? 
I got a spelling ping this morning.
I'd never really thought about it, before.
Is it infocalypse or infoclypse?
--- begin forwarded text
X-URL: mailto:rah
X-Personal_name: David R. Conrad
   On the e$ home page, "Infocalypse" is misspelled "Infoclypse".
David R. Conrad, conrad Hardware & Software Committee : finger -l conrad for public key
Key fingerprint =  33 12 BC 77 48 81 99 A5  D8 9C 43 16 3C 37 0B 50
No, his mind is not for rent to any god or government.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-13 22:08:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: More DaveMail: New Date: 2/22/96 
eric.alderman shabbir (Shabbir J. Safdar),
        sac88867 (Allen Cole),
        nagel (Dave Nagel -- Apple),
        apj7 (Andrew Johnston), strindberg3
        robg (Rob Glaser -- Progressive Networks),
        esp (David Kramer),
        ebelove (Ed Belove -- AT&T Interchange)
Precedence: bulk

@_date: 1996-02-15 14:20:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Response to Perrygram 
Personally, I'd pay big money for a firehose, myself...
Or, as someone said once said long ago on a list far away:
Perry and Tim,
Why don't you two have sex already? The tension around here is getting
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-15 23:21:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Leahy moves for Repeal of Communications Indecency Act 
(Robert A. Hettinga))
Path: sundog.tiac.net!arctos.com!oldbear
Newsgroups: tiac
Lines: 366
NNTP-Posting-Host: arctos.com
X-Newsreader: Trumpet for Windows [Version 1.0 Rev B final beta X-Newsreader: Yet Another NewsWatcher 2.1.2
----------begin forwarded text----------
Senator Leahy, last year's white knight of the Net, has struck
another blow for online decency.  Thanks to Todd Lappin for getting
this out so quickly.
Craig A. Johnson
Senator Patrick Leahy has introduced legislation designed to repeal
the Internet "indecency" provisions of the telecommunications reform
bill President Clinton signed into law last Thursday.
The text of Leahy's proposal, as well as his (very articulate) floor
statement, follows below.  Both are worth reading.
Leahy was one of only five Senators to vote against the telco bill on
February 1, 1996. He is also one of the few legislators on Capitol
Hill who truly understands what the Net is all about.
If you'd like to send the Senator a message of support, his e-mail
address is: senator_leahy
--Todd Lappin-->
Section Editor
WIRED Magazine
FILE s1567.is
          S 1567 IS
          104th CONGRESS
          2d Session
          To amend the Communications Act of 1934 to repeal the
          amendments relating to obscene and harassing use of
          telecommunications facilities made by the Communications
          Decency Act of 1995.
                           IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES
                     February 9 (legislative day, FEBRUARY 7), 1996
          Mr. LEAHY (for himself and Mr. FEINGOLD) introduced the
          following
              bill; which was read twice and referred to the Committee
              on Commerce, Science, and Transportation
                                         A BILL
          To amend the Communications Act of 1934 to repeal the
          amendments relating to obscene and harassing use of
          telecommunications facilities made by the Communications
          Decency Act of 1995.
           [Italic->]   Be it enacted by the Senate and House of
          Representatives of the United States of America in Congress
          assembled, [<-Italic]
          SECTION 1. REPEAL OF AMENDMENTS.
            Effective on the day after the date of the enactment of
            the
          Communications Decency Act of 1995, the amendments made to
          section 223 of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C.
          223) by section 502 of the Communications Decency Act of
          1995 are repealed and the provisions of such section 223 as
          in effect on the day before such date shall have force and
          effect.
 [end bill text]
   Floor Statement On Repealing The Communications Decency Act
   February 9, 1996
     _________________________________________________________________
   Mr. LEAHY. Mr. President, last week, the Congress passed
   telecommunications legislation. The President signed it into law
   this week. For a number of reasons, and I stated them in the
   Chamber at the time, I voted against the legislation. There were a
   number of things in that legislation I liked and I am glad to see
   them in law. There were, however, some parts I did not like, one of
   them especially. Today I am introducing a bill to repeal parts of
   the new law, parts I feel would have far-reaching implications and
   would impose far-reaching new Federal crimes on Americans for
   exercising their free speech rights on-line and on the Internet.
   The parts of the telecommunications bill called the "Communications
   Decency Act" are fatally flawed and unconstitutional. Indeed, such
   serious questions about the constitutionality of this legislation
   have been raised that a new section was added to speed up judicial
   review to see if the legislation would pass constitutional muster.
   The legislation is not going to pass that test.
   The first amendment to our Constitution expressly states that
   "Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech." The
   new law flouts that prohibition for the sake of political
   posturing. We should not wait to let the courts fix this mistake.
   Even on an expedited basis, the judicial review of the new law
   would take months and possibly years of litigation. During those
   years of litigation unsuspecting Americans who are using the
   Internet in unprecedented numbers and more every day, are going to
   risk criminal liability every time they go on-line.
   Let us be emphatically clear that the people at risk of committing
   a felony under this new law are not child pornographers, purveyors
   of obscene materials or child sex molesters. These people can
   already be prosecuted and should be prosecuted under longstanding
   Federal criminal laws that prevent the distribution over computer
   networks of obscene and other pornographic materials harmful to
   minors, under 18 U.S.C. sections 1465, 2252 and 2423(a); that
   prohibit the illegal solicitation of a minor by way of a computer
   network, under 18 U.S.C. section 2252; and that bar the illegal
   luring of a minor into sexual activity through computer
   conversations, under 18 U.S.C. section 2423(b). In fact, just last
   year, we passed unanimously a new law that sharply increases
   penalties for people who commit these crimes. In fact, just last
   year, we passed unanimously a new law that sharply increases
   penalties for these people.
   There is absolutely no disagreement in the Senate, no disagreement
   certainly among the 100 Senators about wanting to protect children
   from harm. All 100 Senators, no matter where they are from, would
   agree that obscenity and child pornography should be kept out of
   the hands of children.
   All Senators agree that we should punish those who sexually exploit
   children or abuse children. I am a former prosecutor. I have
   prosecuted people for abusing children. This is something where
   there are no political or ideological differences among us.
   I believe there was a terribly misguided effort to protect children
   from what some prosecutors somewhere in this country might consider
   offensive or indecent online material, and in doing that, the
   Communications Decency Act tramples on the free speech rights of
   all Americans who want to enjoy this medium.
   This legislation sweeps more broadly than just stopping obscenity
   from being sent to children. It will impose felony penalties for
   using indecent four-letter words, or discussing material deemed to
   be indecent, on electronic bulletin boards or Internet chat areas
   and news groups accessible to children.
   Let me give a couple of examples: You send E-mail back and forth,
   and you want to annoy somebody whom you talked with many times
   before -- it may be your best buddy -- and you use a four-letter
   word. Well, you could be prosecuted for that, although you could
   pick up the phone, say the same thing to him, and you commit no
   crime; or send a letter and say the same word and commit no crime;
   or talk to him walking down the street and commit no crime.
   To avoid liability under this legislation, users of e-mail will
   have to ban curse words and other expressions that might be
   characterized as indecent from their online vocabulary.
   The new law will punish with 2-year jail terms someone using one of
   the "seven dirty words" in a message to a minor or for sharing with
   a minor material containing indecent passages. In some areas of the
   country, a copy of Seventeen Magazine would be considered indecent,
   even though kids buy it. The magazine is among the 10 most
   frequently challenged school library materials in the country.
   Somebody sends an excerpt from it, and bang, they could be
   prosecuted.
   The new law will make it a crime "to display in a manner available
   to" a child any message or material "that, in context, depicts or
   describes, in terms patently offensive as measured by contemporary
   community standards, sexual or excretory activities or organs..."
   That covers any of the over 13,000 Usenet discussion groups, as
   well as electronic bulletin boards, online service provider chat
   rooms, and Web sites, that are all accessible to children.
   This "display" prohibition, according to the drafters, "applies to
   content providers who post indecent material for online display
   without taking precautions that shield that material from minors."
   What precautions will Internet users have to take to avoid criminal
   liability? These users, after all, are the ones who provide the
   "content" read in news groups and on electronic bulletin boards.
   The legislation gives the FCC authority to describe the precautions
   that can be taken to avoid criminal liability. All Internet users
   will have to wait and look to the FCC for what they must do to
   protect themselves from criminal liability.
   Internet users will have to limit all language used and topics
   discussed in online discussions accessible to minors to that
   appropriate for kindergartners, just in case a child clicks onto
   the discussion. No literary quotes from racy parts of Catcher in
   the Rye or Ulysses will be allowed. Certainly, online discussions
   of safe sex practices, or birth control methods, and of AIDS
   prevention methods will be suspect. Any user who crosses the vague
   and undefined line of "indecency" will be subject to two years in
   jail and fines.
   This worries me considerably. I will give you an idea of what
   happens. People look at this, and because it is so vague and so
   broad and so sweeping, attempts to protect one's self from breaking
   the law become even broader and even more sweeping.
   A few weeks ago, America Online took the online profile of a
   Vermonter off the service. Why? Because the Vermonter used what AOL
   deemed a vulgar, forbidden word. The word -- and I do not want to
   shock my colleagues -- but the word was "breast." And the reason
   this Vermonter was using the word "breast"? She was a survivor of
   breast cancer. She used the service to exchange the latest
   information on detection of breast cancer or engage in support to
   those who are survivors of breast cancer. Of course, eventually,
   America Online apologized and indicated they would allow the use of
   the word where appropriate.
   We are already seeing premonitions of the chilling effect this
   legislation will have on online service providers. Far better we
   use the laws on the books today to go after child pornographers, to
   go after child abusers.
   What strikes some people as "indecent" or "patently offensive" may
   look very different to other people in another part of the country.
   Given these differences, a vague ban on patently offensive and
   indecent communications may make us feel good but threatens to
   drive off the Internet and computer networks an unimaginable amount
   of valuable political, artistic, scientific, health and other
   speech.
   For example, many museums in this country and abroad are going
   hi-tech and starting Web pages to provide the public with greater
   access to the cultural riches they offer. What if museums, like the
   Whitney Museum, which currently operates a Web page, had to censor
   what it made available online out of fear of being dragged into
   court? Only adults and kids who can make it in person to the museum
   will be able to see the paintings or sculpture censored for online
   viewing under this law.
   What about the university health service that posts information
   online about birth control and protections against the spread of
   AIDS? With many students in college under 18, this information
   would likely disappear under threat of prosecution.
   What happens if they are selling online versions of James Joyce's
   Ulysses or of Catcher in the Rye? Can they advertise this? Can
   excerpts be put online? In all likelihood not. The Internet is
   breaking new ground important for the economic health of this
   country. Businesses, like the Golden Quill Book Shop in Manchester
   Center, Vermont can advertise and sell their books around the
   country or the world via the Internet. But now, advertisers will
   have to censor their ads.
   For example, some people consider the Victoria's Secret catalogue
   indecent. Under this new law, advertisements that would be legal in
   print could subject the advertiser to criminal liability if
   circulated online. You could put them in your local newspaper, but
   you cannot put it online.
   In bookstores and on library shelves, the protections of the First
   Amendment are clear. The courts are unwavering in the protection of
   indecent speech. In altering the protections of the first amendment
   for online communications, I believe you could cripple this new
   mode of communication.
   At some point you have to start asking, where do we censor? What
   speech do we keep off? Is it speech we may find politically
   disturbing? If somebody wants to be critical of any one Member of
   Congress, are we able to keep that off? Should we be able to keep
   that off? I think not. There is a lot of reprehensible speech and
   usually it becomes more noted when attempts are made to censor it
   rather than let it out in the daylight where people can respond to
   it.
   The Internet is an American technology that has swept around the
   world. As its popularity has grown, so have efforts to censor it.
   For example, complaints by German prosecutors prompted an online
   service provider to cut off subscriber access to over 200 Internet
   news groups with the words "sex", "gay" or "erotica" in the name.
   They censored such groups as "clarinet.news.gays," which is an
   online newspaper focused on gay issues, and "gay-net.coming-out",
   which is a support group for gay men and women dealing with going
   public with their sexual orientation.
   German prosecutors have also tried to get AOL to stop providing
   access to neo-Nazi propaganda accessible on the Internet. No doubt
   such material is offensive and abhorrent, but nonetheless just as
   protected by our First Amendment as indecent material.
   In China, look what they are trying to do. They are trying to
   create an "intranet" that would heavily censor outside access to
   the worldwide Internet. We ought to be make sure it is open, not
   censored. We ought to send that out as an example to China.
   Americans should be taking the high ground to protect the future of
   our home-grown Internet, and to fight these censorship efforts that
   are springing up around the globe. Instead of championing the First
   Amendment, however, the Communications Decency Act tramples on the
   principles of free speech and free flow of information that has
   fueled the growth of this medium.
   We have to be vigilant in enforcing the laws we have on the books
   to protect our children from obscenity, child pornography and
   sexual exploitation. Those laws are being enforced. Just last
   September, using current laws, the FBI seized computers and
   computer files from about 125 homes and offices across the country
   as part of an operation to shut down an online child pornography
   ring.
   I well understand the motivation for the Communications Decency
   Act. We want to protect our children from offensive or indecent
   online materials. This Senator --and I am confident every other
   Senator-- agrees with that. But we must be careful that the means
   we use to protect our children does not do more harm than good. We
   can already control the access our children have to indecent
   material with blocking technologies available for free from some
   online service providers and for a relatively low cost from
   software manufacturers.
   Frankly, and I will close with this, Mr. President, at some point
   we ought to stop saying the Government is going to make a
   determination of what we read and see, the Government will
   determine what our children have or do not have.
   I grew up in a family where my parents thought it was their
   responsibility to guide what I read or would not read. They
   probably had their hands full. I was reading at the age of 4. I was
   a voracious reader, and all the time I was growing up I read
   several books a week and went through our local library in the
   small town I grew up in very quickly. That love of reading has
   stood me in very good stead. I am sure I read some things that were
   a total waste of time, but very quickly I began to determine what
   were the good things to read and what were the bad things. I had
   read all of Dickens by the end of the third grade and much of
   Robert Louis Stevenson. I am sure some can argue there are parts of
   those that maybe were not suitable for somebody in third grade. I
   do not think I was severely damaged by it at all. That same love of
   reading helped me get through law school and become a prosecutor
   where I did put child abusers behind bars.
   Should we not say that the parents ought to make this decision, not
   us in the Congress? We should put some responsibility back on
   families, on parents. They have the software available that they
   can determine what their children are looking at. That is what we
   should do. Banning indecent material from the Internet is like
   using a meat cleaver to deal with the problems better addressed
   with a scalpel.
   We should not wait for the courts. Let us get this new
   unconstitutional law off the books as soon as possible.
    --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-15 16:53:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Response to Perrygram 
It seems it must be time to up my Ritalin dose. I will refrain such patent
copralalia in the future. If I can restrain myself.
I most abjectly beg your forgiveness for violating the pristine discourse
of this most august e-mail list.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-15 15:21:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FW: Laugh Of The Day - Fri, Feb 02 1996 (fwd) 
Organization:  FAIRLEIGH DICKINSON UNIVERSITY
Sender: owner-austrianecon
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: AustrianECON
I got this from a colleague.  Apparently the source is LaughWEB.
Sound familiar?
---------- Forwarded message ----------
        Be sure to visit LaughWEB
*File Description: The Natural Life Cycle Of a Mailing List*
THE NATURAL LIFE CYCLE OF MAILING LISTS
Every list seems to go through the same cycle:
1.  Initial enthusiasm (people introduce themselves, and gush alot about
how wonderful it is to find kindred souls).
2.  Evangelism (people moan about how few folks are posting to the list,
and brainstorm recruitment strategies).
3.  Growth (more and more people join, more and more lengthy threads
develop, occasional off-topic threads pop up).
4.  Community (lots of threads, some more relevant than others; lots of
information and advice is exchanged; experts help other experts as well as
less experienced colleagues; friendships develop; people tease each other;
newcomers are welcomed with generosity and patience; everyone -- newbie
and expert alike -- feels comfortable asking questions, suggesting
answers, and sharing opinions).
5.  Discomfort with diversity (the number of messages increases
dramatically; not every thread is fascinating to every reader; people
start complaining about the signal-to-noise ratio; person 1 threatens to
quit if *other* people don't limit discussion to person 1's pet topic;
person 2 agrees with person 1; person 3 tells 1 & 2 to lighten up; more
bandwidth is wasted complaining about off-topic threads than is used for
the threads themselves; everyone gets annoyed).
6a. Smug complacency and stagnation (the purists flame everyone who asks
an 'old' question or responds with humor to a serious post; newbies are
rebuffed; traffic drops to a doze-producing level of a few minor issues;
all interesting discussions happen by private email and are limited to a
few participants; the purists spend lots of time self-righteously
congratulating each other on keeping off-topic threads off the list).
6b. Maturity (a few people quit in a huff; the rest of the participants
stay near stage 4, with stage 5 popping up briefly every few weeks; many
people wear out their second or third 'delete' key, but the list lives
contentedly ever after).
LAUGH OF THE DAY - A service of LaughWEB (
To subscribe, send e-mail to majordomo with text:
     subscribe lotd email_address
To subscribe to lotd, point your web browser to:

@_date: 1996-02-16 01:46:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Science News - article on Quantum Crypto 
Does anyone know if the new in-line optical amplifiers (not switches!) have
any effect on quantum crypto messages?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-16 22:51:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) ALERT! Govt thought police online, to be debated on PBS 2/15 
X-Priority: 1 (Highest)
Sender: owner-govaccess
Precedence: bulk
Resent-From: policy-posts
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/14
X-Loop: policy-posts
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: policy-posts-request
Jerry Berman, Executive Director of the Center for Democracy and
Technology, will debate Cathleen Cleaver of the Family Research Council
TONIGHT (Thurs 2/15) on PBS's 'News Hour with Jim Lerher'. (Formerly the
MacNeill/Lerher News Hour).
Check your local listings for time and channel.
Cleaver and the Family Research Council were strong supporters of the Exon
"Communications Decency Act." Topics to be discussed include the CDA, court
challenges, the recent announcement by Compuserve to un-block Usenet access
and provide parental control technologies to CIS subscribers, and other
issues relating to Internet Censorship.
I just god it, so now you just got it (as quick as my listserv can shovel
it out the pipe).
Jim Warren, GovAccess list-owner/editor (jwarren
Advocate & columnist, MicroTimes, Government Technology, BoardWatch, etc.
345 Swett Rd., Woodside CA 94062; voice/415-851-7075; fax/<# upon request>
Mo' as it Is.
Jim Warren, GovAccess list-owner/editor (jwarren
Advocate & columnist, MicroTimes, Government Technology, BoardWatch, etc.
345 Swett Rd., Woodside CA 94062; voice/415-851-7075; fax/<# upon request>
To add or drop GovAccess, email to  Majordomo  ('Subject' ignored)
with message:  [un]subscribe GovAccess YourEmailAddress (insert your eaddr)
For brief description of GovAccess, send the message:  info GovAccess
Past postings are at  ftp.cpsr.org: /cpsr/states/california/govaccess
and by WWW at   .
Also forwarded to USENET's  comp.org.cpsr.talk  by CPSR's Al Whaley.
May be copied & reposted except for any items that explicitly prohibit it.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-17 04:11:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Tales from the Dark Side: Non-Anonymous Digital Cash? 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                             Mark Bernkopf
                        Tales from the Dark Side:
                       Non-Anonymous Digital Cash?
                        Tuesday, March 5, 1995
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
This past autumn, Mark wrote a couple of studies on electronic money.  He
will offer some general thoughts on likely winners and losers of the
cash-card competition.  Mark opposes totally untraceable electronic cash.  He
is skeptical of private currencies, although he concedes one type of private
currency that might succeed.
Since late 1993, Mark Bernkopf has been an economic and financial policy
analyst at Bruce Morgan Associates, Inc., a small international consultancy
in Arlington, VA.  He prepares a semi-annual World Economic Outlook, and
writes on such subjects as central banking and monetary policy, currency
boards, the economics of Korean reunification, derivatives, bancassurance,
and industrial policy.  His firm's clients are mostly Middle Eastern
governments and large East Asian corporations and thinktanks.
In previous "incarnations" Mark served at the Clinton White House Office of
Communications and at the Open Market Operations Department of the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York.  He is a Wharton grad and a clandestine contributor
to Pasi Kuoppamki's "Jokes about Economists and Economists"
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, March 5, 1995 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, March 2, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 April       Donald Eastlake  CyberCash
 May         Perry Metzger    Security Consultant and Cypherpunk
 June        Dan Shutzer      FSTC
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
 August      Duane Hewitt     Idea Futures
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-19 09:57:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (DaveMail Fwd) Today's Proposal: Webmasters 
mark (Mark Frauenfelder),
        RayHeizer (Heizer Software), davenetworld
        louise.link (Louise Velazquez -- Oracle),
        Dan_Scherlis.ZIFF-DAVIS%LNGATE (AT&T),
        Roz_Ault (Roz Ault), CummingsBu
        280-0309 (Tim Bajarin),
        CHAHIL (Chahil, Satjiv)
Precedence: bulk
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-19 22:21:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous remailers are a virus spreading online! (Replies) 
*Prove* to me I'm *not* a martian...
Don't you love the use of simple informal fallacies in supposedly logical
argument by supposedly rigorous scientists?
A: By using chained encryption, of course!
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-22 21:26:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "and two forms of ID" 
I feel much better now. :-). I really didn't want to cross swords with
someone who's S/N ratio is as high as yours is around here.
That must have been it.
Ah. I believe this is what I'm talking about...
I'm going to build a rant about this pretty soon, but I think that in a
geodesic network, audit trails of any kind cost more money, particularly in
the "fringes" of the network, where all the processor growth is going to
happen, assymetries or not. As processors handle smaller and smaller stuff
faster and faster, it becomes harder and harder to "control" and monitor
all of them. To operate efficiently, they have to be more and more
One way to provide decision rules for autonomous processors is to introduce
micro-e$ auction markets into the net's infrastructure. A good example
might be packet routing. Suppose you attach some very skinny money to a
packet  (something issued with Micromint, maybe?), and strip it off as the
packet goes through the network, sender pays.  Routers price their
throughput based on their load at any given moment. When you create this
"economy of switches", it becomes harder to establish the hierarchical
book-entry control/coodination models we all know and love, certificate
hierarchies among them.
I think that something like this might work as a way of randomizing traffic
in a network of remailers, by the way. Let the market determine the
remailer path. Specify the number of hops left, and attach enough money for
that number of hops. This is one way for people to pay for the use of
remailers, and eventually, it could map to packet-level-anonymity someday.
For the moment, I'm going to claim that anonymous auction markets are
always more efficient than identified, command economies, just like flight
is faster than surface travel.
At least that's what I think this morning. :-). More as I get some time.
However, I do agree that it's foolish to simply declare that everything
must be unauditable, just as it is to declare universal auditability. It's
better to let the market figure this out. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-24 23:47:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The "excrable" e$ 
Or, as Mr. May has said in the past, "the excrable" e$.
Say "amen", somebody.
Actually, *I* seem to be the unfortunate wretch who coined (ahem...) the
term "e$", as it refers to a dollar digitally spent on the internet. My
apologies to those spenders of yen, marks, and pounds. I hope I can take
some solice in the notion that all money's fungible. :-). In addition,
there's no reason not to use e, or e, if people can read your character
maps. One of the reasons I chose e$ is that I believe $ is way down deep in
the ASCII character set, and thus most machines will display it.
Ethnocentrism and potential trademark enfringements aside, a bit of
pronounciation may be useful here: when I see "e$" alone in text, I say
"e-money" (again, my apologies), and when I see "e$10.00", I say "ten
Speaking of trademarks, I had hoped that by using "e$" everywhere that we
could avoid such legal mechanations, in the same vein that various
mathematical notation schemes cannot be copyrighted (I think). For the
lawyers out there, is it possible to do the equivalent of a GNU GPL
"copy-left" with a potential trademark like "e$"?  If it is, I'd like to do
that. Ubiquity is power, and all that, "excrable" symbols and all...
Anyone interested in discussing trends in, or the consequences (economic,
social or otherwise) of *financial* cryptography on public networks, is
cordially invited to subscribe to the e$ mail list. Send "subscribe e$" in
the body of a message to majordomo and, after you've
subscribed, introduce yourself! The list is unmoderated.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-25 08:27:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: fwd: Federal Internet Enforcement Policy 
X-Sender: oldbear
--- Forwarded message follows ---
The "Federal Internet Indecency Crawler" has determined your Newsgroup
or Web Site posting to be in violation of the "Exxxon Communications
Indecency Act of 1996".
In an effort to comply with the "Federal Paperwork Reduction Act" you
are hereby directed to complete the proper arrest warrant paperwork
and submit same to the Federal Court in your district, then obtain a
valid copy of the approved arrest warrant and serve said warrant upon
To properly initiate this procedure, you are required to submit Form
A-16844787033 -83259 (rev.02) in triplicate, which may be obtained from
the US Government printing office.  After completion, send the original
to the Federal Courthouse by certified mail with one copy mailed to your
local FBI office.  Please make certain to include all pertinent
information, including the specific word, words or phrases that
constituted the violation, together with your name, address, telephone
number, social security number, and the policy number of any health
insurance contracts in which you are currently enrolled.
Also, please be reminded that as a citizen of the United States and a
lawfully appointed officer of the Federal Court "for the purpose of
serving the above arrest warrant only", you are exempted from any
prohibitions regarding carrying of handguns, rifles, shotguns or any
other type of guns or assault weapons while in the act of serving said
warrant.  However, please be advised that this provision does not apply
to you as the recipient of Federal arrest warrants, and as such your
constitutionally protected right to bear arms is hereby waived in this
It is important that you obtain your signature, thus showing the warrant
was properly executed. Kindly note any undue resistance encountered in
the appropriate space provided.
Because of the large amount of court resources which must be diverted
from other judicial efforts in order to accommodate the new "Exxxon
Communications Indecency Act", the Democratic and Republican National
Parties have made the following kind offer to assist us in enforcement
of these new policies.
As an alternative to the above process, you may at your option, send a
contribution of not less than $100 to the Clinton Presidential Campaign
Committee or to the Republican Presidential Nomination Committee.  If
you should choose one of these alternatives, it will not be necessary to
obtain and complete the paperwork outlined above, nor will it be
necessary to contact the Federal Court or your local FBI office.  Simply
copy the Newsgroup post in question or the URL and header information
from your web page, and mail to either party committee, with your
cashier's check or money order for $100 or more in US funds.
In addition to relieving you of the responsibility of filing legal
paperwork with the court and undergoing a traumatic arrest procedure,
you will have the comfort of knowing that you have contributed in a
meaningful way to the political process of your country.
In addition, we are authorized (by Senator Exxxon himself) to inform
you that after receiving your contribution of $100 or more, we will send
you a special alpha- numerical code which, when placed in your header
information, will prevent the "Federal Internet Indecency Crawler"
from recording your indecency violations until after the November
Remember, because of the "Exxxon Communications Indecency Act"
constitutionally protected free speech is now in limited quantity.  So,
don't pass up this golden opportunity to avail yourself of unlimited
free expression for the next eight months.
This may be your last opportunity to do so!
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-28 05:20:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Proposed Legislation Regualting Expert Testimony 
A nameless associate, who lives in Albuquerque, seems to have a local
perspective on this...
Of course, *black* hats and goatees on cryptographers are somewhat de
regeur, cf. Sameer, Eric, Derek, etc. By the way, do *you* have a black
hat, Tim?
Bob Hettinga
PS: I'll stop now.
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-02-21 21:45:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "and two forms of ID" 
... and I bet, Wei Dai's contentions to the contrary, that they'll be
*cheaper* to use than those which do certificate binding, all other things
being equal.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-03 10:09:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: M A F_i o s 
*         "Buckaroo Banzai against the World Crime League"....
...another BB movie? Did they make another one????
(I may have been one of the four people who saw the movie in an actual
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-06 08:48:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mail loop? 
It looks to me like the mailing list got subscribed to itself again.
I saw the intro message go by...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-10 01:55:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Switchboard 
I was messing around with this a year and a half ago (woulda shoulda
coulda), and my guess is they're using Reuben Donnelly's database. They're
the largest phonebook printer, and they even go so far as to OCR a lot, but
apparently not all, of their competition.
They say 90 million names, and that seems to be the number I was quoted...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-09 04:40:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Can you say "market opportunity"? 
I knew you could...
--- begin forwarded text
Comments: Authenticated sender is Organization: DigiCash bv
Sender: owner-ecash
Precedence: bulk
I would like to state here that the policy of Mark Twain Bank on
what merchants can or can not sell with ecash is NOT the official
policy of DigiCash. We can not and do not force our banking
licensees any restrictions on the kind of material they sell. On the
other hand, we can also not forbid them to put restrictions on that.
There are laws that require MT to comply with local (St. Louis MO
USA) regulations even when things being sold are acceptible in both
the merchant's and the buyer's country. I don't know for sure if
this is relevant in this specific case, and I would also like to
hear a comment from Mark Twain at this moment. We do not know their
exact policy.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-11 12:59:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: re: PA 
At 6:42 PM 3/10/96, "A. Padgett Peterson P.E. Information Security"
We talked here a while back about the Gilbert & Sullivan operetta where
there was a "court exploder" or something, whose job it was to blow up the
king should the monarch become too egregious in conduct. The limiting
factor was that the "exploder", or whatever, was the person who would
inherit the king's job.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-13 21:11:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Ecash press release 
Comments: Authenticated sender is Organization: DigiCash bv
Priority: normal
Sender: owner-ecash
Precedence: bulk
Release date:                           Contact EUnet Amsterdam:
Wednesday, March 13, 1996               Mr. Graham Wilson
Amsterdam, The Netherlands              Tel: +31 20 623 3803
                                        Fax: +31 20 662 4657
Contact DigiCash Amsterdam:             email: media
Mr. Paul Dinnissen                      Tel: +31 20 665 2611
Fax: +31 20 665 1126                    Contact Merita Bank Helsinki:
email: press               Mr. Timo Nikinmaa
                Tel: +358 0 1654 2471
            ===============================================
                 Europeans Can Now Make Cash Purchases
                    on the Information Superhighway
            ===============================================
              First European Electronic Cash System Opens
                     for Business on the Internet
Today EUnet, Europe's leading provider of Internet services, and
DigiCash, the leading innovator in electronic  payment technology,
have launched a system that lets consumers make and receive payments
over the Internet--using an electronic form of cash. The "ecash"
technology gives even very small payments of a few cents the level of
security once reserved exclusively for large-value wire transfers,
while providing users with the familiar irrefutability, privacy, and
person-to-person payment capability of paper money.
The system is first being launched in Finland, the country with one of
the highest number of Internet  connections per person in the world.
Merita, Finland's largest bank, already provides over 3,000,000
account holders with access to its Solo payment service. This now
allows users to visit a "virtual ATM" on the World Wide Web, and
withdraw money directly from their bank account into their ecash
"purse". With this money they can make electronic payments to each
other as well as to on-line merchants.
The merchants already accepting ecash on launch day range from popular
magazines and newspapers, to  those selling stock quotes and GSM
paging through email. Soon, while travelling anywhere in Europe, you
will be able to dial a local number and pay for your Internet access,
via EUnetTraveller, using ecash. Following a successful launch in
Finland, EUnet, working with major banks, intends to roll out the
service during 1996, in more of the 41 countries in which it operates.
"We are delighted to be the first Internet Service Provider in the
world to make the benefits of ecash fully available to Internet users"
says Wim Vink, EUnet's Managing Director. "We see the ecash system as
a major enabling technology that will make electronic commerce into an
effective new way of doing business. Its simplicity and security
features mean that users can make purchases electronically with
confidence, convenience and privacy."
"We are happy to contribute to the development of a variety of secure
payment systems on the Internet," says Matti Karvonen, First Vice
President of Merita Bank. "Electronic commerce is likely to increase
as users are able to choose a payment system that suits them best.
Merita has around 200,000 customers who already use terminals for
their daily banking. We believe that the number will increase further
with the introduction of ecash and Solo payments."
"This launch and EUnetTraveller are really exciting new uses of ecash.
As transaction costs drop, low-value payments will be catalytic to
growth in electronic commerce" says Dr. David Chaum, the inventor of
electronic cash and Managing Director of DigiCash. "This will let the
unique advantages of ecash shine through: protecting the interest of
society better than paper money, while helping people protect their
own interests and enjoy the privacy and freedom they are accustomed to
with cash."
                            *  *  *
          (DigiCash and ecash are registered trademarks
            and should always be referred to as such)
                           -- end --
                      DigiCash Background
                      ---
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-15 12:10:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Neal Stephenson's geodesic economy 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: rah (Robert Hettinga)
Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
e$: Neal Stephenson talks e$
I used to joke that I read science fiction by the yard. I certainly *buy*
it that way.
I finally got around around to reading Neal Stephenson's The_Diamond_Age,_
or,_A_Young_Lady's_Illustrated_Primer. I thought that his first book,
_Snow_Crash_ was marvellous, and thought that, in ability to create utterly
er, novel, reality out of whole cloth, he was right up there with Gibson. I
was wrong. He's much better. Gibson's first book, _Neuromancer_, was his
best. _Diamond_Age_ was an order of magnitude better than _Snow_Crash_ ,
and I get the feeling that Stephenson's just getting warmed up.
Why am I saying all this? Well, I'm in the process of reading
_Diamond_Age_, and there, on page 270 of the recent paperback edition,
(Copyright 1995, Neal Stephenson), Stephenson describes, in perfect detail,
a geodesic economy-- complete with digital cash, payer anonymity, and money
as software food.
The story concerns a girl named Nellodee, Nell to her friends, an abused
waif of no means whatsoever, and her adventures with a very large
nanocomputer disguised as a book. The scene in question is about Miranda, a
"ractor", an interactive actress, who has been effectively raising Nell
interactively through a cleverly disguised Grimm-like fairytale with Nell
as the protagonist. Actually, Miranda's just been acting lines provided by
the nanocomputer in the book, back through to Nell over the net.
After 2 years of this, Miranda decides she wants to meet Nell. She goes to
her boss for help...
Miranda sat very still for a moment, hypnotized by the colorful flashing
lights on a vintage jukebox.
"This is related to Princess Nell, isn't it?"
"Is it that obvious?"
"Yeah. Now, what do you want?"
"I want to know who she is," Miranda said. This was the most guarded way
she sould put it. She didn't suppose that it would help matters to drag
Carl down through the full depth of her emotions.
"You want to backtrace a payer," Carl said.
It sounded terrible when translated it into that kind of language.
Carl sucked powerfully on his milkshake for a bit, his looking over
Miranda's shoulder to the traffic on the Bund.
"Princess Nell's a little kid, right?"
"Yes. I would estimate five to seven years old."
His eyes swiveled to lock on hers. "You can tell that?"
"Yes.", she said, in tones that warned him not to question it.
"So she's probably not paying the bill anyway. The payer is someone else.
You need to backtrace the payer and then, from there, track down Nell."
Carl broke eye contact again, shook his head, and tried unsucessfully to
whistle through frozen lips. "Even the first step is impossible."
Miranda was startled. "That seems pretty unequivocal. I expected to hear
'difficult' or 'expensive.' But--"
"Nope. It's impossible. Or maybe" -- Carl thought about it a while --
"maybe 'astronomically improbable' is a better way of putting." Then he
looked mildly alarmed as he watched Miranda's expression change. "You can't
just trace the connection backward. That's not how media works."
"How does media work, then?"
"Look out the window. Not toward the Bund -- check Yan'an Road."
Miranda swiveled her head around to look out the big window, which was
partly painted over with colorful Coke ads and and descriptions of blue
plate specials. Yan'an Road, like all of the major throughfares in
Shanghai, was filled from the shop windows on one side to the shop windows
on the other, with people on bicycles and powerskates. In many places the
traffic was so dense that greater speed could be attained on foot. A few
half-lane vehicles sat motionless, polished boulders in a sluggish brown
It was so familiar that Miranda didn't really see anything. "What am I
looking for?"
Carl was right. At a minimum, everyone had a small plastic bag with
something in it. Many people, such as the bicyclists, carried heavier
"Now just hold that image on your head for a moment, and think about how to
set up a global telecommunications network."
Miranda laughed. "I don't have any basis for thinking about something like
"Sure you do. Until now, you've been thinking in terms of the telephone
system in the old passives. In that system, each transaction had two
participants -- the two people having the conversation. And they were
connected by a wire that ran through a certral switchboard. So what are the
key features of this system?"
"I don't know -- I'm asking you," said Miranda.
"Number one, only two people or entities can interact. Number two, it takes
a dedicated connection that is made and broken for the purposes of that one
conversation. Number three, it is inherently centralized -- it can't work
unless there's a central switchboard."
"Okay, I think I'm following you so far."
"Our media system today -- the one that you and I make our livings from --
is a decendant of the phone system only insofar as we use it for
essentially the same purposes, plus many, may more. But the key point to
remember is that *it is totally different from the old phone system*. The
old phone system -- and its technological cousin, the cable TV system --
tanked. It carshed and burned decades ago, and we started virtually from
"Why? It worked, didn't it?"
"First of all, we needed to enable interactions between more than one
entity. What do I mean by entity? Well, think about the ractives. Think
about _First_Class_to_Geneva_ . You're on this train -- so are a couple of
dozen other people. Some of those people are being racted, so in that case
the entities happen to be human beings. But the others-- like the waiters
and porters-- are just software robots. Furthermore, the train is full of
props: jewelry, money, guns, bottles of wine. Each one of those is also a
separate piece of software-- a separate entity. In the lingo, we call them
objects. The train itself is another object, and so is the countryside
through which it travels.
"The countryside is a good example. It happens to be a digital map of
France. Where did this map come from? Did the makers of
_First_Class_to_Geneva_ send out their team of surveyors to make a new map
of France? No, of course they didn't. They used existing data-- a digital
map of the world that is available to any maker of ractives who needs it,
for a price of course. That digital map is a separate object. It resides in
the memory of a computer somewhere. Where exactly? I don't know. Neither
does the ractive itself. It doesn't matter. The data might be in
California, it might be in Paris, it might be down on the corner-- or it
might be distributed among all of those places and many more. It doesn't
matter. Because our media system no longer works like the old system-
dedicated wires passing through a central switchboard. It works like
*that*." Carl pointed to the traffic on the street again.
"So each person on the street is like an object?"
"Possibly. But a better analogy is that the objects are people like us,
sitting in various buildings that front on the street. Suppose that we want
to send a message to someone over in Pudong. We write a message down on a
piece of paper, and we go to the door and hand it to the first person who
goes by and say, 'Take this to Mr. Gu in Pudong.' And he skates down the
street for a while and runs into someone on a bicycle who looks like he
might be headed for Pudong, and says, 'take this to Mr. Gu.'  A minute
later, that person gets stuck in traffic and hands it off to a pedestrian
who can negotiate the snarl a little better, and so on and so on, until it
eventually it reaches Mr. Gu. When Mr. Gu wants to respond, he sends us a
message on the same way."
"So there's no way to trace the path taken by a message."
"Right. And the real situation is more complicated. The media net was
designed from the ground up to provide privacy and security, so that people
could use it to transfer money. That's one reason that nation-states
colapsed-- as soon as the media grid was up and running, financial
transactions could no longer be monitord by governments, and the tax
colelction systems got fubared. So if the IRS, for example, wasn't able to
trace these messages, theen there's no way that you'll be able to track
down Princess Nell."
"Okay, I guess that answers my question," miranda said.
"Good!" Carly said brightly. He was obviously pleased that he'd been able
to help Miranda, and so she didn't tell him how his words had really made
her feel. She treated as an acting challenge: Could she fool Carl
Hollywood, who was sharper about acting than just about anyone, into
thinking that she was fine?
Apparently she did. He escorted her back to her flat, in a hundered story
high-rise just across the river in Pudong, and she held it together long
enough to bid him good-bye, get out of her clothes, and run a bath. Then
climebed into the hot water and dissovled into awful, wretched, blubbery,
self-pitying tears.
Eventually she got it under control. She had to keep this in perspective.
She could still interact with Nell and still did, everyday. And if she paid
attention, sooner or later she would find some way to penetrate the
curtain. Barring that, she was beginning to understand that Nell, whoever
she was, had become marked out in some way, and that in time she would
become a very important person.  Within a few years, Miranda expected to be
reading about her in the newspapers. Feeling better, she got out of the
bath and climbed into bed, getting a good night sleep so she'd be ready for
next day of taking care of Nell.
Go buy this book.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-15 23:14:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: maling list 
Ah. And all this time I thought that cypherpunks was a mauling list.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-17 02:13:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Internet Security Worskhop Call for Papers 
X-Sender: reagle
------- Forwarded Message
Reply-To: papers
                      CALL FOR PAPERS
           INTERNET PRIVACY AND SECURITY WORKSHOP
                   Haystack Observatory, MA
                      May 20-21, 1996
              Privacy and Security Working Group
                   Federal Networking Council
            Research Program on Communications Policy
    Center for Technology, Policy, and Industrial Development
              Massachusetts Institute of Technology
The Privacy and Security Working Group (PSWG) of the Federal
Networking Council (FNC) and the Research Program on Communications
Policy of the Center for Technology, Policy, and Industrial
Development at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology will
hold an invitational workshop at the Haystack Observatory outside
of Boston, MA, on May 20-21, 1996. This workshop is intended to bring
Federal, academic and private sector participants together in
collaboration to develop strategies and potential solutions related
to Internet privacy and security.
Though a principal focus of the workshop will be on the Federal
portion of the Internet, the FNC recognizes that the Federal
Internet is tightly coupled with the Global Internet, whose security
policies, practices, and goals are complementary to those of the
Federal Government. To define those practices, procedures and goals,
the PSWG has undertaken two major initiatives:
- The Federal Internet Security Plan (FISP), which was
  developed as a scalable, continual improvement process, based on
  common principles and mechanisms compatible with Internet community
  values and needs; and
- The Collaborations in Internet Security (CIS) project, an
  effort aimed at testing the strength of agency approaches to
  security and moving these technologies beyond individual agency
  networking environments and into both inter-agency and
  agency-commercial sector communications. The CIS will result in the
  development of a new and sustainable process for developing,
  integrating, and deploying security technologies that are
  interoperable at all levels of the Federal government and within the
  commercial and academic sectors.
These initiatives are intended to highlight the critical interface
between Federal and commercial users and developers of Internet
services and technologies.
This workshop will bring together principal players in the Federal
and overall Internet community to discuss the problems and
challenges of privacy and security on the Internet, and will:
- Identify critical issues, requirements, and recommendations
  related to future Internet privacy and security research and
  development efforts;
- Describe "best practice" approaches to Internet privacy and
  security;
- Develop specific strategies for implementing Internet
  Security programs involving all sectors of the Internet community;
- Extend the Federal Internet Security Plan (FISP) by
  defining specific implementations; and finally,
- Develop specific strategies for the migration of
  technologies from the individual RFC unit test stage to the
  integration of a complete functional managed system in the CIS
  test/demonstration/pilot projects.
Abstracts or complete paper drafts related to the topics listed
above are welcome.  Accepted papers will be a part of the published
record of the workshop.  All points of view on Federal policies
affecting Internet privacy and security are welcome. Please make
all electronic submissions in ASCII format.
For further information or to submit an abstract or paper contact:
     Internet Security and Privacy Workshop c/o Joseph Reagle
     Research Program on Communications Policy
     Massachusetts Institute of Technology
     One Amherst St. (E40-218)
     Cambridge, MA 02139
     Voice: (617) 253-4138.
     Fax:   (617) 253-7326
     papers
SCHEDULE and DEADLINES
Call for papers - March 14, 1996
Abstracts Due   - April 14, 1996
Invitations to Participants - April 20, 1996
Revised/Completed papers due - May 19, 1996
Workshop - May 20-21, 1996
Participation in the workshop is by invitation, based primarily on
submitted papers and abstracts.  Additional individuals may be
invited to ensure that participation reflects a broad cross-section
of the Internet community.
PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Dennis Branstad - Trusted Information Systems (TIS)
Rich Pethia - Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT)
Jeffrey Schiller - Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
Richard Solomon - Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT)
Rick Stevens - Department of Energy /Argonne National Labs (DOE)
STEERING COMMITTEE
Stephen Squires, Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency
                 (FNC/PSWG Co-Chair)
Dennis Steinauer, National Institute of Standards and Technology
                 (FNC/PSWG Co-Chair)
Tice DeYoung, National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA)
Phillip Dykstra, Army Research Laboratory (ARL)
Mike Green, National Security Agency (NSA)
George Seweryniak, Department of Energy (DOE)
Walter Wiebe, Federal Networking Council (FNC)
Federal Internet Security Plan: In September 1995, the PSWG
published the draft Federal Internet Security Plan (FISP).  The FISP
is oriented toward a scalable, continual improvement process, based
on common principles and mechanisms compatible with Internet
community values and needs.  See .  The
plan addresses Internet security requirements, including
interoperability, from the perspective of the goals and objectives
outlined in the National Performance Review (NPR),
  The Federal Networking Council developed
this framework in conjunction with its Advisory Committee which
represents industry, academia, and non-profit sectors.
Action Items, from the FISP, to be addressed during the Workshop:
Internet Security Policy and Policy Support Activities
* Establish overall Internet security policies
* Address security in all Federally supported NII pilots
* Coordinate Internet community involvement
* Establish an ongoing Internet threat database and assessment
  capability
* Identify legal and law enforcement issues
Internet Security and Technology Development
* Develop an Internet security maturity model
* Develop Internet security architecture
* Enhance Internet security services and protocols
* Develop a "Secure-Out-of-the-Box" endorsement
* Enhance application security
Internet Security Infrastructure
* Establish a set of Internet security interoperability testbeds
* Support privacy, authentication, certificate, and security
  services pilots
* Establish Internet security testing and evaluation capabilities
* Improve security incident handling capabilities
* Develop security self-assessment capabilities
* Establish effective secure software and document distribution
  mechanisms
Education and Awareness
* Compile Internet user and site profiles
* Encourage use of available security technologies
* Establish an Internet security information server
* Establish an Internet security symposium/workshop series
* Establish an Internet security fellowship program
Collaborations in Internet Security: With the Federal government's
ever-increasing dependency on computers and distributed systems,
there is great urgency for it to develop and employ enhanced
information system security technologies and practices. At the same
time, these Federal technologies must interoperate with those of the
broader Internet community (encompassing the private and academic
sectors, along with the Federal sector).
In recognition of these needs, the Federal Networking Council's
Privacy & Security Working Group (FNC/PSWG) has been awarded a
National Performance Review (NPR) Innovation Fund grant to compare
and validate agency approaches to security. This Collaborations in
Internet Security (CIS) project aims to test the strength of these
technologies beyond individual agency networking environments,
emphasizing the inter-agency and agency-commercial sector
communications. The CIS will result in the development of a new and
sustainable process for developing, integrating, and deploying
security technology that is interoperable at all levels of the
Federal Government and within the commercial and academic sectors.
The governing principles behind the Security Testbeds include:
employment of an open process (with the activities and results open
to participation and comment by both public and private sector
participants); a focus on multivendor technologies; an emphasis on
testing and experimentally deploying security technologies emerging
from research and private sectors as well as security technologies
currently in use in the commercial environment; and an underlying
objective to ensure interoperability among the broad Internet
community (federal, private, and academic). Initial tests will
include demonstrations of Kerberos v.5, testing of single-use
passwords, and digital signatures. For more information, please see
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-17 05:56:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Implementing Financial Cryptography, The Cybercash Experience 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                        Donald E. Eastlake, III
                  Implementing Financial Cryptography,
                       The Cybercash Experience
                        Tuesday, April 2, 1995
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Donald Eastlake is a Senior Systems Engineer with CyberCash, Inc., operators
of a credit card based secure Internet payment system. He specializes in
security and message protocol design and implementation and is also the
editor for the IETF Domain Name System Security Working Group.
This talk will cover the CyberCash credit card protocol and the lessons
learned in its implementation.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, April 2, 1995 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, March 30, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 May         Perry Metzger    Security Consultant and Cypherpunk
 June        Dan Shutzer      FSTC
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
 August      Duane Hewitt     Idea Futures
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-24 00:22:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: detweiling 
Uh, Rich?...
You've probably been detweiled by Detweiler himself.
Someone around here has a concordance program, called MEDUSA, if I remember
right, which can spot Detweiler pretty well by statistical analysis of the
words he uses.
My hunch is that this particular "anonymous" is LD himself. I take my hint
from this line:
  ^^^^^^^^^^^
... Which could have been put there on purpose. You Never Know... ;-).
All this and the fact that he now wants to convert his name into a verb.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-25 07:19:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The Crow meets the Troll... 
Heees Baaack!
My guess is that Jim Bell's assassination server has gone up, and
Detweiler's psychopharmacologist was the first hit on the list...
Of course, given the quality of the post Larry's responding to, Mr. Mott
may be a "tentacle" of Detweiler himself. ;-)
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-03-25 08:21:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: apology - here is C source code 
I am a junior in high school ...
Looks like I spoke too soon about the "tentacle" thing. My apologies.
Welcome, Mr. Mott.
I have no idea of the quality of your code, but you *do* write code, which
is a *good* thing around here (at least until the "coderpunks" flap).
You should be aware, however, that even though there are many active
cryptographers on this list, most of whom *do* write code, that people
probably won't fall over themselves to look at your first effort. As people
say, "cryptography is hard". It's a science. As such, it takes a long time
to get to the point where you're actually improving the state of the art.
Don't let that stop you from coding new stuff. Far from it. Especially if
you're coding strong cryptographic software based on algorithms of proven
reputation. Lord knows, there are lots of potentially good algorithms out
there that need implementation.
My suggestion is that you put out a request for correspondence so that
people could talk to you about your new work privately, in e-mail. That's
because this list periodically gets unsolicited code like yours, and most
of it isn't worth the time to read, much less do a proper vetting. So it
tends to get trashed upon receipt. Getting together with a bunch of people
in your own shoes may be the best way to start, and I'm sure there are one
or two others on this list who are plinking around implementing stuff just
to see what it looks like.
Nonetheless, the trick, it seems to me, (and I'm a poor person to ask,
because I couldn't code my way out of a paper bag) is to keep plugging away
at stuff like your application, because cryptography is the principal
technology of internet commerce, among other things.
You also might want to look at the cypherpunks archives, read Tim May's
"cyphernomicon" FAQ, and read some good crypto books, not the least of
which is "Applied Cryptography" by Bruce Schneier. If you've done all of
that, and have written your code afterwards, then you probably have made a
nice start. If you haven't looked at the above resouces, you might want to,
and check your new code in light of that new information, and give yourself
a head start on what others might say. If they looked at your code, I mean.
Anyway, welcome to cypherpunks. It's great to have someone of the next
generation on board!
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-03 16:46:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: What backs up digital money? 
I'd like a shot at this...
I sort of blurted this at the coin-BOF at CFP96, and I think I'll still own
up to it, viz,
When money finally goes onto the net, and never comes back, the digital
bearer certificates we call ecash will be a currency. Until then, it's just
a script.
Or is it an interestless bond? ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-04 21:12:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$ Signorage 
Yes. Or maybe even invest it there. I was just finished a little 800 word
blurb for Wired's Idees Fortes section on, (guess what?) "Geodesic
Capital", which talked about just such a scenario.
I believe money which is never redeemed back at the bank is called
signorage in the currency biz.  Whatever signorage *actually* is, Kawika
Daquio of the ABA (B for "Banking"), the Fed makes $20 billion a year on
it. Not much against a trillion dollar federal budget, but, hey, every
little bit helps...
Stuff that doesn't get returned also useful for other stuff, like the
reputation of the currency. When was the last time someone went in and
cashed in their dollars for gold, or silver, at the Fed? It's legally
impossible now, but the French did it until Nixon stopped it by floating
the dollar, in the early seventies, if you remember, and it used to be done
by normal people all the time. Pierpont Morgan had to bail out  Presedent
Garfield?, Cleveland? with a European treasury bond flotation because there
was a run on the treasury at the turn of the century.
Unless, of course, they're in Russia (remember the money plane?), and other
places. That's where that $20MMM comes from, I think, but I'm not sure.
Maybe I'm talking about net balances on the net. e$ in circulation overall.
I'm really starting to stretch here, you can tell. My guess is in the old
days before book-entry stuff like credit cards, and even pervasive checking
accounts, cash had to be more physically robust, because it probably stayed
out longer. Remember those old double-eagles? Gold is certainly durable.
More probably people just exchanged worn-out bills for cleaner ones, but
that meant that the money stayed in cash.
Indeed. On both counts. :-).
If my WAG about digital cash certificates eventually replacing demand
deposits comes about (my claim is that they'll eventually be cheaper, and
maybe more secure someday), then money would tend to stay on the net.
That's when I figure we'll have actual e$-currency. On the other hand, one
of the best deterrents against someone cracking or stealing the bank's key
is to "expire" your currency issues, so there might be some "rolling over"
of the the money on the net, expecially if it's anonymous. Just like they
traded in worn-out bills in the old days.
Hmmm. As usual, I seem to be loosing my wiggle room here. Welcome to
quibble-punks. ;-). (Me! Not you, Hal!)
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-05 01:20:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Digest Version??????? 
I also run e$pam, where I filter the e$-relevant stuff from cypherpunks and
about 50 (don't hold your breath, there isn't that much else out there,
yet) other sources. The total e$pam mail feed is about 30-50% (depends on
the day) of the cypherpunk total.
The e$ home-page is:
e$pam is sponsored, so individual subscriptions are free.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-05 12:15:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$ Signorage 
Ah. That makes much more sense. I've always wanted to know what to call the
interest  an ecash issuer made on the e$ he had out on the net. "None Dare
Call it Seigniorage." Sounds like a 50's movie title...
I bet that's a real number. In terms of its scale in the overall Federal
Universe, to paraphrase Dirksen, "a billion here, a billion there..."
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-05 23:38:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Wired didn't like this one.... 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: rah (Robert Hettinga)
Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
 ...but I like it. Said it was a little too "fast paced". (For WIRED???)
I'm starting over on another, so you guys might as well see this one...
It *was* supposed to go into their Idees Fortes (Or, as my brother Mike in
Albuqerque says, in his best Jose Jimenez, "Stron' Gideas") section. Now
something else is, once I write it. Feh!
It's 800 words. Exactly.
Bob Hettinga
  ---
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-11 03:00:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: onyma 
Ah. I get it. Like Bass-omatic...
But, but, wasn't Bass-o-matic crypto, once?

@_date: 1996-04-11 16:33:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Gold Denominated Burmese Opium Futures? 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                            Perry E. Metzger
         "Possible Futures: The Impact of Ubiquitous High Speed
               Networking on Intermediation and Regulation"
                                  or
        "With Spring Street Brewing shares trading on the web, are
            gold denominated Burmese opium futures inevitable?"
                        *Monday*, May 6, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Perry Metzger is the President of Piermont Information Systems Inc.,
a consulting firm specializing in communications and computer
systems security. He has worked for, or consulted to, the New York
financial community for most of the last decade. He has been
strongly involved with the Internet Engineering Task Force's
security area for some time, and is the author of several security
related RFCs. He is also the co-chair of the IETF's Simple Public
Key Infrastructure working group, which is developing public key
cryptographic standards for the internet.
Networking technology is racing far ahead of culture. Fiber optics
offer the possibility of cheap truly ubiquitous internet service in
the tens of gigabits per second within the decade, and cheap high
speed mobile connectivity is also likely. We will likely live in a
world where anyone can sit in a park with a cheap laptop and
communicate over a multi-megabit per second channel to any other
civilized location on the planet. This development may radically
change our culture, and with it the nature of regulation and
intermediation in the marketplace. Although opium futures trading
might not be inevitable, the scope of the trends we are facing should
not be underestimated. Mr. Metzger will discuss these and similar
developments; he will also discuss the limits to our ability to
predict or alter the course such changes will take.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
*Monday*, May 6, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
Please note that this meeting is on *Monday* this month, due to a scheduling
problem at the Harvard Club. We go back to meeting on the first Tuesday of
the month in June.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, March 30, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 June        Dan Shutzer      FSTC
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
 August      Duane Hewitt     Idea Futures
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-14 03:14:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PEP Announcement (fwd) 
I'm using it. I actually went out and bought OneClick to do so, mostly
because I wanted to mess around with scripts for other things and OneClick
looks pretty painless to use.
PEP works pretty much as advertised, except that the finger operations take
too long for my ISP to execute sometimes, and evidently the finger events
in Eudora aren't robust enough to wait for the operations to complete, so a
"wait" has to run. The work-around is to manually do the finger instensive
"get cypherpunks remailer names" and "get remailer-keys" operations with
eudora, copy the results, and then run the scripts.
Anyway, I bashed on it, and PGP, a bit, and now there's a palette when I
use Eudora which I can click to do chained remails, which I was never
really able to do before. It also does signs, which are fine, and encrypts,
which are also fine, but the decrypts come up in the PGP window, which is
crypto-correct, I suppose, but I like the dump-it-into-it's-own-mail-window
result of the original OSA scripts which come with MacPGP. This is useful
if you actually want to reply to an encrypted mail message. One of the
other things that is nice about the original MacPGP scripts is that they
automatically verify signatures on decryption, and, at the same time, they
also automagically add any attached keys to your keyring, pending
certification, etc.
Anyway, if you have OneClick already, then PEP is a way cool thing to have.
Here. I'll sign this message with it.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-11 22:42:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NPR is talking about smart card purses... 
Chase, Citi, MC and others are offering a stored value card on the west
side of Manhattan. They're saying that smart cards are faster than cash.
Stick the card in, say yes to the amount.  The terminals are wired directly
to a bank account, so we're looking at a book entry system, it looks
The announcer is breathless at the possibilities....
I wonder if this is CAFE, Mondex, or what? anyone know?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-11 21:11:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PEP Announcement (fwd) 
Got me there. I didn't even check for it. Heh. Now I know better...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-13 06:15:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Demonizing the Opposition: Bruce "The Toolman" Taylor 
At CFP96, Bruce Taylor, Brock Meek's "lawyer with brass balls", and Declan
McCullagh's "architect of the CDA" (who seems like a Pretty Stand-Up Guy,
except he wants to tell us how to think), sat on the dias and made
repetitive inflamatory references to a picture of "female genitalia nailed
to a board", and others to a picture of "a penis with a blister on it",
citing them as examples of the Rampant Filth and Corruption We Find on the
Internet Today, Brothers and Sisters, Say Haleluja.
Unfortunately, as hard as I tried to remain true to the Spirit of CFP, and
not Demonize the Opposition, I couldn't help but come up with a spiffy new
moniker for Mr. Taylor, which I will try to remember to use from time to
time, viz.,
Bruce "Penis with a Blister" Taylor
abbreviated PWAB, or "Blister" I suppose
Of course, the CDA-able version of this proposed new handle would be,
Bruce "The Toolman" Taylor
shortened to "Toolie"? "The Tool"? "Toolboy"?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Reality is not optional." --Thomas Sowell
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-13 12:33:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
How fortuitous!
Yeah. What *he* said.
Actually, this gratuitous waste of bandwidth brought to you by my new .sig,
courtesy of my samoan attorney, one Vincent Moscaritolo. Vinnie, to his
Bob Hettinga
Note new .sig!
\|/ \|/ \|/
 V   V   V
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they just passed a few more laws, we could all be criminals." --Vinnie
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-18 13:37:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re[2]: on corporations and subpoenas 
Your metaphor escapes me...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-19 04:13:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: The CDA and Mrs. G vs. the MTB and Mr. T. -- SINless DBCs? 
Comments: Authenticated sender is Priority: normal
Sender: postmaster
Precedence: bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Robert Hettinga
The CDA and Mrs. G vs. the MTB and Mr. T. -- SINless DBCs?
Recently, Mark Twain Bank (MTB, for short) of St. Louis, Missouri,
cancelled the ecash accounts of known pornographers. We haven't heard
anything about this from Frank Trotter (Mr. T, for short), the bond trader
who runs MTB's ecash program, or anybody else at the bank, for that matter,
and it dawns on me today that we shouldn't really expect to.  MTB is
completely within its rights, as any bank is, to refuse an account to
anyone, for any reason whatsoever, except where required *not* to do so by
statute. Now, there's a paradox, yes?
Fortunately, we don't have to do too much tweaking to get an underwriting
system for digital bearer certificates (DBCs, for short) which gets us
around around the current unpleasantness, one which scales nicely into a
totally anonymous system, and which still allows heavily regulated (and
censored) banks of deposit like MTB to profit quite well from cash-settled
digital commerce on the internet.
An interesting thing about this particular epsiode of self-censorship is
that MTB did this *before* the Communications Decency Act (CDA) made
offensive discourse -- of any kind, anywhere on the net -- illegal in the
United States. As an aside, the CDA reminds me of the old chestnut about
politically correct Cambridge (Massachusetts) during the first convulsions
of second-hand-smoke mania: "In Cambridge, it's illegal to smoke in
MTB, or its antecedants, has probably *always* cancelled a pornographer's
bank account upon discovery, and has been doing this since long before
*computers* existed, much less geodesic public networks. Rather than
excoriate Mr. Trotter and company for bobbling the future, we should
remember that Robert Heinlein's famous nosy-spinster next-door neighbor,
Mrs. Grundy (Mrs. G, for short), *also* lives in Missouri. I spent
middle-to-late adolescence there, and believe me, having moved late one
July in the mid-1970's from Anchorage, AK to Ballwin, MO -- which I once
likened to going from Haight-Ashbury to Happy Days in a single plane ride

@_date: 1996-04-19 04:32:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [Explanation] Re: "STOP SENDING ME THIS SHIT" 
In my ongoing quest for net.buckyness I sent a subscribe message to the
synergetics-l list, and got back a password, which I had to use to actually
subscribe. It looked like a majordomo hack of some kind...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-23 10:23:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [Laffs] Citizen in need of correction 
rah (Robert A. Hettinga))
Lines: 4
Sender: remailer
NNTP-Posting-Host: utopia.hacktic.nl
Comments: Xref: news-central.tiac.net talk.politics.crypto:205
talk.politics.libertarian:3955 alt.politics.libertarian:5165
alt.society.anarchy:606 alt.privacy:251 alt.security.pgp:802
alt.activism:3485 alt.anarchism:116 alt.cyberpunk:492
X-Newsreader: Yet Another NewsWatcher 2.1.2
We seem to have a problem with an inconsiderate citizen. This is a call
for bids on the case of jimbell (jimbell)

@_date: 1996-04-24 06:26:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [Flatulence] Re: EYE_suk 
Is it just me, or is this sentence funny?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-24 14:15:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PEP Announcement (fwd) 
Hey, Amos!
Talk to me about using your spiffy chain-remailing script button with the
new Eudora...
It asks me for a directory in an open box now, and urps...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-24 15:37:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PEP Announcement (fwd) 
...and the rest of the planet.
Sorry, folks.
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-27 14:03:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: What Wired proposes, NetlyNews Disposes ;-). 
I just sent a third (from scratch) iteration of the OpEd article Wired
wanted this afternoon. Meanwhile, I sold the first (from scratch) iteration
to NetlyNews, viz,
I believe I'm having fun now...
No. I'm *not* an economist. I don't even play one on the net...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-30 14:04:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Gold Denominated Burmese Opium Futures? 
Notice the *corrected* reservation deadline of May 4th, 1996, and the
meeting day of Monday instead of the usual Tuesday...
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
            (Formerly The Boston Society for Digital Commerce)
                               Presents
                            Perry E. Metzger
         "Possible Futures: The Impact of Ubiquitous High Speed
               Networking on Intermediation and Regulation"
                                  or
        "With Spring Street Brewing shares trading on the web, are
            gold denominated Burmese opium futures inevitable?"
                        *Monday*, May 6, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Perry Metzger is the President of Piermont Information Systems Inc.,
a consulting firm specializing in communications and computer
systems security. He has worked for, or consulted to, the New York
financial community for most of the last decade. He has been
strongly involved with the Internet Engineering Task Force's
security area for some time, and is the author of several security
related RFCs. He is also the co-chair of the IETF's Simple Public
Key Infrastructure working group, which is developing public key
cryptographic standards for the internet.
Networking technology is racing far ahead of culture. Fiber optics
offer the possibility of cheap truly ubiquitous internet service in
the tens of gigabits per second within the decade, and cheap high
speed mobile connectivity is also likely. We will likely live in a
world where anyone can sit in a park with a cheap laptop and
communicate over a multi-megabit per second channel to any other
civilized location on the planet. This development may radically
change our culture, and with it the nature of regulation and
intermediation in the marketplace. Although opium futures trading
might not be inevitable, the scope of the trends we are facing should
not be underestimated. Mr. Metzger will discuss these and similar
developments; he will also discuss the limits to our ability to
predict or alter the course such changes will take.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
*Monday*, May 6, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have a jacket and tie dress code.
Please note that this meeting is on *Monday* this month, due to a scheduling
problem at the Harvard Club. We go back to meeting on the first Tuesday of
the month in June.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, May 4, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 June        Dan Shutzer      FSTC
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
 August      Duane Hewitt     Idea Futures
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-01 05:24:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) E-Commerce Info. Needed 
Reply directly to this person, and not me, please...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Dear sir,
I'm doing a project on Security and E-Commerce. I would like to know if you
could help me on my search of information on two subjects:
* Graphics and statistics about the growth of the e-commerce in the last
years, and also on the attacks to comercial sites on this period.
* Future tendencies, projects... on e-commerce, and how security is going
to affect the future on the commercial sites.
When I say 'information' I'm talking about URL's (of course)
Thanks a lot, and please forgive my bad use of English!
Joan Andreu (Universitat de les Illes Balears)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-01 10:44:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Smartcards are coming to the US 
Proof that cash is cheaper than credit? Certificates cheaper than
book-entries? ;-).
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-04-24 17:02:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (fwd) Statement on Merchants - Mark Twain Banks 
I knew it!
There *is* an echo in here...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: merchant
Precedence: bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Ecash - Its Your Money!
Mark Twain Bank both supports and promotes free speech.  Our adoption
of the Ecash secure payment system written by DigiCash is one of the
most important statements we think we can make about our belief in
privacy.  We believe that all sites should have the ability to publish
or promote as they choose, and to do business with whom they choose.
Mark Twain is a public company regulated by multiple governmental
entities.  In the ordinary course of business, the company chooses
with whom it does business every day. The company has no obligation to
                                      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
conduct business with anyone it deems to be inappropriate.  The
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ;-).
company will decline to accept any web site that sells graphics or
items that would, in the sole and conservative judgement of the Bank,
be offensive to the primary constituents of the Bank and other online
vendors. Defining what is acceptable is an ongoing process of the
Bank's Oversight Review Committee. Anyone with questions about
specific acceptability should contact the committee by email.
At this time the regulatory framework for Ecash and other online
payment mechanisms is not established.  We expect that we will be
required to present the case for this new payment mechanism before
legislative and regulatory bodies.  This means that the ultimate
success of Ecash will depend, in part, on our ability to provide
regulatory bodies with a rational argument why current restrictive
regulations should be broadened.  If opposing parties are able to
divert the discussion away from these essential elements into an
argument about controversial products that may be available, then the
goal of universal acceptance may not be met.
As banks from around the world adopt Ecash, customers will be able to
use their Mark Twain issued Ecash to make purchases globally without
restriction.  Mark Twain believes that all Ecash issuing banks should
be inter-operable, and that such purchase transactions are private
matters of the individuals utilizing Ecash.  One could certainly
imagine that merchants not acceptable to Mark Twain could be
acceptable elsewhere.
Thank you for your patience, and your comments.
Mark Twain Bank
"Ecash" is a trademark of DigiCash bv
"Mark Twain Banks" is a trademark of
 Mark Twain Bancshares, Inc.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-04 15:48:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: The Wealth of Nation-States 
Cashflow taxation, like the income tax, is a good *industrial* system of
taxation. It operates very well in the hierarchical communications network
of an industrial economy, especially in a world of expensive automated
processors. It favors unsecure transactions on secure, closed networks.
SWIFT (the interbank funds transfer system), NASDAQ (the "over-the-counter"
equity market system), and NIDS (the old National Institutional Delivery
System, where institutional trades were settled), are all just closed
networks, "clubs" as Eric Hughes calls them. Expensive bulletin boards.
However, in a world of ubiquitous, exponentially increasing semiconductor
switches of financial information, all using strong cryptography on
geodesic public networks, you get the virtual end of intercompany
book-entry transaction processing. Instead of swapping book-entries across
secure links, economic entities will eventually trade using anonymous
digital bearer certificates across insecure links, usually in an auction
market of some kind, settling all of their transactions for cash at the
time of the transaction.
It's economics, actually. As Moore's law progresses, the size of a given
economic entity, especially the financial intermediaries responsible for
underwriting and clearing certificates, gets increasingly smaller, until
someday it's an automated bot of some kind. At the same time, the cost of
maintaining a spaghetti-bowl of audit trails between all of those entities
becomes increasingly harder to sustain, and not just in computing
resources. It's also in time value of money. You collect the time value of
your money while it's "in transit": while it's actually sitting in your
bank account waiting to be paid to the other party of a trade. Unpaid
bills, check float, and unrevolved monthly credit card balances are all
good examples of this. As financial entities get smaller, more ubiquitous,
and more competitive, margins shrink and this becomes much more important.
Kind of like gravity and mass. Insignificant at one size, virtually the
only force at the other extreme of the scale. Because it settles instantly,
without any float, cash literally becomes king in this environment.
All of this is just as well. Strong cryptography makes the point moot.  Not
only do you have internet-level anonymizing protocols, but you also have
the certificate protocols themselves. You can't know who you're doing
business with, anyway.
When you don't have book-entries (cashflows) to tax, you can't tax
book-entries, which means nation-states can't have income, value-added,
sales, excise, import, export, or any other transaction tax, because they
just can't see any of those transactions behind a wall of strong
Fortunately, the nice thing about these certificate-based technologies is
that as they become more prevalent, the need for nation-states to apply
force to guarantee the honesty of the trading parties diminishes. The need
for force doesn't go away; physical security is always necessary, just like
air is. However, it is no longer so necessary to use it to deal with
repudiated trades in a large number of markets, especially those for money
and information.
At the transaction level, the protocol breaks if the requisite conditions
of the transaction aren't met. At the relationship level, if someone
repudiates a trade, they can be shunned. As Moore's law collapses the size
of the trades themselves, the abundance of competing entities in a given
certificate-based market reduces the risk of repudiation point-failure in
that market effectively to zero. Which means, you don't have to pay Uncle
to keep trading partners honest anymore. Which, as we saw before, is a good
thing, because you couldn't find them, anyway. ;-).
Given that the modern nation-state is a hierarchical industrial
organization anyway, -- a literal "force trust", to misapropriate ninteenth
century parlance -- it seems that its inability to finance itself in a
geodesic market seems inevitable. Competitive markets for all the services
it performs will eventually emerge.
We live in interesting times.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-04 22:25:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: proposed anti-pseudospoofing law in Georgia 
Ah. Well, I suppose that beats the "Diamond Age" method...
Tim May
AKA Bob Hettinga
AKA Nick Szabo
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-07 14:35:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Is the network layer geodesic? 
Actually, I once lapsed and *did* say the "h" word about the network layer
around here about 6 months ago, and I got slapped severely around the head
and sholders, by Gilmore, if memory serves.
Knowing enough not to argue with my elders and betters, :-), I immediately
recanted and now assert geodecity(!) until proven otherwise.
If I remember right, Gilmore said something about a monstorous
preponderence of packet traffic still being handled by relatively beensy
direct lines...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-07 17:39:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Press Release: Ecash to be Issued by Deutsche Bank 
Precedence: bulk
Please find attached today's press release on our cooperation with
Deutsche Bank. If you need any further information, please contact
us at: press
Kindest regards,
Paul Dinnissen
DigiCash BV
    Since beginning operation in April 1990, DigiCash's mission and
primary activity has been: to develop and license payment technology
products--chip card, software only, and hybrid--that both show the
true capability of technology to protect the interests of all
participants and are competitive in the market.
    Dr. David Chaum, managing director of DigiCash, received his
Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University of California at
Berkeley, then taught at New York University Graduate School of
Business Administration and at the University of California, and
headed the Cryptography Group at CWI, the Dutch nationally funded
center for research in mathematics and computer science, before
taking his current position. He has published over 45 original
technical articles on cryptography and also founded the International
Association for Cryptologic Research.
DigiCash Products
    Using ecash is likeas easy as using a virtual ATM (Automatic
Teller Machine). When you connect over the Internet and authenticate
your ownership of the account, you can withdraw money electronically.
Instead of giving you bank notes, you are given digital coins which
your software can store on your PC's hard disk.
    When you want to make a payment, you simply confirm the amount,
payee and description of goods, with a mouse click you tell your
ecash software to transfer coins of the correct value from your PC
direct to the payee.  Merchants, (ranging from casual participants in
the global Internet bazaar to mega-retailers) can then deposit the
digital coins into their ecash accounts.
    Behind the user interface, your computer actually creates
'serial' numbers for the electronic coins based on a random `seed'.
Then it hides them in special encryption `envelopes', sends them to
the electronic bank for `signature' and, when they are returned,
removes the `envelopes' (retaining the bank's validating digital
signature on the `serial' numbers). This way, when the bank
(eventually) receives your coins, it cannot recognize them as coming
from any particular withdrawal or account, because all coins are
hidden from the bank during the withdrawal process. Therefore the
bank cannot know when or where you shop, who you pay or what you buy.
    The `serial' number' of each signed coin is unique, so that the
bank can be sure that it never accepts the same coin twice. If you
wish to identify the recipient of any of your payments, you may
reveal the unique coin number and use your ecash software to prove
that you created it and get the bank to confirm who deposited it.
Your software can also re-create the `serial' numbers and `envelopes'
from the `seed' that you wrote down when installing your account,
thereby allowing all your coins to be re-created if your PC fails.
How safe is ecash?
----------- END PRESS RELEASE ---
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-07 17:27:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Police tactics question 
No, no, no, no, no.... It's Bruce "Penis with a Blister" Taylor. Remember?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-08 13:17:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ecash payee anonymity, cpunk archives 
Which reminds me...
Anybody know offhand which countries *aren't* signatories to the (Berne?)
copyright conventions?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-14 16:51:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: The FSTC Electronic Check Project 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                              Frank Jaffe,
                      of The Bank of Boston and
          The Financial Services Technology Consortium (FSTC)
                  "The FSTC Electronic Check Project"
                        Tuesday, June 4, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Frank Jaffe is a Senior Systems Consultant in the Applied Technology Group at
the Bank of Boston.  Frank is currently the project manager for the FSTC
Electronic Check project which involves over 30 companies.  Frank has
played a leadership role in planning the amalgamation of Bank of Boston's five
major retail computer systems into a single, common software system; acting
as project leader for a new teller system, and leading the screen phone R&D
project in cooperation with Northern Telecom and Bellcore.
The FSTC Electronic Check project will develop an enhanced all-electronic
replacement to the paper check. Electronic checks will be used like paper
checks, by businesses and consumers, and will use existing inter-bank
clearing systems. Like its paper counterpart, the Electronic Check
represents a self contained "information object," which has all of the
information necessary to complete a payment. Likewise, paper checkbooks are
replaced by portable Electronic Checkbooks; pens & signatures are replaced
by signature card functions and digital signatures using advanced
cryptographic techniques; stamps and envelopes by electronic mail or other
communications options such as the World Wide Web over the Internet.
The fully automated processing capabilities of Electronic Checks opens the
possibility of other types of financial instruments, such as electronic
cashiers, travelers, and certified checks. Electronic check writing and
processing will be integrated into existing applications, from cash
registers to personal checkbook managers to large corporate accounting
systems, to greatly increase the convenience, and reduce the costs, of
writing, accepting, and processing checks.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, June 4, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men, and
"appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, May 4, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
 August      Duane Hewitt     Idea Futures
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-16 01:34:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Leaflet for First Monday 
robert hettinga , ed krol ,
        bonnie nardi , ian peter ,
        rich wiggins , vint cerf ,
        Ed Valauskas ,
        Esther Dyson , Rishab Aiyer Ghosh Dear Everybody
Once again I forward you the plain text version of the First Monday
leaflet, which I kindly urge you to distribute.
Best regards
Pernille Hammels|
Journals Division
e-mail: journals
Content-ID: Content-Description: Leaflet for First Monday
CALL FOR PAPERS
Edward J. Valauskas, Internet Mechanics, Chicago, IL, USA
Consulting Editor
Esther Dyson EDventure Holdings, New York, NY, USA (dyson
International Editor
Rishab Aiyer Ghosh, The Indian Techonomist, New Delhi, India
Editorial Board
Vinton G. Cerf, Senior, Vice-Presiden at MCI
Tony Durham, The Times Higher Education Supplement, UK
Robert A. Hettinga, Shipwright Development Corp., USA
Ed Krol, University of Illinois, USA
Bonnie Nardi, Apple Computer, USA
Ian Peter, Ian Peter and Associates
Cathsworth Island, Australia
Rich Wiggins, Michigan State University, USA
First Monday is a peer-reviewed journal on the Internet - about the
Internet. This
scientific journal expands the frontiers of academic publishing by
combining the
tradi-tional values of peer-reviewing and strict quality control with a new
way of
publishing on the World Wide Web.
Aim and Scope
The aim of First Monday is to publish original articles about the Internet
and the Global
Information Infrastructure. First Monday will:
-       follow the political and regulatory regimes affecting the Internet
-       examine the use of the Internet on a global scale, by analyzing
economic, technical,
        and social factors
-       analyze research and development of Internet software and hardware
-       study the use of the Internet in specific communities
-       report on standards
-       discuss the content of the Internet
First Monday will appear in three formats
1. Monthly Mail from a Mail Server
First Monday will appear first of all as an electronic mail posting from
the First Monday
listserver. This issue of First Monday will be sent to the subscribers on
the first monday
of every month as an ASCII text file. It will include all the articles of
each issue and
pointers to information resources located at various Web, Gopher, and other
2. Web Site
This is the place where subscribers - and newcomers - can read about the
journal, learn
how to subscribe, read previously published articles, and submit
manu-scripts and other
materials for publication. This Web Site will also provide access to
objects and files that
are part of the articles. These objects and files can be downloaded. All
back issues of
First Monday will also be available for downloading.
3. Annual CD-ROM
First Monday will also appear as an annual CD-ROM, containing all articles
published in
a given year. This CD-ROM will be offered at a low price to subscribers at
the end of the
Will paper versions be available?
First Monday is an experiment in electronic publishing, exploring the
possibilities of
communicating in this Internet medium. At the insistence of subscribers, we
can offer
printing, but only on-demand.
The flow of a typical article, from author to publication:
-       An author is contacted by an Editor to write an _article, or
-       An author submits an article to a Editor by electronic mail. The
article is
        forwarded by electronic mail to the Editorial Office in Chicago.
-       The Editorial Office starts the peer-review process by forwarding
the article to
        reviewers by electronic mail. The Editorial Office is responsible
for tracking the
        article, handling comments from editors and _reviewers to authors,
editing, and
        creating a final accepted article.
-       This initial peer-reviewing process is private.
-       Articles that are accepted for publication are distributed to all
subscribers in the
        monthly mail, and posted on the First Monday Web Site. The Web Site
        of the article is likely to contain objects (illustrations,
programs, and other digital
        items) that are not included in the monthly mailing of the plain
ASCII text.
-       All articles published in First Monday will be included in an
annual archival
        CD-ROM. This CD-ROM will be offered to subscribers at a low price.
How to submit articles
To submit an article to First Monday, simply send it _by electronic mail to
the Editorial
Office (Edward J. Valauskas), valauskas
Preference will be given to articles which take advantage of the Internet,
using graphics,
programs, HTML features and components, and other features not pos-sible in
The text of the article (exclusive of any other objects like pictures,
tables et cetera) should
not exceed 30.000 characters.
The manuscript must be in its final form, as a plain ASCII text, suited for
distribution in
the monthly e-mail. If an Internet resource is cited, just type in the URL.
can be marked up in HTML, as long as the tags are recognizable by most
popular Web
Non-text objects, like pictures, programs, spreadsheets, audio files, and
full motion video
files, can be part of an article. These non-text objects must be forwarded
as binary files to
the Editorial Office. Non-text should conform to well established de facto
standards on the
net: PDF, GIF, JPEG et cetera.
Priority will be given to particular items of a high scientific standard,
and articles with a
relevant timeframe can be published at short notice as a rapid publication.
Only original papers written in English will be considered for publication.
Authors submitting a paper to First Monday automatically agree to assign
copyright to
Munksgaard International Publishers if and when the manuscript is accepted for
The articles published in First Monday are protected by copyright, which covers
translation rights and the right to reproduce and distribute all of the
articles in the journal.
Authors submitting a paper to First Monday do so in the understanding that
publishing on the Internet is a new opportunity and challenge, but also a
step into a new
territory, where authors and publishers do not always have the means to
protect against
unauthorized copying or editing of copyright protected works.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-16 05:07:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: The FSTC Electronic Check Project 
Notice the corrected reservation deadline date (now June 1st, 1996) :-)
Sorry about that...
Bob Hettinga
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                              Frank Jaffe,
                      of The Bank of Boston and
          The Financial Services Technology Consortium (FSTC)
                  "The FSTC Electronic Check Project"
                        Tuesday, June 4, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Frank Jaffe is a Senior Systems Consultant in the Applied Technology Group at
the Bank of Boston.  Frank is currently the project manager for the FSTC
Electronic Check project which involves over 30 companies.  Frank has
played a leadership role in planning the amalgamation of Bank of Boston's five
major retail computer systems into a single, common software system; acting
as project leader for a new teller system, and leading the screen phone R&D
project in cooperation with Northern Telecom and Bellcore.
The FSTC Electronic Check project will develop an enhanced all-electronic
replacement to the paper check. Electronic checks will be used like paper
checks, by businesses and consumers, and will use existing inter-bank
clearing systems. Like its paper counterpart, the Electronic Check
represents a self contained "information object," which has all of the
information necessary to complete a payment. Likewise, paper checkbooks are
replaced by portable Electronic Checkbooks; pens & signatures are replaced
by signature card functions and digital signatures using advanced
cryptographic techniques; stamps and envelopes by electronic mail or other
communications options such as the World Wide Web over the Internet.
The fully automated processing capabilities of Electronic Checks opens the
possibility of other types of financial instruments, such as electronic
cashiers, travelers, and certified checks. Electronic check writing and
processing will be integrated into existing applications, from cash
registers to personal checkbook managers to large corporate accounting
systems, to greatly increase the convenience, and reduce the costs, of
writing, accepting, and processing checks.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, June 4, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men, and
"appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, June 1, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
 August      Duane Hewitt     Idea Futures
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-18 17:58:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: HUGE denial of service attack against any ecash customer!!! 
Ian Goldberg seems to be on a roll. First he figured out how to find out
how anyone can determine anyone else's ecash mint balances, and now he does
The man's a genius. If you don't believe it, ask me, I'll tell you. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Path: not-for-mail
Newsgroups: isaac.lists.ecash
Organization: ISAAC Group, UC Berkeley
Lines: 42
Sender: owner-ecash
Precedence: bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
(Again Cc:'d to ecash-feedback, hoping for a security prize.  I wonder
 who's keeping track...  Also Cc:'d to cypherpunks, for fun...)
So I had some more free time... (Dave cringes when I say that.)
Here's a cute one:
Give me an account number, and I can prevent it from being used until
an arbitrary time in the future (of my choosing).
How?  Simple.
Send a deposit message with 0 coins (well, any message will work, I think, but
this is one of the simplest messages there is) with a timestamp of some future
Messages stamped prior to that (such as everything coming from the
actual user for that account, until the time comes) will be politely
discarded.  (Actually, I think the last reply to a withdrawal request
is continually resent, but I'm not exactly sure of this.)  In any case,
the actual user will be unable to withdraw money from his mint until
the time sent in the denial-of-service message.  (Unless he forward-dates
his computer's clock, or something...)
I've tested this against myself and Sameer (with his cooperation, of course).
Anyone else want to be locked out for an hour?  (Actually, I could pretty
effectively lock out _everyone_ for an arbitrarily long time, it seems...)
   - Ian "Right.  I want the sources to the client and the server
          released.  Now."  :-)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-19 13:09:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
This is a rumor. It is only a rumor. If you don't want to read a rumor,
please hit your "d" key now...
A wierd thing happened to me today.
I was talking to someone who was talking to someone (have I said this is a
rumor yet?) who was solicited for comment by a Very Famous Reporter about
the fact that  DSS, the Digital Signature Standard, promulgated by NIST, I
believe, had been broken.
I seem to remember people scoffing about it here when it came out, so news
of it's breaking is probably not a big deal to some of us. However, I
understand that people are shipping product and offering consulting
services based on DSS, and if the rumor is in fact true, there may be more
fun and games in the press about it...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-19 23:49:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Rumor: DSS Broken? 
That's what I get for not reading the DSS stuff when it came out. I'd heard
lots about the MD5 stuff, but I didn't put the two together.
It also looks like I'm behind in my reading.  Time to buy another edition
of Applied Cryptography...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-21 15:34:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Banking and Commerce Conference 
Encoding: 279 TEXT
Sender: owner-ecash
Precedence: bulk
Status: U
21st Century Banking Alert No. 96-5-20
May 20, 1996
ELECTRONIC BANKING AND COMMERCE CONFERENCE TO BE HELD IN
WASHINGTON, D.C. ON JUNE 7, 1996
FRIED, FRANK, HARRIS, SHRIVER & JACOBSON
ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP
THE SECURA GROUP
*  *  *
A One-Day Conference
ELECTRONIC BANKING AND COMMERCE:
FINDING YOUR PLACE IN THE FUTURE
*  *  *
June 7, 1996
8:00 a.m. to 5:45 p.m.
Renaissance Hotel
Washington, D.C.
ABOUT THE CONFERENCE
     1996 is likely to be a pivotal year for the introduction of electronic
banking and commerce in the United States. Among the major developments that
will mark 1996 as an historic year in this field are:
     The Federal Reserve Board proposes the first major regulatory
initiative to address the treatment of stored value products.
     Stored value cards are introduced to the public in a television
commercial seen by millions during the Super Bowl followed by a high
visibility pilot project during the Atlanta Summer Olympics.
     Visa and Mastercard reach agreement on protocol for secure transmission
of credit card information over the Internet.
     Electronic cash becomes available for transmission over the
     Banks and software providers engage in a major effort to attract bank
customers to on-line banking services.
     Usage of the World Wide Web for product marketing expands
     Landmark telecommunications reform legislation is enacted.
     These developments present both an opportunity and a challenge for
banks, financial services firms, technology providers and a wide range of
commercial enterprises.  The construction of the electronic financial
services delivery system of the 21st Century will be driven by technology
and will require a comprehensive reevaluation and realignment of consumer
preferences, privacy, security, costs and conveniences.  Simultaneously,
these new delivery systems will be directly affected by emerging government
regulation related to law enforcement, monetary policy, bank regulation and
consumer protection.  The conference is designed to provide participants
with a broad insight into these factors, to hear from the leaders who will
drive this process and thus offer participants a basis for evaluating the
near and long term prospects for the banking industry and other financial
services providers in the new world of electronic commerce.
About the Sponsors
     Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson is a nationally recognized law
firm with over 400 lawyers in New York, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles,
London and Paris.  The firm's financial services practice is led by Thomas
P. Vartanian, who has written and spoken widely on electronic banking and
commerce issues and is a member of the editorial board of the Electronic
Banking and Commerce Report.  The firm offers the 21st Century Banking Alert
Page*, which can be found on the World Wide Web at
     Arthur Andersen LLP is a unit of Andersen Worldwide, the leading
professional services organization in the world with over 360 offices in
more than 70 countries and over $8 billion in revenues.  Arthur Andersen's
Financial Markets Practice has a dedicated, international team of over 5,000
professionals who provide a full range of assurance, risk management,
business consulting, economic and financial consulting and tax advisory
services to over 10,000 financial services institutions in banking, capital
markets and insurance.
     The Secura Group is among the nation's preeminent financial services
consulting firms, offering strategic planning, financial advisory,
organizational and management consulting, risk management, and regulatory
counseling services to financial institutions throughout the United States.
 Headquartered in Washington, D.C., Secura also maintains offices in Boston,
Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco.
 _________________________*________________________
8:00 a.m.
Remarks by Daniel Eldridge, Vice President, DigiCash
9:00 a.m.
Program Overview
Dorsey L. Baskin, Jr., Partner, Arthur Andersen LLP
Thomas P. Vartanian, Partner, Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson
9:15 a.m.
What New Technology Means for Banks
How will technology affect the competitive position between depository
How much of a threat do banks face from non-bank competitors?
What approaches are available to banks?
John P. Danforth, Managing Director, The Secura Group
Charles M. Nathan, Partner, Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson
Thomas P. Vartanian, Partner, Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson
Richard M. Whiting, Senior Director for Regulatory Affairs and General
The Bankers Roundtable
10:35 a.m.
What New Technology Means for Non-Banks
What are the prospects for Internet commerce?
When does a non-bank become a bank?
How will non-banks work with banks?
Implications of the new telecommunications legislation.
Robert H. Ledig, Partner, Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson
Robert J. Lesko, Managing Partner, Financial Services Industry, ATT
Thomas Nelson, Manager, Arthur Andersen LLP
Phoebe Simpson, Analyst, Jupiter Communications
11:50 a.m.
On-line Banking
Options available to banks.
Web site banking.
Key considerations and risks for banks.
Dorsey L. Baskin, Jr., Partner, Arthur Andersen LLP
Lance Conn, Counsel, AOL Services
12:30 p.m.
Remarks by Tim Jones, Chief Executive, Mondex
2:00 p.m.
Stored Value Products and Smart Cards
The Federal Reserve Board's proposed revision to Regulation E.
Deposit insurance issues.
Design and structure of these products.
William F. Keenan, Senior Vice President, Marketing and Business
NatWest Bank (Delaware)
Jeffrey M. Kopchik, Senior Policy Analyst, Federal Deposit Insurance
3:00 p.m.
Electronic Money
Understanding the various models for electronic money.
Legal and competitive issues.
Credit card usage on the Internet.
Jim Richardson, Senior Manager, Arthur Andersen LLP
Frank O. Trotter, III, Senior Vice President and Director,
International Markets Division, Mark Twain Bank
Peter Wayner, Author, Digital Cash:  Commerce On The Net
4:00 p.m.
Public Policy Perspectives
Implications for law enforcement.
Systemic risks associated with electronic banking and commerce.
Impact on the competitive position of banks and non-banks.
Consumer interests in the new technology.
Michael ter Maat, Ph.D., Senior Economist, American Bankers Association
Stephen R. Kroll, Legal Counsel, Financial Crimes Enforcement Network,
U.S. Department of the Treasury
Anne Wallace, Attorney-Advisor, Financial Management Service,
U.S. Department of the Treasury,
Janlori Goldman, Deputy Director, Center for Democracy and Technology
5:20 p.m.
Open Discussion Period
5:45 p.m.
Additional Program Information
     Conference attendees will receive a copy of DigitalCash:  Commerce On
The Net, a leading book on electronic money, along with a set of program
materials.  Continuing legal education credit is being applied for in
numerous jurisdictions.  If you have specific CLE questions, please contact
Debbie Rizzo at (202) 639-7201.
     A limited number of rooms will be available for a special rate at the
Renaissance Hotel, 999 Ninth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C.  For
reservations, please call the hotel directly at (202) 898-9000 (Ext. 3400)
and reference Electronic Banking and Commerce.
     For further information on the conference, please contact Bob Ledig at
21stCen or (202) 639-7016.
FAX REGISTRATION FORM
     To register, please fax this form to Debbie Rizzo at (202) 639-7008, or
call her at (202) 639-7201.  The fee for the conference is $235 if paid in
advance ($295 at the conference location).  Early registration is
recommended as seating is limited.
I/we will be attending the Electronic Banking and Electronic Commerce
Organization Name
Telephone and Fax Numbers
Credit Card Information:                            Visa
           Mastercard         (Circle One)
Account No.
Expiration Date
     If paying by check, please make payable to Fried, Frank, Harris,
Shriver & Jacobson and mail to Debbie Rizzo at Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver
& Jacobson, Suite 800, 1001 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C.
                         Thomas P. Vartanian
                         Robert H. Ledig
                         David L. Ansell
                         Washington, D.C.
                         202-639-7200
Visit the 21st Century Banking Alert Page on the
World Wide Web at
Copyright 1996.  Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson.
  All rights reserved.
21st Century Banking Alert is a trademark and servicemark
  of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-22 03:57:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: re: "Very Famous Reporter" 
Oh, the irony of that remark...
In the meantime, it appears that I have egg on my face, as no story has
By the way, did I say it was a rumor? ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-23 02:11:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Reply to e$: The Wealth of Nation-States 
X-Sender: tatsuo
Dear Mr. Robert Hettinga,
Please allow me to write you. I am a visiting research fellow of Columbia
University, and study digital cash from the economics point fo view.  I
read your article on "e$:The Wealth of Nation-States." ineterestingly.  I
also think that digital cash will cause a conflict with the Nation-States,
though my major concern is financial economics view point, not taxation
problem. I wrote a paper on this issue,"Possible Economic Consequences of
Digital Cash " which is supposed to be presented at the coming INET96.
This paper's URL is
I hope this paper might be of interest to you.
Following is an abstract of this paper.
Author discusses possible consequences of digital cash from the view of
economics and forcasts a possible scenario for the future. Digital cash
will bring us benefits as well as problems. One major benefit of digital
cash is its increased efficiency which will open new business
opportunities, especially for small businesses. On the other hand, it will
bring us four problems: taxation and money laundering, instability of the
foreign exchange rate, disturbance of money supply, and the possibility of
financial crisis. There is one important attribute of digital cash,
however, that overshadows these benefit and problems. It is the
transnationality of digital cash, that is, the ability of digital
cash to flow freely accross national borders. Every bank can issue it and
everybody all over the world can use it. This transnationality is a cause
for both benefits and problems, and could have significant repurcussions
internationally. From the economic stand point, the most important
characteristic of digital cash is its transnationality. If digital cash
circulated only within a traditional national border and was controlled
under a central monetary authority, there would be no economic implications
that would be worth analyzing. In this case, digital cash would be nothing
more than a convenient transaction method such as a credit card. However,
digital cash is more than that. Its transnationality  has the potential to
cause conflict between cyberspace and nation states. If digital cash
spreads successfully in the 21st century, its history may be written as a
record of its battle with nation states.
Thank you for your time.
Sincerely yours,
Tatsuo TANAKA
Tatsuo Tanaka   Email:tatsuo
 -Current Address-                      -Contact in Japan-
Center on Japanese Economy & Businness   Center for Global Communications
521 Uris Hall                            International Univ. of Japan
Columbia University                      6-15-21, Roppongi,Minato-ku
New York, NY, 10027, USA                 Tokyo 106,Japan
Fax:+1-212-678-6958 Tel:665-5028         Fax:+81-3-5412-7111 Tel:5411-6677
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-23 13:36:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Clipper III analysis 
^^^^^
I think we have a winner, folks! GAK3 it is...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-24 01:05:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SURVEY: Trading on the Internet 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg  (by way of Rachel Willmer)
Precedence: Bulk
Following on from The Spring Street Brewery's successful IPO, I
am researching the nature of Internet issues of debt and equity.
This envisages the use of electronic token value systems such
as Digicash and the digital bearer bonds that Bob talks about.
The topic is for a management report that I am writing as the
final deliverable in my MBA, and has a lot of bearing on what
we are trying to do within the embryonic Internet Financial System.
So, making whatever assumptions you like (but please mention
them), here goes with some questions:
Would your company be interested in the idea of issuing on the
What specifically would attract you to issuing on the Internet?
What specifically would worry you?
Would you prefer Debt (bonds) or Equity (shares) (or something
more exotic)?
What sort of products/services does your company sell?
Do you think Internet users would be attracted enough to your
company to give you money (e.g. are you the Netscape of '97)?
If not the general Internet community, who would buy your shares or
bonds (local community, funds, family+friends, business contacts...)?
That's it, thanks in advance for your patience.  Please forward to
me directly, rather than posting (but post any deeper questions as
they will, no doubt, be welcome).
I am not interested in direct marketing anything (and please don't
ask for a list of respondents), but any interesting answers I would
like to follow up by email to develop them.
Indicate if you want some summarised feedback (won't be for a few weeks).
Ian Grigg
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-25 10:00:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Truth can sometimes be harmful...(talk.cpunks.truth) 
Or, the terse version, from my old .sig:
"Reality is not optional"
                   -- Thomas Sowell
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-25 22:33:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PILATE SAYETH UNTO HIM... 
The Words Speak You
War is Peace
Freedom is Slavery
Murk is Darts Can we stop this crap, now?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-29 02:37:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: The FSTC Electronic Check Project 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                              Frank Jaffe,
                      of The Bank of Boston and
          The Financial Services Technology Consortium (FSTC)
                  "The FSTC Electronic Check Project"
                        Tuesday, June 4, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Frank Jaffe is a Senior Systems Consultant in the Applied Technology Group at
the Bank of Boston.  Frank is currently the project manager for the FSTC
Electronic Check project which involves over 30 companies.  Frank has
played a leadership role in planning the amalgamation of Bank of Boston's five
major retail computer systems into a single, common software system; acting
as project leader for a new teller system, and leading the screen phone R&D
project in cooperation with Northern Telecom and Bellcore.
The FSTC Electronic Check project will develop an enhanced all-electronic
replacement to the paper check. Electronic checks will be used like paper
checks, by businesses and consumers, and will use existing inter-bank
clearing systems. Like its paper counterpart, the Electronic Check
represents a self contained "information object," which has all of the
information necessary to complete a payment. Likewise, paper checkbooks are
replaced by portable Electronic Checkbooks; pens & signatures are replaced
by signature card functions and digital signatures using advanced
cryptographic techniques; stamps and envelopes by electronic mail or other
communications options such as the World Wide Web over the Internet.
The fully automated processing capabilities of Electronic Checks opens the
possibility of other types of financial instruments, such as electronic
cashiers, travelers, and certified checks. Electronic check writing and
processing will be integrated into existing applications, from cash
registers to personal checkbook managers to large corporate accounting
systems, to greatly increase the convenience, and reduce the costs, of
writing, accepting, and processing checks.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, June 4, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men, and
"appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, June 1, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 July        Pete Loshin      Author, "Electronic Commerce"
 August      Duane Hewitt     Idea Futures
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-31 03:09:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NSA's role in Digital Telephony bill... 
I had dinner with another cypherpunk, Peter Cassidy, and he said that he
just finished something for the Sacremento Bee's "Forum" section, which
talks about the NSA's involvement in the Digital Telephony bill.
Those of you who get the Bee might want to fill us in on the details,
whenever the article. He said that the article might go to the wires, so we
might see it elsewhere...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-05-31 12:48:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ELSI: Electronic Licensing and Security Initiative 
X-Sender: oldbear
Sure.  Here is the beginning of the press release:
   Stream, LitleNet, BBN, and KPMG Announce Industry-Wide Initiative
   to Enable Wide Scale Software Electronic Commerce
   Westwood, MA - May 7, 1996 - Supported by AT&T,IBM , First Data,
   Microsoft Stream International Inc. and LitleNet in association
   with BBN and KPMG, announced today the formation of the Electronic
   Licensing and Security Initiative (ELSI).  The objective of this
   initiative is to develop standards and build and operate a scalable
   clearinghouse infrastructure that will make electronic distribution
   of software secure, accountable, quick, and inexpensive.  The group
   expects the ELSI clearinghouse, which will be designed to accommodate
   various industry approaches, to be operational in test mode by late
   1996...
The "ELSI Clearinghouse Technology Backgrounder" which I pointed you to
earlier is available at:
         The full text of the press release, with information about the several
particpants is available at:
         The Old Bear

@_date: 1996-06-01 20:44:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Cassidy's Sacremento Bee article. 
As I said here before, cypherpunk (and DCSB founder) Peter Cassidy, who did
an article in the last Wired on the Bernstein case, just did a story on the
NSA's involvement in the digital telephony bill in this Sunday's Sacremento
Pete says,
Since this story is also supposed to hit the wires, it would be interesting
if it goes anywhere else...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-01 21:01:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Paper about legal aspects of electronic cash 
Reply-To: "Simon Schlauri" Priority: Normal
Precedence: bulk
Hello all
I'm a law student at the University of Zurich, Switzerland. During the last
months I've been
working on an paper about legal aspects of electronic cash, in which
DigiCash's ecash is one
of the two main models I examined. The main part of the paper consists of a
thesis on the
qualification of ecash as an analogy to bank cheques or private banknotes
based on digital
documents. The paper contains a large list (40 items) of further
literature, too.
This paper is now available via Internet at the following Address:
 with a link
to the file
(PostScript, 36 pages, about 370K. The paper is written in German.)
I'm looking forward to your comments.
Simon Schlauri
Simon Schlauri
St.Gallen, Switzerland
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-04 16:11:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Interbank Digital Cash Clearing, Better Living through 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send an email to e$pam-request
X-Comment: containing the command "unsubscribe e$pam"
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: owner-ecash
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1996-06-05 03:00:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Paper about electronic cash and common currencies available 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Wolfgang Roeckelein Precedence: Bulk
Hello everybody,
our paper titled
"A Common Currency System for Spontaneous Transactions on Public Networks"
is available online under
Perhaps somebody might be interested.
Thank you for your attention,
  Wolfgang Roeckelein
Dipl.-Wirtsch.Inf.	Voice:	+49 941 943 2998
Wolfgang Roeckelein	Fax:	+49 941 943 4986
Uni Regensburg		E-Mail:	roeckelein
Universitaetsstr. 31		Wolfgang.Roeckelein
D-93053 Regensburg		(MIME and NeXTmail ok)
Germany			WWW:	
GCM/B d-- s: a- C++ US+++$ UX+++ P+ L E? W++ N++ w-- O-(++) M+ !V PS++ PE
Y+ PGP(++) t+ 5? X? R+ tv b++ DI D++ G e+++>++++ h+ r++>% y? (Geek Code
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-07 12:11:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: whitehouse web incident, viva la web revolution 
Ah. Another bugbear emerges from the monster closet... Don't worry, Phill!
I've put Jell-O all over the kitchen floor, and set the sofa on fire, too!
That should hold it off until you can get under the magic covers!
lub-DUB. lub-DUB. lub-DUB. lub-DUB. lub-DUB. ...
I suppose it depends on what you call "open", eh, Phill?
If by "open", you mean financial markets where, as Milton Freedman says,
each new regulation raises the cost of entry and protects the surviving
firms by killing their smaller competion with red tape, then we have "open"
If by "open", you mean that people can't purchase the attention of their
favorite politician fair and square, without having to play zero-sum games
with barnyard animals, then we have "open" markets. ;-).
If by "open", you mean capital markets where we have industrial economies
of scale because they're based on industrial communications technology, and
thus no competition at all, then we have "open" markets.
If by "open", you mean we have an ever-decreasing noose of surveillance,
both by nation-states and by large government-created (see Fredman, above)
oligopolies, then we have "open" markets.
Nothing personal, Phill, but it does seem like it's more a question of what
you're afraid of, than what *is*, right?
Bob Hettinga
Now, where exactly *did* I put that chicken heart, anyway...
lub-DUB. lub-DUB. lub-DUB. lub-DUB. lub-DUB. ...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-07 12:28:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB Cocktails Over Back Bay 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Julie Rackliffe" As those who attended yesterday's lunch already know, We Have A Date!
I am simply delighted to announce that Open Software Foundation has generously
agreed to sponsor our first ever cocktail party for the Digital Commerce
of Boston. I promises to be a memorable evening and I hope that you will
plan to
come, and please feel free to introduce a friend to this unique group. Our
intention is that this event should be used as a networking opportunity in
addition to getting some more people interested in DCSB (and, of course,
expanding our mailing list!)
So, here's the specifics:
When:	Thursday, June 20, 1996
Where: 	The Harvard Club, One Federal Street, 38th floor
What's the Catch?- No Catch! Just RSVP to me before June 17
Do Come!
Julie Rackliffe					The Computer Museum
Annual Fund/Membership Manager			300 Congress St, Boston 02210
rackliffe  				617.426.2800 X432
The Walk-Through Computer 2000 is open! This is a "must see"!
Museum Membership:SR/STU $25...IND $35...FAM $50...NON-PROFIT $250...LIB $500
Web Site: To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-07 18:02:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous stock trades. 
*Damn*, I'm having *fun* today...
At 7:27 PM -0400 6/6/96, hallam got all "hermeneutic" on us:
Yes. And they're tasty, too. I try to eat animal at least once a day,
whether I need it or not.
According to your logic above, it seems that all species are *much* more
important than man. But, with most "liberal" logic, there's a paradox here.
Let's explore it bit, shall we, by looking at the other side of the balance
sheet you just created?
Tell me, Phill, what's *your* pricetag on a single *human* life? The entire
gross global product is not enough? It's this kind of, well, muzzy-headed
innumerate (yes, *Dr.* Hallam-Baker, *innumerate*) silliness that has our
intellectuals believing the hoax, put convincingly enough to get published
in "respected" academic places like "Social Text", that reality (physics,
in this case) is optional.
Can you say "Sophistry", boys and girls? I knew you could. No offense to
the, er, numerate computer science people out there, but it seems that
*Dr.* Hallam-Baker is living proof that you can get an entire *doctorate*
in the field, and not learn to count. I hate to tell you *Dr.*
Hallam-Baker, but Lamarck was wrong, too. Not to mention Lysenko. ;-).
Reality, real, honest-to-god quantitative reality, is, in fact, not
You get what you pay for, Phill. The reason, and look it up, that we had
monopolies in *this* country was the same reason that you had monopolies
(and I count labor unions in this) in yours. They were bought and paid for
out of the government trough. So much for the integrity of government.
Frankly, I'd put myself in the hands of those eevill, greeedy, businessmen
any day. Contrary to what they taught you in the Young Pioneers, or
whatever passes for that on your side of the channel, governments not only
screw things up, they kill. Hundreds of millions of people in this century
Feh. You're just afraid of a little predicate calculus. That looks like
perfect English to me. Even if it's pronounciation isn't quite "received".
Personally, I agree with the Bard. Twain, of course. "A politician is
someone who can take money from the rich and votes from the poor and keep
his job." I suppose if The Earl of Oxford had said it, he'd change "job"
for "head" in the last sentence, but, we live in America, where this
decade's poor is last decade's rich, and vice versa. Or it least it used to
be that way, before these innumerate Keynesians took over our economic
"policy". ;-). "Poor me another Veuve Clicot, Corruthers. I think I have
discovered another way to traitor my class."
Now, that's the pot calling the kettle black! Phill, we all know you're the
biggest apologist the nation-state has ever had on this list. That's okay,
'cuz you're building the right technology, and someday you'll see the
light. Say AMEN, Somebody!. Sorry. Got carried away in my
techno-evangelism, there...
The point is, Phill, you don't have to pollute the minds of all these
avant-garde young cypherpunks with yesterday's news. I mean, you developed
a double-jointed neck so you could look backwards and walk forwards (*how*
does he keep from *tripping*, brothers and sisters!
It'sa*miracle*sayhalelujia!), but it doesn't mean it's evolutionary
advantageous,  a future dictatorship of the proletariat notwithstanding.
Ah. Hmm. Still doesn't get it, does he, folks. A market's not an "idol" to
"believe in", Phill, it's this amazing stuff called "reality". It's really
quite fun. You should try it sometime...
Ah. *Your* economists, Phill. Top-down, *Keynesian*,  er, crypto-Marxist,
"control" the political-economy featherheads...
The people who do *financial* economics, just like the people who do
financial cryptography, *experiment* in markets, but they aren't fool
enough to think that they can actually *control* them. Wake up and smell
the coffee, Phill. There's a reason these boys have won all the Nobels,
lately. Reality is not optional. Planned economies aren't, actually.
Ah. The Sloan school. That paragon of free market thinking. Probably *Dr.*
Thurow, I bet, maybe even <*big* intake of breath> *Dr.* Samuelson?
. Feh. By, the way, Phill, your appeals to authority are nothing
short of amazing. *Dr.* Hallam-Baker. "*Sloane*" school economist. Feh, and
double-Feh. Credentialism, like any appeal to authority, is the last refuge
of the incompetant. We know *you're* not incompetant, Phill. Stop acting
like somebody who is.
Yup. Electrons, like prices, are actually ethical creatures, don't you
know. Feh. Next thing he's going to tell us that there's a conciousness
particle... By the way, don't start talkin' that "touch your inner child"
stuff, Phill, or I'm gonna get a two-by-four to keep you off of *mine*...
Ooooo... Deontological vs. teleological? Wow. A philosopher. Congrats,
Phill. It *does* appear you're educated. At least through first year
The ganglia twitch. You're making my point for me! Just because you can do
all the mental gymnastics of Gorgias (who maintained, by the way, that
nothing exists) doesn't mean that reality's, er, optional. Remember, Phill,
Gorgias is dead. Not very optional, eh?
Ethical schmethical, Phill. The market, like the rest of physical reality,
is *real*. It is not something to be "believed" in. If you have something I
want, and I have something you want, we trade for it. There has been trade
nearly as long has there has been human artifacts or commodities to trade
with. Hell, trade happens at the *cellular* level, for christsakes, with
stochastic process, markets, if you will. How do you think oxygen transport
works? Market-driven chaos. It's an economy.
Feh! Like Phillip K. Dick said, "Reality is that which, when you change
your mind, doesn't go away." Markets are as real as next month's rent,
 "Tha's all right, darlin'. I'll only put the head in."
Or, as they say (ooo, this is great!) on the gates of Auschwitz, "Arbiet
Macht Frei". Work makes you free. Freedom is Slavery, right Phill? Read any
Hayek lately? I thought not...
Yup. You're right, there. Every government, especially the most unfree,
believe that markets can be, *must* be controlled, to make us "free".
Notice the harder they try to "control" markets to make us "free", the more
they control *us*? Eventually they control us so much there's no more
market, Phill. Make sense now? I'll give you a hint. It's called "reality",
and it's not "optional", much less "ethical".
This is marvellous. You're making a mobius of yourself! Don't try so hard,
Phill, and you might figure this out. Look, Phill, you've taken logic,
right? Remember the informal fallacy called "false cause"? An increase in
bananna consumption causes suicide? (If you don't believe me, look at the
statistics! I swear! ;-)) Actually, the above line looks more like "Post
hoc, ergo propter hoc".  Yup, all that first-year logic was good for
something. Plain old circular reasoning. Just like the mobius strip you
made of yourself, Phill. Put that double-jointed neck to better use. You
could hurt yourself with these mental contortions...
The reason that deregulation caused so much of a problem in the savings and
loan "industry", was because the "industry" was a creature of government,
which couldn't survive, you guessed it, Phill, "reality". If you ignore
markets, like any other natural force (like, say gas laws, or
thermodynamics, or gravity) you get slapped. Hard. Reality is not optional.
The entire financial system of this country has had to be unwound from all
the regulations that people "controlling markets to make us free" bound
them up in. Starting in the early 70's with the deregulation of brokerage
commissions, through the breaking down of the two equivalents of the Bamboo
(the creation of the savings and loan "industry") and the Iron (the
Glass-Steagal Act) curtains, and, now, the abolition of interstate banking
regulation, (with the internet, you're halfway to anywhere, much to the
relief of our friends in Kentucky) we are starting to have free financial
markets in this country for the first time since we started "consolidating"
it to make it more "efficient" by both the trusts and the trust-busters,
who were really two sides of the same coin: oligopoly and state control.
You just keep it up, Phill. I'm having a great time, here. As we used to
say in Missouri, I haven't had this much fun since the hogs ate my little
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-07 18:33:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: <<Vitamin B>> (June 6, 1996) Reality Check 
Speak of the devil...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Vitamin B:
                   Your Daily Dose of Bionomics
                                           June 6, 1996
Reality Check
Everyone knows that you can't predict the future.
The question is: Can traditional economics understand
the present?
Not too many years ago, on the eve of the collapse
of the Soviet Union, the leading economics textbook
had this to say:
"The Soviet economy is proof that, contrary to what
many skeptics had earlier believed, a
socialist command economy can function and
even thrive."
                      -- Paul A. Samuelson, Professor emeritus, MIT
                       (in Samuelson & Nordhaus, Economics, 1989)
We wonder what "conventional wisdom" of 1996
will prove to be as, ummm, quotable in the not too
distant future.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-08 13:41:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: E-Data Systems ~ patent #4,528,643 
I think this has made the rounds here, already.
If it hasn't, any comments?
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: jnferree
Has anyone else received the *Amnesty* documentation from
E-data Systems of Secaucus, NJ regarding their patent on:
... system for reproducing information in material objects at a
point of sale location ...
"The patent generally describes the system and methodology
whereby products composed of digital data are purchased and
embedded electronically at a point of sale location from a host
computer. The products are typically delivered in usable form only
after payment is made. The purchaser requests delivery after the
money requirements are satisfied and authorized for the delivery
is granted. In today's vernacular, the patent covers on-demand
electronic distribution". [taken from the accompanying brochure]
Their licensing agreement (with fee schedules) addresses;
1) Content providers; Owners and sellers of products which are
sold and delivered electronically by the provider or through a
distribution network owned by another within the scope of at
least one of the E-data Systems patent claims.
2) Resellers; Distributors who provide a distribution network for
content providers to sell products within the scope of at least one
of the E-data Systems patent claims.
3) Service providers for Electronic Distribution Applications;
Providers of various services, (ie) encryption, locking, unlocking
metering, etc. who provide applications for content providers and/or
resellers within the scope of at least on of the E-data Systems patent
Contact information for E-data Systems regarding how to obtain
a license ....
Tele         800-406-1668
Web        e-mail     gift
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-08 13:31:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous stock trades. 
About the only useful thing he's said here in weeks...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-08 21:33:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Neologism: "crackerbox" 
I think we have another winner, folks!
         ^^^^^^^^^^^^
I *like* it!
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-09 12:01:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Elementrix Snake Oil Spam... 
Was it just me, or did others on this list get three whopping MS Word docs
sent to them from the POTP snake-oil folks?
Came from one Charles W. Morgan, , of "Outcomes
2000, Inc.", whoever *that* is...  Probably somebody trying to give the
Albuquerque Spam King a run for his money, I bet.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-10 00:38:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous stock trades. 
Ah. Transponders. Could blind-sign 'em. Maritime specific-identity
accounting. Trade 'em on the open market. Actual anonymous er, stock,
ownership? Whale-meat futures on the hoof, er, fin?... Woah! Idea!
Whale-watch tags? Anyone who comes within a 100-yards of them on the
surface pays a nickle? This is brilliant! What a way to make Algore and all
the treehuggers eat their own dog-food. (Ewwww! That was *really* crass,
considering what "meat and meat byproducts" used to mean...)
*That's* what all those marine biologists are doing out there in their
Zodiacs!  And *I* thought that they were doing research. Your tax dollars
at work...
All of which gives me a very Friedmanesque idea: a money-fence. With these
"charging", heh, transponders, you could tag something you want to
"protect", and charge micromoney based on your proximity-time with the
object/plant/animal. The rarer the animal is, the more you charge. New
meaning to the phrase, "you break it, you bought it." You touch it, you buy
Sort of like financial defense-in-depth ala "The Mesh and the Net", or
"Diamond Age".
You could even build the transponders to "offload" micromoney to "rangers"
(their owners, of course!) whenever they passed by...
Okay, Okay. Enough already. I'll go take my Ritalin now...
Oh. And, Phill? I'm still trying to deciding whether to refute your recent
tractologicophilosphicus, but, in the meantime, how 'bout this for a terse
   I think you're ugly, and your mother dresses you funny.
There. All that undergraduate philosophy (and beer!) at Missouri wasn't
wasted. See, Ma? I invect, therefore I am.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-12 15:58:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Britain to control crypto - official (fwd from Usenet) 
Does anyone here have any idea what this does to british-affiliated states
like Anguilla, or the Caymans?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-15 11:42:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CALL FOR PAPERS 
Precedence: bulk
CALL FOR PAPERS
Multimedia Data Security
Part of IS&T/SPIE's 1997 Symposium on
Electronic Imaging: Science & Technology
8-14 February 1997
San Jose Convention Center
San Jose, California   USA
Conference Chair: Taher Elgamal, Netscape Communications
The growth of the use of public networks as the platform for multimedia
applications in the past year has made it important to devise mechanisms for
ensuring proper use of intellectual property, and increased the importance
of employing security mechanisms for video and audio data. This conference
will serve as a forum for the exchange of ideas in the areas of security
systems and mechanisms especially in applications that handle large data
Papers are solicited in all areas of security systems and algorithms
including but not limited to:
* security systems for imaging applications
* security systems for real-time video applications
* performance studies and comparisons for securing image data
* watermarking and detection of fraudulent copying of intellectual property
* metering schemes for intellectual property usage
* audio and video encryption mechanisms
* key management and security protocols for broadcast applications
* payment systems for online multimedia applications
* content protection mechanisms for online multimedia distribution.
This conference is just one of nearly 30 conferences to be held at the EI'97
symposium. And EI'97 is one of 4 collocated symposia (Electronic Imaging,
Biomedical Optics, Lasers and Applications, and Optoelectronics).
Watch SPIE's web site for the entire Photonics West Call for Papers (late
May-early June):
For a printed call for papers or other information:
E-mail: pw97
Fax: 360/647-1445
Phone: 360/676-3290
Paper Abstracts (for review) Due from Authors:
     15 July 1996
Camera-Ready Abstracts (from accepted authors) Due:
        18 November 1996
Manuscripts Due from all Authors:
     13 January 1997
GUIDELINES FOR SUBMITTING AN ABSTRACT
Send a 500 word abstract of your paper, by 15 July, in ONE of
the following ways:
         (Send one submission per email message.)
Note: There will also be available an interactive abstract submission form
on the web site.
     SPIE, P.O. Box 10, Bellingham, WA  98227-0010
     Shipping Address: 1000 20th Street, Bellingham, WA  98225
     Telephone: 360/676-3290
Be sure each abstract includes the following:
1. CONFERENCE CHAIR and CONFERENCE TITLE (submit to ONLY ONE conference)
     to which the abstract is submitted
2. AUTHOR LISTING (List principal author first)
     for each author: full name [first(given) last(family] and affiliation,
     mailing address, phone/fax numbers, email
3. ABSTRACT/PAPER TITLE
4. ABSTRACT TEXT: 500 words typed on white paper
5. KEYWORDS: maximum of 5 keywords
6. BRIEF BIOGRAPHY of the principal author: 50-100 words
Taher Elgamal	    elgamal
Chief Scientist, Netscape Communications
(T) 415 937 2898, (F) 415 428 4054
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-15 11:12:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Party! 
The upshot of the attached missive is quite simple, really.
RSVP to Julie Rackliffe, mailto://RACKLIFFE , before say, 2PM EDT on
Monday, and tell her you're coming. Stragglers aren't frowned on, but we
need to do a some capacity planning beforehand. Wanna make sure we print up
enough drink tickets, alert the kitchen and the police, and all that.
Get on your best bib and tucker (jackets and ties for men, "appropriate
business attire" for women).
Go to the Harvard Club, 1 Federal Street, Boston, on Thursday, June 20, 1996
from 5-8 pm.
Collect your two complementary drink tickets.
Thank the folks from OSF, who're sponsoring our first-ever DCSB networking
Hit the table of complementary munchies for some necessary sustenance.
Head to the bar, cash in one (or both) of your drink tickets and...
Easy, you say?
Show us how easy.
Be there.
Bob Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
- - --- begin forwarded text
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Julie Rackliffe" Greetings, all and sundry!
I am delighted to announce that my internet connection is now back on line
and I
can receive the MANY MANY RSVPs for next Thursday's party that you've been
trying to get through and they've bounced back. SEND THEM ON!
It's going to be a great time and a perfect opportunity to talk to the
you rarely get to talk to, to introduce friends to the dynamic and exciting
world of DCSB and to nosh the best nosh, imbibe just the right amount and
a beautiful kick off to a wonderful summer.
Do Come!
If you've tried to send me mail in the last two days, try again. If you sent
before that and got no error message, consider yourself golden. Thanks! I
responses TODAY!!! (Monday is the very latest and it's not good to toy with
volatile museum quality internet link. thanks :)  )
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
- - --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-17 00:36:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Money Laundering 
Earlier this week some people on a british financial services list I lurk
on talked about this book. I forwarded the reference to e$pam, and one of
my e$ list people hunted it down.
It's a book for british financial people on, heh, how not to be a
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
I received the following information from the author
Nigel Morris-Cotterill <100520.2472
The Book "How not to be a money launderer" is
ISBN 0 9527365 0 0.
Stockists incude Smiths (Ludgate Circus, Holborn
Circus, Liverpool Street), Hammicks (Chancery Lane),
Lambs (WC2), Dillons and Waterstones (quite a number
of shops around the country including Harrods),
Blackwells, HMSO Birmingham, Bloomsbury, Hong Kong
and a few smaller bookshops around the UK. Any bookshop
can order it. Bookshop price is L20. Some will charge
an ordering fee or a "notification " fee, others will
not. Or you can buy it direct from Silkscreen
Publications, P O Box 1882, Brentwood Essex CM15 0GA,
CWO, for L23 including postage and packing.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-18 07:18:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Gilbert & Cypherpunk... 
Ah. Probably related to that famous proto-cypherpunk character in the
Gilbert and Sullivan operetta Utopia, Ltd., the Anonymous Royal
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-19 08:35:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Federal key registration agency 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Just by their government. Sheesh...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-21 03:49:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Electronic Commerce: The State of the Art 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                             Peter Loshin,
                              Author of
          Electronic Commerce: Online Ordering and Digital Money
                "Electronic Commerce: The State of the Art"
                        Tuesday, June 2, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Pete Loshin has been writing about networking, the Internet and electronic
commerce for the past two years; before that he worked as a TCP/IP
networking engineer for a Cambridge research lab and systems manager for a
major publishing company.  Books currently available include _Electronic
Commerce: Online Ordering and Digital Money_ and _TCP/IP for Everyone_.
Pete plans to launch an Internet commerce newsletter this fall.
The future always looks shinier, more efficient and more pleasant than the
present.  The same holds true for the future of electronic commerce, but a
lot of people are not waiting for the clean and bright future of SET and
unrestricted crypto.  They are doing business right now, over the Internet,
and what they do will affect the way we do business well into the next
century.  Electronic commerce is still largely an art, and after lunch on
Monday July 2 Pete will talk a little bit about the state of that art.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, July 2, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men, and
"appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, June 29, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 August      Duane Hewitt     Idea Futures
 September   Tatsuo Tanaka    Some Economics of Digital Cash
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-21 05:35:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Electronic Commerce: The State of the Art 
^^^^^^
Heh. Just testing. ;-)
The real date is, of course, Tuesday, *July* 2, 1996.
My apologies!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',
  we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-06-27 21:50:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bruce Taylor at HotWired 
Ooooooo, I'm *excited*!
My very own chance to meet Bruce Taylor, AKA "Penis with a Blister", AKA "PWAB",  AKA "The Toolman", AKA "The Labia Nailer".
I soooo excited, I just want to reach down right now and fondle my inner child. Maybe not. After all that fondling, I'd probably be to TiReD...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',   we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-04 05:36:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Lack of PGP signatures 
Damn betcha. It's called OpenDoc, and it's probably the most exciting thing to happen to the Mac since desktop publishing.  See my web-page for a rant or two on the subject. Vinnie Moscaritolo (Famous ex-Marine and Samoan Attorney) started a list at mailto://majordomo called mac-crypto (send "subscribe mac-crypto" in the body of the message), where we're talking about stuff like this, and other things. One of the projects we've been kicking around is a Macintosh Digital Commerce Conference ("Digital Commerce *is* Financial Cryptography", and all that...), and it looks like Vinnie's very close to getting a conference date set up.
A while ago, the folks working on the Macintosh Cryptography Interface Project merged their list with mac-crypto, so things have been getting interesting, even if traffic is a little sparse these days.  Getting a conference date firmed up should change that, we hope. So would a discussion of PGPlib in OpenDoc...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',   we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-08 04:08:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
Yes. And for some of *them*, it makes them monomaniacal SOBs. ;-). I get
more work done with Ritalin, but I'm *much* nicer without it. I've decided
to live with ADD rather than treat it, which is what most people (including
"Dr. ADD", Richard(?) Hallowell) do. Jolt cola is also popular. :-).
Like a lot of pop-psychopharmacology, "syndromes" frequently get defined by
whether the right drug has the desired effect. If prozac works, you're
depressed, if Ritalin does, you're an ADDer, and so on. By Tim's anecdotal
evidence, the little hellion (hey, *I* was one...) must be ADD because
Ritalin works.
You can actually see ADD with a PET scan, but the proper way to get a
diagnosis of ADD is to get tested for it, which, in the case of ADD, is an
expensive man-day or two with with some clinical shrink in your face, and a
bunch of frustrating (if you're ADD) tests of your attention and ability to
focus in the presence of a lot of distractions. Oddly enough, *another*
pop-psychologist from Harvard was on "20/20" this week talking about
"emotional" intellegence, and one of the determinants was inability to
understand delayed gratification. Like most kids with ADD, I must have been
a drooling idiot, in that case.
However, I practically agree with Tim on all of his screed. (A good one, I
might add. He probably only reread it once for punctuation and spelling
before he did a command-e to send it on its way. After wiping the foam
from his mouth, that is. ;-)) It seems to me that the very *last* person to
be allowed to diagnose ADD is some crypto-socialist, fucking-statist,
control-freak, industrial-mode, human-warehouse-zookeeping "educator". The
humorous irony of all this is, of course, that my wife is a senior
education bureaucrat for the People's Republic of Massachusetts. An "equal
time" marriage indeed. And *she* pays the health insurance, because I
couldn't keep a *steady* job if my life depended on it. (A compensatory
mechanism?) Well, maybe if my *life* depended on it. That *might* get my
BarelyObCrypto: ADD is more about lack of attention *control* than lack of
attention itself. Hyperfocus is also a trait of ADHD, and computers tend to
cause hyperfocus for a lot of ADDers. How many easily distracted knee-jiggling
wunderkind hackers do *you* know? Care to guess how many ADDers there are
on cypherpunks?
Wiping foam from *my* mouth,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"If they could 'just pass a few more laws',   we would all be criminals."    --Vinnie Moscaritolo
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-10 07:48:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Word lists for passphrases 
Amen to that. Get 'em, Perry.
In Tim's defense, however, I agree that it seems the vehemence of his arguments stem more from repugnance at state-sponsored psychochemical social control than anything else.
That, and the *utter* certainty of his opinions, of course. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-10 16:38:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Important UK court case 
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: owner-set-talk
Precedence: bulk
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-10 12:34:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: July Freedom Forum Meeting 
********   FREEDOM FORUM   *******
July Meeting Announcement
July 15, 1996,  7-9 PM,  Newbridge Cafe, Nashua, New Hampshire
E$  ----  Electronic Money and Commerce
Robert Hettinga, Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-11 10:04:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Mind-Altering Drugs 
My favorite Leary quote:
    "Adulthood is terminal."
Mildly appropriate, given his death from prostate cancer(?).
When I was in college at Mizzou, he came to speak. I went up to him for an autograph, and the only thing I could find for him to sign was my "Introduction to Aristotle" book. We had a laugh about that.
I'd read about Gerry O'Neill before I saw Leary, but him showing slides of the inside of Bernal colonies got the, er, ball, rolling as far as my fascination with space development stuff is concerned.
Glad to know he was still as focused on the crackpot fringe :-) in his later years as he was in midlife.
Long may you wave, Dr. Leary...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-14 10:14:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Cybank breaks new ground; rejects public-key encryption 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
This taken from their pages (
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-16 07:50:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Betting on the Future 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                             Duane Hewitt
                             Idea Futures
                       "Betting on the Future"
                        Tuesday, August 6, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Duane says:
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, August 6, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men, and
"appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, August 3, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for the following few months are:
 September   Tatsuo Tanaka    Some Economics of Digital Cash
 October     Philippe LeRoux  Stock Exchanges and the Web
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-17 18:01:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PARC Forum, 7-18-96, Gregory Schmid, "The Future of ConsumerElectronic 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: mikkelsen (Jim Mikkelsen) (by way of
frantz (Bill Frantz))
Precedence: Bulk
(Bill Frantz))
Xerox PARC Forum
Thursday, July 18, 1996, 4:00PM, PARC Auditorium
The Future of Consumer Electronic Payments:  The Impact on the Distribution
Gregory Schmid, Institute For The Future
        This talk explores the critical changes pushing consmers into the
world of electronic transactions--improved technologies, better security,
and consumers' growing experience with card-based and other electronic
transaction technologies.  These changes will not only affect customer
behaviors, but will transform the distribution chain, bring in new players,
force the current players to fundamentally transform the way they conduct
business, and encourage policymakers to find the right balance of
regulation and market forces.
        Combined, these impacts will change the basic relationship between
businesses and their customers forever.  Only the stakeholders who are
prepared for such changes will carve out their place in the new world.
Greg directs IFTF's long-term forecasting and strategic planning efforts in
both the public and private sectors.  He has been Director of IFTF's
Corporate Associates Program (CAP) since its inception in 1976 and is also
the overall editor of CAP's "Ten-Year Forecast."  Greg has overseen
projects for many Fortune 500 companies, including those in the financial
services, high technology, consumer products, professional services, and
healthcare industries.  As an economist, historian, and policy analyst,
Greg uses a variety of research and planning techniques to work with
clients in exploring strategic choices.  His most recent book is "Future
Tense: The Business Realities of the Next Ten Years" (William Morrow, 1994)
with Ian Morrison.  Before joining IFTF Greg headed a research division of
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.  A graduate of Yale, Greg received
his Ph.D. in economics from Columbia University.
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-18 02:11:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: Betting on the Future 
Thank you for your input.
In light of the following .sig, I hope I'm forgiven if I'm caught
repressing a giggle or two...
                      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Seriously, Charley,
We're just a bunch of people who work downtown (for the most part) who're
interested in things financial and internet, with a focus on financial
cryptography (for the most part).
Most of us wear suits to work, so getting past the Harvard Club dress code
for lunch isn't that a big deal. Besides, the view is nice, and $27.50 once
a month (besides the obligatory rubber chicken, it pays for the speaker's
lunch, the room, and whatever A/V the speaker needs) never killed anyone
with a *job* (like, say, *yours*?). Hell, Charley, I bet even *your* boss
wears a suit to work. Or maybe your boss's boss... :-).
To quote Tom Wolfe quoting Chuck Yeager in "The Right Stuff" (in a
discussion of flying and driving fast and drinking and screwing and
hell-raising and flying, I believe), "I wouldn't recommend it, mind you,
but it *can* be done." Wearing a suit and talking crypto, I mean.
You ought to try it. It *can* be done. If people like Perry, and Duncan,
and Futplex, and Kent Borg, and Adam Shostack, and Carl Ellison and,
someday, Unicorn (who threatens to, just about every month, even though he
probably wears a suit already, wherever he is) can, you can, too.
Consider it an opportunity to see if the ol' interview suit fits. If it
doesn't, Charley, don't forget to save up for that next one. After all,
after working at a place like Booz Allen, it's all downhill, right?  The
next job you get recruited for may not come with that nifty clothing
Bob Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-18 11:16:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Netscape download requirements 
Ah.  So they can find you later when they outlaw crypto?
No offense to our dear cypherpunk friends at Netscape, who are certainly
just following orders. But, frankly, I don't feel like sending a sperm
sample to Netscape, this time...
When this goes across the old speed-bump, will someone post the URL here?
Carefully, of course...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-18 20:10:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hettinga Rants in WiReD... 
Now if they'll send me the check... :-)
About two months ago, I wrote an 'Idees Fortes' piece for Wired. It's about
digital bearer bonds. If I remember the title, it's something like "The
Internet as Buttonwood Tree". You guys have heard most of it from me
before. Thus, as usual, it is, again, TiReD...
People tell me it's in the latest issue, which is out now, but I haven't
gone looking for it on the newstand yet. Maybe they'll send me a clipping.
With the check. Did I tell you they haven't sent the check. That's a
recurring problem with me lately... Maybe I should update my
non-repudiation rant...
You shoulda seen the first version. Or, maybe you did... I can't remember.
The editor said something about it being too out there, or something like
that.  For WiReD?... ;-)
It's late. I'm going to sleep.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-19 00:29:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Systemics Announces First Internet Trading System 
Systemics Announces First Internet Trading System
17 July 1996. Copyright (c) 1996 Systemics Ltd.
1996 could well be the year that marks the start of the Internet Financial
System. Consider these developments:
       * Intense competition between rival payment systems has erupted as
       the large payment institutions have woken up - the new territory is
       on the Internet.
       * Earlier this year The Spring Street Brewery surprised Wall Street
       by conducting its own IPO - by the simple expedient of using the
       Web as a communication medium. After several weeks of hectic
       phone answering, CEO Andrew D. Klein realised he was in the
       wrong business and announced plans to start a new industry:
       Internet investment banking.
       * Across the pond in that other giant of international finance, the
       paperless trading system Crest starts up this week at the London
       Stock Exchange, signalling massive job losses. The exchange's
       troubles began late last year when exchange-member ShareLink
       was discovered delivering trading information on the Internet. The
       exchange severed ShareLink's "feed". Claim led to counter-claim,
       with litigation close behind, in a slanging match that ruptured images
       of the calm, polite English way of trading. Before saner heads could
       move in to force closed-doors negotiations, the palace revolution
       was underway. Suing one of ourselves? It's just not cricket.
And now, Systemics Ltd has added in the last remaining ingredient, the
Internet Stock Exchange. After a year of hectic, but secret, development
by a small team of cyberventurers, the Exchange went live in June with
Systemics own debt. A cohort of private investors were placed with
Systemics bonds, which now trade on a nightly basis. Trades have been
mostly small and experimental, as the investors, all computer professionals,
get to grips with the new-found power of instant access to the 'market'.
The Genesis of a new Financial System
Ian Grigg, co-founder of the team, concentrates on the business aspects
during the daytime, and in his spare time, helps with coding the market. "It
seemed like a simple thing back then, take the basics of digital cash, add in
securities, and build a market to trade the securities for cash."
In the summer of last year, co-founder Gary Howland was working on digital
cash protocols for DigiCash. Meanwhile the Internet was exploding into the
public eye, as conventional media started to realise the potential of the new
medium. Howland conducted long email discussions with his future
co-founder. "There was this awesome potential energy, just sitting around
in the digital cash concept waiting for chance to go kinetic."
Grigg was attending lectures on Finance as part of an MBA from London
Business School. "In the day time, I was learning the basics of what a bond
was, and at night we would have these unlimited discussions on where the
net was heading. With each lecture, each discussion, the feeling was getting
stronger - we had the tools in front of us. We could build an Internet
Financial System."
The Systemics team aren't the only ones to have seen the potential. Bob
Hettinga, a prolific net writer, had described the basic concepts as much as a
year before. Grigg thinks that it took the combination of diverse skill sets
and motives for ideas to turn into reality. "We're continually surprised that
nobody else saw it and jumped in. But if you analyse the work that went in
to the software and the building of knowledge in the core disciplines, it
is a major project that is too risky for any conventional company. I would
guess it can only be done by a small, tightly focused team with key
individuals. Or, by one of those great, wide ranging alliances that bring in
diverse stake holders."
The Internet Financial System will consist of Issuers, Payment Systems,
Markets and Investors, just like in the physical world. An Issuer runs a
special service suite on the Internet to manage the financial instruments.
Those instruments are placed by the Issuer with a private group of
Investors. Then, when the Exchange accepts the issue and runs a Market in
that instrument, Investors can trade the instruments using Systemics
Trader, a specialised browser. Instruments are bought and sold for digital
cash, provided by an Internet Payment System.
The Systemics team are proud of what they have achieved. Grigg explains:
"The small investor gets direct access to the markets. Settlement is
immediate - when the trade is done, the money or instruments are waiting
for collection. And with the security of modern forms of cryptography, there's
a lot of peace of mind. This Exchange carries no risk, which results in a cost
to the Investor that is so small that it creates a new segment."
Internet Trading Takes Off
In the first instance, it was necessary to prove the system under real trading
conditions. Systemics issued its own debt as one year zero coupon bonds
with a face value of USD 10. Each of the investors was given a tranche at an
issue price of $9, allowing investors to earn a dollar for every nine dollars
invested over the full year. To manage the portfolio of cash and bonds, each
investor downloaded Systemics Trader.
On the 25th of June, the first live market was opened by the Exchange for
the first investor trades. "Since then, we have gradually settled into a
routine. The market opens at 1915 GMT, for a six hour trading session.
This time slot seemed to give the best access for our investors, who
are located in diverse time slots and daily patterns."
Trades are not frequent as people who have never traded before get to grips
with the concept. "Our investors are all long term associates who understand
the future of the Internet. They were keen to invest in what we think is
the most advanced project on the Internet today. For all that, trading got
off to a slow start as investors proved initially timid at risking their
own cash and bonds."
However, within a week, the backers are showing all the signs of an
aggressive investor community. "If they're not happy, they don't trade."
Demands for additional instruments caught Systemics by surprise, as
investors pointed out that without a comparison between instruments, there
is no decision on value. "It's obvious in hindsight, there's a limit to what
people can do in a one-bond exchange." The challenge now is to decide on
alternative instruments.
Secure Payments are based on Cryptography
At another level, the Exchange is just a complicated shop on the Internet. It
buys and sells financial instruments for cash, and relies on a secure value
transfer system to make the trade.
"When we laid down the strategic components a year ago, there was no
sure availability of any payment system, let alone one up to the rigors of
finance. So we had to do our own," said Howland.
In a forthcoming paper, he describes a design for a digital payments
mechanism built upon the cryptographic key format in Phil Zimmermann's
Pretty Good Privacy, the Internet standard for email encryption and digital
signatures. "PGP is the only system that is widely available and provides
good security. The challenge was to turn it from a message passing system
into a value passing system." The Systemics payment system works on the
notion of a value-containing box that is controlled by a PGP key. A server
holds the public key, anyone who has the private key can control the box.
A box can be used as an account, allowing the conventional management
schemes of accountancy to be used. In this case, the server ascribes value
to the box, and the users write instructions to transfer value from one box
to another.
Or, it can be used as a coin, allowing cash emulation. In this case, users
transmit secret keys, and coins are cashed in by issuing instructions to
transfer the value in a received coin to a box account.
Howland states that this design allows for immediate settlement in both
financial instruments and cash, a critical issue in financial markets. Also,
the use of PGP keys makes independant verification of the protocols a
relatively low cost task by leveraging off of the enourmous amount of trust
placed in PGP.
Systemics believes in open cryptography. "We intend to publish all our
protocols with example software, and our goal is to publish a complete and
working payment system. Cryptography and digital payment mechanisms
are socially beneficial and should be widely disseminated." Systemics have
already published their Cryptix library, providing strong cryptographic
solutions for Java and Perl developers.
The Investor Takes Control
Systemics Trader, the specialised trading browser, is written in Java. "As
far as we know, this is the first serious application written in Java outside
Sun itself," commented Mike Wynn, author of Systemics Trader. Working as
an HTML browser, Systemics Trader can pass through firewalls set up to
allow WWW browsing. This has doubled the potential user base; about half
of Systemics' investors work on secure systems.
Systemics Trader manages a portfolio of financial instruments and cash
using a 'box' as a digital account. 'Limit' and 'Market' orders can be
submitted, tracked and cancelled. The 'board' for market instruments can be
monitored on an investor-demand basis, so as to present the latest prices
to the investor.
A secure registered mail protocol is used to ensure messages containing
value get delivered from the Exchange to the investor. Given the vagueries
of the Internet, Systemics Trader has to sign for each payment that is sent
to it before the payment is considered to be delivered. Then, both parties to
the trade know that the deal is done.
Future versions will manipulate both digital cash and digital accounts, as
well as multiple currencies. Real-time feeds are also a possibility. For now,
however, Systemics is concentrating on building in the basic features and
reliability that risking an individual's money will demand. Wynn's plans are
oriented towards the developing a trading library that can be used as the
basis for a whole class of browsers. "In the short term, our investors and
testers are still proving the system for us. In coming weeks, we intend to
release a new version of Systemics Trader for widespread demonstration
purposes on our test markets."
An Internet Team
Systemics Ltd, an Irish company, holds the brand and fronts for the team in
any formal discussions. But the real capital is in the heads of the many
individuals who have contributed. Outside the tiny core is a small group of
"insiders" who contribute ideas, software development and testing. And
outside this group is the Internet software community. Enourmous amounts
of freely available software have gone into the system, making the efforts of
the group just the tip of the iceberg, and the core team just the bunch of
penguins sitting on the tip.
"We are an Internet team, not a company in some office. What some are calling
the virtual company is really a series of concentric circles flowing out
over the Internet. The pebble dropped in the centre of the well is the idea,
the development waves move out and reflect back in to form the product.
Think about Internet development as that big node where all the waves rush
in to one point."
This information release from Systemics Ltd. Copyright 1996 Systemics Ltd.
Free and widespread distribution is permitted, as long as attribution is
maintained. Please point your readers at our home page:
 This release will be located in
Systemics, Systemics Trader and Cryptix are trade marks of Systemics, Ltd.
The Spring Street Brewery can be found at and Wit Capital at ShareLink is at  Also see InfoTrade
Bob Hettinga, prolific net poster, is at  or rather,
his e$ homepage is. Subscribe to the e$ mailing lists for the latest digital
cash gossip.
Pretty Good Privacy and PGP are trademarks of PGP, Inc. Phil Zimmermann
and PGP are thse days better found at their new corporate home:
Java is a trademark of JavaSoft, found at --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-19 05:23:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cybank breaks new ground; rejects public-key encryption 
Frankly, newspapers sound like too much work. Just post them here. That
should get their attention. It worked for Ian. :-).
Sort of like the old Alaskan bumper sticker: "Eat caribou. 10,000 wolves
can't be wrong."
Well, maybe it's a non-sequitur. But, I did think "1,000 Cypherpunks"
before remembering said bumpersticker from my childhood. Which is close
enough, I figure... :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-20 23:02:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97: Anguilla, Anyone? 
July 19, 1996
Boston, Massachusetts
"What are you doing the last week of February, 1997?  How about going to
Those are the two lines which started an awful lot of interesting stuff...
It was the end of May, and I was winding up a contract for someone, and was
thinking about what to do next. I got to thinking about what a great year
it has been since about September or so, when 36 Boston-area financial
cryptography types, Peter Cassidy and I founded the Digital Commerce
Society of Boston.
Since then, the whole idea of actually selling stuff over the net, not just
displaying it there, has really caught on. I've written rants all over the
net, done guest editorials for InfoWorld and Wired, spoken at Apple and
Internet World, and done lots of other great stuff, all around the emerging
technology of digital commerce, and, in particular, financial cryptography
on public networks.
We've had speakers at DCSB ranging from Win Treese of Open Market and
Donald Eastlake of Cybercash, to Mark Bernkopf, a certified Beltway Bandit,
by way of the Fed's Open Market Operations and the Clinton White House, to
a well-known cypherpunk, Perry Metzger, giving a talk wryly titled
"Gold-Denominated Burmese Opium Futures?".  Julie Rackliffe, membership
manager of Boston's Computer Museum, has been an enormous help, organizing
the first of the Society's large activities, a networking party at the
Downtown Harvard Club's 38th-floor lounge, featuring a beautiful sunset,
and complementary cocktails and hors' deuvres, all sponsored by the Open
Software Foundation.
At the Computers, Freedom and Privacy conference in April, I met Ray
Hirschfeld, manager of CWI, and director of the CAFE digital cash project.
I also met Ian Goldberg, who made himself famous this winter by hacking a
great big hole in Netscape's SSL protocol, and then, a few months later,
doing the same thing to Digicash's ecash mint software, both of which are
now much safer to use as a result of his efforts.
That evening, in a digital-coin session that lasted until about 2 AM, about
10 of us die-hards, including Ian and Ray, talked about the emerging
technology of financial cryptography, and how it was going to be impossible
for anyone to ignore Real Soon Now. Other people, ;-), muttered about
"asking forgiveness, not permission" from the various government regulators
around the world, and just making stuff like anonymous digital cash a fait
accompli on the internet from a small island banking haven somewhere.
Thinking about all this reminded me of someone else, who actually *lived*
on a small island banking haven, Vince Cate, another cypherpunk who founded
Offshore Information Services, on the island of Anguilla in the eastern
Carribbean. When I was a kid, I used to live on nearby St. Thomas, and as a
result of our common interests in everything from kitesailing and
multihulls to technomadness, Vince and I found ourselves on lots of other
e-mail lists besides cypherpunks. This winter was especially nasty in
Boston, and I found myself pining for the tropics more than once,
particularly in February, when the weather was its worst...
And then, as they say here in Massachusetts, "Dawn broke on Marble-head."
It all came together: Why not have a financial cryptography conference, in
February, on Anguilla? Someplace where, given the internet access already
there, someday, someone could actually create the "First Anonymous Bank of
Cyberspace". (Well, maybe not this year. ;-)) This conference idea just
kept sounding better and better. I kept tweaking it as I thought about it.
I thought it should be a peer-reviewed conference, where people could not
only talk about the state of the art in cryptography as it is applied to
finance, but the states of the art in finance, law, and economics, as they
applied to strong cryptography on a public network.
I added a workshop the week before, where the technically clueful but
cryptographically unaware could get hands-on training in setting up SSL
servers, or Digicash mintware, or learn about digital bearer certificates
and other animals in the financial crypto bestiary.
I thought about exhibit space, where people could show their wares. About
having the bandwidth to support this... and that's when I e-mailed Vince
Cate with the idea, starting with the line, "Vince, what are you doing in
Vince *really* liked the idea. :-).
We kicked stuff around for a bit, and I then approached Ray Hirschfeld
(with the same two questions you see at the top of this letter), to see
whether he'd be interested in putting together a conference committee and
running the conference from the "content" side. After some thinking, he
came back with a "yes", and, after I got myself off the floor, ;-), I
e-mailed Ian Goldberg, who said *he'd* be interested, *if* he could get his
advisor at Berkeley to approve Ian's taking some time off in February,
which he thought probable. I e-mailed Julie Rackliffe, and she said she'd
be delighted to moonlight a bit and handle marketing for both workshop and
conference, and the management of the conference itself. Vince came back
later with what looks to be a conference site, complete with estimates for
T1 internet access (yes, Virginia, there are T1s in the Caribbean). The
site, like the rest of Anguilla, came through Hurricane Bertha with flying
Ray has even come up with a simple name for the conference, "Financial
Cryptography 1997", or FC97, with apologies to Mr. Kaczynski. :-).
Ian came back to say he was in.
So, it looks like we're ready for the next step, which is to raise money
from about 10 charter sponsors to cover what will be our sunk costs prior
to collecting revenue for exhibit space, workshop and conference revenue.
Here's what what we have in mind so far...
Ray has started to assemble the conference committee with some impressive
names on it so far -- including some who will surprise you -- which will
referee papers.  We're hoping for the conference as a whole to be more in
the way of a union of cryptography and finance than an intersection of the
two fields. The conference procedings will be published, particularly on
the web, but on paper as well.
The conference itself will run from Monday, February 24, through Friday,
February 28, 1997, from the hours of 8:30AM to 12:30PM. The afternoons will
be taken up with various sponsored activities, one each afternoon,
including lunch, and each evening, including dinner. We're figuring that
the total number of conference hours in this conference will be the same as
most other technical conferences, but they'll be stretched out over the
whole week.
We did this for several reasons. The first is, we're in Anguilla, and
people *will* bug out in the afternoons whether we want them to or not, so
we might as well bug out together, and the second is *also* that we're in
Anguilla, and people can't go anywhere else after going to all the trouble
of getting there anyway, so we might as well stretch the conference out
over the whole week. :-). Finally, like Cannes, people will be going to
this conference for much more than the technical sessions. We're leaving
lots of time for informal discussions and networking, and, of course, for
seeing the exhibits and products of our sponsors and exhibitors.
We're currently hoping for a target price for a conference ticket of (all
prices in US dollars) $1,000, a nice round number, which should include
breakfast. Lunch and dinner will be paid for by the afternoon activity
sponsor and the evening activity sponsor, respectively. We're hoping to
arrange conference discounts on airfare to Anguilla and lodging.
The workshop, run by Ian Goldberg, and to be held the week before (February
17/24), will run during the same hours, 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM, but, given the
educational nature of the workshop, the afternoons and evening will be open
for lab time to experiment with new technologies and to learn more on one's
own or in the company of one of the instructors. We want a 5-to-1
student-instructor ratio, and we're planning to hire instructors, all known
to the net community, who, along with their stipend, will receive a
complementary conference ticket and room and board for three weeks (one
week pre-workshop preparation, and one week each for the workshop and
conference). We plan to charge $5,000 for each workshop participant. We
want to have a T1 to the net, a workstation for each participant and
several different kinds of servers to work with.
There will be exhibit space for companies who just want to exhibit and not
be a conference sponsor. These companies will also get 2 conference tickets
per booth. There will also be booths reserved for charter sponsors at
discount prices.
So, right now, we're looking for 10 charter sponsors.  These companies will
have their names on all conference communications, including e-mail,
banners, and collateral literature. In addition, their names will be on
either an afternoon or evening activity, including dinner or lunch, where
applicable. They also get 5 conference tickets, and that discount on booth
As I said before, the sponsorship money will be used to cover sunk costs:
advance fees, deposits and the like, plus an operating reserve. Money
various people are going to want up-front, before proceeding with any work.
A full accounting of money spent will be available to the sponsors, since
we consider them our most important stakeholders in this first-ever
Financial Cryptography conference and workshop.
Of course, as we determine costs for specific things, there will also be an
opportunity for sponsors in-kind, but right now, we're looking for actual
money. :-).
Upon collection of revenue from the conference, workshops, and exhibits,
paying off the costs incurred to date, the sponsorship money will then be
used to pay for the specific activity they want to sponsor. Any money left
over, of course, is ours, :-), but sponsors *will* get their money's worth.
We promise.
Ray and the conference committee are getting reimbursement for their
expenses, but in the "chinese wall" tradition of these kinds of
conferences, they are not being paid anything for their time. Ian, as
workshop leader, is getting paid a good fee for his time (*much* better
than t-shirts and bugs bounties), plus a share of the workshop's profits,
if any, and the workshop instructors will get a good stipend. Vince, Julie
and I are going to get paid for our efforts (well, we hope :-)) but,
believe me, nobody's going to get rich doing this conference, by any
stretch. We'll all be very happy if we can make it happen, everyone is
happy when it's over, and we get paid reasonably for the time we spent on
The sponsors' choice of activity blocks, afternoon or evening, or for any
day of the week, will be on a first come, first served basis. The first 10
sponsors to get us a check gets those slots. If we don't get enough
sponsors by our self-imposed deadline of September 15th, then all checks
will be returned and we'll cancel the conference, or at least examine other
Sponsors' checks should be payable, in U.S. Dollars, to "Financial
Cryptography, 1997". After we get requisite number of sponsors, the checks
will be deposited in an Anguillan bank, and the partnership running the
conference and workshop will operate under Anguillan law.
For the time being, I'm the net.contact for particulars, if you know anyone
who's interested in helping us sponsor this event. Julie Rackliffe will
handle most of the actual contact with the sponsors after we're through
this first "expression of interest" phase.
Once Ray gets his conference committee assembled and they've finished
writing one, look for a Call for Papers in all the usual lists and
newsgroups. Once Ian has assembled his team of instructors, look for
information on the workshop and its contents from him in the same kinds of
I'll announce when we have the requisite sponsorship as soon as we get the
sponsor list filled. Some time after that announcement, Vince Cate will be
putting together a website on Anguilla which will not only offer
information about the conference, but also a way to register, and hopefully
pay for :-), your conference tickets. With a stiff tailwind, we might be
able to arrange travel and hotel reservations too, or at least point you to
web-savvy travel people who can help you.
So, if you, or any one you know, is interested in being a sponsor for this
event, please let me know. I think you'll be pleasantly surprised by our
sponsorship pricing. We think it's well within the signing authority of
most of the senior people who read this, and should fit quite reasonably
into the promotion budget of any firm who wants to compete in the financial
cryptography business, or any business it affects, as these kinds of
markets begin to take off.
Well, that's it. Here's hoping you'll join us in Anguilla. Then you, too,
will know what *you're* doing the last week in February!
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-20 21:01:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
^^^^
Now *that's* an invasion of privacy...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-21 03:54:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: take the pledge 
The more I see, the more I agree. I filter relevant stuff out of here onto
e$pam, and I've only sent out about two of Mr. Sternlight's "n-ty" total
posts in the past four days or so. He certainly is articulate and well
read, but he's considerably mired in heirarchical statist thinking. It's a
wonder he doesn't trip, walking with his head turned exactly backward like
Our political differences aside, and in the spirit of keeping my killfile
from frying under the load of plonking him, ;-), I would like to propose
what could be called a compromise.
I challenge Mr. Sternlight to do two things:
1. Not to respond to this post. :-).
Actually, I believe that's part of my problem with Mr. Sternlight. He's
about the best tat-titter I've ever seen. On my high-school forensics team,
he would bat .500 in all his matches, because he would win all his negative
debates and have no affirmative case for the rest. Or, more to the point,
he might have one, but he never seems to present it except in rebuttal.
Unfortunately, the judges don't count those points, David, and even though
this is just a mail list, the same rules of logic and rhetoric are there,
whether we like them or not.  Which brings me to the second challenge,
2. Write something from scratch.
That is, actually *start* a thread. From scratch. Probably one of the
causes of a lot of the vitriol on this list is instant "Oh, yeah, sez who!"
ability that e-mail gives us. I would be very interested in something from
Mr. Sternlight where he gave us some facts, some deduction from those
facts, and some well-thought-out conclusions from those deductions. It
would probably be a treat to read, and, when done, would not be nearly as
objectionable as his frequent and voluminous pot-shots from behind the
hedgerows. Witty repartee is nice, occasionally, but, like rich food, it
can make one bloated and bilious when consumed in any quantity.
On a small tangent, my idea of a perpetual motion machine would be a
Sternlight/Hallam-Baker flamewar, those two seeming to be the greatest
tat-titters on this list (exclusive of those in my kill-file, who, of
necessity, will remain nameless here). Of course, this would be a paradox,
because even though Mr. (yes, *Mr.*, in the Oxfordian sense, Phill) H-B is
a thoroughgoing liberal crypto-socialist (in the "Myra Brekenridge" sense
of crypto) and Mr. Sternlight is an equal and opposite conservative, they
both end up holding the same end of the stick in arguments around here. I
find that quite interesting to think about from the standpoint of political
philosophy, but it doesn't make them any less annoying to read. For the
moment, anyway.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-22 03:46:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
, yourself...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-23 14:10:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [Noise] Hettinga Sees Colors... 
Okay, Okay, Okay...
Speaking as a Genuine (unconvicted ;-)) Felon and Certified-Insane Acid
Casualty, that was probably a fair shot. However...
About six weeks ago (as measured by the household clutter-depth since
then...) my sister-in-law, her husband (a comptroller for a chip-company),
their kids, my wife and I went to Concord to look at the "rude bridge"
where the first shots of the American revolution were fired.  Actually
choked me up a bit. Never figured on that.
Anyway, I was standing there at the monument to the British war dead ;-),
and said to the kids (ages 15, 13, and 11), "Guys, right here, on this
spot," (they looked down) " is were America [sic] started. If you could
imagine the ground here painted red, white and blue, and then the colors
radiating out from here in all directions", (they looked around) "from the
Atlantic to the Pacific, to Alaska and Hawaii, and bunch of islands in both
oceans. Oh, yeah. Even the Moon." Then they looked up.
Then they caught themselves, and looked at *me*, with classic adolescent
disdain, like I was from Mars. "Oh. *Right*, Uncle Bob..."
Same kids gifted me this Christmas with a polartec jester's cap (complete
with bells, handy when shovelling in a blizzard in, ahem, February?). When
they got here, I got a pair of Lennon-looking sunglasses with holograms of
Tex Avery eyeballs on them. Tokens of esteem for their Uncle Bob.
Hmmm. Maybe I *did* see colors out there in Concord. Greaaat visuals. Just
don't move your head too fast, man, or you'll miss 'em....
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-25 13:44:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Parsing John Youn (Re: OPS_nuk) 
What *he* said...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-28 13:40:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NEW: E-LEX - electronic lexicons 
For all you dictionary attackers out there...
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: "Sean M. Burke" Sender: NEW-LIST - New List Announcements E-LEX on listproc
E-LEX is a new email list for the discussion of the design of dictionaries
with electronic interfaces.
Topics may include:
        * the possibilities of hypertext/hypermedia for the electronic
                interface
        * adaptation of machine-readable dictionaries to user-friendly
                human-usable form
        * issues in conversion and adaptation of paper dictionaries to
                electronic form
The list's new homepage is at To subscribe to E-LEX, send a message to listproc
containing this line in the message body:
        subscribe E-LEX Your Name
Owner:  Sean M. Burke  sburke
                                 -------
Use this information at your own risk.  For more information and disclaimer
send E-mail to LISTSERV with the command  INFO NEW-LIST
in the body.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-29 05:09:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: The Demographic "Transaction" (was Re: Schelling Points...) 
On a wild tangent to the topic at hand, this reminds me of a talk at MIT I
went to last year (?) given by an editor emeritus of SciAm, can't remember
his name at the moment, but he was introduced by Phillip Morrison, which
was memorable for its own sake.
This guy talked about something he called the "demographic transition",
where a country's per capita life expectancy went past, say, 50 or so. When
that happens, people start to breed less. (Well, maybe the keep *breeding*,
but not procreatively ;-)).
As a result, family sizes and populations decline. He said that this has
started to happen in India, and China's getting there, draconian population
controls or not. I got the impression that he thought China couldn't have
enforced their population controls without an increase in life expectancy,
reality not being optional, and that law and government is an inevatably
reactive and not proactive business.
He said there are many hypotheses about what causes this decline in
fertility, including the commonly held one that people make babies as a
form old age pension income :-), but that all he was talking about was this
very strong inverse correlation between population growth and life
expectancy. He talked about this happening in Athens, and on the Italian
peninsula during the Roman empire, and gave other historical examples,
including, of course, Europe and America, Sweeden at the turn of the
century being a good example. He said America was the exception which
proves the rule, because most of our population growth now comes from
immigration, and that one way to kill the vitality of America was to kill
immagration, which should give erst-superpatriot Buchananite/Perotistas
some pause for reflection. He even manges to describe the post-war
baby-boom in these terms, but I forget how he did it.
He also said that the obvious things like public health and education were
good ways to increase life expectancy, but that the very best way to cause
this "demographic transition" was a dramatic increase in personal income.
Given the recent Forbes "Billionaire" issue, calling the 21st century the
"Asian Century", full of stories of the unleashed economic power of the
former command economies of India, Indonesia, Malaysia, etc., not to
mention China and VietNam or even Korea and Japan (yes, Virginia, they were
and are quasi-command economies, especially in their domestic accounts)
and, to a lesser extent, Singapore, I think he may be on to something
The crypto-economic relavence here is that once we have the ability to have
peer-to-peer transactions for everything transmittable (financial assets,
expertise, even teleoperated skillsets), economic "commands" won't be
audible for all the din of internet digital commerce.
Watch what happens to life expectancy then...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-29 14:03:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SET in Java 
Content-MD5: nhtCOgaiveb2ol2V4sPdow==
Sender: owner-set-talk
Precedence: bulk
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-30 03:04:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (Don't laugh *too* hard now...) "Filter"software for moneylaundering 
Encoding: 17 TEXT
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
          "lacc Sorry for cross-posting this message:
Dear All,
 Are you familiar with any
     software or any listing of producers of software to be used in
     tracking money-laundering?
     If so, let me know.
     Regards,
        Andrzej Adamski
        Chair of Criminal Law & Criminal Policy
        Nicolas Copernicus Univwersity
        87-100 Torun, Poland
        aadamski
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-30 07:50:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CBO study of electronic payment systems now on Web 
The new Congressional Budget Office study on electronic payment systems (ASCII
or Word Perfect Formats available) is now available at:
The Executive Summary Follows:
                                                      July 1996
         EMERGING ELECTRONIC METHODS FOR MAKING RETAIL PAYMENTS
Financial intermediaries such as banks and credit card companies are
developing products that will enable consumers and businesses to pay
for retail, or small-dollar, purchases electronically.  Increasingly
cheaper computing power and advances in data communications technology
have made those new payment methods possible.  The Congressional Budget
Office (CBO) study Emerging Electronic Methods for Making Retail
Payments examines the effect the new forms of payment will have on the
market for retail payments and the issues they will raise for federal
  The two primary types of payment being advanced for use in retail
purchases are prepaid stored-value cards and on-line payments made with
personal computers through the Internet.  Stored-value cards will function
much like prepaid mass transit or phone cards but could substitute for
cash in small-dollar purchases.  Payments proposed for use over the Internet
will include both familiar and new methods.  Familiar methods use existing
credit cards and checking accounts that are suitably modified for secure
on-line use.  Breaking new ground, several companies have proposed or issued
types of on-line scrip, which essentially functions like privately issued
traveler's checks.
  This study assesses the market potential for stored-value cards and
on-line payments by analyzing both the current use of cash in the economy
and the specific markets commonly cited as likely candidates for such payment
methods.  An eventual market for stored-value cards of $20 billion yearly is
not inconceivable but will develop gradually.
  The introduction of electronic payment methods raises a number of policy
issues.  Existing laws and regulations, for example, do not clearly cover
some of the new methods, or cover them only under certain circumstances.
Questions arise as to whether the balances of stored-value cards and on-line
scrip will be covered by deposit insurance or be subject to reserve
requirements, and whether consumers will be protected by current regulations
that limit liability for unauthorized use of credit cards and electronic
fund transfers.  Even in areas that existing laws cover--such as antitrust
policy and law enforcement against money laundering, fraud, and tax
evasion--applying and enforcing those laws may be more difficult.
  Two major concerns are the effect of the new payment methods on monetary
policy and the effect of having nondepository institutions issue them.
Issuance by firms other than federally regulated depository institutions
raises competitive issues and concerns about the safety and soundness of the
financial system.  Given the expected small size of the market for electronic
payments, however, monetary policy and the financial system are unlikely to
be seriously affected.
  Questions about the study should be directed to Judith Ruud or Philip Webre
of CBO's Natural Resources and Commerce Division at (202) 226-2940.  The
of Intergovernmental Relations is CBO's Congressional liaison office and can
be reached at 226-2600.  For additional copies of the study, please call the
Publications Office at 226-2809.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-31 07:38:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Taxes in the digicash world 
Sometimes, in my wilder moments, I think about it this way: Agriculture
created cities, where the "government", actually large landowners, relied
on implicitly forcible payments-in-kind of agricultural produce.
Industrialism (Maybe. Maybe printing did.) created nation states, which
rely on forcibly obtained taxes on cash-flow and financial assets. Maybe,
in a financial cryptography -enabled geodesic economy, cashflow and
financial asset taxation become impossible as a revenue source for anything
but the propigation and/or regulation (probably private) of cashflows and
financial assets themselves ;-).
The phrase "Government services" becomes exposed for the oxymoron that it
really is under this scenario. There'll be no way to compel payment for
these "services", so they'll be forced to prove their usefulness in a
market of some kind. They'll have to earn their money the old fashioned
I expect that large economic entities may exist, the way cities and
nation-states do, but they won't be geographic in nature, because location
ceases to be as economically important as it is in agriculturalism, where
land is the source of all wealth, or as it is in industrialism, where
actual physical positions in distribution and information heirarchies are
so important. (The three laws of retail, and all that...)  It's even hard
for me to see large permanent entities as salient features of such an
economy. That is, each entity will be more like an ad-hoc partnership of
other smaller entities, which goes away after its specific financial
purpose has been completed. We're experimenting with those "virtual"
organizations now, and the word "syndicate" will probably reemerge as the
dominant way of doing larger business projects. The financial and
entertainment markets work this way a lot, and, even though large
corporations exist in those markets, lately there's been a proliferation of
smaller and smaller firms as information technology enables their creation.
Permanence is a function of physical reality, and information, because it's
not physical, is not permanent. It is always in the process of becoming
something else.
So, real estate taxes may be the only thing left, but they might be used
for really trivial stuff, like very local roads, infrastructure (dark fiber
maintenance? :-)), etc., and not much else. Kind of like local irragation
committees in third world countries (or New Mexico ;-)) devolved from the
water-monopoly "states" of places like ancient Mesopotamia, Egypt or China.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-07-31 13:02:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: WaPo on Crypto-Genie Terrorism 
He's gone?
Anyone wanna buy a used water-cooled killfile, cheap?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-02 02:14:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Let's Say "No!" to Single, World Versions of Software 
Which, of course, would kill your business.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-02 02:14:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Micali's rights to lightweight certificates etc. 
rodney rsalz silvio
        spki
Precedence: bulk
Dear Carl:
Last April I was forwarded by Ron (Rivest) the
following e-message addressed to you:
     "[Re: Micali's lightweight certificates with hash chains]
      The mechanism maybe patented, but who owns the patent?
      I am aware of claims by two european groups who have
      payment schemes using a combined s/key and signed cert
      technique
      Pghill"
As I do not know the context of your conversation, it is hard for me
to guess which technology's rights the  above question refers to.
There are (at least) two possible technologies the question refers to.
Let me thus answer it in either case. I would appreciate if you could
pass this information to people you feel may be interested in it.
(I am trying to CC all the people CCed in the original message,
but  I am not sure that this reaches all the right people.)
                       RIGHTS INFORMATION
My efficient certificate revocation technology is itself based on my
off-line digital signature technology.
The efficient certificate certificate revocation technology has
been invented by me alone. I have filed for patent protection,
and the patent is currently pending with the U.S. Patent Office.
The underlying off-line signature technology has been invented
by Shimon Even, Oded Goldreich and me. The technology is protected by
U.S. Patent No. 5,016,274. The rights to this technology are only with me.
(The latter technology, among other things, covers the process of separating
the signing process into two stages: a OFF-LINE one --that can be performed
before knowing what the message to be signed is--- and an ON-LINE one
--which is typically performed when one knows exactly what he/she wishes
to sign. In the preferred embodiment,  in the off-line step,
the  signer uses the secret key SK of a first, conventional secret-public key
pair (SK,PK) to digitally sign the publick key, pk, of a
second, restricted but very fast, signature  scheme. In the on-line step,
the signer uses the second secret key --i.e., the one associated with pk--
in order to sign the desired message.
In particular, the second public key, pk, can be
obtained by evaluating k times a given one-way hash function on input
sk. After doing so, one can sign in an off-line step pk together with
a certificate serial number (and other information).
Then, in an on-line step, one can sign  that a certificate is being valid
for at at least i days --where i is between 1 and k--
by releasing the ith inverse of pk; that is, by releasing a value that,
hashed i times, yields pk.
You can thus see the connection between the two technologies.)
Both technologies are available for licensing.
If you or someone in your discussion group is aware of a company
using either technology, I would appreciate if you could facilitate a
contact between me and such a company, so that we can discuss possible
licensing arrangements.
The Efficient Certificate Revocation Paper is presented in
MIT Technical MIT/LCS/TM-542, dated November 95. A better version
appears in a March 1996 manuscript. Either version could be obtained
from me, if more convenient.
Off-Line Digital Signatures also appear in the Proceedings of
Crypto 89.  A better version can be found in
The Journal of Cryptography (1996) 9; pp. 35-67.
Any version is also obtainable from me, if more convenient.
Hope this helps answering the above ``rights'' question.
Thank you also in advance for forwarding the above information
to whomever you believe may be interested in it.
All the best,
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-04 08:47:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: SOUP KITCHENS 
Milton Freedman observed this in "Free to Choose". He said something to the
effect that regulation only *helps* the existing players in any given
market by increasing barriers to entry, especially for smaller firms.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-05 00:28:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: SOUP KITCHENS (fwd) 
Actually, it's really a question more of information than transportation.
The, heh, solution to diaherrea-induced dehydration -- like the kind you
get from Cholera -- is a very simple mixture of sugar, salt, and water.
This (and, of course, the proper construction of the sanatation facilities
which caused the Cholera to begin with) is just the kind of information
which the internet can carry.
All we need is a few more cycles of Moore's law and a bunch of
microsattelite-based internet routers...
And, of course, the microcurrency system to pay for it all. :-).
It would certainly be cheaper than "Peace" Corps ecotourism...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-05 00:56:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: fbi, crypto, and defcon 
Ah. So, why settle the transactions for digital cash and skip all that
overhead? Yet another application for micromoney.
It seems to me that I've been arguing -- for two years now -- that digital
bearer certificate settlement will prove to be *much* cheaper than
book-entry settlement, and here the answer's been looking at us, straight
in the face, all this time.
Anybody have any ideas how to go about measuring the savings between
accumulating, storing, and processing call-billing data and simply paying
for them  before/during/after the call with digital cash?
I hear this strange rumbling underground. Hey, isn't that "Dad" Joiner?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-05 22:35:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: International Conference on Electronic Markets ! 
Reply-To: ram
X-Hpvue$Revision: 1.8 $
X-Vue-Mime-Level: 4
Mailer: Elm [revision: 70.85]
                            Seventh Conference on
          Organizational Computing, Coordination and Collaboration
               International Conference on Electronic Markets

@_date: 1996-08-06 04:48:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Email Confidentiality and Malpractice? 
X-Sender: oldbear
I always feel funny passing along items like this from usenet.
This was posted to nine of the alt.business newsgroups dealing with
law and insurance investigation.  It seemed reasonably interesting,
contains some useful information, and is not overly offensive for a
self-promotional spam.  (And, at least it was posted in appropriate
If you see any merit in all or part of this being reposted to dcsb
or elsewhere, feel free to do so.
--- Forwarded message follows ---
Lines: 74
If you're discussing cases through email and you're not encrypting your
correspondence, then you could be committing malpractice.  See:
                                Client Confidentiality:
            A Lawyer's Duties with Regard to Internet E-Mail
                                  by
                            Robert L. Jones
                            August 16, 1995
    Contents:
       1. E-Mail v. Snail Mail
       2. Hacker, Cracker, Phracker - Sniffer, Spoofer, Spy
       3. Encryption to the Rescue?
       4. Bad Things That Happen to Good Lawyers
       5. Ethical Considerations
       6. The Attorney-Client Privilege
       7. Negligence Anyone?
       8. Conclusion
       9. Endnotes
Bob's homepage is  And here is the website for Georgia State Univ. Law School.  It has one
of the best collections of cyberlaw resources I've seen.  GSULaw is at
the cutting edge of the field.
            While Bob's brilliant article specifically addresses attorney-client
confidentiality, his insights apply to any professional using email.
In fact, anyone who uses email for internet or intranet communications
faces the same fact of life: unencrypted email carries no expectation
of privacy.  It's like dropping a postcard through the mail.  In fact,
it's even worse.  Important discussions of cases, clients, patients,
bids, negotiations, strategies or anything requiring confidentiality
needs to be securely encrypted.  Sending unencrypted sensitive email
invites nightmare scenarios.
        Viacrypt is the answer. It combines the essentially unbreakable
strength of Phil Zimmerman's PGP (Pretty Good Privacy) with the
user-friendly interface of Windows.  Easy to install and use, Viacrypt
allows the user to quickly encrypt and decrypt email.  It also allows
the user to sign messages, and to check the signature of other electronic
        Viacrypt also allows the user to encrypt files on one's own hard
drive.  A user of PGP can leave the office knowing that sensitive files
will remain confidential regardless of who is on the evening cleanup
        Regular PGP for DOS is free. If you want to find out more about
where and how to get your free copy, then visit the Encryption Policy
Resource Page:
                             And if you need help getting it up and running, feel free to
contact me.
        Viacrypt, on the other hand, costs money.  I offer it
        for $125 plus shipping.
        I suggest that you get your copy fast while it is still legally
available.  Both FBI Director Louis Freeh and Vice President Al Gore
have both spoken out against allowing US citizens to use encryption this
strong.  They want everyone to register their private encryption software
keys with the federal government, thus allowing the feds to read anyone's
email.  It is reminiscent of the old communist governments' laws
requiring citizens to register their typewriters with the police.
Widespread use of PGP will hamper government efforts to ban it.  PGP is
so strong that the federal government has declared it a weapon and
banned its export.
Bill Fason
Serves You Right
Civil Process & Investigations          * Skiptraces
1436 W. Gray                        * Background Checks
Houston TX 77019                        * Asset Searches
713/524-4767                            * PGP Encryption Consulting
713/942-8165 fax                        * Financial Fraud Detection
SLN A-8111
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-06 15:10:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce 
e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce
Stiffing, Stealth Conferences,
Pieces of the True Cross, Stiffies,
Grenades and Magic Feathers
Robert Hettinga
The principal waste of my time and attention, for the last six weeks or so,
has been my negotiations (or lack thereof) with an (as yet ;-)) unnamed
cypherpunk (and company) about whether they're going to stiff (or not) Peter
Cassidy, me, and two (as yet) unnamed other people, on the final payment
(a moderately signigicant chunk of change) for some consulting work we
did for them earlier this year. We accuse them of shooting the messenger,
because their idea won't work. More to the point, they couldn't make it work
even if a market was there. Which it isn't. For them, anyway. They accuse us
of gross incompetence. Interesting, because we punchlisted the entire
contract (and voluminous addenda) before we shipped the report, have logs of
them downloading *all* the source material and appendices, which we put on
the server for them *long* before we started dunning them for a past due
invoice. Not to mention Peter's written more *published* articles on
topics like this (in places, like, say, the Economist) in the last *year*
than most people *write* about *anything* in their entire lifetimes. And, of
course, they *aren't* going with the business idea they hired us to check
out in the first place. Go figure.
May you live in interesting times, the chinese curse goes, and things have
gotten interesting enough for me lately, thank you very much. I finally
decided to unwrap myself emotionally this week from this particular
"interesting time", "modulo" (to quote the aforementioned unnamed
cypherpunk) real (or imagined :-)) "other" measures our legal help says we
can take, should the inevitable stiffing (or not) occur, and concentrate on
other stuff, "modulo" my time spent in further negotiations about being
stiffed (or not).
Clearly, I've been talking with legal types too much lately. Speaking of
which, someday, I want to write another non-repudiation rant. Code and
Reputation instead of Law and Force, and all that. But not now. We still
might work this out. I hope.
So, in the background of the aforementioned stiffing (or not), Vinnie
Moscaritolo and I have been working on a project, something we've been
talking about since January or so. We wanted to throw a small Macintosh
crypto conference. Tim Dierks, of Consensus (and ex- Apple DTS, where Vinnie
now works), buttonholed Vinnie in a coffee shop a while back, and proposed
that we "stealth" the crypto conference idea into one about digital
commerce. Seeing as how both Vinnie and I gibber about "Digital Commerce is
Financial Cryptography" and all, it was fine by us. Along about June (July?)
or so, Vinnie, ever the mil-spec, surreptitiously obtained the necessary
sack of grenades and started paddling in towards the beach in a rubber raft,
inviting us to mop-up festivities the next morning at dawn. Next thing we
all knew, he had scheduled an Apple conference facility in Cupertino for 2
days, the 5th and 6th of September, a Thursday and Friday, and he may have
even gotten Apple to spring for groceries, though Those with Proper
Budgetary Authority might have gotten hit by a grenade or two, and they (the
groceries) could be MIA. Fortunately, this activity has been entirely a
ground-up exercise on the developers' part, so going dutch for lunch
probably won't scare anyone off, one way or the other. We could probably
hold it in a Chuck-E-Cheese and fill the room, people are that interested in
internet commerce, and crypto, on the Mac. And those little gophers, of
Meanwhile, also in my, heh, copious, free time, (did I tell you I'm also
pitching sponsors for FC97? :-)), I've been working on a Mac-e$ rant with
Vinnie. Collaberation is Hard.  But, it looks like we're just about through.
Real Soon Now. Kind of reminds me of the late-1960's button which said
"Freedom Soon". In the process, said rant has turned into some kind of
Magnum Opus, which makes me nervous, with contributions from a couple of
other people besides Vinnie and myself. And, no, the one you're reading
isn't it. :-). But it's coming. Soon. We hope.
All of which brings up the *real* point of this rant. I mean, who *cares* if
you can do crypto on the Mac or not? Why not stand back and watch the
MacRubble bounce?
My thinking about all of this started because I've been reading Vinnie's
mail over his shoulder. (Yes. I'm shameless. When we're working on stuff
together, we trade our mail about it. As they say in the Mac biz, "Sosumi".)
That is, Vinnie's been out there scaring up speakers for this shindig that
he "borrowed" the grenades for, and, well, in his tree-shaking (God help you
if Vinnie shakes a tree you're in), he invites (if you could call what
Vinnie sent an invitation :-)) Yet *Another* Nameless Cypherpunk (YANC) to
come and give us what we hope would be a Patented Colorful Cypherpunk
crypto-Peptalk, with Vinnie saying to him (YANC), in effect, we need him
(YANC) for a proper Laying-On of Hands, him being a Piece of the True Crypto
Cross, and all.
Of course, Vinnie didn't stand a chance.  If we *could* consider Vinnie for
it, (which we can't, because he's on the selection committee) he might have
earned the coveted 1996 Black Rhino "Mr. Kevlar" award (for courage in the
face of imaginary gunfire) for his efforts. Actually, considering the, heh,
caliber, of last year's winner, it's just as well. A, uh, bang-up job Mr.
Weinstein of Netscape did last year. A hard one to top. And so, the search
continues. Both for this year's "Mr. Kevlar", and, of course, for some other
Piece of the True Cross. Or so we think. I'll get to that in a moment.
What Vinnie got from Yet Another Nameless Cypherpunk, instead of "Yes, I'll
come talk about crypto, the universe, and everything.", was Yet Another
Rendition of the Apple Macintosh Massacree. In six-part ;-) harmony, of
course. And, no, I won't sing it here in its 21-minute (not even 17 for
radio) entirety. However, I should really note here that no matter how
reasoned and cogent YANC's arguments were (and cogent they were, too: upon
reading them, I was halfway to the dumpster with my trusty old PB180,
tears in my eyes, before I came to my senses), in general, one of the *big*
reasons that Vinnie got the $0$AD ($ame Old $ong And Dance) Re the Future of
the Mac as a Viable Platform was probably more because the aforementioned
YANC has eschewed speaking opportunities like this for years anyway, and
Vinnie probably didn't ask him with the Proper Deference Necessary for a
Cypherpunk of That Stature. In fact, I *know* Vinnie didn't, because I read
his mail ;-). However, that, of course, wasn't why YANC gave Vinnie the
aforementioned Massacree in particular.
YANC Massacreed Vinnie because there's a lot of *very* disappointed Mac
users out there, YANC being a prominent example thereof. Love the computer.
Hate the company. Hell hath no fury like a Mac user (not to mention
shareholder) scorned. Heck. I understand *that*. I did the *same* thing just
over a year ago this week. "Platforms are Meat", and all that. For what it's
worth, YANC, I *feel* your pain... :-).
So, I repeat, why *not* stand back and let the MacRubble bounce? No, this is
not a segue for me to stand up in my chair and start singing the Apple
Company Song at the top of my lungs, complete with a QuickDraw-VR DOOM
environment file of One Infinite Loop right up there on the screen for y'all
to marvel at and play with using your very own Newtons, all while I sing 100
Company Song verses with a six-part MIDI chorus of my own voice (Yechhh!).
Nope. Not me. Indeed, I really *do* say, "Why not?". That is, let's look at
what happens if people *don't* develop crypto for the Mac.
The truth is folks, not much.
First of all, we all think it'll be Real Bad News for Apple Real Soon
if real-live strong cryptography isn't shoved as far down as it's possible
to make it go into the Mac's operating system, and right now, dammit. But,
so *what*? The Mac's only, say, 5-7% of the computer market anyway, and the
only possibly new, cool, stuff Apple's involved in, say, OpenDoc/Cyberdog,
has 5%, maybe 10%, of *that*, so, who *cares*? Potential Mac crypto
developers aren't effecting that many people at *all*. They would better
spend their time doing CryptoJava++ or something, because there's *much*
more market penetration *there*. Or, even better, developers should go do
CAPI for Windows. I mean, that's where the *real* money is, right? So
fergadaboudit, go write CAPI-code, I mean, Microsoft Gets The Internet Now,
right? At least there'll be *active* developer support from the MotherShip,
which is better than whatcha get from Apple ferchrissakes .
But, as bad as all this is, lack of strong crypto is not nearly that much of
a Mac-Killer, or more to the point, an Apple-Killer. (Love the Machine, Hate
the Company, remember?) What's killing Apple is Apple's sclerotic management
style, and, frankly, too much living high off the hog when margins were fat.
Of course, you never know. Apple could just keep cranking out more and more
machines, at smaller and smaller market shares, ad infinitum. Look at
Porsche (remember Ferry Porsche and what a "disaster" the Volkswagen was?),
or Rolls-Royce. Personally, I would bet that, *if* the Sclerotic Apple
scenario's the case, then jumping with both feet into crypto, and by
extension, financial cryptography and digital commerce, could add a few more
years to Apple's lifetime, but all that money might just go straight to
Apple's waistline *anyway* (at 360lbs soaking wet, *I* should talk...), and
make the end, if it occurs, even that much more grotesque.  ( Yeah, but what
a way to go... Fat Power! ;-))
And, yet, Vinnie's probably going to fill the room on September 5th and 6th.
Hell, he might even fill Chuck-E-Cheese to boot. How come? Because, even
though the market share is small, there's just enough there to support the
small developers who made the Mac a great machine in the first place.
There's a guy in Germany named Ruf. I still think he's around.  Don't ask me
how to say his name. What he does is buy brand-new Porsche 911s, fresh from
the factory, and "blueprints" them. That is, he takes them all apart, down
to the nuts and bolts, and rebuilds them *exactly* to the original design
specifications, remachining metal where necessary. You can imagine that,
with Porsches, there isn't much tolerence for production errors to begin
with, but blueprint them Mr. Ruf does. After he does that, he tweaks them
with all the aftermarket go-fast stuff it's possible to cram onto the little
30-year-old 911 design, some of which he's invented himself. After he's
done, they really do. Go fast, I mean. Usually, his tweaky stuff gets onto
his cars, now sold under the "Ruf" brand name, *waay* before it gets
adopted for production 911s. Mr. Ruf has been doing this for a long time.
His cars go for twice or three times what a production 911 goes for, if you
can imagine paying that much for a *very* fast Porsche 911. He has a very
long waiting list. He sells, say, 10 cars a year. He makes out like a
bandit. And he *loves* his job. There're a whole bunch of guys around
Stuttgart who do this kind of stuff. And *they* love their jobs, too.
That's why Vinnie's going to fill that room in Cupertino. (On the 5th and
6th of September, remember?) First of all, the developers who are left in
the Mac market are there because they love it. The old guys, who, like me,
can't get it up anymore, still hack Macs because they love them. The *new*
developers hack Macs because they can't get leave it *alone* and don't know
from market share anyway. They just love what they're doing.
Mssrs. B & B aside, who *knows* what the women Mac developers feel, young or
old, because I'm not one. Or a woman, for that matter. :-). But I *bet*
they're there because *they* love the Mac, too. And, of course, *all* of the
Mac crypto developers also understand the importance of strong cryptography
to digital commerce, so they want to make sure the Mac has it, if they have
to do it themselves, just like Mr. Ruf and his friends blueprint those
brand-new Porsche 911s.
So, finally, I'm going to pull out a dusty old story from the Disney Canon:
Dumbo.  Yes. The Dumbo story.
Remember that Dumbo had a magic feather, given to him by the crows, so that
he could fly, which of course, he didn't really need, because he could fly
already, he just didn't know it. Yes, boys and girls, Vinnie and the Mac
crypto developers wanted, in fear of that 900-foot drop into a teeeny bucket
of water, to have Yet Another Nameless Cypherpunk, A Piece of the True
Crypto Cross, be a magic feather. So they could fly.
Well, it looks like Vinnie, and all those room-filling Chuck-E-Cheese-
Gopher-Banging Mac crypto developers will have to use their ears (or what's
between them, anyway) to fly instead.
Only this time, Dumbo's got a sack of grenades.
A "munition" indeed...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-07 09:45:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Dumbo Lays an Egg (Was Re: e$: Watching the MacRubble Bounce) 
*Now* I've gone and done it. In private e-mail, I've gotten things back
like "You're outta control, man.", and "....Boom... My brain exploded.
Summarize please." Usually, I get *nice* letters in my e-mail box after one
of these things...
Serves me right. On a second(!) read, it looks more like I didn't take
*enough* ritalin. Might have focused things down a *lot*...
That's what I get for trying out the May Method of rant-writing (i.e., fire
'em and forget 'em...). *Not* blaming May, of course, I'm just not *that*
smart. ;-). I mean, Heinlien never drafted his short stories, either. :-).
Yes, I know, Tim, You *Knew* Robert Anson Heinlien, and...
Anyway, next time, I'll let it compost a bit, like the other e$ rants I do.
On this one, I just sort of sat down, and, Flow, Vesuvius!, out comes a
rant, 6 hours later. One Command-E, and out it goes.
Now, of course, I'm reminded more of the time I played "Pinata" with the
wasp nest...
Sorry, folks. I'll be more considerate of your time on the next one. Promise.
Oh. In Re the "Hunter Thompson" stuff. I *did* read too much Thompson --
and Tom Wolfe, and lots of other people -- and frankly, unless I'm writing
something nice, dry, and pithy, which I can't do *all* the time, I can't
stop now. You are what you read too much of. I'm kind of, well, twisted,
that way, I guess.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-07 20:27:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Phill's evil twin Skippy 
The weirdest thing happened to me today. (Nooo, not *that* wierd thing,
something *else*.) A gentleman proporting to be Phill Hallam-Baker (at
least his check said so, and they actually *do* clear...) showed up at the
DCSB meeting and had lunch. Very pleasant guy.  Quite civil, if a little
bit statist, and way too Hegelian for my blood...
Frankly, I think someone's *spoofing* Dr. Hallam-Baker, on the net or in
person. I can't figure out which one's which.
Anyone have some theories on this? Does he have an evil twin Skippy? The
world wants to know.
Will the real Phillip Hallam-Baker please stand up and thottle your evil twin?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-08 15:11:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mondex security 
Status: U
once,I asked you violation of Mondex security.
now ,I hear more information about this rumor.
it is very ambiguous info,
it is ..
Mondex ask some universities to try to violate Mondex IC card security
and every univ can do that or show how to do that.
Mondex don't reveal this fact.
please give me some infomation about this rumor,if you know.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-09 03:24:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Babble about universal service 
My thinking on this is, fine. Let them do it. It'll be like a python trying
to eat a water buffalo. One which grows exponentially upon being eaten.
To paraphrase Kipling,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-10 23:23:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: cryptography course at WPI 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Christof Paar Status: U
(I hope this mail is appropriate for this mailing list :)
This announcment is probably mainly of interest to people in the greater
Boston area.  I will offer a graduate course in crypto and data security in
the fall at Worcester Polytechnic Institute.  The focus group are on-campus
students as well as people in industry.  Last year, I taught exactly the same
course in industry and it was a big success.  I am sure that it serves
industry needs very well.
I will be gone for one week but promise to answer all questions about the
course immediately when I return.
Christof Paar
PS: There will be an advanced crypto course in the spring.
Christof Paar
Assistant Professor
ECE Department
Worcester Polytechnic Institute
100 Institute Road
Worcester, MA 01609
email: christof
www:   tel:   (508) 831 5061
fax:   (508) 831 5491
                               WPI
           EE 578/CS 578: CRYPTOGRAPHY AND DATA SECURITY
                     Fall '96, Monday, 5:30-8:15 pm
                           INTRODUCTION
It is well known that we are in the midst of a shift towards an information
society. The upcoming generation of digital information systems will provide
services such as:
  -  wireless LAN and WAN computer networks
  -  multi-media services (e.g., high quality video-on-demand)
  -  smart cards (e.g., for network identification of electronic purse)
  -  electronic banking/digital commerce
These and other new information-based applications will have far reaching
consequences. As this happens, security aspects of communication systems are
of growing commercial and public interest. Unfortunately, these aspects have
been widely underestimated or ignored in the past. Today, however, there is
high demand for expertise and high quality products in the field of
information security and cryptography.
WPI's graduate course EE 578/CS 578 provides a solid and broad foundation in
the area of cryptography and data security. After taking the course students
should have an overview of state-of-the-art cryptography. In industry, they
should be able to carefully choose and design a security scheme for a given
application. The course also serves as an introduction for students who are
interested in pursuing research in cryptography. There are several
opportunities for Master's and PhD theses in the field of cryptography.
                     COURSE DESCRIPTION
This course gives a comprehensive introduction into the field of
cryptography and data security. We begin with the introduction of the
concepts of data security. Different attacks on cryptographic systems are
classified. Some pseudo-random generators are introduced. The concepts of
public and private key cryptography is developed. As important
representatives for secret key schemes, DES, IDEA, and other private key
algorithms are described. The public key schemes RSA, ElGamal, and elliptic
curve crypto systems are developed. As important tools for authentication
and integrity, digital signatures and hash functions are introduced.
Advanced protocols for key distribution in networks are developed.
Identification schemes are treated as advanced topics.  Some mathematical
algorithms for attacking cryptographic schemes are discussed. Application
examples will include a protocol for security in a LAN and identification
with smart cards. Special consideration will be given to schemes which are
relevant for network environments.  For all schemes, implementation aspects
and up-to-date security estimations will be discussed.
                        PREREQUISITES
Working knowledge of ``C''. An interest in discrete mathematics and
algorithms is highly desirable.
                           TEXTBOOK
D.R. Stinson, Cryptography: Theory and Practice. CRC Press, 1995
                     SYLLABUS EE 578/CS 578
An important part of the course is an independent project. The project topic
can freely be chosen by the student. Possible topics include (but are not
limited to) implementation of a real-size cryptographic algorithm or
protocol, a literature study on new cryptographic schemes or on legal
aspects of cryptography, or implementation of an algorithm for attacking a
cryptographic scheme.
WEEK 1:
Introduction: Principals of cryptography. Classical algorithms.
Attacks on cryptographic systems.
WEEK 2:
Stream ciphers and pseudo-random generators. Some information theoretical
results on cryptography.
WEEK 3:
Private key cryptography: The Data Encryption Standard DES. Brief history,
function and performance.
WEEK 4:
Private key cryptography: Recent results on successful attacks on DES.
Operation modes of symmetric ciphers. IDEA and other alternatives to DES.
WEEK 5:
Public key cryptography: Introduction. Some Number Theory and Algebra.
WEEK 6:
Public key cryptography: RSA. Function and security. Recent results on
successful attacks on RSA.
WEEK 7:
Midterm exam.
WEEK 8:
Public key cryptography: The discrete logarithm problem. ElGamal crypto
system. Function and security. Security estimations.
WEEK 9:
Public key cryptography: Elliptic curve systems. Mathematical background,
function and security.
WEEK 10:
Digital Signatures: The ElGamal signature scheme. Message Authentication
Codes (MAC).
WEEK 11:
Hash functions: Principals. Block cipher based hash functions.
Protocols: Attacks against protocols, protocols for privacy,
authentication, and integrity.
WEEK 12:
Key distribution in networks: Private key approaches, certificates, and
authenticated key agreement.
WEEK 13:
Identification schemes: Challenge-and-response protocols. The Schnorr
identification scheme for smart cards.
WEEK 14:
Final exam.
Christof Paar                        Assistant Professor                  email:  christof
ECE Department                       phone:  (508) 831 5061
Worcester Polytechnic Institute      fax:    (508) 831 5491
100 Institute Road
Worcester, MA 01609, USA
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-12 08:36:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: I Never Meta-Certification... 
BY SAFEMAIL 1.0-----
e$: I Never Meta-Certification...
Verisign, NRC-CRISIS, Crypto vs. Encryption, "Half-Way" Measures,
Meta-Certification, Reputation Rental, FLAs, Groucho Marx, and a Proto-Call
for IFCA Founders.
August 11th, 1996
About a month ago, after the July DCSB meeting, I had a drink with Jon
Matonis, who's in charge of Financial Products for Verisign. We talked about
a lot of stuff, but, since he was buying, :-), we talked a lot about
certification authorities (CAs), specifically, financial certification
authorities. Verisign financial certification authorities, to be completely
I have to admit up front that until then, I didn't follow the CA world all
that much. I've been a Web-of-Trust guy, and I still think the world will go
to more geodesic trust models sooner or later. The only "certificates" I
care much about are the "digital bearer" kind. In a financial sense, I see
certificate authorities as a way to extend book-entry accounting to the
internet, and I'm more interested in edgier stuff: what I claim will be the
re-emergence of cash-settled bearer certificates in the financial markets,
this time in digital form, on public networks. CAs and link-level encryption
are just a way, as someone from MIT said to me at MacWorld this week, to
move the old private networks out onto the net, which, to my mind, are the
same thing to digital commerce that derigibles were to aviation. Yes, they
look like ships, which we know all about, and they *can* fly, but...
Anyway, it's clear we're moving from a world of insecure transactions on
private secure networks to one of secure transactions on insecure public
networks. CAs, SSL, and the whole enterprise of encrypting links between
accounting databases seem to be halfway measures to me. They're a way to
create, like our friend from MIT says, a temporary private secure network,
so you can send properly authorized, but still unsecure, book-entry down it.
For that "proper authorization", you need the biometric identity a CA
provides, so you can hunt down and jail miscreants who change the wrong book
entry. I've even made biometric-identity CA jokes about "X.BlaBla" and
"Numbers of the Beast", and all that.
Which reminds me of something Steve Kent said at the NRC CRISIS report
roadshow this week. He likes to make the distinction between cryptography
and encryption. That is, governments tolerate cryptographic signatures
because they can still read your mail, while they don't tolerate encryption,
because, well, they can't read your mail.
Frankly, I see that as a false dichotomy, and I think most crypto people do,
too, but, since the major selling point for cryptography to business is that
need to keep their book-entries clean, this gives governments a lot of
breathing room.  As long as most other businesses (call criminal enterprise
a business for the time being) can't read the encrypted link, businesses are
happy, and will accept watered-down *cryptography*, not just encryption. The
problem, of course, is that *governments* will have the ability to read
those messages, and even forge those signatures, and businesses aren't to
the point where they're sensitive about this.
Given the ubiquity of the invasiveness of modern industrial government in
the affairs of business, not only with respect to regulation, but also with
the ability to audit for taxes and other reasons, it may take a while for
business to wake up to their own need for privacy through strong
cryptography. But they will. Governments are made of people, of course, and
when it's possible to create enormous financial advantage for yourself by
reading financial transaction data, some of those people will do so, and,
given the ubiquity of networks, they'll be able to get away with it. When
you outlaw crypto, only outlaws have crypto, and all that. However, the
*business* knows they've been robbed, and, since government employees are
the only ones with the power to break the link and forge signatures, either
through computational horesepower or key escrow, who are going to be the,
heh, usual suspects? A bad place for a nation-state to be in, it seems to
me. Cleptocracy may work in *some* places, but in general they're bad for
Finally, there's a red herring in all of this, and that's the so-called
exemptions for "financial activity" from much proposed cryptography
controls. So, how do you know what's financial activity and what isn't if a
message is encrypted? This doesn't even take into account the fact that, if
bearer certificate technology takes off, from micropayments like Micromint
and Millicent, through ecash and on to digital bearer certificates for
foriegn exchange (a $3 trillion daily business), the sheer volume of
encryption on the net, of the strongest possible form, is going to explode.
Don't get me wrong, I like the CRISIS report, because they are, to use a
beloved scatalogical expression, inside the tent and er, pointing, out. But,
to beat a few more metaphors like dead horses :-), the CRISIS report is
trying to "decompress" government into a world where they can't really
wiretap anymore. To do that, they want to start the bar at, say, 56-bit DES
and 1048-bit RSA, and move it up as technology, er, improves. In this, they
remind me more of someone trying to shovel uphill against an avalanche. If
you can't sign a mortgage with a signature long enough to withstand 30 years
of Moore's law, or encrypt something you don't want others to read for that
long, then why do it at all?  A little bit of encryption is like being a
little bit pregnant --. OK, OK, I'll give the metaphors a break now... :-).
So, we're back in the hotel bar, and Jon was buying, and I'm listening.
(Besides, Jon's an original e$pam subscriber, and he's *still* one, so I had
*better* listen.) He has a point when he says that most of the stuff I'm
interested in is out *there* somewhere, and the way you make money is here
and *now*, where the "halfway measures" live. Jon says that as far as he's
is concerned, of all the different kinds of businesses you can use
certification authorities for, banks and financial institutions the low
hanging fruit, and he and his bunch are out there shaking the trees for all
they're worth. Go, Jon, go.
So, why *doesn't* Verisign rule the world of financial CAs already? After
all, they have the patents, "modulo" the debate on the legal strength and
longevity thereof. From the standpoint of mobilized resources, they're
literally the only game in town, and, even if they aren't, with a tip of the
black cryptographer's hat to Redmond, a lack of uniqueness hasn't kept other
first movers from software hegemony before, anyway.
Well, first of all, let's assume the market's already there for book-entry
transactions on the internet (like credit and debit cards, and counter-cash
like Mondex). Yeah, I know, "assume a frictionless surface". But, everyone
else around here does, so we'll fiat the issue for the time being. Last
Sunday's "Shoe" cartoon, about the wizard spending $300 in webware upgrades
while ostensibly learning to get rich doing web commerce, to the contrary.
Second, we can assume that banks need certification, for all the reasons I
outlined above: In order to move book-entries around the net, you need
*functionally* encrypted links (for the time being, what technology and
governments let us have) and the digital authority to change those
book-entries. Operationally, they may not need strict biometric identity
just to map a signature to an account full of money, but we'll deal with
that some other time.
Now, let's look at what I presume is Verisign's business strategy for
financial markets. They're trying to build a superheirarchy of all those
bank heirarchies, so that those banks can clear trades with each other, on
the net, without using a proprietary network to do it. This is, of course
admirable, if not necessary, if banks want to do internet commerce
efficiently with their customers. It will be necessary when electronic
checks come on line, say, next year, because even though ACH is out there on
the other side of those internet-ACH gateways, there might come a time where
banks will want to clear checks against each other directly. Having a CA's
CA, CA^2, if you will, will make that possible.
To make this happen, Verisign doesn't want you to be you unless Verisign
says you're you, to paraphrase the old underwear comercial, and that, I
believe, is the problem. Verisign is not paying attention to what it really
is: a software vendor. It is not a financial intermediary, which is what
this CA's CA would be, by definition.
A financial intermediary, especially one on the net, is in effect "renting"
its reputation to a trade until it clears. It is saying, first and foremost,
that the trade will be safe, effectively risk-free, or at least
risk-calculable, to both parties of the trade. What it does to control that
risk is almost immaterial as long as it works, but, in this case, it is to
use RSA as the technical means of identifying the parties of the trade, with
a link to a "biometric" identity of either party. If you can call it
"biometric" for a financial institution.  The financial institution then, of
course vouches for the contents of the particular account being offset, the
book-entries swap, and the trade is over.
Like flying an airliner, of course, this is the easy part. If the trade is
broken, what does Verisign do? Of course, it can refuse to do trades with
the offending party. It can even call the law. The former is much more
powerful, however, and, frankly, it's the only enforcement mechanism which
we'll be able to use someday anyway. Physical force costs a lot to use, even
if you can buy it wholesale, at the government rate.
Fortunately, this kind of "club", as Eric Hughes calls it, is the
predominant way of renting reputation in the financial community. Think of
NYSE, or NASD, or CBOT, or NIDS, or SIAC, or any other FLA. ;-). (Yes,
there's DTC, and CUSIP, and Other-Letter-Acronyms too.) They're pretty easy
to set up. Verisign itself is *not* how to do it, however. They would to
*sell* to this reputation-rental entity.
Every one of the above entities is an association
(not-necessarily-non-profit), or, more usually, a member-owned corporation.
So, with that in mind, internet financial institutions like banks could
create an association or member-owned corporation, which would "rent"
reputation and function as a financial intermediary between members.
Obviously we shouldn't restrict membership in this organization to just
depositories like banks, because non-depositories will be significantly
involved in internet commerce. See Phil Webre's CBO study on electronic
retail payments for more on that.
Here is one way that could be done. A bunch of banks -- and non-depository
financial intermediaries, like digital cash underwriters / trustees, payment
gateway companies, (someday maybe Millicent brokers and MicroMint issuers)

@_date: 1996-08-13 10:10:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Rumors of death of Anguilla Data are greatly exagerated. 
George Soros' Quantum Fund is an "NV" corporation, domiciled in the
Netherlands Antilles, for instance. We went over this about two years ago,
but the original  ;-) connotation of "e$" was eurodollar, or expatriate
dollars held outside the US banking system. For a decade or so, maybe
still, this was an excellent way to raise money for US corporations. Most
of the Fortune XX companies did this stuff, and probably still do, all to
avoid Uncle's sticky fingers.
While we may be talking about something else here entirely :-), remember
that tax avoidance is not necessarily tax evasion. And, of course,
jurisdiction shopping ("regulatory arbitrage") isn't necessarily breaking
the law.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-14 04:12:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hoax: A ban on cryptography? 
Yeah. What he said. I hope the cypherpunks list will accept my apologies.
There are firm rules about this to e$pam subscribers, and, while I haven't
had much occasion to enforce it lately, I might have to, which means
kicking the offenders off e$pam.
Strike one, Mr. Kennedy.
The rule is, if you're on a list with derivative content, particularly one
with as large a source-base as e$pam, do NOT reply directly to the source
list, in this case cypherpunks.
In the case of e$pam, there's a subsidiary discussion list, e$, which was
set up for this purpose. Use it. e$ has even gotten to the point where it's
generating its own traffic, now, which is nice.
To e$pam readers, if you want to talk on cypherpunks, or cyberia,
austrianecon, or any or the other 100 or so lists and newsgroups e$pam is
filtered from, sign on to the source list itself, read the traffic there
for a while, and *then* post something. In other words, become a *member*
of the list, and have some manners.
Again, I apologise for any inconvenience this may have caused to the
cypherpunks list.
BTW, I thought Tim's hoax was a good one, but, given that it hadn't shown
up anywhere else on the net, (and congress isn't in session :-)), it was
pretty easy to spot. It *did* give one pause, though.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-15 03:51:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: The Transnationality of Digital Cash 
BY SAFEMAIL 1.0-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                             Tatsuo Tanaka
                  Center on Japanese Economy & Business
                          Columbia University
                  "The Transnationality of Digital Cash"
                        Tuesday, September 3, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Tatsuo Tanaka is from the Center for Global Communications at the International
University of Japan. He is currently a Visiting Research Fellow at Columbia
University's Center on Japanese Economy & Business.
Government analysts like to stress the anonymity and security concerns of
digital cash, particularly money laundering and tax evasion.  However,
probably the most important economic consequence of digital cash to
nation-states is its transnationality.  Theoretically speaking, any bank
can issue digital cash any country's currency, even on a fractional reserve
basis, without permission from that nation-state's central bank, and
everybody in the world can use it as if that cash were issued by the
country itself. This unprecedented transnationality could make a country's
financial system unstable in terms of money supplies or exchange rates.
Tanaka goes through a possible scenario in which nation-states and
cyberspace conflict over the authority to issue digital cash, including a
possible resolution of the problem.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, September 3, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is $27.50.
This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The
Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men, and
"appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, August 31, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
 October     Philippe LeRoux      Stock Exchanges and the Web
 November    Philip S. Corwin     Regulatory Barriers to Internet Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you want
to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a
message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL 1.0-----
Version: 2.6.i
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-15 04:55:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: re: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption    Technology 
Wasn't it DeToqueville who said something like,
"Democracy is just, because a constituency of idiots will elect one?"
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-16 07:14:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Press Release: Apple's CyberDog Web Bowser 
Cyberdog doesn't suck. It licks.
Because it can.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-17 00:00:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NPR Science Friday for 8/16 
X-Sender: oldbear
This afternoon's program on "Science Friday" on National Public Radio, broadcast from Washington, DC at 1800hrs GMT (2PM EDT) is on the future of the internet.  I was unable to get a list of guests, but past programs would suggest that there likely will be some interesting individuals.  Host Ira Flatow is much more techno-savvy than the usual broadcast personality.
Here is the description from the npr.org web site:
  Show Date: 8/16/96
  Topic for Hour One: Internet Update
  Synopsis:  A War is waging over the future of the Internet.  Who   will control it, and what will it look and sound like as it reaches   maturity?  In this hour of Science Friday, find out who the players   are, and what you can expect to see, or not see, on your computer   screen in the years to come. Sorry for the short notice.  I just heard the teaser this morning.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-17 10:14:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Announcement: Mac-Crypto Conference Sept 5-6, 1996 
The Membership of the Mac-Crypto List invites you to
                               The
                           First-Ever-
                           Last-Minute-
                         Under-the-Radar-
                Ask-Forgiveness-but-Not-Permission
                           Macintosh
                Cryptography and Internet Commerce
                 Software Development Workshop
                      September 5 & 6, 1996
              Apple R&D Campus, Cupertino, CA, USA
            This is a free workshop, but we'd *really*
               like it if you register (see below).
SOME INVITED SPEAKERS
Martin Minow
Tim Dierks
Marshall Clow
Kay Guyer
Will Price
John Callas
Sari Harrison
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Bob Hettinga
Lucky Green
Kee Nethery
...and the inevitable mystery speakers...
(If you find your name on this list, and we haven't gotten ahold of you, you're
 invited to speak ;-).)
(Also, if you're not on this list and you should be,
 you're invited to speak too!)
WORKSHOP TOPICS:
Introductions and overviews:
   Introduction to crypto technology, what is it who are the players.
   Introduction to electronic commerce and finacial cryptography
   How to use electronic commerce technology today
   Opportunities for the Mac
Tech stuff:
   How to write internet software on the Mac
   Random number / password generation on the Mac (the key to strong crypto)
   Password management and the Mac
   Intenet Config - the next generation,  working group
   Secure networking
Open Sessions:
   We scheduled lots of time for developer demos and open discussions.
     ...and plenty of time for developers to network with Apple.
We have also left time open for last-minute speakers.  If you would like to
present a paper or give a talk, please contact Vinnie Moscaritolo at
For more details and registration:
The workshop is free. Please register now, though.
Local Hotels:
Cupertino Inn, 800-222-4828
        Pretty much Across the Street.
Cupertino Courtyard by Marriot, 800-321-2211
        5 Minute Drive
Inn at Saratoga
        408-867-5020
        About 3 Miles
See you in Cupertino on September 5th and 6th!
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple Developer Tech Support
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-18 03:10:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Protecting floating datahavens? 
Along these lines, there was some comment in the latest Forbes billionaire list issue about a guy who's trying to do something like this in the Phillipenes. I don't think he's going the "total local autonomy" route, but he's definitely doing the Jack Kemp "enterprize" zone, no-tax-on-anything trick. However, as Black Unicorn has noted here before, the Phillipenes are the only other country besides the USofA where citizens are taxed any income you get, no matter where on earth you actually earn it. (An outcome of the Marcos expulsion, I think). Getting from those kinds of confiscatory laws to no taxes at all will be some mean trick. Given that the Phillipenes, "People Power" or no, could be charitably be called a plutocracy at best, and a cleptocracy at worst, I wish this guy luck. Him being a plutocrat himself may help. Not that I have anything against plutocrats, mind you. Want to be one myself, someday. Well, "pluto", anyway. I guess it's the "cracy" part of "plutocracy" that gets my undies in a bunch...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-21 13:58:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: CIA Contra Crack and LA Gangs (fwd) 
Which reminds me of a story. First, however, a joke, which in hindsight taught me about the propagation of information across geodesic networks, that is, capital market trading rooms, long before I had ever heard of either Peter Huber or geodesic networks. To wit, Q: What did Donna Rice say to the press when they caught her leaving Gary Hart's house?  A: She said she was taking a poll. <"Pole", get it? Hyuk!>
The reason I remember this paragon of modern political humor is that I heard it no more the 30 minutes after the story broke on the AP wire machine in the Morgan Stanley branch where I was clerking at the time. I heard the joke from trading assistant, who in turn had heard it over the "hoot & holler" line which wired Morgan's various trading desks together with a bunch of permanently open-miked full-duplex speakerphones. The joke originated somewhere else, and was probably told to someone at Morgan's New York office over a direct "ring-down" line linking one company's trading desk to another.
I thought at the time that someone should do a study of the velocity of information flow in the markets, using jokes as information proxies. I've since outgrown such foolishness, though I keep expecting to hear about someone's Ph.D thesis on the topic someday. :-). But, of course, that's not the story I *wanted* to tell. *This* one, of course, has absolutely no crypto relevance whatever...
All these conspiracy theories about Donna Rice and George Bush got me to remember something. Brian Smith, who shot that famous Pulitzer-winning(!) picture of Gary Hart with Ms. Rice seated on his lap and the "Monkey Business" lifering in the background, was a friend of mine at Missouri. Clever boy, Brian was. When he graduated from the Missouri School of Journalism (Missouri's most famous, er, "professional" school [God help us all], with alums like Carl Rowan, and Dan Rather, and John Chancellor, etc.), he managed to produce, out from under his graduation robes, his entire motor-driven Nikon SLR outfit, complete with strobe apparatus, and took a series of pictures of himself graduating, right down to the handshake from Van Gorton Sauter, the President of CBS News. I always wondered what that masonic pyramid, with the eyeball on top, was doing tattooed on Brian's forehead. Now I know. Beware the Illuminati.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-21 22:06:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re:Edited Edupage, 18 Aug 1996 
Well, maybe not yet.
An overnight backup copy of a $10 million foreign exchange banknote might.
$2 trillion in FX trxes a day, folks...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-22 01:18:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The grey lady puts on some boots and rides a horseman or two... 
I'm listening to the BBC's World Service at the moment, and they're doing a
feature on pedophiles on the internet, complete with much knashing of teeth
about encryption and anonymity, along with some lurid stuff about private
holding cells, and sexual tourism, and slavery. And Lions. And Tigers. And
Bears. Oh My.
They even had a quote from someone at Wired (a Brit, didn't catch the
name), who sounded like he was wringing his hands about unbreakable
encryption. Probably spliced out of a larger quote which had more sense in
Be afraid, be very afraid. They're coming for your daughters. The BBC says so.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-22 12:07:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Canada Imprisons People For Human Rights Activity 
Depends on what you call "active".
Say, five? ten? years ago, the Alaska Independence Party (all of about 12
people at the time) got hijacked by Wally Hickell in his second run for the
Alaska Governor's office. He had to do it that way, because he had pissed
off the Republican party regulars. And it worked. The hijacking, I mean. He
actually got elected. For his one (1) remaining legal term.  (Remember
Wally? Hotel Owner. Former Alaska Governor in the late 1960's. He was
Nixon's Interior Secretary. For a while, anyway. A few bricks shy of a
load, Wally was, and that's from someone who actually met him.)
The liberal jokesters called AIP "Rent-A-Party" after that. Their founder
and patron saint, Joe Vogler, died under mysterious circumstances a couple
of years ago. Turns out he was murdered by a follower. (Other people say it
was Donna Rice operating under orders from George Bush. ;-).) Joe was a
quite few bricks shy, himself.
However, I expect my old man probably would have flown up from retirement
in New Mexico to old Joe's funeral, if Pop was alive to do it, of course.
Alaska attracts people like Joe and Wally and my old man. (No stranger to
bricklessness, himself, Pop was a founder of the El Paso John Birch Society
chapter. He dragged us all up to Anchorage on a whim to build a whole bunch
of 12-plexes after I finished 6th grade. Just before the pipline started.
Then retired on it all. OK, scratch the "bricklessness" bit...)
Old Joe used to tool around on his homestead in an old bulldozer, randomly
plowing under the spruce trees and filling in the muskeg "wetlands", just
to have fun with the press and give the tree-huggers apoplexy. Wanted to
create some kind of libertarian utopia up in in Alaska, where if you wanted
to exterminate all the biomass on your property one sunny summer afternoon,
you were welcome to, as long as you had clear title.
My kind of guy. :-).
AIP got all of 2% in the last election, I think.
Sic Transit Gloria Mundi.
So, they were "active" (past tense) and I guess you could say something
"happened" to them, too...
Bob Hettinga
(Just some more pipline trash...)
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-22 22:52:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
... Which he did with a clear conscience.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-24 14:54:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Money Conference 
How to Register . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . . Speakers' Photos
          Toward Electronic Money & Banking: The Role of Government
   A Conference Sponsored by the United States Department of the Treasury
   A Conference Sponsored by the United States Department of the Treasury
   A Conference Sponsored by the United States Department of the Treasury
                                                                     [Image]
[Image]                   Sheraton Washington Hotel
                               Washington, DC
                            September 19-20, 1996
                        Thursday, September 19, 1996

@_date: 1996-08-28 14:15:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (flatulence): Reply-to loops 
We don't do it because of reply-to loops.
Only idiots, or charitably, those with very low traffic, run their mail lists any other way.
Accidentally sending private e-mail to the list is bad enough without bringing the listserver to its knees...
Bob Hettinga
([probationary] former idiot)
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-08-29 08:39:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Reg E changes 
If you have not already done so, please submit a public comment re: the
proposed Reg E changes [Docket No. R-0919]. The deadline is September 7th.
You may want to announce this to other fans of bearer certs. Thanks to my friends at the Fed, I am in possession of comments already
submitted. The opposition is trying to get the Fed to not make the proposed
account/non-account based distinction when deciding what is covered under
Reg E, but instead use a $ cap. The logic is that there is an account
anyway, be it on the card (such as the record of the total on a prepaid card
that is used for paying subway fares) or be it at the bank.
We need to make sure that the supporters of non-book entry systems make
their voices heard.
When writing the comment, please include a request to do away with the hard
copy signature requirements for opening accounts. If the Fed gets enough
requests, they will include it in the next round of proposals.

@_date: 1996-09-02 23:30:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The AI-who??? 
An admittedly leftist interpretation of recent Alaskan electorial events, for those fans of the Alaskan Independance Party...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Path: news-central.tiac.net!news-in.tiac.net!uunet!in3.uu.net!brighton.openmarket.com!decwrl!news.alaska.edu!aurora.alaska.edu!sxaeg
Newsgroups: alt.culture.alaska
Lines: 35
NNTP-Posting-Host: aurora.alaska.edu
X-Newsreader: TIN [version 1.2 PL2]
X-Newsreader: Yet Another NewsWatcher 2.1.2
  Okay, okay...I know everyone has been sitting on the edge of their privy seats wondering how the Rent-A-Party (aka "The Sub-Arctic Titanic of Politics") fared in the recent primaries here in the Interior, so here   Now, keep something in mind as you read these results:  the Interior is the heart of the Rent-A-Party.  Der Fuhrer Vogel "graced" us with his presence and as the infirmities of advancing age took their toll, he devised the party back in the mid-70's here in the Interior.  So...you should think the bastion, the stronghold, Yea, Brethren and Sistren!, the very for-r-r-r-rtress of AIP-ity would be...the INTERIOR!
  Amen!
  The AIP fielded 1 candidate here on the Fairbanks ballots:  Paul Chizmar.    He finished last.
  Indeed, surpassing even the last performance of the party when they dropped from their 1990 high of 39% of the vote to their 1994 basement 13% of the vote, we now see them seeking subterranean levels as their sole candidate on the entire ballot received *barely* 11% of the vote!
  Right here!  In the Interior!  Just about 15 miles from Lynette and Dexter Clarke, the penultimate-Grand Poobahs of Das Partie!
  Tsk....
  I tell ya, folks...I love to watch "Rocky and Bullwinkle", "Monty Python", "The 3 Stooges", the "Little Rascals", etc.  But when the AIP finally dwindles/splinters/transmogrifies into its final bit of light and then that little glimmer goes out....I will have lost one of my greatest sources of amusement Alaska has ever offered me.
  Sigh....
 .....Art, who will just have to watch more 3 Stooges and see if he can tell which one is Joe...
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-08 01:46:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Metcalf and Other Net.Fogies 
I think it was one of Clarke's numerous laws:
"If an old scientist says it can't be done and a young scientist says it
can, believe the young scientist."
I think the contrapositive also holds...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-10 10:06:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hettinga Plays Horseman, Gets the Last Word... 
It seems the former Office of Technology Assessment, now called the
Institute for Technology Assessment (Go, Newt!), had a need for a horseman
on their law-enforcement panel tomorrow.
Anyone know where I can get a riding crop? :-).
I'm scheduled, anyway. I'm in Cupertino at the moment (the Mac-Crypto
conference was, er, insanely great; more on that later), and I haven't
received the plane tickets yet (Bob Hettinga: You Buy, I Fly), though
they're supposed to show up today. We'll see when I get home tonight.
Oh. Any former Pac-Man addicts remember the name of the ghosts?
I think there were four, right?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-12 08:59:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mac Crypto Conf - Debrief 
Yow! - We did it....
On Sept 5th & 6th, here on the Cupertino R&D Campus, Robert Hettinga from
Shipwright and I ran "The First-Ever-Last-Minute-Under-the-Radar-
Ask-Forgiveness-but-Not-Permission Macintosh Cryptography and Internet
Commerce Software Development Workshop"
This workshop was driven by the copious feedback that I have recieved from
developers from both DTS and personal emails, WWDC and MacHack and the
Mac-Crypto mailing list.
Since the  ability to perform Internet Commerce depends heavly on both
networking and cryptographic technologies. I started the Mac-Crypto mailing
list last March to discuss the implementation of cryptography on the MacOS.
We had three major goals for this event:
1) We wanted to provide a vehicle to educate Apple developers and employees
who are responsible for Apple's future on the internet about what is going
on in the Internet commerce world. We also felt the need to get Internet
commerce on Apple's radar. It was clearly on Microsoft's agenda. Developer
feedback made it  loud and clear that we are losing and have lost
developers to other platforms because of it. We are going to fix that.
2) To assist in bridging any disconnect between what the developers have
been asking us for and what we are giving them in the internet commerce
3) To provide a forum where developers can work together to create internet
commerce products for the Macintosh platform. In a manner similar to
Quinn's Internet Config, we belived that a lot of this infrastructure can
be built by the developers themselves.
I posted an invite webpage at
 and advertised on several
mailing lists, within 10 days I had 84 registrations, about 70 of which
showed. Some attendees actually traveled from as far as Scotland.
The sessions (in no particular order):
* Phil Zimmerman / PGP Inc     - Keynote.
* Bill Frantz / Periwinkle     - Introduction to Cryptography
* Maxine Curry / Apple         - Crypto Software and the Commerce Dept.
* Jon Callas / Apple           - Random Numbers on the Mac
* Pablo Calamera / Apple       - Feedback: Mac Crypto API?:
* Sari Harrison / Apple        - Feedback: Internet API?
* Vinnie Moscaritolo / Apple   - Building Fast Network Server Software on MacOS
* Quinn / Apple                - Internet Config as a Development Model
* Vinnie Moscaritolo / Apple   - Proposal for bringing back the Mac Keychain
* Jay Van Vark / Pacific Coast - How to use electronic commerce
* Michel Ranger / Entrust      - Certificate and  Trust Management
* Marc Briceno/Digicash        - Digital Cash and Digital Bearer Certificates
* Robert Hettinga / Shipwright - A look over the edge
* Dave Del Torto               - Cypherpunks, MCIP and Mac-Crypto:
  Marshall Clow                   a history of crypto activism and the Mac
  Greg Broiles
The sessions were a real sucess. There was a lot of enthusiasm from the
developers. The speakers were great. I received comments that the
developers found the workshop was very accessible; there was a lot of
interaction between the audience and speakers. We allocated plenty of time
for Q&A and discussions. They wished that WWDC was more like this.
Some of the highlights were:
- Phil Zimmerman of PGP fame talked about his plans to build a commercial
version of PGP,PGPPhone and CryptDisk on the Mac. And a Mac PGP library
that developers can use in their products.
- Jon Callas's session generated much excitement. Developers appreciated
that his work will be available in source code.
- Quinn's session described the hurdles he encountered in shipping Internet
Config, one of the most successful pieces of mac software. I would consider
this talk a must-watch for any evangelist or product mgr, there is a lot
Apple can learn from him.
- Sari and Pablo seemed to restored some faith to developers that Apple
does listen to their concerns. I got a lot of positive feedback about their
willingness to listen to developers.
- I gave a talk about what is involved in designing fast network servers
with OpenTransport. I wanted to remove any misconception that MacOS is not
a good server platform. I outlined the workarounds to some of the problems
that existing products have encounted. Thanks to the feedback I received I
plan to give this talk again to Apple engineers.
- Marc from DigiCash was very knowledgeable about uses for digital cash.
One that I was surprised by was to drastically lower bookkeeping costs from
internal corporate budget management.  Here is an place where Apple could
- Robert Hettinga gave a great lecture on the future of commerce and money
on the net. It's impossible to talk to him for 10 minutes and not learn
something. He is a "natural born evangelist"  and would be a great asset to
- Sidhu voluteered to lead an effort to resurect a developers accessable
keychain that can be used  as a single log-in point to secure services.
- There were even a few impromptu sessions from the developers. I wished
that more Apple folks could have been there to absorb some of the developer
Luckily Bob and I also worked the video room in between giving our sessions
and introductions  and were able to tape most of the  sessions.  I am
working on making them available. I will also try to make the slides
available on a more permanent webpage in a few days. (I'll post on Mac
I want very much to thank the individuals that made this workshop possible.
* Robert Hettinga from Shipwright - For his personal time and cost to fly
out from Boston, mustering up the developers on the net, assembling the
talks, giving the talks, educating us all,  doing video booth duty, and
everything else. Imagine what we could do with an army of folks like you.
(scares me)
* Jose Carreon - For understanding the importance and internet commerce to
Apple's future and arranging what was needed to make this event happen.
* Beth Reed /  Yolanda Saldana / Robin Wagner / Richard Ford -  For all the
help organizing coordinating and firefighting behind the scenes (and
holding the bail money).  We wouldn't have been able to do it without you.
* Cynthia Zwerling - for the fantastic artwork, web design, T-Shirts, and
for dealing with all our last minute notices.
* And a personal thanks to all the speakers, for taking the time off their
busy schedules to give great presentations.
* And most of all, a big thank you to the developers for believing in Apple.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple Developer Tech Support
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-13 07:04:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: J'accuse!: Whitehouse and NSA vs. Panix and VTW 
I think someone should just stand right up and accuse the NSA, at the
behest of the Whitehouse, of running a denial of service attack on Panix at
*exactly* the time when VTW is lobbying its hardest on the PRO-CODE bill.
Ooops. I just did....
None *dare* call it conspiracy,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-13 07:22:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Sen. Burns' statement on postponement of Crypto vote today. 
--- begin forwarded text
My sources indicate that no markup will be
held on the Burns bill before Congress adjourns for year. Not clear the votes
were there, plus the Administration had Dems lined up to offer weakening
amendments. Also, the hearing scheduled yesterday in House Judiciary for its
counterpart bill was postponed until Sept. 25; that is 3 days prior to
adjournment target, and I wouldn't be surprised if  it never takes place.
In other words, most likely prospect is for no action -- not even favorable
reporting by a Cmte. -- before Congress goes home. Administration in next two
weeks will unveil its "new and improved" encryption policy, which will likely
offer a shift in licensing to Commerce Dept., and gradual easing of
exportable strength, in exchange for industry-funded key escrow management
demo projects.
And that's the way it is (Political reality is not optional).
You can pass this info. along, as long as you do not attribute it to me.
--- end forwarded text
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-15 02:21:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ISC Meeting Agenda 
MEETING NOTICE
                       Please correspond with:
                                Michael S. Baum, Esq.
                                33 Tremont Street
                                Cambridge, MA  02139-1227  USA
                                V: +1 617.661.1234
                                F: +1 617.661.0716
                                E: michael
Dear Committee Member:
You are cordially invited to participate in a meeting of the Information
Security Committee, Section of Science & Technology, American Bar
Association, on Friday/Saturday, October 18-19, 1996, in Boston.  The
Committee will advance its development of commercial key escrow guidelines
as well as consider digital signature legislative initiatives in the
several States and other jurisdictions, and continue its consideration of
digital signature evidence and liability.
Consistent with Section policy, ISC meeting participants MUST be members
of both the ABA and the ABA Section of Science and Technology.  Please
contact Ann Kowalsky, Manager Section of Science & Technology, at ABA
offices in Chicago by phone: +1 312.988.5599, fax: +1 312.988.5628, or
email: sciencetech for membership information. It is possible
to become a paid member of the ABA and the ISC at the meeting.
Dan Greenwood, ISC member, has kindly agreed to host the meeting at the
Information Technology Division of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.  Dan
can be reached at 617.973.0071 or DGreenwood for directions &
logistical information.
Meeting details appear below. I look forward to seeing you in Boston.
Michael S. Baum
Chair, Information Security Committee
Section of Science & Technology, ABA
                        ---
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-17 14:24:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Report on security of e-money by BIS 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: lvhove (Leo Van Hove)
Precedence: Bulk
Found the following on the FRB of New York site at
SECURITY MEASURES FOR ELECTRONIC MONEY ARE
              EFFECTIVE, G-10 TASK FORCE REPORTS
NEW YORK -- Existing security measures to protect electronic money
products, when
implemented correctly, can provide consumers and issuers adequate
protection from fraud, according to a report by G-10 central bank computer
and security experts.
The report, issued through the Bank for International Settlements, was
prepared by
*** This report will be available in its entirely on this site in the near
Leo Van Hove
Centre for Financial Economics
Vrije Universiteit Brussel (Free University of Brussels)
Pleinlaan 2
B-1050 Brussels
vox: +32 2 629.21.25
fax: +32 2 629.22.82
home page: --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-18 08:18:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Putting a Stock Exchange on the Net 
BY SAFEMAIL-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                            Philippe Le Roux
                         Associe de V(DL)2 Inc.
                  "Putting a Stock Exchange on the Net"
                        Tuesday, October 1, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Philippe would like to talk about putting the Montreal Stock Exchange on
the Web - building the Net strategy, the implementation, the management
tools, and the impacts on the organization. If we can get a connection
and digital projector, he'll demo the project.
Philippe Le Roux has worked for more than 15 years implementing new
technologies and analizing their socio-economic impact. Extensively
involved in the launching of Minitel in France and then Alex in Quebec,
he has worked with many groups involved with the Internet and On-Line
Services. For more than 10 years he's been giving conferences on
telematique and information highways in Europe, North and South America.
He is the North American correspondent for Planete Internet (France) and
regularly publishes articles in France, Quebec and the U.S. He is
co-author with Carol Baroudi and John Levine of Internet Secrets (IDG
Books 1995), and, under the direction of Pierre Musso and Jean Zeitoun,
the book Le Metafort D'Aubervillers (Editions Charles Le Bouil (France)
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, October 1, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, September 28, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
 November  Philip S. Corwin  Regulatory Barriers to Internet Commerce
 December  "Black Unicorn"   Money Laundering: The Headless Horseman
                               of the Infocalypse
 January    TBA              1996 in Review / Predictions for 1997
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you
want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
Version: 1.0, engine e19
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-20 10:29:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: It seems a million dollars in cash is illegal... 
...in India, anyway.
Yes. I know. He probably didn't *earn* it. Well, not *that* way, anyway...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: Nobody Welcome to Politics This Week (September 13th - September 19th)
A weekly summary of the world's main events from The Economist
Also available at Indian police arrested Sukh Ram, a former communications minister, a month
after police found over $1m in cash hidden in his house. Mr Ram was arrested
on his return from abroad.
Information about this newsletter
This is a free newsletter published by The Economist newspaper.
To find out where best to direct queries to The Economist, do not
reply to this message. Send a blank e-mail message to help
If you are having problems receiving this list, send an e-mail to
To cancel your subscription, send an e-mail with the message
"leave economist-politics" to newscaster
Alternatively, you can cancel your subscription (or re-subscribe at
any time) by visiting Copyright The Economist Newspaper Limited
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-20 10:04:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Clickshare launches Internet's first multi-site micropaymentsservice 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: micropay
Here are the first paragraphs of a press release, the rest of which can be
found at:
Clickshare launches Internet's first multi-site micropayments service
"Internet Information Utility" delivers commerce a la carte
        WILLIAMSTOWN, Mass., Sept. 16  --  Clickshare Corporation's
pioneering multi-site, single-ID, Internet micropayment system went live on
Friday as users began clicking on -- and paying for -- information online.
Purchases from Friday to Sunday by over a dozen first registrants totaled
        "We're the web's first working multi-site distributed
user-management and micropayment service," said Bill Densmore, Clickshare's
chairman. "Now publishers can charge for valuable information on the
Internet, rather than giving it away."
       "Now that 'The Internet's Information Utility' (sm)  is up and
running," said Felix Kramer, Clickshare marketing director, "we'll finally
see whether people will buy information by the click."

@_date: 1996-09-21 11:05:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "This way to the egress" 
P.T. Barnum also said something about suckers, too...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:08:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Bank for International Settlement's Security of Digital CashReport now on the web... 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
Thanks to all the help I got last week, I have located the
BIS report on Smart Card Security.  I have C&P'd and squeezed
it into HTML format.  There are still many errors in it, notably
many double words that C&P contributed, and I haven't touched the
Annexes (messy footnotes, no graphics or headings).  However, for
those desparate to get their hands on it, go to our page:
and type (anti-bot protocol format):
at the end of the URL.  The real (no errors :-) document is located at:
but only the forward, exec summary and intro are there at the
moment.  When they are all there, I will drop my version.  I
am not really that keen on repairing the errors in my version,
as I gather that BIS will make the original available some day.
But last I looked, they didn't have an email address, so who can say?
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-24 06:53:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: BAA, BAA, SAY THE SHEEPLE 
COLORADO SENATOR CHARLES DUKE ON THE LOSS OF LIBERTY
         By Senator Charles R. Duke, September 16, 1996
              Colorado District 9,  (719) 481-9289
BAA, BAA, SAY THE SHEEPLE
     Who would have thought America would be where it  is  today?
Earlier  in  the  week,  news  stories appeared announcing that a
proposal to do background checks on regular passengers came  from
a commission studying terrorism.
     This,  of  course,  would  do  absolutely  nothing  to  stop
terrorism.  Any decent terrorist knows enough to not travel under
a real name.  In any case, most airline terrorist incidents  will
likely be caused by someone who doesn't fly on the same plane for
which the incident is planned.
     Since these ideas are patently obvious to  the  most  casual
observers,  what,  then,  is  the purpose of this tyranny?  Is it
simply to get the American sheeple so  accustomed  to  government
spying that we don't mind?
     To do this would require some sort of identification  number
and  what  better  number to use than the Social Security number?
Having the SSN flying around all these databases would also allow
those who have access to such numbers to examine our bank records
and credit history, along with many other records.
     Oh, nuts, I say.  This proposal is just too depressing.   So
I  pick  up  the Wall Street Journal for Friday the Thirteenth of
September.  Might as well read a little financial news to get  in
a  better  mood.  I mean, our economy is really doing okay, or at
least so the government would have us believe.
     I never got to the stock tables.  There, on the front  page,
is  a  story  from  San  Mateo,  California,  where  den mothers,
coaches, and other volunteers who work with children will now  be
subjected to fingerprinting and background checks.  The idea, you
see, is to keep our children safe from child abuse.   Don't  look
now, Toto, but this doesn't feel like Kansas, anymore.
     This will be totally ineffective at curbing child abuse, but
you  probably  already  knew  that.   This writer knows something
about child abuse and can assure everyone that  the  overwhelming
majority  of  child  molesters  become  neither  den  mothers nor
     We have a Fourth Amendment to  our  U.S.  Constitution  that
flatly   prohibits  these  unreasonable  searches  and  seizures.
Specifically, the Amendment states, "The right of the  people  to
be  secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against
unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no
Warrants  shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by Oath
or affirmation, and  particularly  describing  the  place  to  be
searched and the persons or things to be seized."
     It means that our private effects and our private lives  are
none of any civil authority's business, unless they have probable
cause, and  can  obtain  a  warrant,  sworn  to  by  an  oath  or
affirmation  before  a  judge.   The only way any nosy government
gets away with this open and flagrant violation of constitutional
rights is if the sheeple allow it.
     Where is the hue and cry from everyone about these measures?
Have  we  become  so  conditioned  to  prying  eyes  that we have
forgotten what privacy is about?   Why  are  you,  who  have  the
courage  to  read  this column, just standing idly by and letting
our God-given rights be stripped from us on a daily basis?  Where
are the letters to the editor and civil demonstrations about this
blatant tyranny?
     Our forefathers paid for these rights with their  lives  and
their  blood.   They  must  be  churning in their graves with the
lackadaisical attitude we have today about our Constitution. They
fought  a  War  for Independence because King George was allowing
warrantless searches and incarcerations.  It  was  considered  by
our  Founding  Fathers  to  be a sacrilegious violation of rights
granted to us by our Creator and not subject to the rule of Man.
     Somehow, in 1996, we have been lulled into  complacency  and
apathy   by  a  government  totally  dedicated  to  the  absolute
subjugation of our free will.  Most of us have never really  been
free.   We  have  been  enslaved so long it is not clear we would
know how to behave if by some process we  had  our  real  freedom
     It is possible the American people actually deserve what  is
about  to  happen to us.  We deserve it because of our collective
inaction, our collective morals, our collective  set  of  values,
and our collective embrace of a failed political process.
     There are many examples in history where  societies  created
and  led  by  moral and just people have lasted for long periods.
Almost without exception, the collapse of  these  societies  were
preceded  by  a  loss of character in the people governed.  Where
would you put America today?
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-25 09:43:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ISPs' information on users 
X-Sender: rodney
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Rodney Thayer Something to think about before any of us start selling Ketchup on-line via
--- from Rodney Thayer  +1 617 332 7292 ---
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-25 09:17:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Barlow/Taylor censorship debate 
I *really* wish people would use his *whole* name, so we don't confuse him
with the other Bruce Taylors on the net.
His whole name is: Bruce "Penis With a Blister On It" Taylor.
Since that's the phrase he kept repeating over and over at CFP96, it *must*
be his middle name...
I'll save the joke about lawyers and neckties for another occasion. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-25 13:53:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The Netsurfer of Penzance 
Priority: normal
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Organization: UCLA School of Law
------- Forwarded Message Follows -------
The Newbie's Song (Based on the Major General's song from
"The Pirates of Penzance", Gilbert & Sullivan).
I am the very model of a Usenet individual,
I've information meaningless and ultimately trivial,
I know the basic elements of alien biology,
And all the hidden secrets of the Church of Scientology,
I've seen "The Wrath of Khan" and every Star Trek film that followed it,
I moan about my Servicecard and how the cash till swallowed it,
About the laws on handguns I am sending off a counterblast,
With many cheerful facts about the way you can MAKE MONEY FAST!
ALL:       With many cheerful etc.
I'll tell you why the Japanese are taking over Panama,
And why the USA is still a better place than Canada,
In short, in matters meaningless and ultimately trivial,
I am the very model of a Usenet individual.
ALL:      In short, in matters meaningless and ultimately trivial,
          He is the very model of a Usenet individual.
I post in alt.revisionism lies about the Holocaust,
I cut my .sig to twenty lines, I didn't want to, I was forced,
I really can't believe the "Good Times" virus to be mythical,
And Clinton's raising taxes which is, frankly, bloody typical,
I've upset several people on alt.flame, I really don't know how,
And sent a thousand business cards to Mr. and Mrs. Shergold now,
I have a very poor grip of political geography,
And absolutely no involvement (yet!) in child pornography,
ALL:      And absolutely no, etc.
I've paid two-fifty dollars for the Nieman-Marcus recipe,
And told the Spanish tourist's tale about the toothbrush pessary,
In short, in matters meaningless and ultimately trivial,
I am the very model of a Usenet individual.
ALL:      In short, in matters meaningless and ultimately trivial,
          He is the very model of a Usenet individual.
In fact, when I know what is meant by "binary" and "FTP",
When I know how to decode porno JPEGs from a .uue,
When I can handle HTML, Telnet, mail and IRC,
And when I know the words initialized to form "http",
When I have learnt what topics are acceptable in talk.bizarre,
When I know more of Usenet than the tailpipe of a motor-car,
In short, when I've a smattering of elementary netiquette,
You'll say a better individual has never surfed the Net.
ALL:      You'll say a better individual, etc.
For my technical experience, although I claim to know it all
Could barely serve to run the installation disk from AOL;
But still, in matters meaningless and ultimately trivial,
I am the very model of a Usenet individual.
ALL:      But still, in matters meaningless and ultimately trivial,
          He is the very model of a Usenet individual.
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-27 00:29:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: 45K fine  for possession 
X-Sender: vinnie (Unverified)
Singapore fines first resident for Internet obscenity
Copyright (c) 1996 Nando.net
Copyright (c) 1996 The Associated Press
SINGAPORE (Sep 25, 1996 08:48 a.m. EDT) -- A Singapore resident has been
fined for downloading obscene pictures from the Internet, the first such
case since the government announced it will censor what people can see on
the global computer network.
Lai Chee Chuen, 41, pleaded guilty Monday to charges of collecting of
pornographic pictures from the Internet and of possessing Penthouse, a
magazine banned in Singapore, the Straits Times newspaper reported today.
It said Lai was fined $43,900.
In July, the government announced rules for censoring the Internet. By a
Sept. 15 deadline, the three local Internet providers installed powerful
computers blanking out some of the sites that showed prohibited pornography
or anti-government material.
Police seized the pictures from Lai's home in July 1995. Laws covering
computer pornography have yet to be drawn up, so the government prosecuted
Lai under a general law against possession of obscene visual images.
Lai's conviction served to demonstrate that the government's Internet
regulations are no idle threat. The Times, a pro-government newspaper,
published Lai's picture on the front page to emphasize the point.
Neither Lai nor police were available for comment.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-27 02:46:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Newsgroup proposal: misc.anonymous 
I do know that there was an alt.anonymous.messages, or some such. Haven't
looked at it lately, but I don't remember too much traffic on it...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-27 05:28:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Call for Papers: The Economics of Digital Information and              Intellectual Property 
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Organization: Representing Myself
John F. Kennedy School of Government
Center for Science and International Affairs
Center for Business and Government
Harvard Law School
Institute for Information Technology Law and Policy
Harvard University Library
Council on Library Resources
Coalition for Networked Information
The Economics of Digital Information and Intellectual Property
Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA
January 23-25, 1997
 First Announcement and Call for Papers
Harvard University is hosting this symposium to broaden and deepen
understanding of emerging economic and business models for
global publishing and information access and the attendant
transformation of international information markets, institutions, and
businesses. The goal is to provide managers in public, private, and
nonprofit sectors with a practical framework for developing
program strategies and assessing the efficiency and competitiveness of
new information markets and institutions. It will address
questions such as:
--What will be the principal pricing models for information in an
advanced global Internet?

@_date: 1996-09-27 08:42:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Kid gets suspended for bomb info 
I'm sitting here, listening to National People's Radio, and they have this
bit about a local kid who showed up in school today with 40 pages of bomb
making info, "gotten off of the internet". He was "caught" when he showed
his haul to his buddies.
Much gnashing of teeth and flying of fur ensued, and the kid was sent home.
More fun with numbers.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-28 01:35:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Public Schools 
I forwarded this to someone, who said:
--- begin forwarded text
I'm not sure I want to get my name on this particular set of info,
but the story on IQ and SAT scores is, to a certain extent, spelled out
in "The Bell Curve."
The simple, short version is for IQ where the distribution is nearly normal
with a mean of 100 and a standard deviation of 15.
(Recall that, in a normal distribution, two standard deviations above the
mean (2-sigma) is achieved by only 1-2%, and 3-sigma, by a factor of 10
There used to be a simple (public) answer for the SAT: mean of 500 and
standard deviation of 100.  So 500  = 100 and 800 = 145? Well, maybe.
The answer for SAT (verbal) scores (1961 data only, sorry) is neither short
nor simple.  The distribution is decidely non-normal.  The peak is at
280-ish, and the high side looks kind of like a normal distribution.  If it
were, the standard deviation would be 170 or so.
Because of this, the average is 475-ish.  Oh, well.
Thus, maybe, an SAT of 800 = an IQ of 145.  But 475 = 100? Or is it 280 =
And of course, the populations aren't even close to the same.  Only those who
might go to college take the SAT.  And in 1961 that was even more so.
Maybe that's why they call them social scientists.
--- end forwarded text
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-28 01:45:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Newsgroup proposal: misc.anonymous 
It seems that if newsgroup RFC and the whole rigamarole of newsgroup voting
was set up, there would be enough people -- on this list alone, probably --
who would be interested enough in the idea to at least vote (publically)
for it. I certainly would, just to see what happens.
Of course, that means that someone *else* ;-) has to actually put the train
on the track, much less lay the rails, which, as usual, is the main problem
here. If we had some ham, we could have some ham and eggs, if we had some
eggs. If you  lived here, you'd be home now. And so forth.
Same as it ever was.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-09-28 02:03:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: In defense, sort of, of Phill Hallam-Baker 
Let me first say that I have my Mac Eudora filters set so that if any
message contains Phill's e-mail address and cypherpunks it goes straight to
the trash.
Sorry, Phill, but most of what you say here only raises my blood pressure,
so I'd rather not read it, or any of the justifiable but predictable
responses people have here to it.
Having said that, I do not bozo-filter Phill anywhere else on the net.
The reason is, he makes valuable contributions to lists like micropay
(which he started), or dcsb (which he is a founding member of), or any
other non-political discussion he's in. With the exception of politics, in
my opinion, he is *not* clueless.
More to the point, Phill even shows up at DCSB meetings, and I think he's a
nice guy, and I like to think that I can call him a friend.
However, I also think that Phill has this passion for order that sometimes
borders on the pathological. Maybe because, like Bertrand Russell (who
Phill and I both admire) says, romanticism, leftism and communism are
basically feudalism in disguise, and Phill's a closet aristocrat. ;-).
Maybe not.
I think what we see as his blustering trolls on this list come from
passion. But, I don't think they're trolls at all. I think they show, more
often than not, his outrage at the way the world's going to go. Which,
obviously, is *our* way, and not his. He knows very well the power of the
technology we talk about here, and deep down, I think he knows we're right.
Phill, and Dorothy Denning, and David Sternlight, and other smart, nice (I
haven't met Sternlight), and otherwise clueful people like them, are all
living in a state of heavy denial right now, and they're very articulate
about it. :-). I figure the best way to give them room is to just filter
them out in places where they disturb me, and get on with the business of
proving them wrong.
They'll wake up. Everybody will, sooner or later.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-01 03:36:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: LII FYI: NETDAY PRESS CONFERENCE (fwd) 
Hang on to your wallets, everyone.
Your tax dollars at work...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: owner-lii
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: lii
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Reply-To: roundtable
The following is a media advisory regarding today's NetDay96 press
conference taking place at Hine Junior High School in southeast D.C.
If you have any questions about the press conference or NetDay96,
please don't hesitate to contact me.  You also can find further
information about NetDay96 by visiting NTIA's home page at
   Roanne Robinson
National Telecommunications and Information Administration
U.S. Department of Commerce

@_date: 1996-10-01 03:30:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Workers, Public Schools, Tradesmen, and Justice 
I have to say I agree with this. I know more than a few kids in my
neighborhood who are more than smart enough, if they got over their
technophobia and a little innumeracy. They could make more than the average
drug dealer's lookout if they were to learn to code.
Unfortunately, all the "trade" schools around here teach you to replace
boards rather than hack code.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-01 03:14:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: the theory of split currency 
Austrian-econ is an academic economists' list focused on so-called
"austrian" economics, like Hayek, Von  Mises, etc...
Notice the last little bit about Patrick Leahy...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: owner-austrianecon
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: AustrianECON
Is there a name for a dual or split currency, in which
there is one currency for domestic use and another, different
appearing, currency for foreign usage?
Does anyone know of any country which has had such a
split currency?
Is there any literature on such split currency?
Here some thoughts on how it could function in the U.S.:
1) Domestic currency would not be legal tender outside the U.S.
2) Foreign US dollars would not be legal tender in the U.S.
   It would be illegal to hold foreign dollars in the U.S.
   Travelers would be required to convert them at customs.
3) The export of domestic currency would be illegal.
4) All exchanges between domestic and foreign currency would
be required to be made in official exchanges, with the amounts
recorded and reported to the government.
5) All previous currency would be declared of no value after
a certain date.  All conversions to new currency would be
What would be the implications for banking, international
trade, and the market process?  Would it affect the measurement
of the money supply, and monetary policy?
A motive for the government would be to control the underground
economy, tax evasion, and the trade in illegal substances.
This scenario is not entirely hypothetical.  I have read that
Senator Patrick Leahy introduced Senate Bill  to create
such a split currency.  The Bill failed to pass the Senate,
but this shows the concept is out there.
Is this worth investigation and theoretical examination?
Fred Foldvary
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-01 11:44:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mailmasher 
Hey guys,
Take a look at:
It's a way to get your mail through a web page. Pretty useful when you're
at a braindead "cyber-cafe" machine and want to read your mail.  The
problem is, mailmasher knows you POP password.
Anyway to do this more securely?
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-01 05:57:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Diffie Speaks at Sun: "Cryptology, Technology, and Politics" 
DISTINGUISHED LECTURER SERIES
DATE:   October 17, 1996
TIME:    3:15 - Refreshments
         4:00 - Lecture
PLACE:  MIT, Building 34, Room 101, Vassar St., Cambridge, MA
"Cryptology, Technology, and Politics"
Dr. Whitfield Diffie
Distinguished Engineer
Sun Microsystems, Inc.
October 17, 1996
traditional human intelligence as a vital implement of state power.  Over
the past two decades, a combination of falling costs and new technologies
have made high-grade cryptography widely available. This threatens many
communications intelligence sources --- though probably not communications
intelligence itself. The result has been a series of panicky government
attempts to control the spread of cryptographic technology.  As long as
individuals have access to computers that really `work for them,' such
attempts are unlikely to succeed.  The opponents of cryptography may,
nonetheless, damage both our democracy and our economy with their efforts.
Host: Professor Michael Dertouzos
Joei Juanita Marshall
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Laboratory for Computer Science
545 Technology Square
Cambridge, MA  02139
Phone: (617) 253-0145
Fax: (617) 258-8682
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-01 14:04:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Diffie Speaks at Sun^h^h^hMIT: "Cryptology, Technology, andPolitics" 
X-Sender: rah
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-01 09:28:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: NSA Fluffy FUD? 
BY SAFEMAIL-----
I just got off the phone with a reporter who was interviewing me for a
comment in the paper on Cybercash's "CyberCoin" mini-money protocol. My
comment was that I hadn't paid much attention to it, because I figured it
was yet another book-entry system, but, since he e-mailed me ahead of
time, I went to look at their FAQ on the web, and, yup, sure enough, it
was yet another book-entry system. :-). For the record, I have no problems
with Cybercash, themselves. If anyone's going to do a book-entry system,
it might as well be Cybercash.
What? What about CyberCoin? Oh. Yeah. CyberCoin. Well, the best way I can
figure, it's a transaction accumulator for either your credit card or
debit card, like First Virtual does for small transactions, only it
settles way much quicker, like less than 90 days. :-). On the privacy
standpoint, it hides transactions from the merchant, which is cool, but
not from the bank, which is not cool. What do you expect from a book-entry
system?  ;-). Cybercash at least makes no claims for anonymity, unlike
other transaction systems who will remain nameless...
Cybercash is at  if you want more details.
Almost as an afterthought, the reporter said that someone at the NSA had
cranked out a for-public report, which he had just gotten a fax of,
decrying the succeptability of digital bearer certificate issuers in
general, digital cash issuers in particular, to rubber-hose attacks on
their private keys. The "Print off a trillion dollars in digimarks, buddy,
or we'll kill 'Fluffy', your cat, here..." scenario. Maybe we can call it
a Fluffy-the-cat attack...
The first time I heard of this old chestnut, of course, was from the lips
of Nathaniel Borenstein, who was pushing First Virtual rather strenously
at the time, as a solution to that problem, among others, up to, but not
including, dandruff and world peace.  This was before he invented the
keyboard sniffer, so I was actually listening to him, in those days. :-).
Now it seems the NSA has picked up the Nathaniel's fumbled ball and is
running with it for all they're worth.
Of course, the best way to deal with this from a technical standpoint is
not technically, of course, but with a market model: one with lots of
issuers, trustees, protocol designers, software developers, buyers and
sellers, in one great big robust, happy, many-to-many competitive
clusterfuck of digital commerce. Not to mention, of course, expiry dates
on the digital bearer certificates itself.
Anyway, has anyone *else* seen this apocryphal NSA paper yet? Is it on the
web? I'm sure (he said, volunteering someone else's services unasked yet
again) that someone like John Young would be interested in seeing that
So, the reporter asks, do I think that Citicorp should get into the
business of issuing digital cash?
Well, I guess not. Not according to the NSA, anyway, especially if John
Reed has a cat named 'Fluffy'.
Bob Hettinga
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
Version: 1.0b3
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-02 09:20:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Clipper III on the table 
My brother has gone out and had all these nice bumperstickers made up. They
       Wake up, America!
He won't love you in the morning.
I had trouble figuring out what my elder sib was getting at, until this...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-02 12:02:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Clipper III on the table 
Actually, I think those companies have been coerced. Microsoft will be next.
Remember that IBM and Microsoft have a very clear understanding of what
government coercion is, both at the hands of the DOJ's anti-trust section.
I agree with Lucky's earlier hypothesis that HP's doing this to curry favor
for government contracts in lieu of an actual marketing strategy, and I
leave TIS's motives up to the list as an exercise. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-02 13:46:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Clipper III on the table 
I stand corrected. It is a fact. Serves me right for working from memory on
that point.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:24:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FUCK!!!!!!;-) 
It seems to be worse than we thought?
Apple and *Sun*?
Doesn't *Whit Diffie* work for Sun?
Curioser and curioser...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
NEW YORK AND PARIS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Oct. 2, 1996--Eleven major information
technology vendors and user organizations today announced the formation of an
alliance to develop an exportable, worldwide  approach to strong encryption.
 The goal of the alliance is to enable companies to conduct secure
international electronic commerce.
The alliance was formed in response to demand from customers who  are
conducting more and more of their business processes  electronically.
 Internationally available strong encryption would  enable these firms to
send sensitive information securely over the  Internet and other
international networks.
The companies forming the alliance will achieve this by  developing modern,
high-level cryptographic "key-recovery"  solutions that meet the requirements
of business and could allow easing of  restrictions of cryptographic
import/export around the world.
Members of the alliance are Apple Computer, Inc., Atalla, Digital Equipment
Corporation, Groupe Bull, Hewlett-Packard Company, IBM, NCR Corp., RSA, Sun
Microsystems, Inc., Trusted Information Systems and  UPS.  The alliance is
also open to other companies with an interest  in key recovery.
"Keys" are strings of computer code that lock and unlock data.   Key recovery
is an approach that permits the recovery of lost or  damaged keys without the
need to store or "escrow"  them with a third party.  This approach could also
meet the needs of law enforcement to act under the authority of a court order
without risking the  confidentiality of business data.
Modern, high-level cryptography works to ensure four critical  elements of
security -- Confidentiality: prevents against  unauthorized parties from
seeing information; Integrity: determines  that information has not been
changed during transit; Authentication: verifies the identity of the user and
the user's eligibility to  access and use information; Non-Repudiation:
provides evidence that a transaction took place, for example, that a customer
actually placed  an order.
"Apple recognizes and supports the need for key recovery, and we  are pleased
to be a part of the alliance," said Ellen Hancock, chief  technology officer
and executive vice president of R&D for Apple  Computer, Inc.  "We believe
that this alliance will help industry  lead in developing solutions for
secure transactions while prompting  the evolution of the Internet as a
business environment."
"Securing commerce over the Internet using strong encryption  technologies
will require a common set of standards and approaches to fundamental security
issues such as key recovery and key management," said Robert Gargus, Atalla
president and general manager.  "Once  these standards are accepted and
globally deployed, public networks  such as the Internet will provide a
secure, multi-national commercial trading environment for worldwide
electronic commerce."
"The alliance has struck a balance between government and  business needs,"
said CommerceNet Chairman Marty Tenenbaum.   "Allowing encryption to this
degree opens the door to the  proliferation of electronic commerce."
"Strong encryption is a necessary element in delivering secure  network
business solutions to our customers worldwide.  Key recovery  is a mechanism
that addresses government policy concerns about the  export of strong
encryption while at the same time meeting growing  commercial needs," said
Sam Fuller, vice president and chief  scientist for Digital Equipment
Corporation.  "Digital sees this  alliance as an effective means to develop
open and interoperable key  recovery standards."
"Electronic Commerce is planned to be $1T by the year 2010  according to
experts.  The capability to have secured transactions is a prerequisite for
the market," said Alain Couder, senior executive  vice president of Groupe
Bull.  "Groupe Bull had been actively  involved in the search for a solution
to provide a balance between  the legitimate need for users to have privacy,
for corporations to  protect their trade secrets and relationships and for
governments to  maintain national security.  Bull has the ambition to be a
leading  provider of this capability with key encryption technology, smart
 cards and its Internet products and services."
"HP is pleased to be a founding member of the alliance," said  Richard W.
 Sevcik, HP vice-president and general manager of the  Systems Technology
Group.  "Exportable strong encryption is a key  enabler for international
electronic commerce and provides businesses with the ability to perform
secure transactions and other  communications regardless of geography.  Key
recovery is one of  several technologies that will be important."
"Key recovery will truly open the Internet for serious business," said Irving
Wladawsky-Berger, general manager, IBM Internet Division. "Once businesses
are confident that their electronic transactions are safe and they control
the recovery of keys, a flood of new market  opportunities will open.  The
Internet is rapidly shifting from a  place to browse for information to an
environment for conducting real business."
"Export controls are a fact of life," said Jim Bidzos, president  of RSA Data
Security.  "The key recovery alliance's approach will  allow companies to use
cryptography with differing levels of security in an interoperable way.  When
the alliance implements this  technology it will give the user a new level of
flexibility that did  not exist before.  In an imperfect world this technique
will at least allow you to take advantage of what governments around the
world will allow."
"We're delighted to be part of the alliance because we believe  the adoption
of a worldwide standard for key recovery is essential to solving current
network security problems," said Stephen T. Walker,  president and CEO of
TIS.  "User-controlled key recovery systems  including our own products have
already demonstrated that user  privacy concerns and exportability
requirements can be successfully  addressed.  But there must be worldwide
interoperability.  And it is  our hope that the alliance will be able to
accomplish that."
"The work of the alliance could have a profound impact on  conducting
international business over the Internet," said Joe Pyne,  UPS vice president
of marketing.  "UPS is committed to improving the  movement of both
information and packages in secure and time  sensitive manners.  The alliance
allows us to combine our expertise,  energies and financial strength to
quickly develop standards that  will open the door for rapid development of
products and services."
Apple Computer, Inc.
Maureen O'Connell
Gary Lefkowitz
Digital Equipment Corp.
Patrick Ward
Groupe Bull
Jean-Jacques Roulmann
Kimberly Daniel
Mike Corrado
Bob Farkus
RSA Data Communications
Ginny Kirkley
Sun Microsystems Inc.
Ray Nasser
Trusted Information Systems
Homayoon Tajalli
Pat Stephen
KEYWORD: NEW YORK
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: COMPUTERS/ELECTRONICS COMED
BW0153  OCT 02,1996
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-03 10:35:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: No Subject 
Some idiot said,
Heh. Sorry guys. I was testing to see if toad was up or not. Of course, I
should have sent it to majordomo, right? ;-)

@_date: 1996-10-03 22:05:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FUCK!!!!!!;-) 
Actually, since this was something off of Business Wire, the "journalist"
was actually a PR flack. Worse.
A joke about smearing clue musk and standing in a heard of clues comes to
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-04 05:54:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Clipper III on the table 
A lot of people have asked me this. :-).
Just send me e-mail, and I'll forward it on to my brother, who had them
printed up. He gave the first few away, but the postage on the tube he sent
mine to me in was $3.00, ('course he sent it to me priority mail...), so
he's not going to do that for long if I choke his mailbox...
Anyway, pricing the things so he doesn't lose money's his problem, I
suppose. :-)
Just send me a message saying you want one, and I'll pass it along.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:39:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Margaret Milner Richardson loses her breakfast... 
Use of the internet to attract tax-dodgers rings alarm bells at the IRS.
The rapidly expanding new worlds of the internet and electronic money are
stirring deep concern at the IRS. "We know that some foriegn banks are now
using the internet to solicit new customers with promises of complete
anonymity and a haven from all taxes," IRS commissioner Margaret Milner
Richardson said. She said this issue is being "carefully monitored" by tax
administrators around the world.
Ms. Richardson, in a recent speech, cited a world-wide-web advertisement
offering a "one-of-a-kind book" covering topics such as, "Banking in
Silence" and offering information on setting up an offshore trust that
"could include protection from a large IRS assessment." Ms. Richardson's
reaction: "I almost take that personally." Another ad touts "excellent
interest rates, offered in a stable, tax-free environment...Clients
communicate with the bank any time from anywhere via the internet."
Ms. Richardson said: "How would you like to be responsible for
administering tax laws and have to read these ads over breakfast?"
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-04 12:19:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "Macintosh -- the Surveillance System for the Rest of Us 
Ah.  Maybe we should cross-post this to alt.tasteless?
My first reaction to the above was to say, "Oh, Yeah??? Well, you're ugly,
buddy, and your mother dresses you funny, too!" But, I won't upset the
decorum of so august a forum with such eggregious classlessness. Not here
on cypherpunks. :-).
If one were to be completely uncharitable in the interpretation of Tim's
most recent outbreak of vitriol here, it would seem that he's offended that
he wasn't asked first to be the keynote at MacCrypto, the conference a
bunch of us had at Apple a month ago, which, I might add, was a
considerable success.
Of course, the real irony here is that Tim *was* the first person we asked
to keynote. The irony compounds itself slightly more when you consider the
*last* person who we asked, Phil Zimmermann, at the *last* possible minute,
graciously accepted our invitation and delivered his keynote speech to a
very enthusiastic crowd.
Unfortunately, it may be a speaking engagement Phil regrets now, in light
of Apple's apparent participation in the most recent Washington GAK-fest.
Anyway, let us *be* charitable, and take Tim's apparent vituperation about
Apple's complete capitulation to government pressure, not to mention the
appalling failure of the MacCrypto conference to lob any clues over the
walls of Fortress Apple, entirely at their face value, shall we?
Let's assume that he really *wasn't* trying to rattle the bars on the Mac
crypto community's collective cage, and that he actually was trying to
contribute something constructive to what appears to be a *truly* apalling
situation to anyone who wants strong crypto, and thus internet commerce, to
be transparent and easy to do on the Macintosh. The Mac crypto community's
cage is plenty rattled by the recent news from Washington, as it is.
With that in mind, the best thing most of us can figure is that Ellen
Hancock, Apple's chief technology officer, freshly hired from IBM, is in
the process of pulling the same kind of crypto-boner for Apple that
Netscape's CEO did last year about this time. Frankly, people who run
industrial organizations like Apple, and, I might add, Microsoft, don't
really understand yet that internet commerce *is* financial cryptography,
and, of course, that means strong, and un-GAKked, crypto.
I'm sure that the people on the mac-crypto list and the rest of the Mac
internet community in general will disabuse her of this notion rather
By the way, most of the hard core of 70 or so people who came to the
MacCrypto conference, those who sat through the whole thing from start to
finish, were from outside Apple. Clearly, as far as crypto on the Mac goes,
the word "evangelism" cuts both ways.
However, we got some very good stuff from the Apple folks who did come,
including a soon to be released entropy manager -- with public source code

@_date: 1996-10-05 06:50:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: MacGAK: Tim has a snit. Again. 
Indeed. Welcome to the club, Tim.
I'm reminded of all those c'punk meetings at places like Sun, or SGI, or
any of several Bay Area landmark firms, all of whom have managements full
of people who think they're "doing the right thing" by helping the Feds spy
on us all. That's okay. Cypherpunks, some of them, anyway, write code. And
so, your point is?
Talking about people's private mail in the third person, Tim? It seems I'm
not the only one guilty of such stuff. At least I don't post names with the
opinions, though I shouldn't have posted anything in the first place. If
you remember, it is something which I apologized to the list for at the
time. It was late. I was tired. And, I might add, you were pissing on my
shoes. Fortunately, I wear my seaboots around here, given our past history
on this list.
Nope. Can't tell what you think, Tim. Just an opinion. I'm just engaging in
a little constant conjunction; to take a leaf from Mr. Hume's book. That
is, however right he may be most of the time, Tim May seems to have an ego
the size of the Hindenburg, and he can be just about as inflamatory, when
he says he's been slighted. If you get in the way of that ego at all,
regardless of your facts, he will flame you to your shorts. Happens every
time. Impute causality however you want. The phenomena are clearly linked.
Must be what happens when you're holed up out in the woods all day with
nothing to keep you company but a mailing list.
Depends on what you call "highly". It seems that if you hadn't gone into a
towering snit, he probably wouldn't have said anything, because I was
right. And, my point still stands. You were behaving childishly. Both to
Vinnie then, to the list then, and to me and the list now.
By the way, "we", Vinnie and I, are the people who put MacCrypto together.
Admittedly, Vinnie did all the work, but it was ever thus. :-). You say, X
is important, we should do it, Vinnie says fine, let's do X, and Vinnie
makes it happen. I've never worked with anyone quite like that before. It's
very refreshing...
Frankly, Tim, you could have just let it pass, or at least have been more
of an adult about it, constitutionally impossible though that might be for
you. Inadvertantly, your churlishness probably increased the attendance at
the MacCrypto conference. So, thanks anyway. *I* certainly got lots of
positive comments about our interchange. ;-).
Ah. Tim, are you *jealous*? Of me? Aw, shucks...  And *your* mother wears
army boots, too.
However, in case you missed them, probably because the blood vessels in
your eyes were busy hemoraging, I *did* make several points. Allow me to
summarize again. They are:
1. Tim's lashing out at Apple because he feels slighted by not being
invited first to keynote the MacCrypto conference, though he was in fact
invited first, which makes it all mildly ironic, if not humorous.
2. Instead of Tim, Phil Zimmermann *did* speak at MacCrypto, which Phil
probably regrets, given the current Mac-GAK flap.
3. Apple's Ms. Hancock, whether or not she's "doing the right thing" by
helping the Feds spy on us all, or whether she just thinks corporate, but
not government, key "recovery" is, by itself, okay, has clearly stuck her
foot in her mouth, in the much same way that Mr. Barksdale(?) of Netscape
did last year. Unfortunately, Apple probably won't be as quick to react as
Netscape was, because, as an industrial corporation -- like Microsoft --
Apple may live *on* the net, but it is certainly certainly not *in* the
net, like Netscape, or you, or I am, Tim.
4. I expect that the people in the Macintosh Crypto community, and the Mac
internet community in general, will do their best to disabuse her of any
notions she may have in regard to GAK. It has already started to happen.
5. A lot of real good work was done at MacCrypto, which was a resounding
success, despite Tim's early efforts to piss all over it, which he seems to
be carrying forward to the present. No problem. That's what seaboots are
Ah. A waste of a good summary. Oh, well. :-).
It's interesting to note that the only person who is supposed to be in your
killfile is Perry Metzger, even though you respond to him anyway,
especially when he says something which offends your vanity. So, such a
killfiling claim is probably dubious.  Since such luminaries as VZNuri, Dr.
Vulis, and Jim Bell are *not* in your killfile, evidenced by your
voluminous replies to them, your killfiling me can't be much of a threat,
on its face, or, for that matter, to my reputation here on cypherpunks,
even. ;-).
And, no, Tim, *I'm* not going to put you in my killfile, because *almost*
always, though it's becoming harder to see for all the fulminatory
theatrics, you're spot on.
I believe that, for some reason, I got off on the wrong foot with you from
my very first posting, more than two years ago last June. Your nasty crack
about the MacCrypto conference is just one of a series of personal
fusilades in what seems to be an ongoing pissfight. I bet you wouldn't have
given MacCrypto a passing thought, otherwise. The cost of doing business on
cypherpunks, I suppose. One gets used to it.
So, have a nice day, Tim, and don't forget your seaboots. It's getting wet
out here. Again.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-05 07:04:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cybertax 
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Organization: Chicago-Kent College of Law
The U.S. Treasury Department and other agencies are quite interested in
these issues.  In September, at a 2-day conference in Washington, DC, on
electronic money and banking, Internal Revenue Commissioner Margaret
Richardson described the concerns of tax commissioners world-wide about
digital currency.  Treasury will be issuing a White Paper in the next
month or two that will request comments from the public on a range of tax
and policy legal issues relating to electronic commerce.  These issues
will include, among others, permanent establishment, U.S. trade or
business, and compliance and enforcement.  See the news story in _Tax
Notes_ magazine, Sept. 23, 1996, at 1588, by Ryan Donmoyer, "Tax
Principles Must Be Applied to Wired Economy, Richardson Says."  (A
version of this story is also available electronically in LEXIS, Fedtax
Library, TNT file (as a new search).)      EB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-07 08:01:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Geo-politics and Ant Warfare [rant] 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
Geo-politics and Ant Warfare
It is interesting to see the debate that is going on within the central
banking community.  Compare these two statements.  Hans Tietmeyer urges
central bank control:
whilst Alan Greenspan urges free market development:
The BIS and similar organisations enjoy a secretive reputation second only
to the spooks.  However, this time, the debate would appear to be being
carried out in public as well.  I would guess that this results because
the digital cash scene is not part of the banking world.  Rather, it is
an invention of cryptographers, programmers and other technologists, and
any debate on the subject must involve them, or drift into fantasy.
Many of us have thought long and hard about how the future will look if
digital cash takes off under a free banking scenario.  The ability of
digital cash to be issued from anywhere, by anyone.  A world where
reputation is everything, and the state has a poor PR team.  We've all
had fun redesigning the world.  But we have all assumed that our designs
will be universally accepted.
What will happen if one side of the Atlantic adopts a free market approach,
whilst the other side decides to regulate?  A standoff between Greenspan's
Wildcats and the Tietmeyer Blitzkriegers?
If such were to develop, it is probable that the battle would develop along
existing Internet lines.  European banks would breath a collective sigh of
relief and get on with the business of converting their existing customer
base over to electronic banking, using the Internet as a new form of
telephone.  They would be safe behind the walls of Fortress Europe, for a
while at least, ignoring the small but annoying inroads of the Internet-
based competition.
In the meantime, the battle for digital money supremacy would be being
fought over in the free market North America.  And what would emerge is
likely to be a powerful, integrated financial system that lives in the
Internet and is cohesive with it.  In the short term, a great shift in
composition would occur as many non-banks enter the banking business.  In
the medium term, after the victor(s) emerge, the fight for growth would
push the battle over to uncommitted peoples such as Asia and the other
Americas.  And in the long term, it's time to take on that last bastion
of regulated banking.
Earlier today, I was guessing that Mr Tietmeyer was buying his banks about
3 years of peace (and nice profits), and there wouldn't be too much of an
opposition to that notion.  But after ploughing my way through today's e$pam
of announcements, I now downgrade the "long term" to 6 months of Indian
summer.  That is, before the ink dries on his new law of banking social
security, it will be about as much use as a printout of an IP packet.
In contrast, Mr Greenspan is signalling the start of an era of bloodletting.
He may stain a few reputations and friendships in the process, and ruin his
chance of a cushy retirement number at anywhere but CitiBank, but he's also
offering the prize of the rest of the world at the end of the battle.  Once
the Internet Financial System settles down into a nice, stable, statistical
industry (run by Americans, of course), then it's time to absorb the rest.
That is, if he is allowed to get his way.  Regardless of Mr Tietmeyer's
preferences for "peace in our time", there is much activity in the digital
cash munitions factories.  Programmers and cryptographers are an
undisciplined lot, as well as being more international than the TLAs give
them credit for.  It is unlikely that they will just hand over their
invention, even if asked nicely.
So what happens next?  Well, banking on the Continent is being wooed with
promises of protection, whilst the soldier ants of the Internet war machine
are gathering on the border.  Indigenous ant production may save them, and
there again, it may not.
To live in interesting times, indeed.
iang     06 oct 96
 is Alan Greenspan
hinting that maybe they shouldn't have set up a central bank in the first
 for an excellent display
on the diplomacy of regulation.
The rest of the above Reuters release:
    Tietmeyer said in the text of a speech to The Economic Club
  of New York that G-10 central bank governors were addressing the
  new payment forms because they may cause difficulties for
  central banks to ensure the integrity of payments.
    Tietmeyer noted European Union central bankers have agreed
  that only banks should issue the pre-paid cards. The policy is
  expected to be widened to include the rights to create and
  maintain Internet-based electronic cash systems.
    ``In our opinion, the same should definitely also apply to
  network money,'' he said.
    Tietmeyer said electronic forms of money tend to crowd out
  currency and deposit money, which may increase the potential for
  credit institutions to create money.
    ``Electronic money may impair the supervisory functions of
  the central bank, or, in other words, its function of ensuring
  the integrity of payments,'' Tietmeyer said in a text of the
  speech released in Frankfurt under embargo.
    ``That would increase the risk of crises in one country
  spreading out to engulf payment systems worldwide,'' he said.
    Electronic purses are plastic cards with a built-in
  micro-chip which stores the electronic cash value of an account
  and can be reloaded at special machines.
    The proposal to restrict such projects to banks is part of a
  new German banking law which is still under preparation but
  expected to be enforced in 1997.
    Tietmeyer said it was difficult to create definitive
  regulations for electronic money at ``this early stage''.
    ``The evolution of electronic money is only in its infancy.
  But it is a characteristic feature of today's world that
  tomorrow's world will be upon us in no time,'' he said.
    Electronic purses, also known as smart cards, are not yet
  available in cash-dominated Germany but tests are being run on
  several projects.
    Internet banking is slowly gaining credence in Germany after
  some of the top banks, including Dresdner Bank AG, launched
  securities trading accounts via the Internet.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"'Bart Bucks' are not legal tender."
                -- Punishment, 100 times on a chalkboard,
                       for Bart Simpson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-08 04:52:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Dallas Semiconductor turns on Internet commerce at the touch of abutton 
Dallas Semiconductor turns on Internet commerce at the touch of
a button; wearable computer chip generates uncrackable codes using public
key cryptography

@_date: 1996-10-10 06:57:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Future of Money Hearings 
Strategic Marketing, ATL,
 770-640-3688" Organization: VeriFone
 /FONT=Courier-Bold/LINES=66/LEFT_MARGIN=36/CALCULATE/TOP_MARGIN=36/BOTTOM_MARGI
Sender: owner-e-payments
Precedence: bulk
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-10 13:47:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: The Election and Digital Commerce Agenda 
BY SAFEMAIL-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                          Philip S. Corwin,
                              Principal,
                    Federal Legislative Associates
                   "The Impact of the 1996 Election
                   on Washington's ECommerce Agenda"
                        Tuesday, November 5, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Mr. Corwin is a Principal of Federal Legislative Associates (FLA), a
Washington, DC government relations firm whose clients include
organizations involved with such issues as internet payments security,
computer crime, encryption export restrictions, and the unauthorized
distribution of copyrighted material over the Internet. He has been
involved in legislative activities for twenty years, including five
years on the U.S. Senate's professional staff. Immediately prior to
joining FLA he served as Director and Counsel for Operations, Retail
Banking, and Risk Management for the American Bankers Association, where
his portfolio included payments system policy, bank cards, consumer
compliance, and money laundering.  He is Official Reporter of the
American Bar Association's Task Force on Regulatory Barriers, Committee
on the Law of Commerce in Cyberspace. His articles on a broad range of
financial system topics have been published in numerous publications
here and abroad, including American Banker's Future Banking. He has
testified before Congress and has been interviewed on such programs as
the MacNeil/Lehrer Newshour, The Wall Street Journal Report, CNN
Newsmaker, and CNBC Capitol Gains.
"The Impact of the 1996 Election on Washington's ECommerce Agenda" will
discuss the myriad federal legislative and regulatory initiatives which
will shape the legal infrastructure for ECommerce. In particular, it
will focus on Internet payments and digital value: the Federal Reserve
and FDIC regulatory initiatives on stored value cards; money laundering;
digital counterfeiting and financial system safety and soundness;
taxation of Internet commerce; and the monetary policy implications of
electronic free banking in competition with central banking. Mr. Corwin
will also discuss the 104th Congress' attention to encryption export
standards, Internet copyright protection, Internet privacy, and computer
security and espionage, as well as general Congressional oversight of
electronic banking. Finally, He will make some predictions about the
disposition of these and other matters in the next Congress.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, November 5, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, November 2, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
 December  "Black Unicorn"   Money Laundering: The Headless Horseman
                               of the Infocalypse
 January    TBA              1996 in Review / Predictions for 1997
 February   Rodney Thayer    Applying PGP To Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you
want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
Version: 1.0b3
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-11 09:02:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Clinternet? 
Hoo boy.
I had the most amazing whiff of paranoia from the morning news.
Clinton wants to buy the internet back for $500 million so he can watch us
Nawwww, 'course not...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-11 11:03:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SPA Press Release on ISP suits 
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
The formatting may be a bit rough.  I am not a pro at this.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE  ((edited))
Contact: David Phelps, (202) 452-1600, ext. 320, dphelps
SPA Files Copyright Suits Against ISPs and End Users
Internet Anti-Piracy Campaign Launched
(Oct.10, 1996 --Washington, D.C.) -- The Software Publishers Association
(SPA) announced today that it has filed five civil lawsuits for copyright
infringement occurring on the Internet. Three of the lawsuits were filed
against Internet service providers (ISPs), and the remaining two were filed
against individual end users. Additionally, SPA launched its Internet
Anti-Piracy Campaign, which includes education and enforcement components,
in an effort to educate and work cooperatively with ISPs regarding
copyright infringement.
ISP lawsuits were filed on Oct. 7 and 8 against Community ConneXion of
Oakland, Calif.; GeoCities of Beverly Hills, Calif.; and Tripod Inc. of
Williamstown, Mass. The SPA members named as plaintiffs in all three suits
were Adobe Systems Inc., Claris Corp. and Traveling Software Inc. In each
case, SPA first contacted the ISP and requested that the infringing
material be removed, but the ISP failed to respond and cooperate.
SPA also filed suit against Jeffrey Workman of Auburn, W. V., and Patricia
Kropff of Scottsdale, Pa, on behalf of Adobe Systems Inc., Claris Corp.,
Corel Corp., Datastorm Technologies Inc. and Novell, Inc. In each of these
instances, SPA received reports of alleged copyright infringement on
certain Web sites, and with the assistance of the ISPs, tracked the
individuals responsible for posting the infringing material.
"These lawsuits send a clear signal to ISPs and end users that neither
direct nor contributory copyright infringement will be tolerated. The
Internet does not provide a safe haven for these types of activities," said
Ken Wasch, SPA president.
SPA's Internet Anti-Piracy Campaign (IAPC), which is outlined at
 contains information explaining why
ISPs may be liable for copyright infringement, the risks involved and seven
warning signs that infringing activity may be taking place on the ISP's
server. Additionally, ISPs may sign an ISP Code of Conduct to show they
have adopted the operating practices encouraged under the copyright law.
Upon receiving a report of alleged copyright infringement on the Internet,
SPA confirms the unlawful activity and sends a letter to the ISP servicing
the infringing user. In most cases, the ISP cooperates and remedies the
situation. If the infringing user can be identified -- as alleged in the
Workman and Kropff cases -- SPA may then choose to seek action against the
end user. If the ISP is unwilling to stop the unlawful activity, SPA may
choose to file suit against the ISP.
"Our intentions are to work cooperatively with ISPs. A key element of the
IAPC is the ISP Education Program devoted to alerting ISPs to their
potential liability and providing them with the tools and guidance to
protect themselves," said Joshua Bauchner, SPA's Litigation Coordinator.
"The IAPC maintains SPA's traditional balance between education and
enforcement. We first make contact in an effort to amicably resolve the
matter, and only when absolutely necessary do we turn to litigation."
An integral part of the cooperative effort between SPA and ISPs is the ISP
Code of Conduct. This simple agreement asks that ISPs protect themselves
from liability by stopping pirate activity on their systems. In return, SPA
will attempt to contact the ISP if it receives a piracy report concerning
it -- before initiating other action.
((end of edited release))
See for early reactions.
Michael Dodson
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-11 21:27:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Margaret Milner Richardson loses her breakfast... 
Ah. Somehow, this reminds me of an old Warner Brothers' cartoon spoof of
Wagnerian opera, with Bugs as Brunhilde, and Elmer sproinging along behind
singing "Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, ..." etc., to the tune of "The
Ride of the Valkyries".
If you do a "who cypherpunks" to majordomo you see all sorts of
fun addresses. (Hi, Elvis!) Hell, I've got feds and spooks all over e$pam,
my filtered *super*set of cypherpunks and a bunch of other e$ lists, and
that's to just 200 folks or so. Also, if you think cypherpunks is a
firehose, you should see e$pam. I'm probably the only filter of cypherpunks
that is actually *bigger*. ("It don't say 'e$pam' until Bob says it says
'e$pam'"). Kawika Daguio of the ABA tells me he has his secretary print it
out every morning and put it in a *binder* so he can read it.
Hell, I zinged that Maggy Ric^h^h^hhards^hon breakfast puppy right out
there to e$pam *first*, before it went to cypherpunks, even.
More fun with numbers,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-12 06:03:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Clinternet? 
Ah. I feel much better. How soon I forget my own preaching.
In a geodesic network, a single node (or entity) can't switch all the
traffic. If it does, it chokes. It becomes damage, to paraphrase Gilmore,
and the internet routes around it.
So, Mr. Clinton, come on in, the water's fine. Just don't expect to own the
pool just because of your, er, heavy displacement...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-12 15:29:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fuck Cyberpromo 
It seems to me that every time I send a message to cypherpunks, I get a 10k
message entitled "RESPONSE FROM CYBERPROMO" from "abusebot
(Mail AutoResponder)" .
It stands to reason that everyone who posts this list gets the same thing.
I've certainly seen enough people here complain about it.
So. The messages all say send complaints to wallace . That's
what I'm going to do. With every message I get from cyberpromo from now on.
I would expect that if everyone on this list who gets one of these things

@_date: 1996-10-12 15:52:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: pgp, edi, s/mime 
Yes!!!!  Yes!!!!  Yes!!!!
There *is* a God.
Thank you Phil. Thank you whoever is funding Phil.
Hot Damn. I love this place.
I know that PGP, Inc. has a tough row to hoe now, but damn, they're hiring
all the right people.
I haven't had this much fun since the hogs ate my little brother...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-14 07:48:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: fwd: Privacy on the Internet 
X-Sender: oldbear
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: The Old Bear INTERNET USERS VALUE THEIR PRIVACY
The 1996 Equifax/Harris Consumer Privacy Survey for the Internet
reveals that Internet users place a high premium on their online
privacy, relative to non-Internet users.  Sixty percent of the
Internet users interviewed said their anonymity shouldn't be
compromised when they visit a Web site or use e-mail.  Only 45%
of non-Internet users were sympathetic to the desire for online
About half (49%) of the Internet users who participated felt that
the federal government should be restricted in its ability to
scan Internet messages, compared to only a third (34%) of
Seventy-one percent of Internet users did not want online service
providers to track their Web surfing patterns for marketing
purposes, while 63% of non-users felt this activity was intrusive.
The telephone survey of 36 million people also found that Internet
users tended on average to be better educated, earn more money and
have a somewhat more liberal outlook than non-users.
source: BNA Daily Report for Executives
        October 10, 1996 - page A24
CONSORTIUM TO DEVELOP NET PRIVACY PRINCIPLES
A group of companies involved in electronic commerce via the
Internet have banded together to develop a set of privacy principles
for doing business over the Net.
The Privacy Assured group includes WorldPages, Inc., Four11, I/PRO,
Match.Com and NetAngels.Com, and was sparked by recent reports of
database services such as Nexis/Lexis providing sensitive
information to paying customers.
Privacy Assured, which is a pilot program of the Electronic Frontier
Foundation's eTrust project, will post its blue PA logo on Web sites
that adhere to its standards.  These standards include: not knowingly
listing information about individuals that has not been volunteered
for publication; not allowing reverse searches to determine
individuals' names from e-mail addresses, phone numbers or other
information; releasing only aggregated usage statistics, not
individual information; and giving individuals the option to delete
personal information from lists.
source: Broadcasting & Cable
        October 7, 1996
        page 87
via edupage
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-15 04:51:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PINmail in the SCMP 
Front page of the Technology Post section of the 15/10/96 edition
of the South China Morning Post, next to a cheesy photo of the two
men quoted in the article looking (peering?) through venetian blinds.
Headline: Anonymous e-mail site launched.
Byline: Keala Francis
"Hong Kong advertising agency Momentum has created an anonymous
e-mail service for Internet users around the world."
penet closed down "because it was perceived to be condoning child
pornography. [Director] Tobin said PINmail (
was designed as an offshore address only for legitimate businesses,
but the compay could not necessarily control its users."
Tobin: "If there is proof of illegal activities, I would give up a
"Momentum created and owns shares in AsiaFocus International, which
owns PINmail."
Access via Netscape 3.0. IExplorer due before December. (Uses CGI and
Javascript in a way that is incompatible with IE3.0.)
Daley (Momentum GM): "There are really no disadvantages to having
your e-mail sit on a server rather than your PC."
"PINmail can also allow you to maintain an anonymous address."
"Momentum has set up three server sites in Hong Kong, California and
Amsterdam to enable easier and more efficient access."
PINmail = USD19.95/yr.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-17 13:56:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: EC patent 
Reply-To: jlee
Organization: Internet Tech Div, Computer & Communication Lab, Indudtrial
Technology Research Institute
Precedence: bulk
Addressed to: set-discuss
I heard that CitiBank has filed for a patent in Japan with 140+ claims
covering many aspects of electronic commerce, security electronic
transaction, etc. Does anyone know more about it? What impact will it
bring to all SET members?
James Lee
Director, Internet Technology Division
Computer & Communication Laboratories
Industrial Technology Research Institute
W000/CCL, 195 Chunghsin Rd., Sec. 4, Chutung, TAIWAN
886-3-591-4533(W) 886-3-582-0085(Fax) jlee

@_date: 1996-10-19 10:33:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Judge rules "harmless flame" is harassment 
(Robert A. Hettinga))
Path: news-central.tiac.net!news-in.tiac.net!posterchild!arctos.com!oldbear
Newsgroups: tiac
Lines: 23
NNTP-Posting-Host: arctos.com
X-Newsreader: Trumpet for Windows [Version 1.0 Rev B final beta X-Newsreader: Yet Another NewsWatcher 2.3.0
Status: RO
hmmm.... there is something strangely familiar about
the premise behind this story, but I can't seem to
figure out what it might be...
  JUDGE ORDERS DALLAS MAN TO CEASE HARASSMENT ON NET
  A district judge in Texas has issued a restraining order
  against a Dallas man who was using the Internet to post
  sexually derogatory remarks about the wife of a couple who
  operate an Internet Service Provider.
  The man said he had developed "a bad taste in (his) mouth"
  after trying unsuccessfully to reach the company to price
  its services;  however, he now "wholeheartedly, 100 percent"
  denies that his messages were threatening and insists that
  they merely adopted the sarcastic language typically found
  on the Internet.
  source: Atlanta Journal-Constitution
          October 17, 1996
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-20 11:57:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: sprint pulled plug on cyberpromo.. 
Ah. I feel *much* better now...
For the time being, anyway.
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Since this issue was brought up here a little while ago, it seems
appropriate to forward this..
(NANOG is the "North American Network Operators Group").
Reply-To: "Todd R. Stroup" Cyberpromo is a suspect in sending mail from a host with the name and
local domain of compuserve.com (the exact name of one of our mail
gateways)  They were creating fakeing mail headers by actually haveing a
machine on their network with the same name and domain.  I could have
thought of more creative ways to do this but this is what we saw... Since
were getting an influx of mail from upset individuals asking why
CompuServe was the host of all this spam.  After we found out what
Cyberpromo was up to, we asked for cooperation from Sprint to pull the
At this time (and to my knowledge), CompuServe has not yet made an effort
to engage in any legal action.  I am unable to comment on anything
else at this time.
Todd R. Stroup
Network Engineer - CompuServe
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-23 11:11:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Password Thief for Windows 95 (fwd) 
Be careful. You might owe a royalty to First Virtual.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-23 19:03:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NSA Report: Anyone seen this? 
I don't recall seeing this report mentioned in any e$pam items, and
     thought you might be interested.  Thanks for all your work on the e$
     lists.
______________________________ Forward Header
21st Century Banking Alert No. 96-10-17
October 17, 1996
National Security Agency Report Raises
Systemic Security Issues Related to Anonymous Electronic Money
     A recent report prepared by the Cryptology Division of the National
Security Agency's Office of Information Security Research and Technology
discusses the potential for security failures in certain electronic cash
systems and their likely consequences.  While demonstrating concern over the
attributes of non-traceable electronic money, the report points out methods
that may be used to minimize security breaches and losses, including
limiting the number of coins that can be affected by a single compromise,
requiring traceability for large transactions or large numbers of
transactions in a given period, and the creation of a mechanism to restore
traceability under certain circumstances.  The report contains an excellent
summary of basic electronic money cryptographic tools, electronic cash
protocols, authentication and signature techniques and related security
Copyright 1996.  Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson.
  All rights reserved.
21st Century Banking Alert is a trademark and servicemark
  of Fried, Frank, Harris, Shriver & Jacobson.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-24 05:44:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ecash press release 
Sender: owner-e-payments
Precedence: bulk
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-24 10:16:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: NSA Report: Anyone seen this? 
Another industrial communication heirarchy snagged in a geodesic world.
Yup. Duncan's right. The Chixalub(sp?) comet has fallen. The dinos *are*
dying, ladies and germs...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-24 10:19:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Netescrow & Remailers? 
Right. And, of couse, the OUT remailers charge *money*, payable to "whom it
may concern"... :-).
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-24 11:12:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "So Says I", 10/24 ISIG Meeting 
X-Sender: mcooley
< Actually, "I" is "Joe Nebuchannezar" ;-), RAH>
       Marianne Cooley            Internet Special Interest Group
       NetHorizons Unlimited      Coming Soon!  A *new* Boston Group
       mcooley
       617.433.0825
Join "Life at Internet Speed" on  Wednesdays from 1-2pm!
For a chat topic reminder, send an email to chat-reminder
 with your full name and email address in the body of the message.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-26 11:00:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IEEE P1363 Meeting Notice 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send an email to e$pam-request
X-Comment: containing the command "unsubscribe e$pam"
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: Various
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1996-10-28 05:24:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: considering internet/privacy periodical 
Actually, the report I heard on "Marketplace", NPR's business report, said
that the market looked at the fact that Wired was more magazine than
internet, and killed the deal, twice now. Magazine publishing is a known
quantity, and a pretty much marginal one, too, with all the competition for
shelfspace and mindshare in the modern magazine business. Wired lost, if I
remember the story right, $10mil last year. It seems to me that a magazine
successful enough to do an IPO should have actually made money before the
stock floats. (On the other hand, magazines can live forever without ever
without making money. The greater fool theory of magazine publishing, I
guess. The Nation, never more than a century old, has never made money. The
National Review has been around since the 50's and might have made money
only few years in all that time. I don't think either one of them are
public, though...)
I guess that, like backhoes, Wall Street now also understands that Moore's
Law doesn't apply to printing presses, either. ;-).
The first Wired Ventures IPO went out as a magazine and bombed. The next
Wired Ventures deal went out as half magazine, half HotWired (though mostly
magazine in fact), and bombed. By the time Wired goes out with a new deal

@_date: 1996-10-28 06:44:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: considering internet/privacy periodical 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Obviously, I only needed one "never" in that sentence. Which one, I leave
as an excercise for the reader. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-28 07:29:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Announcement 
Comments: Authenticated sender is Organization: Mark Twain Bank
Priority: normal
Here is an official announcement that can be found at
We feel that there is much positive to come from this on the
electronic commerce front and will be filling you in more later.
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE:
MERCANTILE BANCORPORATION INC. TO MERGE WITH MARK
TWAIN BANK
ST. LOUIS, October 28, 1996...Mercantile Bancorporation Inc. (NYSE:
MTL), an $18.2 billion asset bank holding company, and Mark Twain
Bancshares, Inc. (NYSE: MTB), a $3.1 billion asset bank holding
company, both headquartered in St. Louis, jointly announced today that
they have signed a definitive merger agreement. The transaction will
be a tax-free exchange valued at approximately $855 million.
"This merger of Mark Twain with Mercantile brings together the
strengths of two high-performing organizations and solidifies
Mercantile's position as the largest locally managed, and
independently owned banking operation in St. Louis and the state of
Missouri," said Thomas H. Jacobsen, chairman and chief executive
officer of Mercantile Bancorporation Inc.
"It is a compelling transaction that will harness the middle market
lending and other specialty businesses of Mark Twain with the power
and breadth of Mercantile's operation," Jacobsen added. "Both
institutions are generating strong revenue growth, increasing market
share and earnings momentum. We're convinced that the synergies
between our two institutions will create a highly competitive banking
organization with long-term benefits for our customers, employees and
"This is great news for St. Louis and Kansas City at a time of rapid
change in the financial services industry. We are very pleased to
partner with Mercantile Bancorporation and form a merged banking
entity in which everyone benefits," said John P. Dubinsky, president
and chief executive officer of Mark Twain Bancshares, Inc.
"Customers of Mark Twain will benefit from the extensive array of
consumer products and services developed by Mercantile. Both
organizations have outstanding CRA records and together will continue
to provide civic leadership in the region," Dubinsky said.
Mark Twain Directors unanimously approved the transaction and have
indicated that they will vote their shares in favor of the merger.
Under the terms of the agreement, Mark Twain shareholders will receive
.9520 shares of Mercantile common stock for each share of Mark Twain
common stock. The merger is structured as a tax-free exchange and will
be accounted for as a pooling of interests. Based on Friday's closing
price for Mercantile common stock of $52.125, the transaction is
valued at $49.62 per share of Mark Twain common stock.
In addition, both Mercantile and Mark Twain will rescind all
previously announced share repurchase programs. Mercantile may
repurchase up to 700,000 shares in the open market from time to time
depending upon market conditions and other factors.
Mark Twain Bancshares, Inc., one of the highest performing banks in
the country, has 39 banking locations in the St. Louis, Kansas City
and Belleville, IL areas. Mark Twain's related financial services
companies include: Mark Twain Capital Markets Group; Mark Twain
Brokerage Service, Inc.; Mark Twain Commercial Finance Division; Mark
Twain International Division and Mark Twain Trust.
The merger strengthens Mercantile's presence in the three largest
Missouri markets, increasing market share in the Kansas City
Metropolitan area from fourth to third; and moving Mercantile to a
stronger second in market share in the St. Louis area. Mark Twain's
pending acquisition in Springfield, Missouri will further increase
Mercantile's market share by approximately 20% in the Springfield
Upon completion of the merger, Alvin J. Siteman, chairman of Mark
Twain Bancshares, Inc., will become Chairman of Mercantile Bank of St.
Louis, and will join the Mercantile Bancorporation Inc. Board of
Directors. In addition, John P. Dubinsky, will become president and
chief executive officer of Mercantile Bank of St. Louis and a member
of Mercantile's management executive committee, reporting to Thomas H.
Jacobsen. Peter F. Benoist, executive vice president, banking
division, Mark Twain Bancshares, Inc., will join Mercantile Bank of
St. Louis as a key member of the management team. Joseph E. Hasten,
the current president of Mercantile Bank of St. Louis, will assume the
position of chairman and chief institutional banking officer of
Mercantile's Corporate Bank serving the specialized financial needs of
Mercantile's commercial customers throughout the Midwest, reporting to
W. Randolph Adams, senior executive vice president of Mercantile
Bancorporation Inc.
Plans call for the merger, which is subject to the approval of
Mercantile and Mark Twain shareholders and all appropriate regulatory
agencies, to be completed in the second quarter of 1997.
Mercantile Bancorporation Inc., an $18.2 billion multi-bank holding
company headquartered in St. Louis, operates banks in Missouri, Iowa,
Kansas, Illinois and Arkansas. The company has mergers pending with
Today's Bancorp, Inc., First Financial Corporation of America, and
Regional Bancshares, Inc. Mercantile's non-banking subsidiaries
include companies providing brokerage services, asset-based lending,
investment advisory services, leasing services and credit life
Keith Miller (314) 889-0799 millerk
Frank O. Trotter, III
Senior Vice President
Director International Markets Division
Mark Twain Bank
Fax: +1 314 569-4906
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-29 05:50:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: German Draft Digital Sigature Law 
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
For your information, my translation of the German Draft Digital Signature law
is now available on my homepage "Law of Electronic and Internet Commerce in
Germany" (
Christopher Kuner, Esq.
Gleiss & Partners
Gaertnerweg 2
60322 Frankfurt, Germany
tel. 49-69-955140
fax 49-69-95514198
e-mail 100442.3075
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-30 09:21:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Good Netkeeping seal of approval???? 
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Rodney Thayer Precedence: Bulk
(from the ISOC newsletter)
* ELECTRONIC-COMMERCE STANDARDS GROUP FORMED
In a push to encourage online commerce, the Electronic Frontier Foundation
and CommerceNet have teamed up to implement eTrust, a global initiative
that would allow qualified merchants to bear the eTrust logo. The
initiative has thus far formed a standards body made up of such companies
as Coopers & Lybrand, the Firefly Network, and Test Drive. This body,
dubbed the Commercial Guidelines and Auditing Standards Committee, has
developed a series of guidelines for an accreditation program, which the
group will take through a pilot phase towards the end of the year. A
commercial offering and a pricing structure are expected in the first
quarter of 1997. More information is available at (Cowles/SIMBA Media Daily 10/17/96).
               Rodney Thayer        +1 617 332 7292
               Sable Technology Corp, 246 Walnut St., Newton MA 02160 USA
               Fax: +1 617 332 7970                                      Communications Software Development
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-10-30 12:52:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial Cryptography 1997 (FC97): General Announcement 
Financial Cryptography 1997 (FC97):
The world's first financial cryptography conference, workshop, and exhibition!
General Announcement
Conference, and Exhibition,
February 24-28, 1997
Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals
February 17-21, 1997
The Inter-Island Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
The world's  first peer-reviewed conference on financial cryptography,
FC97, will be held Monday through Friday, February 24-28, 1997, from 8:30am
until 12:30pm, at the Inter-Island Hotel on the Carribbean island of
In conjunction with the conference, the Inter-Island Hotel will also be the
site of an intensive 40-hour workshop for senior managers and IS
professionals, during the week preceeding the conference (February 17-21),
and an exhibition for financial cryptography vendors, from 10am-6pm during
the week of conference itself.
The goals of the combined conference, workshop, and exhibition are to
provide a peer-reviewed forum for important research in financial
cryptography and the effects it will have on society,  to give senior
managers and IS professionals a solid understanding of the fundamentals of
strong cryptgraphy as applied to financial operations on public networks,
and to showcase the newest products in the field. In addition, plenty of
time has been left open in the afternoon and evening for sponsored
corporate functions and activities, for business networking, and, of
course, for recreational activities on Anguilla itself.
As one of the principals of the conference joked, "We hope that people will
treat the conference and the other activities more as a working vacation,
rather than, er, vacating work."
Conference participants are encouraged to bring their families.
The Conference
Ray Hirschfeld, the conference chair, has picked an outstanding group of
professionals and researchers, in financial cryptography, and in related
fields, to review the papers for this conference.
They are:
Chairman: Rafael Hirschfeld, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Matthew Franklin, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA
Michael Froomkin, U. Miami School of Law, Coral Gables, FL, USA
Arjen Lenstra, Citibank, New York, NY, USA
Mark Manasse, Digital Equipment Corporation, Palo Alto, CA, USA
Kevin McCurley, Sandia Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM, USA
Charles Merrill, McCarter & English, Newark, NJ, USA
Clifford Neuman, Information Sciences Institute, Marina del Rey, CA, USA
Sholom Rosen, Citibank, New York, NY, USA
Israel Sendrovic, Federal Reserve Bank of New York, New York, NY, USA
Some of the names may be recognizable to you. But, if they're not, included
in that list are the inventor of Millicent, the head of EU's CAFE digital
cash project, the holders of Citicorp's digital cash patent, two famous
scholars in cryptography and digital commerce law, the Chair of Eurocrypt
'96, and the Chairman of the Taskforce on the Security of Electronic Money
for the Bank for International Settlements.
If we'd gotten any more talent, we couldn't have had a conference, because
the committee can't review the work of it's own members!
The actual agenda of the conference will be determined by the papers the
program committee selects, so we won't have a final schedule for the
conference until the middle of January. However, the conference committee
is selecting papers in what it considers the union, and not the
intersection, of the fields of finance and cryptography.
Examples of topics it will consider are:
    Anonymous Payments                      Fungibility
    Authentication                          Home Banking
    Communication Security                  Identification
    Conditional Access                      Implementations
    Copyright Protection                    Loss Tolerance
    Credit/Debit Cards                      Loyalty Mechanisms
    Currency Exchange                       Legal Aspects
    Digital Cash                            Micropayments
    Digital Receipts                        Network Payments
    Digital Signatures                      Privacy Issues
    Economic Implications                   Regulatory Issues
    Electronic Funds Transfer               Smart Cards
    Electronic Purses                       Standards
    Electronic Voting                       Tamper Resistance
    Electronic Wallets                      Transferability
Financial Cryptography '97 is held in cooperation with the
International Association for Cryptologic Research. The conference
proceedings will be published on the web by the Journal for Internet
Banking and Commerce. .
For further information on submitting a paper to the FC97, and other
details about the program of the conference, please see program committee's
web-page at .
On the lighter side, the conference will be covered by Wired Magazine, and
will be the featured conference in it's January 1997, (ahem...) "Deductible
Junkets" section. So, you might want to register, and make your plane and
hotel reservations, before the rush begins...
The price of a pass to the conference sessions and exhibits is $1,000 U.S.
(Since we're on Anguilla, and there are no taxes of any kind, we thought
we'd keep prices in nice round numbers, just to make things interesting.
The price includes breakfast at the conference, some stipends for
presenters who need them, and the logistics of having a professional
conference with high-bandwidth internet connectivity in a location like
Anguilla. In looking around, however, the conference organizers *did*
notice that FC97 price is in keeping with other business and professional
technology conferences of similar total session length, so everything seems
to work out. The market *is* efficient, after all.
You can register, and pay for, your conference ticket at:
The Exhibition
Concurrent with the conference will be the the FC97 Exhibition, a small
trade show for financial cryptography products and services. Each booth
will have high bandwidth access to the internet (yes, there *are* T1s in
Anguilla), and will get 2 conference passes. Booth prices start at $5,000
US. Please contact Julie Rackliffe at  for
further information . As space is limited, please register as soon as
possible if you plan to be there.
The Workshop
We are especially honored to have Ian Goldberg as the leader of the FC97
Workshop, which will run one week prior to the conference, February 17-21,
Ian, the cryptographer at Berkeley who was made famous last year (in
articles in both the Wall Street Journal and the New York Times) for
breaking Netscape's transaction security protocols, will be running an
intensive, 5-day workshop for senior managers and technology professionals.
While the workshop is still being developed, and will depend on the skills
of the planned participants, workshop topics will include, but not be
limited to:
The Internet (depending on the background of the participants)
Overview and background of cryptography
Survey of existing and proposed Internet payment systems
Details on some specific payment systems
Issues involved in setting up a secure Internet site
And, depending on whether Ian finishes coding it (it looks likely), a
step-by-step walkthrough of setting up an ecash-enabled Web server.
Ian has recruited strong roster of instructors with credentials similar to
his own, and, as he plans to maintain a 5-1 student/teacher ratio, the size
of the workshop will be restricted and 2 months advance registration well
be required.
Further information about the workshop can be found at:
The planned price for the workshop is $5,000. This covers lab space,
hardware, network access, software, and, of course, 40 hours of instruction
and structured lab activity. The lab itself will be open 24 hours a day, if
demand warrants it.
Sponsorship Opportunities
FC97 offers many exciting sponsorship opportunities at all levels.
Corporations are encouraged to to be an exclusive sponsor for lunch or
dinner, each of which will be followed by a recreational activity of some
kind. Sponsors will have the opportunity to permanently attach their name
to these important networking functions, which the organizers hope will be
a large part of the conference experience. There are 10 such events being
planned, and 10 corporations will be accepted for sponsorship. Corporate
sponsors of these events will also get a substantial initial discount on
exhibit space, and complementary conference tickets.
In-kind sponsorship is available at all levels of support, with
opportunities for companies to provide networking, bandwidth, hardware,
radio pocket modems and equipment, as well as design and print services,
transportation, entertainment, catering, sunscreen and, well, if you've got
it and you think we'll need it, let us know about it -- we probably do.
Please contact Julie Rackliffe at  for further
sponsorship information.
Air Transportation and Hotels
Air travel to Anguilla is typically done through either St. Thomas for US
flights, or St. Maarten/Martin for flights from Europe. Several non-stop
flights a day from various US and European locations can be made to either
destination. Connection through to Anguilla can be made through American
Eagle, or through LIAT. See your travel agent for details. American Eagle
Airlines has agreed to increase their flights as needed to accomodate any
extra traffic the conference brings to the island.
Anguilla's runway is 3600 feet, with a displaced threshold of 600 feet, and
can accomodate business jets. Obviously, you should talk to your own FBO
for details about your own aircraft's capabilities in this regard.
Anguilla import duties are not imposed on hardware or software which will
leave the island again, so, as long as you take it with you when you leave
you won't pay taxes for leaving it there.
Hotels range from spartan to luxurious, and more information about hotels
on Anquilla can be obtained from your travel agent, or at
Why Anguilla?
We picked Anguilla for two reasons, both of them mildly political. The
first is, of course, the US ITARs, which classify cryptography as a
"munition" and restrict it's export. Thus, every effort will be made to
highlight the absurdity of these regulations through the use of foriegn
software, "leaked" software, and, of course, where necessary, US-exportable
"crippleware", in the networking and server software of the conference and
workshop. Of course, the conference content itself is not a violation of
the ITARs, as the "munitions" being exported are in the heads of the
attendees, or on paper, and thus not (typically!) subject to the US ITARs.
Consider it a mild tweak on the nose of the Clinton Administration, in an
era of 56-bit exportable keysize maxima.
The other mildly political reason is that Anguilla is a tax haven. There
are no taxes except import duties. None. No income, capital gains, sales,
excise, or property taxes -- none. Anguilla's banking secrecy laws are about
the finest there are anywhere.
This is important to the organizers of the conference because most of the
other proposed regulations of financial cryptography, particularly those of
"token", or "note" based systems, are because they enable cash settlement,
even perfectly anonymous cash settlement, of transactions of practically
any size. Economic reality is not optional; if, in fact, the significantly
reduced cost of these technologies make auditable "book-entry" transaction
settlement obsolete, then there isn't much that the taxation or
law-enforcement authorities of the world's nation-states can do about it.
We consider countries like Anguilla an existance proof of the concept. Any
attempt to restrict these technologies will only backfire on nations
attempting to do so. Nation-states will simply have to develop taxation and
law enforcement methods other than auditing book-entries. In fact, most
central bankers and financial crime enforcement professionals who
understand the technology also realize this, so, of course, our point is
only *mildly* political, at this stage of the argument, anyway.
Of course, the fact that Anguilla's average daytime temperature in February
is in the low 80's farenheit, and that of, say, Boston, is in the low 20's,
and the fact that cyclonic storms are in the *other* hemisphere that time
of year, has *nothing*, we say, *nothing* to do with our decision to hold a
conference there. We're simply shocked you would suggest such a thing.
Neither, for that matter, does the fact that the average water visibility
on Anguilla's coral reefs can be measured in hundreds of feet (if you can
see that far for the blinding riot of color, that is...).
Registration for FC97
Again, if you're interested in coming to FC97 see:
For information on presenting papers at FC97 see:
If you're interested in Exhibit space, please contact Julie Rackliffe:
If you're interested in sponsoring FC97, also contact Julie Rackliffe:
If you're interested in the FC97 Workshop for Senior Managers and IS
Professionals, see:
See you in Anguilla!
The FC97 Organizing Committee
Vince Cate and Bob Hettinga, General Chairs
Ray Hirschfeld, Conference Chair
Ian Goldberg, Workshop Chair
Julie Rackliffe, Conference, Exhibit, and Sponsorship Manager
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-01 10:09:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: mbanx - 128 bit SSL transactions 
Can you say, "regulatory arbitrage"?
I knew you could...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: e$
Reply-To: "networks Precedence: Bulk
I just finished reading about mbanx They're a new bank (owned by the Bank of Montreal)
which offers services including bill payment and
account transfers using the Internet.
One of the most interesting things about their service
is that they only permit transactions using Netscape
with 128 bit SSL.  When I heard that I immediately
assumed that I had to go out and buy it, but apparently
they will supply it to me for free if I don't already have
it (so they said when I talked to them on the phone
Unfortunately, they seem to have a $13.00 a month fee,
so it's no wonder they aren't worried about giving you
128 bit Netscape.  It's a shame that despite the
fact that branchless banking is probably saving them
a lot of money on infrastructure, they still feel it's necessary
to charge a premium.  However, I must add that, in the
information I have, it is unclear whether the $13.00 fee
is standard or whether it is an option to replace transaction
charges.  I've got more information coming in the mail
so I'll try and keep everyone posted.
Alan Majer
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-04 08:04:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Paper on Electronic Payment Systems (Swedish) 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: gustavw (Gustav Winberg)
Precedence: Bulk
For all interested and Swedish-speaking (sorry...) list members:
I have just completed my graduation thesis in law at the University of
Stockholm. The title of the paper is "Elektroniska betalningssystem -
Teknisk skerhet och juridisk oskerhet" (eng. Electronic Payment Systems -
Technological Security and Legal Uncertainty"), and is available at
where you will find the ToC in HTML and the complete paper in pdf-format
(about 230K).
If there is sufficient interest, I might consider translating the paper, or
parts of it, into English. The legal bits are specifically about Swedish
Law, though, so I'm not sure how useful they would be for
Any comments or suggestions are greatly welcome and can be sent to
BTW: Bob, thanks for a great list - I couldn't have done it without you...
Gustav WInberg
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-04 08:04:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ClipperFUD: tracking smart cards 
X-Sender: oldbear
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: The Old Bear TRACKING SMART CASH
A senior Justice Department official has urged makers of smart
carts to include a mechanism for tracking transactions over a
certain dollar amount.
Assistant Attorney General Robert Litt also called for "sensible
limits" on how much value can be stored or transferred on a
single card or PC.  The government hopes it can work with industry
without stifling smart card development, and without compromising
individual rights.
"We don't want to dictate how these features are designed, but
there are certain reasonable parameters that industry should build
into their systems," says Litt.
source: BNA Daily Report for Executives
        29 Oct 96
        page A24
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-06 17:14:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Inquest? 
There's an echo in the room...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-08 09:41:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Rush disses anonymity 
I'm sitting here listening to Rush, and he's talking about Pierre
Salanger's recent "discovery" ;-) of the anonymously posted friendly-fire
TWA800 internet message of a few months back.
In the process of discounting the story, and praising FBI pal Kalstrom, he
bemoans the anonymity of the net, calling it a "nest of kooks", (mixed in
with all the other "right thinking people", of course...).
Given this, and, of course, our own fun and games with anonymous, er,
slander, on this list, I'm frequently tempted to agree with him. After all,
if someone says something wrong about you, how do find them and punish
them? How do you know what the truth is, unless you know who said it?
(What? An appeal to authority? Moi? I'm *shocked* you would assert such a
Until, of course, I remember that anonymity is unpreventable, and, frankly,
economically necessary for true internet commerce.
Remember what agrarianism did to try to stop industrialism (up to, and
including, socialism ), and expect the
worst, folks.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-09 08:17:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Money Laundering -- The Headless Horseman of the Infocalypse 
BY SAFEMAIL-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                           "Black Unicorn"
                         "Money Laundering --
               The Headless Horseman of the Infocalypse"
                        Tuesday, December 3, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
S. L. vonBernhardt, , is an attorney, a member
of the board of directors of two European financial institutions, author
of "Practical and Legal Problems Confronting the Asset Concealer in
Relation to Offshore Financial and Corporate Entities" and a former
member of the intelligence community.  He is currently working to develop
and preserve institutions dedicated to traditional standards of financial
One of the most disturbing products of the "war on drugs" has been the
effective criminalization of many forms of formerly legal financial
transactions.  The resulting legislation places serious burdens on
financial institutions in the form of "due diligence" requirements, as
well as building what can be an inflexible barrier before those who would
implement uncompromised digital commerce systems.  Mr. vonBernhardt will
address the legislative burdens imposed on financial institutions, the
likely impact on future systems of digital commerce, potential solutions
through regulatory arbitrage, and the practical problems facing
jurisdictions seeking to enforce regulations in the face of advanced
systems of digital commerce.
No cameras, please.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, December 3, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, November 30, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
 January    Rodney Thayer    Applying PGP To Digital Commerce
 February   David Kaufman    1996 in Review / Predictions for 1997
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you
want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
Version: 1.0b4 e22
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-09 17:46:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Black Unicorn exposed? 
Nope. Sorry, Pete. Hope you didn't throw out your sholder, swinging for the
fences like that. ;-).
The name "S. L. vonBernhardt" is just another pseudonym of Unicorn's, and
as such, is just another level of redirection, in a rather, hrm,
redirected, life, I would wager.
For what it's worth, the DCSB speaker process is as follows: The speaker
pings me and offers to speak. I say, "Cool. Send me a paragraph about
yourself and another one about your talk, and I'll bounce it off the
program committee." (The program committee is the first 6 or 7 people who
said they wanted to speak when we started DCSB last year. It was my way of
making them sing for their supper. They sing pretty well, given the caliber
of speakers we've had. ;-).)
So, Uni sends me his two paras, which I forward to the program committee,
who do backflips, 'cause Uni's about an 11 on a 10-point "kewl" scale. And
that's it.
When blurb time comes for the talk, I copy and paste said two paras into a
piece of boilerplate, tweak here and there, spam the planet, and voila!, a
DCSB announcement blurb is history. Except of course when the speaker has
been, er, loquacious, and his two paras require editing down, which, in
Uni's case, he wasn't, so I didn't. Except his aside to me that "S. L.
vonBernhardt" is Yet Another Pseudonym.
In short, I sent out what Unicorn sent me. No skulduggerous efforts at
outing him were attempted.
You do have a nice swing, though. Next time, I'll put one over the plate
where you can hit it. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-12 06:39:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The persistance of reputation 
Sorry. I wasn't clear. My tongue was planted firmly in cheek there. I'm
"frequently tempted" in the same way I'm "frequently tempted" to rip
someone's head off and shit down their neck.
See above. You're preaching to the choir here...
I agree, but, I think that, in the long run, disinformation may cost more.
Lying always involves more work, and thus cost, than telling the truth. In
order to support a lie you have to keep weaving a coherent tissue of other
lies around the original lie to support it, all of which makes the original
lie more and more non-plausible. In other words, the more "resolution" you
get on a lie, the more it looks like a lie. Maybe that's the "cancel itself
out" you're talking about. Of course, that implies critical thinking on the
part of the listener, or at least access to critical information, which is
what the net provides at a cheap price, like you said. So, maybe what we're
saying here is that disinformation costs more than information, but if
disinformer has more money, or at least communication resources, it'll be
believed. On a geodesic network, this is much harder, because centralized
nodes choke on their information load, and can't spread lies as cheaply as
they can on a hierarchically controlled communication network, like
broadcast, or even print, media.
Say 'amen' somebody. Reputation is reputation, nym or not. However, nyms
allow something very important. Since the net enables reputation to persist
(functionally) forever, nyms allow you to "start over", much in the same
way that geographic frontiers have functioned historically.
The paradox of ubiquitous network computing is it takes away privacy by
creating persistant information accessable to anyone, while at the same
time creating perfect pseudonymity and thus new reputation.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-12 12:56:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mac S/WAN (encrypted ip) mailing list.. 
Sender: mac-crypto
Reply-To: Vinnie Moscaritolo Precedence: Bulk
as promised I have create a mailing list that will be focused on developing
secure networking technology on the Macintosh.  (ipsec,SKIP & OT etc)
there are aleady a variety of ways todo this sucessfully with opentransport
that involve createing a STREAMS modules to do ipsec.
I will refer you to  for more info
about a great project that is underway that could really use a Mac
for now , it will be an open list, you can subscribe to it by Send mail to
mailto:majordomo containing the single text line
subscribe mac-swan
Expect to receive confirmation when the majordomo daemon handles on your
to contibrute to this list send email to mailto:mac-swan
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-13 06:47:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Litt: 10/28 speech to ABA/ABA 
X-Sender: oldbear
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: The Old Bear  < gopher://198.80.36.82:70/00s/current/news/topic/econ/96102905.lec >
*96102905.LAR 10/29/96
FIGHTING ELECTRONIC MONEY LAUNDERING DEMANDS MULTI-PRONGED STRATEGY
(Byliner by DAAG Robert S. Litt)  (1930)
By Robert S. Litt
Most observers believe that widespread electronic commerce is probably
inevitable. It offers us the exciting prospect of doing away with many
of the costs, burdens, and problems associated with paper money. But
the advent of electronic commerce presents certain challenges to law
enforcement as well.
One of the biggest challenges is the new opportunities for criminals
to launder their dirty money. Traditionally, money launderers have
deposited troublesome and bulky cash proceeds into banks or other
financial institutions to obscure its criminal origins. Or they have
created phony companies, or engaged in sham transactions, to hide
illicit profits.
These methods usually create paper trails that can be traced by law
enforcement. Through education, training and the enactment of
stringent laws and regulations in this regard, and through close
cooperation between the Departments of Treasury and Justice, law
enforcement has made great progress preventing and detecting money
laundering. As a result, it is increasingly difficult for criminals to
launder their money successfully.
But certain types of electronic commerce systems permit virtually
anonymous transactions and leave no paper trail. These systems could
undo years of hard law enforcement work. Electronic commerce could
allow a money launderer who wants to transfer tainted funds to do so
without the risk of engaging in personal contact with a potentially
suspicious bank employee. And the funds could be transferred anywhere
in the world by an automated on-line banking system that could be
accessed from the safety of the money launderer's home.
Similarly, a bank that operates completely on-line could court the
business of money launderers with little danger of prosecution. Such a
virtual bank could easily be located overseas, beyond the reach of
U.S. law enforcement. A recent article in the Washington Post suggests
that we are already encountering offshore, on-line banks. According to
the Post article, one offshore bank describes itself as the first bank
on the Internet, offering the opportunity to open accounts, wire
money, order credit cards or write checks by computer from anywhere in
the world, around the clock.
The bank's Worldwide Web page describes the benefits it offers to
customers: "Since there are no government withholding or reporting
requirements on accounts, the burdensome and expensive accounting
requirements are reduced for you and (the bank). The bank maintains
the strictest standards of banking privacy in offshore business and
financial transactions. Indeed, (the bank's country) has stiff
penalties for officers or staff that violate banking secrecy laws." It
is not hard to imagine who will be attracted to this kind of banking.
Some smart card systems go further, and would permit money launderers
to obscure the origins of funds while avoiding financial institutions
entirely. These systems have no central registry of transactions which
would allow the transactions to be reconstructed. A sophisticated
launderer, using multiple cards, could create an intricate series of
transfers that could not be unraveled, and that would circumvent
almost all existing money laundering laws. Internet payment systems
can similarly permit multiple transactions that could be next to
impossible to trace, particularly if unscrupulous merchants cooperate
with the criminals.
How do we respond? One big step toward eliminating money laundering
and other law-breaking through electronic commerce would be to
implement electronic cash technologies that track all transfers. We
have received information that at least one provider of a smart card
system that is already in use in Europe has modified its cards for use
in the United States so that financial institutions will be able to
track card usage. The system will allow them to audit for fraud, if
not recreate every transaction.
But a solution such as this raises a fundamental philosophical issue
for our society -- striking the proper balance between anonymity and
accountability. This question is being debated in many contexts as the
Internet grows. Important reasons abound to allow anonymity in
communications networks. Whistleblowers may want to remain anonymous
to avoid retribution. Consumers may wish to obtain information on a
product without ending up on hundreds of mailing lists. Rape victims
may want to discuss their experiences without revealing their
Unfortunately, criminals also benefit from anonymity. They want to
avoid getting caught. Anonymous remote communications can help them
avoid detection and apprehension. And so effective law enforcement
requires accountability. We must be able to hold individuals who harm
others accountable for their conduct.
We can find a middle ground between anonymity and accountability in
the principle of confidentiality. In a confidential system, a person's
identity is not generally known, but in appropriate circumstances --
for example when a court order is obtained -- the identity can be
determined. Confidentiality permits us to allow anonymity in
appropriate circumstances but does not permit criminals to obtain new
advantages from the anonymous capabilities of the Net.
This concept of confidentiality embodies the message chosen by the
framers of the U.S. Constitution to limit law enforcement through the
Fourth Amendment. They rejected a system under which law enforcement
could have unfettered access to citizens' papers; but equally they
rejected a system where those papers could be immune from scrutiny
under any circumstances. Rather, they provided for access to a
person's documents under appropriate judicial supervision, forbidding
unreasonable searches and seizures and requiring warrants and
subpoenas. The same kind of balancing, an approach that protects both
anonymity and accountability, should govern our approach to electronic
Those are some of the challenges we will face. The Department of
Justice has been taking some steps to help us prepare for these
challenges, drawing on the expertise we have had in dealing with other
computer crimes such as hacking.
The first lesson that we have learned is the need for extensive
training. To fight computer crime, agents and prosecutors must
understand computer and telecommunications technology, and be
dedicated full time to this complex area of law. The FBI has now
created three computer crime squads, in Washington, San Francisco and
New York City. The Secret Service also has agents trained to deal with
electronic crimes against financial institutions. The expertise of
these agents will be a crucial asset in fighting abuses of electronic
Successful investigation of high-technology crime also requires the
participation of technically literate prosecutors. In 1991, the
Criminal Division of the Department of Justice created what is now the
Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section, which we have
recently doubled in size. And we have set up, with the cooperation and
support of our U.S. attorneys nationwide, a network of prosecutors who
have been specially trained to serve as Computer and
Telecommunications Coordinators. These "CTCs," as they are known,
presently serve as resident experts on computer crime issues.
But to be successful in combating money laundering or any other form
of electronic crime, an international response is absolutely
necessary. Many of the crimes of the future will not be hampered by
international boundaries, because electronic funds need not be
physically transferred; they can be instantaneously and covertly
shipped via telephone and data networks.
Because computer criminals often are not in the same country as the
electronic funds that they are stealing, passports and other existing
international controls are of limited use in identifying and
apprehending them. Thus, a concerted international effort will be
necessary to ensure that electronic commerce criminals cannot take
advantage of weak laws in one country to commit crimes with impunity
in the United States.
We are making great progress in this effort. We have already had
several instances of international cooperation leading to the arrest
of overseas hackers who have broken into U.S. computers, and we are
working in a number of international forums to institutionalize that
cooperation and to seek coherent rules and policies that will enable
us to prevent abuses of electronic commerce.
In addition to working with other governments, we will have to work
with industry. The issue of encryption is particularly prominent now.
Without strong encryption, successful electronic commerce is probably
a fantasy. But encryption that is too strong -- that cannot be broken
when appropriate -- risks terrible and irrevocable damage to law
enforcement capabilities that are critical to our ability to protect
us all. Our goal is to encourage the use of strong encryption to
protect privacy and commerce, but in a way that preserves law
enforcement's ability to protect public safety. We're not looking to
expand what we can do now, just to preserve this ability against the
threat of unbreakable encryption. Our goal is confidentiality --
protecting the privacy of individual communications while preserving
our present ability under the law to obtain this information when we
need it.
Similarly, in electronic commerce, we want to work with industry to
ensure that the needs of law enforcement are met without either
stifling the development of a vibrant new technology or compromising
individual rights. We believe that the electronic commerce industry
should incorporate certain features into the designs of their smart
cards systems, features that we consider necessary to avoid abuses in
this area. We don't want to dictate how these features are designed,
but there are certain reasonable elements that industry should build
into its systems.
First, a transaction using a digital purchasing system should generate
and safely store records similar to those of credit cards whenever a
cardholder makes a purchase or transfer that exceeds a designated
size. In this regard, we must again emphasize that we are not seeking
to give government any new authority, merely to ensure that we can get
information when we are authorized to do so. Second, electronic
commerce systems should be designed to maintain sensible limits on the
amount of value that may be stored or transferred on a single smart
card or personal computer. Few people carry tens of thousands of
dollars in cash on their persons; permitting "smart cards" of such
value would greatly increase the opportunities for fraud. Finally, and
for obvious reasons, we must encourage the major smart card system
providers to use responsible financial entities as the primary outlets
for their cards.
Our last challenge is to update laws that might otherwise become
outdated. At present it is not clear whether our existing laws are
adequate to deter and punish electronic commerce abuses. Since
Congress did not and could not have foreseen the current electronic
commerce revolution, law enforcement authorities must be prepared, at
least at first, to combat these abuses through existing criminal
statutes that are not perfectly adapted to the problem.
We do not want to create new laws for their own sake, and certainly
not without understanding the effects that they would have on a
vibrant new industry. On the other hand, if we find that the law
enforcement problems presented by electronic commerce are outstripping
our ability to deal with them, changes in our legal structure may be
The challenges faced by law enforcement in electronic commerce will be
enormous. We have already begun to prepare for some of these
challenges, but we realize that we have much more to do. With
training, technological understanding, international cooperation,
diligent law enforcement, and the cooperation of industry, we will
meet these challenges.
(Mr. Litt, a deputy assistant attorney general, is President Clinton's
nominee to head the Justice Department's Criminal Division. The
article was adapted from his Oct. 28 speech to the American Bar
Association and the American Bankers Association in Washington. It is
in the public domain and may be reprinted without permission.)
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-13 06:47:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "Perceptions and Misperceptions of Privacy on the Net" 
X-Sender: oldbear
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: The Old Bear                   The George Washington University
             School of Engineering and Applied Science
                    Cyberspace Policy Institute
                    FREE AND OPEN TO THE PUBLIC
                Tuesday, November 19, 1996 4-6 p.m.
      Room 410 Marvin Center, 21st & H St. NW, Washington, DC
       "PERCEPTIONS AND MISPERCEPTIONS OF PRIVACY ON THE NET"
                             Speaker:
          Steven Emmert, Corporate Counsel for Lexis-Nexis
                          Commentators:
   William W. Burrington, Assistant General Counsel, America Online
  Deidre Mulligan, Staff Counsel, Center for Democracy and Technology
   Privacy norms, regulations, and laws have been developed over the
years, in balance with norms, regulations and laws governing access to
government information and open meetings. The advent of widespread
Internet use has called into question some previously unchallenged uses
of information, reopened discussion on some problems once thought
resolved, and raised new questions which have never been addressed.
In addition to the commercial players involved, individuals, in greater
numbers than at any time in the past, have joined these discussions
about the proper uses of information.
   LEXIS-NEXIS recently experienced this increased individual
participation first hand following the release of a commercial product,
P-TRAK. This product, which makes limited information about individuals
available to LEXIS-NEXIS' subscribers (typically law firms, Fortune 1000
corporations, and government agencies including federal law enforcement
agencies) became the centerpiece of an Internet controversy about privacy.
Information and misinformation about P-TRAK was widely disseminated on
the Internet (and still is) and in the mainstream media.
   In response to this controversy, the Congress directed the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System, in consultation with the
Federal Trade Commission, to conduct a study of whether organizations
which are not subject to the Fair Credit Reporting Act are engaged in the
business of making sensitive consumer identification information available
to the general public. Senators Bryan, Pressler, and Hollings have
requested "that the FTC conduct a study of possible violations of consumer
privacy rights by companies that operate computer data bases."
   As these studies proceed it will be important for all concerned

@_date: 1996-11-13 08:43:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Question on non-repudiation 
X-Sender: field
Sender: owner-set-talk
Precedence: bulk
Addressed to: set-discuss
   As chair of the ABA's Electronic Commerce Payment Committee and a member
of the drafting team for its Digital Signature Guidelines, I suppose I am
one of the people expected to "solve" the non-repudiation problem through
legal means.
   Notwithstanding any technical or procedural proofs, there is no absolute
non-repudiation, as a legal matter, unless a statute is enacted to that
effect.  For consumers in the U.S., there is no indication that this will
happen.  The applicable laws governing credit cards and the consumer use of
debit cards specify that the customer can repudiate any unauthorized
transaction, and that it is left to his bank/issuer to prove that the
transaction was actually performed by that customer or under his authority.
Even if technical means are used to ensure that the customer will always
retain solitary access control to the account (by biometric means, for
example), he can still claim coercion, error with respect to legal capacity,
etc.  Where software-based keys are used to confirm identity and/or
authority to enter into a transaction, there are additional risks of error
or fraud associated with initially obtaining a key and tying it to an
identity, as well as the ongoing association between the key and the
identity and/or authority.
   In these cases some third party ("trusted" CA, etc.) could step in and
contractually agree to bear all risk of customer repudiation, but given the
relatively low value of the average transaction that would be unlikely.
Additionally, in some countries laws may shift the risk of loss absolutely
to the customer or otherwise prevent him from repudiating a transaction.  To
some degree, this is the direction taken in the U.S. laws governing
commercial wire transfers.  If there are any countries contemplating the
enactment of laws that would absolutely bind a person whenever his private
key has been used, I would be most interested in hearing about them.
   - Richard Field

@_date: 1996-11-13 15:01:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial Cryptography and the Theory of International Relations 
Somebody asked me, regarding my posting here of the Digital Commerce
Society of Boston meeting announcement (DCSB: Money Laundering -- The
Headless Horseman of the Infocalypse):
People like the attorney "Black Unicorn" are interested in the
international application of the technology of strong cryptography; in
particular, strong financial cryptography. See ,
for pointers to more information on this, which I include here by reference.
The short answer is, what happens if nation states can't fund themselves
anymore because the cheapest transaction method available (cheaper by
several orders of magnitude in lowered transaction and distribution costs)
involves anonymous digital "cash" settlement?  To quote something someone
said in a Harvard Law seminar list a couple of years ago, "What happens
when taxes become a tip?".
The strongest financial cryptography protocols (like those invented by
David Chaum of Digicash, or Mark Manasse of DEC, or Adi Shamir of RSA) use
no book-entries whatsoever, which means no audit trails, which in turn
means no book-entry taxes, like, say, those on income, or capital gains, or
In addition, what happens when we can effect the sale of financial assets
with the digital equivalent of old-fashioned bearer certificates, which use
the same cryptographic technology? The centralization of capital markets
may become a thing of the past. Centralized markets for *anything* may
become a thing of the past.  The nation-state's ability to reallocate
income, criminally, ala Amin or Mobutu, or otherwise, is severely limited
in this scenario, certainly. :-).
With anonymous voting protocols, you can have anonymous (or, more
correctly, perfectly pseudonymous) control of financial assets. Possible
damage to one's reputation (pseudonymous or not) works just fine to prevent
the non-repudiation of cash-settled transactions, so the power of nation
states aren't even necessary to regulate commerce, really. The only thing
left that nation states do is physical security, or the "rational"
application of force, which can probably be handled privately, particularly
if nation states can't command the payment of taxes for this service anyway.
Which brings me to the current discussion here about the imploding
pseudo-states of Africa. What we're witnessing right now is the
re-emergence of tribal groups as the common political denominator. Nation
states based on those groups are likely. However, I also expect that this
process of literal dis-integration will continue, but recursively, as it
becomes more and more possible for ordinary people to use information (like
asset pricing, the returns on those assets, or the technical knowlege to
profitably control those assets) once only found at the top of large
industrial hierarchies like multinatioal corporations and nation states.
That information will be applied to smaller and smaller economic units as
processor prices continue to fall.
That is, large groups of the same ethnic nationality will be created on the
rubble of the old colonial boundries, which the cold war propped up for the
last 50 years. However, those large groups will continue to factionalize as
access to western-style economic activity increases. The continuing
ubiquity of the internet can only increase this process, especially if the
promise of financial cryptography survives the test of economic reality.
I expect that as financial technology like the above is introduced, the
ability of political and business elites to hold together large
hierarchical entities, like the modern nation-state or multinational
corporation, will continue to deminish. The ability for anyone to get paid
for their work, no matter where they are, and to work where they live,
probably in a peer-to-peer economic relationship with the buyer of their
work, who may well live on the other side of the world, will create much
less reliance on geography as capital, which were the hallmarks both
agrarianism and industrialism. Both of which, by the way, created cities,
and then the nation state, in the first place.
Whew. Clear as mud. Oh, well. Besides stirring things up more than a little
bit, does that answer your question?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-13 20:22:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: 
This is getting rather poetic.
Vitriol haiku...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-13 20:30:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PGP3.0 & ElGamal 
Speaking of patent-free, :-), can you do blind signatures without RSA?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-15 13:43:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Internet banking: more on Mbanx 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Enzo Michelangeli Precedence: Bulk
People outside of the US may be interested to know that there is a small,
fully legal, free browser with 128-bit SSL security: it's called
WorkHorse, and is available with ftp from ftp.mkt.co.uk (that must have
got a 110 bps feed, if the connection speed is of any indication). The
link inside Banknet's home page, at  seems to be
wrong and anyway most browsers time out before getting connected.
WorkHorse's interface is pretty ugly and the rendition is buggy, but the
SSL connection does work: I got through mbanx's "Sign in" link
at  , whereas MSIE and NS3 were
kicked out due to their 40-bit RC4 limit.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-18 06:06:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97 Final Call for Papers 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: R.Hirschfeld
Precedence: Bulk
General Information:
Financial Cryptography '97 (FC97) is a new conference on the security
of digital financial transactions.  The first meeting will be held on
the island of Anguilla in the British West Indies on February 24-28,
1997.  FC97 aims to bring together persons involved in both the
financial and data security fields to foster cooperation and exchange
of ideas.
Original papers are solicited on all aspects of financial data
security and digital commerce in general, including
    Anonymous Payments                      Fungibility
    Authentication                          Home Banking
    Communication Security                  Identification
    Conditional Access                      Implementations
    Copyright Protection                    Loss Tolerance
    Credit/Debit Cards                      Loyalty Mechanisms
    Currency Exchange                       Legal Aspects
    Digital Cash                            Micropayments
    Digital Receipts                        Network Payments
    Digital Signatures                      Privacy Issues
    Economic Implications                   Regulatory Issues
    Electronic Funds Transfer               Smart Cards
    Electronic Purses                       Standards
    Electronic Voting                       Tamper Resistance
    Electronic Wallets                      Transferability
Instructions for Authors:
Send a cover letter and 9 copies of an extended abstract to be
received by November 29, 1996 to the Program Chair at the address
given below.
The extended abstract should start with the title and an abstract
followed by a succinct statement appropriate for a non-specialist
reader specifying the subject addressed, its background, the main
achievements, and their significance to financial data security.
Submissions are limited to 15 single-spaced pages of 12pt type.
Notification of acceptance or rejection will be sent to authors no
later than January 17, 1997.
Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their paper will
be presented at the conference.
Proceedings of the conference will be published online in the Journal
of Internet Banking and Commerce.  Instructions and deadlines for
submission of final papers will be sent along with notification of
A very limited number of stipends may be available to those unable to
obtain funding to attend the conference.  Students whose papers are
accepted and who will present the paper themselves are encouraged to
apply if such assistance is needed.  Requests for stipends should be
addressed to one of the General Chairs.
Conference registration and information on travel, hotels, and
Anguilla itself is available at URL A workshop, intended for anyone with commercial software development
experience who wants hands-on familiarity with the issues and
technology of financial cryptography, is planned in conjunction with
FC97, to be held during the week preceding the conference.  For
further information, please contact one of the General Chairs.
Send Submissions to:
Rafael Hirschfeld
FC97 Program Chair
Kruislaan 413
1098 SJ Amsterdam
The Netherlands
email: ray
phone: +31 20 592 4169
fax: +31 20 592 4199
Program Committee:
Matthew Franklin, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA
Michael Froomkin, U. Miami School of Law, Coral Gables, FL, USA
Rafael Hirschfeld, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Arjen Lenstra, Citibank, New York, NY, USA
Mark Manasse, Digital Equipment Corporation, Palo Alto, CA, USA
Kevin McCurley, Sandia Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM, USA
Charles Merrill, McCarter & English, Newark, NJ, USA
Clifford Neuman, Information Sciences Institute, Marina del Rey, CA, USA
Sholom Rosen, Citibank, New York, NY, USA
Israel Sendrovic, Federal Reserve Bank of New York, New York, NY, USA
General Chairs:
Robert Hettinga, Shipwright, Boston, MA, USA
   email: rah
Vincent Cate, Offshore Information Services, Anguilla, BWI
   email: vince
Conference, Exhibits, and Sponsorship Manager:
Julie Rackliffe, Boston, MA, USA
   email: rackliffe
Workshop Leader:
Ian Goldberg, Berkeley, CA, USA
   email: iang
Financial Cryptography '97 is held in cooperation with the
International Association for Cryptologic Research.
Those interested in becoming a sponsor of FC97 or in purchasing
exhibit space, please contact the Exhibits and Sponsorship Manager.
A copy of this call for papers as well as other information about the
conference will be available at URL --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-19 06:45:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Nit: "Gronked " 
Nit: Gronk is actually the noise the dinosaur makes. If you will, saurian
ejaculata (the verbal kind, you pervert!). Thus, to be "gronked" could be
considered be to suffer the indignities of dinosaur breath. :-).
Something the people on this list, who are, er, on the cutting edge of
societal evolution, have no small experience with, as our latest experience
with Hewlett Packard shows...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-19 06:46:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Reputation distortions? 
But, what about reputation distortions?
There's the famous story about a guy presenting his discovery of the normal
distribution to a scientific society. Gauss was in the audience. He stood
up and said something like, "Oh. I figured that out years ago."
We now call it a "Gaussian" distribution, among other things.
If I remember the story correctly, Gauss never subsequently proved that he
discovered the normal distribution first, and he certainly never published
it at the time he said he discovered it.
Nobody remembers the name of the guy who was presenting the paper, though.
At least, I can't now. :-).
I'm not saying that Gauss *didn't* discover the normal distribution. I'm
saying that he didn't have to *prove* he did. Of course not. He was the
greatest mathematician of his time, and probably since.
I'd call the event a reputation distortion.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-19 10:06:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Monitor Radio Talks Crypto-FUD 
The FUDgine keeps rolling down the track...
Looks like Monitor Radio's promoting 56-bit encryption. Reporter's name is
Duncan Moon.
Quotes a guy quoting Blaze (not mentioning Matt). Calls 56 bit encryption
"puny in the future", but not now.
The article talks about hardware as giving keylength economic legs, with
some logic I can't quite fathom...
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-19 12:29:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cyber Power in Forbes 
Glad to know that St. Pete keeps his hand in...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-20 10:30:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: COMPUTER THEFT, LOW-TECH STYLE 
X-Sender: oldbear
COMPUTER THEFT, LOW-TECH STYLE
A thief broke into a Visa International data processing center
in California a couple of weeks ago and stole a personal computer
containing information on about 314,000 credit card accounts,
including Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and Diners
Club, says a Visa spokesman.
Some issuers, including Citibank, began calling customers last
week and have issued new cards.  Others are keeping quiet about
the event and monitoring accounts for unusual activity.
Authorities speculate that the perpetrator was stolen for the
resale value of the hardware, rather than the information it
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-20 14:08:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anon 
Actually, the "commerce pov" will probably be the one which kills all
arguments for anonymity. digital bearer certificates, like digital cash,
are always going to be cheaper than book entries.
Bearer certificates are the ultimate economic argument for anonymity. We
just couldn't implement them until Chaum figured out how.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-20 20:49:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anon 
^^^ Oops. Belay that. "against" goes here...
Sorry about that...
Emily Latella, RIP
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-20 20:53:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Why I Don't Read SF Much Anymore 
His, "Great Samolean Caper" for Time/Pathfinder was pure cryptoanarchy...
I don't know if it's still around though.
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-22 15:40:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Why I Don't Read SF Much Anymore 
I've got an offer of sending me an electronic copy in progress. I'll dump
it to thumper when I get it and blatantly violate a few copyrights when I
get it. :-).
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-22 16:10:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Why I Don't Read SF Much Anymore 
Looks like I don't have to do *that* anymore.
Thanks, Adam!
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-23 09:29:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The persistance of reputation 
Now you sound like Tim. :-). An end to this dicussion is just a killfile
away. Be my guest.
"C'mon, Kids! Be-LEIVE! Or Tinkerbell's gonna die!"
I agree to disagree. The "Big Lie" only works with mass media. On a
ubiquitous geodesic network, all such bets are off.
See above. When you have an avalanche of dissent from lots of different
voices, all with technically the same size "megaphone", it doesn't take a
new kind of reputation calculus (or even rocket science) to get the idea
that FUD by any other name stinks just the same...
You're citing mass media again. When you have quasimonopolistic control of
a monster-megaphone the truth tends to get drowned out, or at least
homogenized, in the same way that creationism gets homogenized with real
science for "equal time", say.
Again, you're using big-think here, invoking the power of large
hierarchically organized industrial institutions.
The world don't work that way anymore. Or it won't, soon enough.
Whew. Actually. You're proving my point. In a hierarchically organized
media structure, you get lots of feedback loops repeating the same old shit
over and over, all done in order to keep the channel full during the slack
periods. Let's take TWA 800 frendly fire story. It's been lurking in the
same loony.news and mail groups, and most people on the net think it's a
shit-story. However, Pierre Salanger gets wind of it, puts it into the ABC
evening news as gospel, and all the sudden it's a headline. The power of
the megaphone, all over again. They don't call 'em "gatekeepers" for
nothin', bunky.
Reputation is reputation, biometric or otherwise. On the net, your key is
who you are, no matter what your "True Name" is... Kind of like Turing(?)
test, only with reputation, I guess.
Okay. Then it should be trivial for you to tell me who "Pr0duct
Cypher"(sp?) is...
Have fun.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-23 10:48:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Star Trek: First Contact 
Lensmen of the world untie your bracelets! Free yourselves from your weevil
capitalist masters!
Known source of entropy, those fractals. ;-). Ah... DreckPhysics. Gotta
love it.
Hrm. Looks like they're ripping off Iain Banks too. :-). First Niven, now
Banks. Life is hard when you have to keep that production pipe full...
Funny, I didn't think they had nano in the 23rd century. Except for the
"Genesis Bomb". No, wait, that was matte painting, wasn't it?
Even Babylon 5, AKA "Science Fiction He Wrote", has a bigger clue.
Yes. I know. Resistance is futile. I've been assimilated. I'll go anyway...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-25 07:11:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Money Laundering -- The Headless Horseman of the Infocalypse 
BY SAFEMAIL-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                           "Black Unicorn"
                         "Money Laundering --
               The Headless Horseman of the Infocalypse"
                        Tuesday, December 3, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
S. L. vonBernhardt, , is an attorney, a member
of the board of directors of two European financial institutions, author
of "Practical and Legal Problems Confronting the Asset Concealer in
Relation to Offshore Financial and Corporate Entities" and a former
member of the intelligence community.  He is currently working to develop
and preserve institutions dedicated to traditional standards of financial
One of the most disturbing products of the "war on drugs" has been the
effective criminalization of many forms of formerly legal financial
transactions.  The resulting legislation places serious burdens on
financial institutions in the form of "due diligence" requirements, as
well as building what can be an inflexible barrier before those who would
implement uncompromised digital commerce systems.  Mr. vonBernhardt will
address the legislative burdens imposed on financial institutions, the
likely impact on future systems of digital commerce, potential solutions
through regulatory arbitrage, and the practical problems facing
jurisdictions seeking to enforce regulations in the face of advanced
systems of digital commerce.
No cameras, please.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, December 3, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, November 30, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
 January    Rodney Thayer    Applying PGP To Digital Commerce
 February   David Kaufman    1996 in Review / Predictions for 1997
 March      TBA
 April      Stewart Baker    Encryption Policy and Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you
want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
Version: 1.0b4 e22
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-25 13:39:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Anarcho-Science Fiction 
Yeah. What he said.
Unfortunately, I've had trouble sticking my tounge in my cheek far enough
for people to see it lately. My apologies.
Ditto. Again, I was trying so hard to be facile that I wasn't clear enough.
:-). For all the constraints of televised science fiction, I *really* like
JMS and B5. Especially compared to the pseudoscientific sugar-coated
totalitarian happy horseshit that passes for Star "Treck" these days. Much
less such scienceless silliness as the X-Files, or Lois and Clark.
However, at the risk of being forced into the trap of science fiction which
tells more about when it was written than the future, I find the
presentation in science fiction of faster-than-light travel, "alien" visits
or travel to "alien" cultures, time travel, prophecy, telepathy, (or any
other pseudomystical claptrap) to be extremely annoying. Almost as annoying
as "fantasy", which doesn't even belong near the science fiction bookrack
(how about the "romance novels" section? ;-)). Much less, a science fiction
bookstore. For instance, I think the concepts of faster-than-light travel
and anything beyond rudimentary interstellar radio reception of other
civilizations belongs in the era of the Lensman's "inertialess" drive. An
almost pretelegraphic, age-of-sail world view, developd when sea power was
still the dominant form of "projecting" force.
However, I do look forward to science fiction with cryptoanarchic
economies, and, interestingly enough, a solarcentric universe. People just
don't understand that we have a monsterous amount of undeveloped physical
resources in this solar system. I expect that when we actually look down
with any accuracy on the moon's poles, for instance, we'll find water
buried there ("where the sun don't shine" as a friend put it a few days
ago), just like it is on Murcury. The belt alone is big enough for us to
spread out into into it for the next, say, 7000 years. That's at the human
species' historic argicultural and industrial growth rates, the very same
"frighteningly asymtotic" growth rates that had the Club of Rome gibbering
hysterically in the early 70's. Before, of course, we came to our senses
and remembered that Malthus is still quite dead.
A central fact of human existance is that progress is always more
"geometric" than population growth. Every time we discover a way to extend
human life expectancy, the population grows until everyone goes through a
demographic transition and figures out they don't have to breed so much to
get the same rewards out of life anymore.
We're humans. We build stuff. We always find new resources, and we always
use them to our own advantage. So, what else is new? The extinction rates
that happen and the habitat modifications that humans *always* make when
they take over a new ecosystem have been with us ever since we had the
ability to kill at a distance and use fire. A very long time. Modern humans
grew up living on savannahs, so they cut or burn down forests so they can
hunt game or grow food. (Or suburban lawns, for that matter.) The
aborigines burned their habitat for 40,000 years. The American prairies
have evolved to burn, a process immesurably accellerated by the active
burning by 14,000 years of humans.
Fortunately, we're about to be confronted with our toughest resource
challenge yet. An "ecosystem", or more properly, a set of ecosystems, that
we're going to have to build ourselves, from scratch, outside the earth's
atmosphere, either free-floating in space, or on the surface of an
inhospitable planet. I used to think that that will mean that we would then
use the opportunity to "save" the rest of the species of this planet from
certain extinction. Earth as biopark. Now I see that kind of thinking is
pure romantic hogwash. We are not anti-nature. We *are* nature. We will do
what it takes for us to survive, like any other species. Earth will not be
"saved", it will continue to be modified to our own needs. Because, like
the metaphorical dog, we can.  :-).  We may not make the same
disaster of it that we made of the Tigris-Euphrates valleys or the
Southeastern Mediterranean, but the "conserving" nature is an oxymoron. Or
maybe even a tautology.
Anyway, this also means taking other species with us when we move off the
earth, and changing those species, and ourselves, to meet the physical
conditions of survival in a new paradigm of extraterrestrial resources. By
way of my own politically correct "reclaiming" of language, I mean
"extraterrestrial resources" literally, of course. Not "extraterrestrial"
as in ETs or BEM's, or LGM's or UFO's, or any other such "alien" bunk. I'm
carving my own crop circles into the landscape of pseudoscience, if you
will, ;-), and using "extraterrestrial" to mean just what it says: off the
Speaking of other "species", I now also see the technology of cryptofinance
to be integral to this next stage of human expansion. Centralized
industrial control regimes aren't suited to extremely decentralized
automated decisions, like the kind that could happen in a micromarket. I
think that eventually, the idea of micromoney as processor food will create
the economic efficiencies necessary to coordinate the very large
macroengineering projects that extraterrestrial existance will require. If
you can use cryptofinancial controls to organize a swarm of
habitat-building bots, then your structure appears to an observer like it's
building itself. The bots work because they're paid to. They "evolve" into
more efficient builders of stuff because they make more money when they do,
and they compete with each other to do it. By the same token, the money is
not raised by some kind of central financial "action-figure" like McNamara,
or William Sword, or J. Pierpont Morgan, (and especially not a World Bank
McNamara-mandarin) but by a swarm of millions (or billions) of finance-bots
of various kinds living throughout a geodesic economy looking for places to
park their excess cash.
Central project planning considers such competition wasteful, and the
paradox is that the Misian calculation argument holds for a manager of a
macroenterprise the same way it did for any Soviet Commisar. Sooner or
later, you can't figure it all out in enough detail to execute it, and
that's where the project stops. I think we'll step through this dilemma
into a world where everything is, as Kevin Kelly says, "Out of Control",
where stuff happens not because someone planned it down to the last detail,
but because, like the above dog, it can .
So, what does that mean in terms of science fiction? Well, certainly
Stevenson understands all this, only he's not as much of a space-opera
hound as I am.
Sterling's "Schismatrix" handles extraterrestrial society fairly well, but
it certainly is pre-cryptoanarchy. I didn't like "Islands in the Net" even
though it had the same theme of taking someone out of their mileu and
stopping time around them while the world passed them by. In IitN, the
heroine was being captured by guerillas, in Schmatrix, it was kidnapping
and putting people in suspended animation for a decade or two, just for
Frankly, protocrypto or no, Vinge strikes me as more than a little silly at
times, with stasis fields, and physical constants varying with your
distance from the galactic core, and talking dogs and all that other stuff.
Cherryh writes almost perfect space opera, among other things, and I see
her as a perfect decendant of Smith and Heinlein. People I think I now lump
in with Forrester's classic "Hornblower" novels.
I really like Ian Banks, but even his ideas and certainly his politics (and
not his story telling, of course) now pales in comparison to the stuff you
get from imagining the consequences of a geodesic economy.
Gibson now seems positively industrial, and even the Difference Engine
makes perfect sense when seen in this light...
One of the reasons I don't like science fiction anymore is that, like a lot
of people here have said about themselves, and for the first time in my
life, I'm out in front of the science fiction writers on something which is
so fundemental that, frankly, their stuff now makes me laugh. This from
someone who not too long ago read science fiction by the yard. I suppose
this will eventually make me want to evangelize stuff like cryptoanarchy,
financial cryptography, and micromoney mitochondria to science fiction
Or, maybe, just by shooting our mouths off here and by being archived doing
so, all of us already have done our evangelizing.
On the other hand, some day this stuff will be old hat, and I can go back
to buying science fiction by the yard to learn about new stuff.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-26 07:18:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Provably "Secure" Crypto (was: IPG Algorithm Broken!) 
"When the fabs cost $10 billion to build, all bets are off." ;-)
That's expected to happen in 10 years or so. Fab prices have been going up
by an order of magnitude every N years since the beginning of
semiconductors. Forbes did an article on this earlier this year, I think.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-26 17:05:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CHANGE: Visa-Free List - How to gain another nationality 
Reply-To: sanwar
Sender: NEW-LIST - New List Announcements Organization: BCL Immigration Services
   The VISA-FREE list has now had a change in address for all requests
   to the server.  Instead of it ending with pobox.com after the @ sign
   it will be majordomo.pobox.com.  Below are the new details for the
   list.
VISA-FREE on majordomo
Discussion of how to gain another nationality for visa-free travel
VISA-FREE an unmoderated discussion list covering the problems
associated with international travel.  In particular the issues
discussed will cover acquiring a different nationality to overcome
these problems.  VISA-FREE is open to anyone wanting more information
on visa-free travel, or with useful tips about gaining another
nationality quickly.  It is also open to specialists in nationality
Documentation covering the relevant laws of countries that grant their
citizenship quickly are archived at:
Also information covering problems that people have experienced when
using a new passport will be covered.   There are archives of many of
the digests at:
There will also be an e-journal called "THE VISA-FREE JOURNAL" sent to
subscribers.  Anyone wishing to write to the list-owner directly to
discuss relevant issues and who does not wish this circulated to the
list may do so. The address is s.riley  Please also state
whether you would mind if your comments are put into the journal.  The
list-owner will respect any requests for privacy.
*IMPORTANT: Anyone offering specialist assistance to VISA-FREE must
provide the list owner with the relevant laws applicable to any
citizenship programme offered, in the form of plain text to be
archived and made available to the list.  Also the legal basis of any
programme must be fully verified with the list owner before permission
is granted for circulation to the list.  This is to safeguard the
integrity of the list.  Permission will not be unreasonably withheld
from such people.  same time the list -owner reserves the right
to exclude those people who do not adhere to the purpose of the list,
engage in unnecessary flaming or offer services of a dubious nature.*
To subscribe to VISA-FREE, please send the message:
             SUBSCRIBE VISA-FREE           (without your name!)
                           or for the digest
             SUBSCRIBE VISA-FREE-DIGEST
to majordomo
To send messages to the full list use  visa-free
For messages to the list owner use  s.riley
Home Page: Owner:  Sam Riley (AKA "Sanwar Ali")  s.riley
The list-owner's public key is:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
                                 -------
Use this information at your own risk.  For more information and disclaimer
send E-mail to LISTSERV with the command  INFO NEW-LIST
in the body.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-27 13:49:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Winn Sings on NPR 
As I write this, Winn Schwartau and a guy from RAND are riffing (at great
length) on NPR about InfoWar FUD.
I love it when that cash register rings...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-11-27 18:12:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Issuers of E-money 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: a9050756 (Mike Alexander)
I'd like to compile a current list of actual Internet-based E-money issuers
wich technology they are using; pls. mail me any additions to the list from
Cybercash homepage below. I will then post the complete list back here if
long enough.  (info on trials is OK also) THX
American Heritage Bankcard
Banque SOFINCO
BayBanks Credit Corporation
Boatmen's Credit Card Bank
Busey Bank
Chittenden Bank
Compass Bank
First Bank of Beverly Hills
Bank of Hawaii
First Bankcard Center
First Hawaiian Bank
First National Bank of Omaha
First Union Corporation
First USA Paymentech
Humboldt Bank
Huntington Bank
Michigan National Bank
National Bank of the Redwoods
PNC Bank
Silicon Valley Bank
SouthTrust Bank
Unified Merchant Services / Nationsbank
U.S. Bank
Vantage Services, Inc.
Wells Fargo Bank
Best Regards,
Michael Alexander
Doctoral Student at the University of Vienna
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3i
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-03 07:38:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Modulating the FM noise spectrum considered infeasible 
^^^^^^^
I've found that my Johnson only makes noise with the proper, er,
peripheral, though...
Bob Hettinga
(whose .sig seems quite appropriate to cypherpunks today...)
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-05 14:04:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: New DCSB list for announcements 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Rich Lethin By request, I've created a new DCSB mailing list,
which will be for DCSB-related announcements, only.  The ability to
post to the list will be restricted by Majordomo.  Subscriptions are
for folks who can't/don't/won't paw through the talk on the normal
DCSB mailing list and digest, but would like to hear about upcoming
Because the lunch announcements will be sent to both the dcsb-announce
and dcsb lists, there's no need to be on both.
To subscribe, send an email
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-06 14:00:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Aghast.. 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Will Rodger Precedence: Bulk
Folks - just for the record - the Freeh summary was a CLEAR typo, or at
least vague in its meaning. Someone meant to say Freeh thought it was an
*alienable* right. So much for cute phraseology.
Then again, anyone familiar with the numerous pieces we've run on crypto
would likely have guessed at our meaning. Sen. Conrad Burns, after all, was
 on our list.
And yes, my face is at least as my hair, right now.......
Will Rodger
Washington Bureau Chief
Inter Week
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-11 06:22:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Applying PGP To Digital Commerce 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                           Rodney Thayer
                   Sable Technology Corporation
                  "Applying PGP To Digital Commerce"
                        Tuesday, January 7, 1996
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Rodney Thayer has 20 years experience in the software development business.
For the past 10 years he has been designing, implementing, deploying, and
troubleshooting networking software.  He currently is the Principal of a
consulting firm based in Newton, Massachusetts where he is involved in the
implementation of communications products for a variety of customers,
including software vendors, major end-user organizations, and several
governmental organizations both foreign and domestic.  He also writes and
lectures on the deployment, troubleshooting, and implementation of data
communications networks.
Mr. Thayer  will talk about how PGP can be used in the business world
today, for exchange of information, digitally identifying documents, and
other commerce applications.  In this presentation, we will discuss the
application of PGP, including mechanics, the cryptographic and legal
issues, and the infrastructure requirements for it's use.
The state of the art in digital message encryption is now at the point
where it has become practical to use encrypted and digitally signed
email for digital commerce.  Recently, one scheme, PGP, has emerged
from the realm of the cyberpunk as a legitimate tool for business.
Commercial products are now available that support PGP encryption in
electronic mail and for documents and digital storage.
PGP is no longer a cult tool for computer junkies and cyberpunks.  It
is a legitimate, sound cryptographic technology that can be used,
today, for digital commerce.  As an increasingly crypto-aware business
community searches for solutions, the question of how to use message
encryption tools such as PGP becomes germaine to the business community.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, January 7, 1996 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, January 4, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
 February   David Kaufman    1996 in Review / Predictions for 1997
 March      TBA
 April      Stewart Baker    Encryption Policy and Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you
want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
Version: 1.0b5 e29
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-11 17:19:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Call for papers :2nd Mac-Crypto Conference Mar 18-20, 1997 
Sender: mac-crypto
Reply-To: Vinnie Moscaritolo Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
Belive it or not we are going to do it again....
     The Membership of the Mac-Crypto List invites you to
                               The
                           Second-Ever-
                      Not Nearly-Last-Minute-
                     (most likely) Radar-Jammed
                     To-Hell-with-Forgiveness
                           Macintosh
                Cryptography and Internet Commerce
                 Software Development Workshop
                   (ex postcrypto postIdes of march)
                  Apple R&D Campus, Cupertino, CA, USA
If you would like to present a paper or give a talk,
 please contact Vinnie Moscaritolo at for more info on the damage we did last year check out
dont say I didnt warn ya..
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----BY SAFEMAIL-----
Version: 1.0b5 e29
-----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-11 20:16:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NEWS: Web Security Hole Revealed 
X-Sender: okeefe
BREAKING NEWS
For Release Thursday, December 12, 1996
MAJOR  WEB  SECURITY  FLAW  REVEALED
(New York) -- Edward Felten, head of Princeton University's
Safe Internet Programming Team (SIP), today revealed a
major security flaw in the Internet's World Wide Web.
Called "web spoofing," the breach allows any Internet
server to place itself between a user and the rest of the
web. In that middle position, the server may observe, steal
and alter any information passing between the unfortunate
browser and the web.
All major web browsers are vulnerable to web spoofing,
including Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet
Explorer. Using web spoofing, a person can acquire
passwords, credit card numbers, account numbers, and other
private information, even if transmitted over an apparently
secure connection.
The Boston Globe published an article about Felten's
findings in this morning's "Plugged In" column. The story
was written by Simson Garfinkel, technology columnist for
HotWired's "Packet" news service. The complete story can be
found at the following URL:
Felten will be demonstrating web spoofing TODAY, Thursday,
December 12, at the Internet World expo at the Jacob K.
Javits Convention Center in New York City. The
demonstration will be held at the Wiley Computer Publishing
Booth ( at 2:00 pm Eastern Time.
The web flaw is just the latest in a series of major
Internet security problems uncovered by Felten and his
team. Felten documents some of these problems in his new
book, "Java Security: Hostile Applets, Holes, and
Antidotes" to be published in January by Wiley Computer
Publishing. For an advance review copy of the book, simply
reply to this e-mail. For further information, please
Edward Felten: felten
(917) 972-3693 (cellular phone at Internet World)
(609) 258-5906 (Princeton University)
Jeffrey DeMarrais: jdemarra
Wiley Computer Publishing
(212) 850-6630 (review copies, interviews)
Java Security Web Site:
Safe Internet Programming Web Site:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-12 07:38:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Alegedly "Breaking News." 
X-Sender: simsong
Just for the record, my article doesn't say anything about this being a new
kind of attack. I wasn't pleased at all with Steve O'Keefe's press release
and I would really appreciate it if you published a correction or something
to cypherpunks...
LAST KNOWN LOCATION: ST. LOUIS, MO
Follow Simson's trip at Follow Simson's ramblings at --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-14 17:23:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ITARs effects 
Actually, it's my understanding that PRZ didn't do it personally. Someone
else got the code from Phil and put it on the net. Phil had nothing to do
with it. Except for writing PGP, of course. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-17 09:46:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: UPDATE: Financial Cryptography 1997 (FC97), Anguilla, BWI 
Financial Cryptography 1997 (FC97):
The world's first financial cryptography conference, workshop, and exhibition.
CONFERENCE UPDATE: December 13, 1997
(The Banker's Edition...)
FC97 is sponsored by:
The Journal for Internet Banking and Commerce
Offshore Information Services e$ FC97 Conference and Exhibition,
February 24-28, 1997
FC97 Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals
February 17-21, 1997
The Inter-Island Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
Conference Reservations: As previously announced, the world's  first peer-reviewed conference on
financial cryptography, FC97, will be held Monday through Friday,
February 24-28, 1997, from 8:30am until 12:30pm, at the Inter-Island
Hotel on the Carribbean island of Anguilla.
In conjunction with the conference, the Inter-Island Hotel will also be
the site of an intensive 40-hour workshop for senior managers and IS
professionals during the week preceding the conference (February 17-21),
and an exhibition for financial cryptography vendors, from 10am-6pm
during the week of the conference itself.
The goals of the combined conference, workshop, and exhibition are:

@_date: 1996-12-27 06:24:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Forged addresses 
Precedence: Bulk
Reply-To: listmom-talk
Actually, a two-level beast. *All* lists become moderated. Every
posting that's not from a validated moderator therefore goes to the
moderator for approval. If someone on the list wants to post without
delays, they can become moderated, thereby becoming a "moderator".
Users don't have to -- but put up with posting delays until the
moderator comes into the loop.
It's somewhat more work for me as moderator. It's a significantly
reduced noise level for the list. It forces a positive acceptance of
the list rules before someone can post to the list, so this "stupidity
by ignorance" goes away -- it also stops the subscribe-and-spam hit and
runs, of which I've been nailed by two this month (those are new.
Spammers traditionally haven't been smart enough to subscribe, so the
non-subscriber limitation has nuked them. These two subscribed, then
one set up an auto-bot on his address to respond to every bloody
message on the lists with his ad -- to the list. 90 messages later...
The other guy just subscribed and started blatting. Both, once I had
chats with their postmasters and webmasters, found themselves no longer
with email or web addresses, but...)
It has, literally, gotten to the point where I can no longer assume
that someone can:
a) type in their email address correctly.
b) read instructions.
c) follow instructions.
d) behave.
so I'm having to revamp my systems to protect them from this new
class(es) of internet user. The days of laissez-faire administration
are dead. The braindead, the novice blunderer and the spammer have
killed them.
Sad but true.
So to cut out the Spammers and the folks who have no clue what their
email is, my systems will be going to the
confirmation-reply-before-subscribe setup. The bogus addresses will
bounce before subscription, and the spammers will only be able to send
them single pieces of e-mail, not sign them up. It's *more* hassle for
end-users and reduces ease of use, but sometimes, you have to make
things a little tougher for the good of everyone. You can make things
too easy, and unfortunately, things are too easy for the spammers, so
everyone has to suffer a little bit to put THOSE idiots back in the
sewer (while I was gone, there was a major spam attack using
plaidworks, to the tune of about 25 addresses. Fairly sophisticated in
some ways, but mostly, they knew when I wasn't looking and got around
my traps. We're backtracking them as we speak, but in one case, they
seem to have broken into a machine to send the spam attack, so it'll be
And to cut out the babblers and other idiots who don't believe they
need to behave, be polite, follow rules or whatever, I'm going to make
all lists moderated, and then extend moderation priviledges to the
"trusted" set of users. That's one way of pulling this off without
having to rewrite the list servers, as long as they support multiple
Oh, and on the topic of spammers, here's a warning: some of the
spammers seem to have a new, amusing hack: they're forging email aimed
at MAILBOTS (like info -- and doesn't just about *every*
site have at least one mailbot these days?) such that the bot responds
to the person being spammed. This one's fairly noxious, because there's
no subscription or anything, and generally no address validation (how
can you validate addresses coming to a mailbot? Um, you can't,
basically), and I don't know about you, but I don't log mailbot
requests. Well, I will starting tomorrow...
Anyway -- if you have mailbots, be aware that people might be starting
to use them as attacks, also. It requires more work from them, given
that mailbots only send one message per incoming, but if you can build
a script that sends mail to 1,000 sites and their info@ address, I'm
not sure the person being spammed will realize that it could have been
And suggestions on how to continue to make mailbots available AND make
them reasonably safe encouraged. Logging incoming so you can backtrack
headers and try to nail the spammer is at least one way to keep it
relatively honest, but I'd rather stop it than patch it together again.
That gets tired...
           Chuq Von Rospach (chuq Software Gnome
       Apple Server Marketing Webmaster  Plaidworks Consulting (chuqui    ( +-+ The home for Hockey on the net)
I got no name or number/ I just hand out the lumber.
But if I get a chance to play/ I'm going to show 'em.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-27 06:26:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Forged addresses 
Precedence: Bulk
Reply-To: listmom-talk
well, *that* sounds familiar. Same time, same size... do any of these
sites sound familiar? isp-inter.net? softcell.net? superhot.com?
mid-night.com? strutyourstuff.com?
I'll bet they do... A lot of what got spammed onto my sites were
various forms of internet commerce (superhot.com is net-porn-chat or
some such, at least two of the others are unsolicited email houses.
strutyourstuff is a pretty noxious one, from what little I saw of what
they're doing. A pox on all their houses, so to speak, but don't do it
with my server, dammit...)
But that wasn't it. Someone got mad at the cypherpunks, and spammed
their list. And for some godawful reason, the webcrawler admin lists.
Someone -- possibly two someones -- were making some interesting
political statements....
This christmas eve spam was pretty well planned. It seems to have been
exceptionally widespread, aimed at some segments of the internet
certain high-and-righteous types find unacceptable, and issued at a
time when it was pretty much guaranteed nobody was watching the servers
too closely. And it seems pretty widespread in the number of servers
hooked into the spam.
Well, if I were trying to build lists of places to send spam mail from,
this is one place I'd watch. That's why, if you don't mind, I won't go
into details about my anti-spamming traps in public here. Except in
generalities. I've learned to just assume that they're watching. Of
course, with any luck they'll figure out I have full logging of the
information needed to catch spammers, too, and not take chances with
me, because I don't take prisoners...
Oh, heck. Gotta run. As I type, the cyberpromo folks are trying to log
onto my lists again and setting off my alarms.
Oh, before I go, a note on those folks. Make sure that under no
circumstances you allow any addresses from:
onto your lists. These are folks that will happily sign onto your
lists, suck the addresses of people posting to your lists, and add them
to their cyberspam mass mailings. These are also the folks AOL's been
fighting in court. No ethics, and don't even bother trying to talk to
them. Just keep them out. They may be using a third domain these days,
but I've caught them sneaking onto lists from various accounts in both
domains. Just lock the entire puppy out. That way, they can't spam your
lists, and can't suck your lists out and spam them away from your
server. You *do* have subscriber lists kept private on your server,
right? Nobody can get them, right?
           Chuq Von Rospach (chuq Software Gnome
       Apple Server Marketing Webmaster  Plaidworks Consulting (chuqui    ( +-+ The home for Hockey on the net)
I got no name or number/ I just hand out the lumber.
But if I get a chance to play/ I'm going to show 'em.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-27 18:27:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FYI Unamailer 
Precedence: Bulk
Reply-To: listmom-talk
Reply-To: brock
CyberWire Dispatch / Copyright (c)1996/ December 26, 1996 /
Jacking in from the "Spam in the Stocking" Port:
Unamailer Delivers Christmas Grief
by Lewis Z. Koch
Special to CyberWire Dispatch
"johnny xchaotic," also known as the "Unamailer," is back, and
twenty-one individuals -- many of whom are deeply involved in the
Internet ---journalists, the heads of computer companies such as
Mircrosoft, politicians, and religious figures -- received a "denial
service" Christmas present they wished they didn't have.
johnny, and possible friends of johnny, effectively halted these
individuals' ability to send and receive E-mail, a denial of service
attack which may take days to restore.
Among those hit were prominent journalists including magazine
joel snyder, because, in xchaotic's words,"your last article in
'Internet World' places all the blame of my actions on an innocent
person."  Also hit was the magazine's editor Michael Neubarth because
his failure to "apologize" for what were termed journalistic errors.''
Political figures, such as former Presidential candidate Pat Buchanan
and U.S. Senate wannabe David Duke, also were targets.  Religious
figures such as Pat Robertson and Billy Graham were subject to e-mail
bombings, as were members of the Church of Scientology and members of
the KKK.
Mircosoft's Billl Gates, several people from the cable channel MTV
were among those apparently attacked.  Others hit include Carolyn
who operates a "Happy Hacker" mailing list, the Klu Klux Klan, MTV and
the Nazi party.
All told, 21  individuals were hit, some, like Gates for the second
time.  This is the second time in six months that the work of one or
more individuals has exploited relatively simple vulnerabilities in
Internet e-mail lists.
The first attack, in August, targeted more than 40 individuals,
including Bill Clinton and Newt Gingrich and brought a torrent of
complaints from the people who found their names sent as subscribers
some 3,000 E- mail lists. By comparison to the Christmas attack, even
that relatively modest attack sent enough e-mail to the targeted
recipients that it effectively halted their computers' ability to
process the messages.
This attack is estimated to involve 10,139 listservs groups,  3 times
greater than the one that took place in the summer, also at xchaotic's
instigation. If each mailing list in this attack sent the targeted
individuals just a modest 10 letters to the subscribers' computer
individuals would receive more than 100,000 messages. If each listing
system sent 100 messages -- and many do -- then the total messages
tally 1,000,000.
Once again, johnny xchaotic has offered an "open letter," given to
reporter before it was scheduled to be posted throughout the Internet,
as a way to explain the reasons behind the attack. He also taunted the
FBI, telling the agency not to "waste tax dollars trying to track me"
because "there are a lot more dangerous people out there you should be
concentrating on."  (The complete letter will be released shortly to
Net by johnny.)
The open letter, and the information outlining the e-mail blast, were
give to this reporter as the "attack" was concluding. The attack began
the evening of December 24 just before midnight and took four hours,
eight minutes and twenty-nine seconds.
"They [listserv-based mailing lists] could stop this kind of attack
tomorrow," one source close to johnny said, "if they only took the
simplest of precautions --like authentication."    Authentication is a
means by which the listing system, instead of agreeing to the
''subscription'' and then automatically forwarding tens or hundreds of
letters to the subscriber, would first ask if the person really wanted
to subscribe. This ''verification'' could come as an electronic mail
message to the subscriber asking for confirmation.
If this process had been in place, someone subject to an E-mail denial
of service attack would only receive one letter from each list-- that
one being the authentication confirmation query -- do you really want
this E-mail -- before sending on 10 or 100 messages.
"They're either too lazy or too dumb to do that -- so they have to pay
price," this source said, indicating that the attacks would continue
until the administrators "get it right," indicating that johnny and
friends want to pressure administrators into authentication.
In these kinds of instances, individuals who have been hit wind up
quickly canceling their e-mail accounts, thus passing the
for canceling the "subscription" back to the list administrator. Many
suspect the authentication-confirmation process is viewed by listserv
systems administrators as an inconvenience and confusing to the
subscriber and  so, they just avoid it.
The attack, however, may be a violation of federal law, punishable by
to  five years in prison, or $250,000.00 in fines or both.  While
are techniques for tracing this kind of attack when there is advance
warning, knowledgeable sources say that this kind of attack is very
difficult to trace once the attack has occurred.
johnny xchaotic has been labeled a 'Net terrorist,' which, according
some, debases the meaning of the word "terrorism."  No one knows who
johnny is.  He was misidentified earlier by Internet Underground
magazine as a well known hacker who calls himself "se7en." This
identification proved false.
One person close to "johnny xchaotic" said the FBI and Secret Service
had been contacted about the illegality of this kind of hack but said
they had no interest in this kind of "Net" attack.  "We have bigger
to fry," was the response from law enforcement officials, according to
this person.  This attitude was confirmed by a former federal
who said the few federal investigators who understood computers and
Internet were stretched thin in their attempts to apprehend serious
cyber-criminals, or to pursue high profile but relatively unimportant
cases against hackers such as Kevin Mitnick. There has been a tendency
on the part of law enforcement and the media to grossly overestimate
monetary damage caused by hackers.
"johnny"  and those close to him made it clear that there would be a
continuation of these kinds of email "denial of service" attacks.
These same sources say those few Federal investigators with the Secret
Service and the FBI who are computer literate and savvy about hacking
are stretched thin in attempts to solve serious multimillion dollar
computer crimes, the vast majority of which are committed by insiders
against the companies they work for.
It is far easier, these sources say, to track down, arrest and jail
16-year-old hackers who brag about their exploits to friends and
hackers than to track down a true professional computer cracker on
assignment from one company to search and steal the files of a
competitor company. While it may take up to three years to investigate
and prosecute one important computer thievery case, teenage hackers
be arrested every few months, thus improving the "stats" by which the
FBI and other agencies make their mark and their budgets.
This repeated E-mail denial of service attack will be sure to reignite
the debate about the "moral" issues surrounding hackers and hacking.
What may be ignored -- again --is the failure to rectify the problem
after the first attack back in August. Immediately following the first
E-mail bombing attack, the Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) was
quick to tell the media that while they had no "solution," they had
"hopes" they would be able to "limit the impact" of these kinds of
attacks.  Today's three-fold attack showed that a six month period of
study  "hoping to limit the impact" has been futile.
Vital communications do not appear to have been slowed down.  The
is a major "inconvenience" to be sure.  Others argue that
is the only true victim of this attack.
The temporary inconvenience caused by a few days loss of E-mail
privileges might seem to pale in significance with those who were
and maimed by the  terrorists' bombing of  the Federal Building, in
Oklahoma City, or at the World Trade Center in New York, or in Atlanta
at the 96 Olympics, or those who opened packages from the Unibomber
were killed.
Prominent government officials like U.S. Deputy Attorney General Jamie
Gorelick have called for the development of the equivalent of a
"Manhattan project" to stop hackers, though the specifics of what kind
of "bomb" Gorelick would develop and on whom she would drop "the bomb"
are vague.
Unsafe at Any Modem Speed
On December 16, a computer attack against WebCom knocked out more than
3,000 Web sites for 40 hours, curtailing Website shopping.  The attack
--a "SYN-flood" -- sent as many as 200 messages a second against the
WebCom host computer. This was the same kind of attack that brought
the popular New York Internet provider Panix for more than a week in
While Seattle computer security consultant Joel McNamara is
toward WebCom's users problems, he allows less leeway to the company.
"The SYN-flood denial of service attack has been known for months, and
there are a variety of solutions for addressing it," McNamara said, "I
be curious as to what, if any, security measures WebCom, a large
provider, had in place to deal with a well-known SYN-flood attack. If
couldn't conduct business for 40 hours, I'd have some serious
to ask."
McNamara believes a great deal of the responsibility for the success
these kinds of known attacks rests on the shoulders of managers and
systems administrators who do not fully "understand the implications
poor security practices.  While the industry hasn't seen this happen
yet, it's just a matter of time before a customer files a lawsuit
against a service provider because of damages caused by ineffective
security," he predicts.
FBI agents have been undergoing some education in computer related
crimes, but sources say the educated ones are few in number and
by too many cases.  On the other hand, the FBI has singled out small
prominent hackers for arrest and prosecution, hoping the jailing of
these individuals who are  well-known to the Net would be a deterrent
other younger people considering hacking.  The recent adolescent-like
hacking of the Department of Justice Web site seems to indicate that
hackers aren't all that deterred.
There are other indications that Web page hacks are going to become
political, and perhaps even more dangerous than in the past.  The
hack of the Kriegsman Furs company  Web page by animal rights
indicates one new, sophisticated path.  In this attack, the hackers
a manifesto, as well as links to animals rights sites throughout the
Web. How easy was it to do? "Security for the site was extremely
says McNamara, "The commonly known PHF exploit was likely used to
retrieve a system file, which contained a series of easy to crack
passwords." Presto, chango.  Pro-fur into anti-fur.
"It's too easy to pass the blame off on hackers," McNamara says.  Like
the keys in the car or in the front door, "maintaining an insecure
is just an invitation to problems."  Those who were responsible for
today's denial of service attack were careful to repeatedly point out
this reporter how "unsophisticated" their attack was and how easily it
could have been avoided if the list managers had only taken minimal
precautions.  "It's kind of like buying new locks and getting an alarm
system after everything in the house is stolen.  Sure it will probably
prevent it from happening again, but if you took the precautions in
first place, the damn thing wouldn't have occurred," he concludes.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-27 18:28:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Forged addresses 
Precedence: Bulk
Reply-To: listmom-talk
Hmm. (rubbing forehead. God, it's been a long 24 hours...). Hmm. My gut
feel is the answer is "maybe". If someone's attempting to post a
message to a list, I'd have no trouble accepting it if either the From
or Sender matches a known subscriber. That'd be reasonable. I'm not
particularly worried about the mail server in that case. If we end up
with someone forging mail in someone else's name, we deal with it when
it happens and can probably backtrack or otherwise limit it.
If they're trying to subscribe to a list, I have a problem with this,
because the person admits they're subscribing an address not from who
they say they are. I'd want validation of this in some way before
trusting it.
This is where the mailback subscription verifiction starts becoming
moreimportant. Once a person has verified they want on the list, I can
relax a lot more about hard-core validation. It's verifying the address
being subscribed wants to be subscribed that's the nasty piece.
I spent most of last night cleaning up after the spammers, and a good
chunk of this morning. I also rewrote my cgi's to close a bunch of the
loophole and add a few toys to see if they'd trip, and a couple of
hours, the spammer did, so I now know where he's coming from and how
they're doing it (he's spoofing through the ANONYMIZER on top of
everything else...) -- and left a little reminder there, so he now
knows I know. Heh.
And I'm in process of closing the loopholes further. Not what I'd
planned on doing, but obviously, it can't wait any longer. It's not
that they can't be closed to a great degree, only that until this last
round, it wasn't really needed. One idiot screwing it up for a lot of
           Chuq Von Rospach (chuq Software Gnome
       Apple Server Marketing Webmaster  Plaidworks Consulting (chuqui    ( +-+ The home for Hockey on the net)
I got no name or number/ I just hand out the lumber.
But if I get a chance to play/ I'm going to show 'em.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-27 20:11:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mo' Better Mail Shenanegans? 
crypto was subscribed to dcsb and seems to be
directly zinging messages, sans any identification as forwarded material,
straight off of dcsb to cypherpunks I went in and killed this
address from dcsb, but I don't know how long that's going to last.
I forwarded a story to cypherpunks a while ago from Netly News about a rash
of denial of service attacks that're happening on email accounts around the
net. It looks like cypherpunks is part of that attack, and it looks like
crypto may be involved. Or not. Anyway, I'll send a copy
of the Netly article to dcsb in another message, for everyone's
entertainment on dcsb.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-29 03:54:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Advanced cryptography course 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Christof Paar This is an announcment for an advanced cryptography course in the greater
Boston area:
Here comes the syllabus for the course EE 589R, Advanced Topics in
Cryptography and Data Security. The first class will be held on Monday,
January 20, at Worcester Polytechnic Institute.
The course is a continuation of EE 578/CS 578, Cryptography and Data
Security. It will provide a deeper insight into several areas of cryptology
which are of great practical and theoretical importance. The three main
areas treated are: Detailed analysis and implementation of public key
algorithms, advanced protocols, and modern attacks against cryptographic
schemes. We will address many topics which are usually only treated in the
research literature.
Please feel free to get in touch with me any time if you have further
questions about the course.
Christof Paar
Christof Paar                      Assistant Professor                email:  christof
ECE Department                     phone:  (508) 831 5061
Worcester Polytechnic Institute    fax:    (508) 831 5491
100 Institute Road
Worcester, MA 01609, USA
EE 579R, ADVANCED TOPICS IN CRYPTOGRAPHY AND DATA SECURITY
                       Spring `97
                  WPI, Monday 5:30-8:30
                       SYLLABUS
Week 1
Efficient implementation of RSA: The Chinese Remainder Theorem.
Week 2
Efficient implementation of public-key systems over finite fields: Galois
fields theory.
Week 3
Implementation of Galois field arithmetic.
Week 4
Efficient arithmetic with long numbers: Montgomery and Karatsuba-Ofman
Week 5
Efficient exponentiation algorithms.
Week 6
Attacks against the discrete logarithms: Shank's algorithm and Pollard's-rho
Week 7
Midterm Exam
Week 8
Attacks against the discrete logarithms: Index calculus method.
Week 9
Attacks against block ciphers: Differential cryptanalysis.
Week 10
Block ciphers from arithmetic operations: IDEA.
Week 11
Secret sharing and threshold schemes.
Week 12
Zero knowledge identification schemes.
Week 13
Selected topics, depending on class interest.
Week 14
Final Exam.
Menezes, van Oorschot, Vanstone: Handbook of Applied Cryptography. CRC
Press, October 96, ISBN 0-8493-8523-7, $80
To unsubscribe from this list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-29 15:34:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Applying PGP To Digital Commerce 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                           Rodney Thayer
                   Sable Technology Corporation
                  "Applying PGP To Digital Commerce"
                        Tuesday, January 7, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Rodney Thayer has 20 years experience in the software development business.
For the past 10 years he has been designing, implementing, deploying, and
troubleshooting networking software.  He currently is the Principal of a
consulting firm based in Newton, Massachusetts where he is involved in the
implementation of communications products for a variety of customers,
including software vendors, major end-user organizations, and several
governmental organizations both foreign and domestic.  He also writes and
lectures on the deployment, troubleshooting, and implementation of data
communications networks.
Mr. Thayer  will talk about how PGP can be used in the business world
today, for exchange of information, digitally identifying documents, and
other commerce applications.  In this presentation, we will discuss the
application of PGP, including mechanics, the cryptographic and legal
issues, and the infrastructure requirements for it's use.
The state of the art in digital message encryption is now at the point
where it has become practical to use encrypted and digitally signed
email for digital commerce.  Recently, one scheme, PGP, has emerged
from the realm of the cyberpunk as a legitimate tool for business.
Commercial products are now available that support PGP encryption in
electronic mail and for documents and digital storage.
PGP is no longer a cult tool for computer junkies and cyberpunks.  It
is a legitimate, sound cryptographic technology that can be used,
today, for digital commerce.  As an increasingly crypto-aware business
community searches for solutions, the question of how to use message
encryption tools such as PGP becomes germaine to the business community.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, January 7, 1997 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, January 4, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
 February   David Kaufman    1996 in Review / Predictions for 1997
 March      TBA
 April      Stewart Baker    Encryption Policy and Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, rah .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to majordomo .  If you
want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to majordomo .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-29 15:38:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Internal Passports 
"I've found that they issue a national ID card, it's time to leave..."
           Lazarus Long, "Time Enough For Love", by Robert A. Heinlein
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-30 19:41:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: None 
"consent manufacturing" ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1996-12-31 06:23:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: LAW_dno 
Fortunately, such "points" are about to go the way of the devine right of
kings, the unquestioned authority of the church, and, of course, rendering
unto Ceasar. ;-).
See you all in Anguilla...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-22 08:56:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Donna Rice, etc. 
A pal of mine from Mizzou was the photographer who took the Donna/Gary
lap-sit photo.
He got the Pulitzer prize.
Whole episode says more about American "journalism" than anything else, and
*I'm* a congenital Republican.
ObGeodesicMarkets: It was a joke about Donna Rice that got me thinking
about the speed of information propagation in the capital markets. ("What
did Donna Rice say when the reporters caught her leaving Gary Hart's house?
She said she was taking a poll. )  The joke appeared on the Morgan
Stanley equity trading desk no more than 15 minutes after the story hit the
Reuter's newswire. In that time, the joke was thought up, somewhere in the
world, and disseminated all over, ending up in the midwestern hinterlands
of Chicago, by way of London. Since trading desks talk to each other with
direct lines, the network formed by them is a geodesic one, even though
people are the "switches".
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-22 11:27:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Aussie Ecash at Advance Bank 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
Encoding: 41 TEXT
X-Mailer: Microsoft Mail V3.0
Sender: ecash-merchant-request
Resent-Message-Id: Resent-From: ecash-merchant
X-Unsub: To leave, send text 'LEAVE' to
Dear ecash  enthusiast,
A short note to let you know that the ecash System Integrators kit was
posted on the Internet last week.
You can find it at: We are currently testing the ecash system internally here at Advance Bank.
 We hope to make the merchant software available for free download in the
next 2-3 weeks - you will then be able to start building and testing your
ecash enabled web sites.
There will also be supporting documentation, such as:
 - the ecash merchant information kit
 - how to build an ecash shop
 - ecash usage guidelines etc
Thank you again for your interest.  We'll let you know as soon as the
software is available for download.
Advance Bank
Subscription Information
To subscribe to the ecash mailing list by e-mail:
Send an email message to ecash-merchant-request and in the
BODY of the message type:
If you'd like to remove yourself from the ecash mailing list:
Send an email  message to ecash-merchant-request and in the
body of the message type:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-24 13:14:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Online Spending with Smart Cards and E.Cash to To US$3.5bn by year 2000 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: a9050756 (Mike Alexander)
I've worked on this topic extensively in the past months (writing a doctoral
thesis on efficiency and risk in the payment system). I can assure you this:
cash in is still and will remain one of the most efficient payment
This holds looking at it from a private as well as social cost perspective
sufficient empirical support.
Best Regards,
Michael Alexander
Doctoral Student at the University of Vienna
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3i
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
To unsubscribe from the dcsb list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-27 20:39:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Internet, Countries, Nationalism, etc. 
^^^^^^^^^^
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:54:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: <<Vitamin B>>(January 27, 1997) Affirmative Anonymity 
Vitamin B:
Your Daily Dose of Bionomics
January 27, 1997
Affirmative Anonymity
In response to the January 24th Vitamin B ("Anonymity and Reputation"),
Greg Waddell, Policy Coordinator for U.S. Senator Connie Mack (R-FL)
and 1996 Bionomics Conference Speaker,  made the following comments,
which we'd like to share.
"There are aspects of the anonymity paradigm that relate to a whole host of
social issues that Machine Age liberals usually seek to remedy with strong
and heavy hand of government.  Namely, these are issues of discrimination
by race, gender, disability, etc. etc.  After the Joint Economic Committee's
hearing on the 21st Century Economy, held in summer of 1995, I suddenly
realized (better late than never!) that communicating via computer over the
Internet forces each of us to deal with others without regard to physical
Neither color, race, gender, disability, religion, nationality, nor any
markers are apparent over the Net. The Information Age economy, if left
to evolve freely, could bring us closer to our American ideals of equality
for all than any law, affirmative action program, diversity training, or
else.  I think that is the most compelling aspect of what we identify as the
anonymity of the Net."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-27 21:11:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Panamsat Offers Internet By Satellite 
Sender: investor
Reply-To: "Space Investors Mailing List" Organization: LunaCity BBS - (Clan Zen Relay Network) Mountain View, CA
X-Article: 267
Panamsat Corp. of Greenwich, Conn. is now offering high-speed Internet
access by satellite.
The new service, called Spotbytes, is available worldwide to Internet
service providers.
It provides a quick connection to the Internet by avoiding terrestrial
lines and linking companies directly to backbone providers -- companies
with a main line to the Internet.
        Michael

@_date: 1997-01-28 17:26:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: AltaVista sprouts a hole ... 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Russell Stuart Precedence: Bulk
Newsgroups: comp.risks
RISKS-LIST: Risks-Forum Digest  Monday 20 January 1997  Volume 18 :
Issue 77
   FORUM ON RISKS TO THE PUBLIC IN COMPUTERS AND RELATED SYSTEMS
   ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy, Peter G. Neumann,
***** See last item for further information, disclaimers, caveats, etc.
Phone: +61 7 3844 9631
Fax:   +61 7 3844 9522
Email: R.Stuart
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-29 07:11:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Call for Participants: The Financial Cryptography 1997 Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals 
CALL FOR PARTICIPANTS
The Financial Cryptography 1997 (FC97)
Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals
February 17-21, 1997
The InterIsland Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
Workshop Update: January 29, 1997
FC97 is sponsored by:
The Journal for Internet Banking and Commerce
Offshore Information Services e$ C2NET See Your Name Here! FC97 Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals
February 17-21, 1997
FC97 Conference and Exhibition,
February 24-28, 1997
The Inter-Island Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
Workshop and Conference Reservations: The world's first intensive financial cryptography workshop for senior
managers and IS professionals will be held Monday through Friday, February
17-21 1997, from 9:00am to 6:00pm, at the Inter-Island Hotel on the
Carribbean island of Anguilla.
This workshop will be the prelude to the world's first peer-reviewed
financial cryptography conference and commercial exhibition, Financial
Cryptography 1997 (FC97), which will be held the following week, February
24-28, 1997.
The goals of the combined workshop, conference and exhibition are:

@_date: 1997-01-29 07:11:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97: PRELIMINARY CONFERENCE PROGRAM 
General Information:
Financial Cryptography '97 (FC97) is a new conference on the security
of digital financial transactions.  The first meeting will be held on
the island of Anguilla in the British West Indies on February 24-28,
1997.  FC97 aims to bring together persons involved in both the
financial and data security fields to foster cooperation and exchange
of ideas.
Original papers were solicited on all aspects of financial data
security and digital commerce in general.
Program Committee:
Matthew Franklin, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA
Michael Froomkin, U. Miami School of Law, Coral Gables, FL, USA
Rafael Hirschfeld (Program Chair), CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Arjen Lenstra, Citibank, New York, NY, USA
Mark Manasse, Digital Equipment Corporation, Palo Alto, CA, USA
Kevin McCurley, Sandia Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM, USA
Charles Merrill, McCarter & English, Newark, NJ, USA
Clifford Neuman, Information Sciences Institute, Marina del Rey, CA, USA
Sholom Rosen, Citibank, New York, NY, USA
Israel Sendrovic, Federal Reserve Bank of New York, New York, NY, USA
Preliminary Conference Program for FC97:
Monday 24 February 1997
 830 --  905
    Anonymity Control in E-Cash Systems
    George Davida (University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WI, USA),
    Yair Frankel (Sandia National Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM, USA),
    Yiannis Tsiounis (Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA),
    Moti Yung (CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
 905 --  940
    How to Make Personalized Web Browsing Simple, Secure, and Anonymous
    Eran Gabber, Phil Gibbons, Yossi Matias, Alain Mayer
        (Bell Laboratories, Lucent Technologies)
 940 -- 1015
    An Anonymous Networking Infrastructure and Virtual Intranets
    Jim McCoy (Electric Communities, Cupertino, CA, USA)
1015 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Unlinkable Serial Transactions
    Paul F. Syverson (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA),
    Stuart G. Stubblebine (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA),
    David M. Goldschlag (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA)
1120 -- 1155
    Efficient Electronic Cash with Restricted Privacy
    Cristian Radu, Rene Govaerts, Joos Vandewalle
        (Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Leuven, Belgium)
1155 -- 1230
    The SPEED Cipher
    Yuliang Zheng (Monash University, Melbourne, Australia)
Tuesday 25 February 1997
 830 --  930
    Invited Speaker
    To Be Announced
 930 -- 1005
    Smart Cards and Superhighways
        The technology-driven denationalisation of money
    David G.W. Birch, Neil A. McEvoy (Hyperion, Surrey, England)
1005 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Fault Induction Attacks, Tamper Resistance, and Hostile Reverse
        Engineering in Perspective
    David P. Maher (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
1120 -- 1155
    Some Critical Remarks on "Dynamic Data Authentication" as
        specified in EMV '96
    Louis C. Guillou (CCETT, Cesson-Sevigne, France)
1155 -- 1230
    Single-chip implementation of a cryptosystem for financial
        applications
    Nikolaus Lange (SICAN Braunschweig GmbH, Braunschweig, Germany)
Wednesday 26 February 1997
 830 --  930
    Invited Speaker
    Ronald Rivest (MIT Lab for Computer Science, Cambridge, MA, USA)
 930 -- 1005
    Cyberbanking and Privacy: The Contracts Model
    Peter P. Swire (Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA)
1005 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    SVP: a Flexible Micropayment Scheme
    Jacques Stern, Serge Vaudenay (Ecole Normale Superieure, Paris, France)
1120 -- 1155
    An efficient micropayment system based on probabilistic polling
    Stanislaw Jarecki (MIT Lab for Computer Science, Cambridge, MA, USA),
    Andrew Odlyzko (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
1155 -- 1230
    On the continuum between on-line and off-line e-cash systems - I
    Yacov Yacobi (Microsoft, Redmond, WA, USA)
Thursday 27 February 1997
 830 --  905
    Auditable Metering with Lightweight Security
    Matthew K. Franklin, Dahlia Malkhi
        (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
 905 --  940
    Applying Anti-Trust Policies to Increase Trust in a Versatile
        E-Money System
    Markus Jakobsson (UCSD, La Jolla, CA, USA),
    Moti Yung (BTEC/CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
 940 -- 1015
    Towards Multiple-payment Schemes for Digital Money
    H. Pagnia, R. Jansen (University of Darmstadt, Darmstadt, Germany)
1015 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Legal Issues in Cryptography
    Edward J. Radlo (Fenwick & West LLP, Palo Alto, CA, USA)
1120 -- 1230
    Panel Discussion
    Legal Issues of Digital Signatures
    Michael Froomkin (University of Miami School of Law, Miami, FL, USA),
    Charles Merrill (McCarter & English, Newark, NJ, USA),
    Benjamin Wright (Dallas, TX, USA)
Friday 28 February 1997
 830 --  930
    Invited Speaker
    To Be Announced
 930 -- 1005
    The Gateway Security Model in the Java Electronic Commerce Framework
    Theodore Goldstein (Sun Microsystems Laboratories/Javasoft)
1005 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Highly Scalable On-line Payments Via Task Decoupling
    David William Kravitz (CertCo LLC, Albuquerque, NM, USA)
1120 -- 1155
    GUMP; Grand Unified Meta-Protocols
        Recipes for Simple, Standards-based Financial Cryptography
    Barbara Fox, Brian Beckman (Microsoft, Redmond, WA, USA)
1155 -- 1230
    Secure Network Communications and Secure Store & Forward Mechanisms
        with SAP R/3
    Bernhard Esslinger (SAP AG, Walldorf, Germany)
The conference will run from 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM, for five days, February
24-28 1997. Breakfast provided at the conference. The conference
organizers have left the afternoon and evenings open for corporate
sponsored events, for networking, and for recreational activities on the
resort island of Anguilla. Participants are encouraged to bring their families.
A 40-hour workshop, intended for anyone with commercial software
development experience who wants hands-on familiarity with the issues and
technology of financial cryptography, is planned in conjunction with FC97,
to be held during the week preceding the conference.
For more information on the workshop, please see the URL
 .
For workshop registration, see the URL
 .
The InterIsland Hotel is a small 14-room guesthouse and a large,
comfortable 150 seat conference facility with additional space for a small
10-booth exhibition. The Inter-Island is on Road Bay, near Sandy Ground
Village, in the South Hill section of Anguilla. The conference, workshop,
and exhibition will have TCP/IP internet access. The rooms at the
InterIsland itself have sold out, but there are many other hotels
and guesthouses on Anguilla, and shuttle service to the conference will be
Air Transportation and Hotels:
Air travel to Anguilla is typically done through either San Juan or St.
Thomas for US flights, or St. Maarten/Martin for flights from Europe and
the US.
Anguillan import duties are not imposed on hardware or software which will
leave the island again. There are no other taxes -- or cryptography
import/export restrictions -- on Anguilla.
Hotels range from spartan to luxurious, and more information about hotels
on Anquilla can be obtained from your travel agent, or at the URL
 .
General Chairs:
Robert Hettinga, Shipwright/e$, Boston, MA, USA;
Vincent Cate, Offshore Information Services, Anguilla, BWI;
Conference, Exhibits, and Sponsorship Manager:
Julie Rackliffe, Boston, MA, USA;
Workshop Leader:
Ian Goldberg, Berkeley, CA, USA;
You can register and pay for conference admission on the World Wide Web at
the URL  .
The cost of the FC97 Conference is US$1,000.
Booths for the exhibition start at US$5,000 and include two conference
tickets. For more information about exhibit space, contact Julie Rackliffe,
rackliffe . Sponsorship opportunities for FC97 are still available.
The cost of the workshop is US$5000, and includes meals but not lodging.
You can register for the workshop, which runs the week prior to the
conference, at the URL Financial Cryptography '97 is held in cooperation with the
International Association for Cryptologic Research.
It is sponsored by:
The Journal for Internet Banking and Commerce
Offshore Information Services e$ C2NET See Your Name Here Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-29 07:13:11
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: AltaVista sprouts a hole ... 
Actually, the ads *do* relate to the keywords. Try doing a search for
"flowers" and a search for "sex."
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-29 15:43:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Bruce "Penis With a Blister on it" Taylor strikes again... 
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Approximately 22 members of Congress filed an Amici Curiae brief with
the Supreme Court in Reno v. ACLY, the constitutional challenge to the
Communications Decency Act (this makes three known briefs filed so far
in support of the CDA).  The brief was filed on behalf of, among others,
Exon, Coats, Helms, Grassley, Hyde, and Goodlatte.  It was written by
Bruce Taylor and Cathleen A. Cleaver.  This brief can be accessed at
Litigation update page:  --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-02 03:38:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: E-Cash IPO!  PCweek Mag! 
I'm sure they'll be hearing from Digicash, BV's trademark folks on this one...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
    E-Cash IPO!   625,000 shares  -  $1.60 per share
            As seen in PCweek online magazine:
       "E-commerce  startup offers digital cash to each user who
retrieves advertising  e-mail from its web site.  Digital
currency units can be converted into US dollars, Japanese
yen, Swiss francs, and German marks."
Millennium Interactive Technologies, developer of the first
ever system of advertiser funded digital cash system. (DCU)
is offering  625,000  common shares directly to the public.
The offering price is $1.60 per share.
Qualified  investors  can  obtain  a  printed  copy of the
offering  prospectus,  demo disk, and  additional  info on
how  you can  earn digital  cash for  looking at e-mail by
sending reply to:  mailto:latham
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-04 06:52:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Ecash naysayers 
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-05 17:41:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Experiments on Mailing Lists 
Wow. Is it really true that all we need is a cancelbot?
It can't really be that easy...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-05 17:42:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment inJan 
I think temporarily moderating c-punks is a good idea. It could be that, if
we are indeed the target of a cancelable attack on usenet, all this garbage
could go away after a while (he said, wishfully). However, I think our
current problems are more a function of the size of the list itself. So,
if, in fact, the crap *doesn't* abate over time, it wouldn't be the end of
the world if the more abusive behavior here were removed mechanically --
before it went out to almost 2,000 people.
Thus, I don't think that moderating the garbage out of cypherpunks is the
functional equivalent of a neuticle installation. :-).
Measuring the effectiveness of this exercise, with the ability to peek
ocassionally into Sandy's sludge pile, keeps the whole thing honest.
Frankly, if we could figure out a way for Sandy to easily split the feed
into "cypherpunks" and "trash", that would be the best *permanent*
solution. Unfortunately, the physical mechanics of list moderation will
probably swamp poor Sandy as it is, much less the permanent addition of
forwarding the dreck somewhere else at the same time. I hope he understands
that he's about to take a shower with a firehose. For instance, it's work
enough mechanically for me to filter out the good 40% of cypherpunks, and
the 10% average of the 30 or so other lists I follow on a daily basis for
e$pam. If I were also responsible for sending the relevant contents of my
trash folder to another feed, it would probably be too much to mess with,
because I've got other stuff in there besides email list noise.
Of course, having an intellegent moderator of cypherpunks also cuts down on
the value of e$pam itself... Hmmm...
Heavy sigh. ;-).
Oh, well, it's all in the cause of a good signal...
Go for it, Sandy, and good luck!
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-07 18:07:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fed Study on Identity Theft 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: Various
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-01-08 10:19:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97: Anguilla, Anyone?, Part 2 
Anguilla, Anyone?, Part 2
FC97 Update, Cypherpunk Edition. January 8, 1997 (FCountdown: A-47)
(Pass this around. Please! :-).)
Financial Cryptography 1997
Conference and Exhibition: February 24-28, 1997
Workshop: February 17-21, 1997
The Journal for Internet Banking and Commerce
Offshore Information Services
See your name here :-)
Just before the end of the year, Vince Cate posted a note to the FC97
organizer's list and noted that a.) we had a bunch of people signed up for
both the FC97 conference (and for the workshop), that b.) those people's
companies probably wanted to book the registration expenses in 1996, and
c.) didn't we think it was time to charge their credit cards and thus d.)
actually have a conference?
We're actually going to have the world's first conference on financial
cryptography. It'll be:
a.)  in Anguilla,
b.)  during last week of February,
c.)  while it's snowing here in Boston. (Hot damn!)
Which, to confess all, is why I had the idea to begin with, though the idea
has grown a bit since. :-).
It's a good thing that we're actually going to have FC97, too, because, if
you look at the "Deductible Junkets" section Wired magazine, we're the
featured deductible junket for January. It would indeed be a drag to have
made it to that pinnacle of net.trendiness and not have a junket to deduct,
as it were. Not that said net.trendiness was unwanted. No-sir-ee. Somewhere
after imagining what it would be like to *not* to shovel snow out of my
driveway, and *very* shortly after remembering there was a cypherpunk on
*Anguilla*, namely Vince Cate, who could help me with that problem, the
absolute very first picture in my head was exactly that Wired article. FC97
as the featured deductible junket in Wired. I could actually see the
headline: "Financial Cryptography, February 1997, Anguilla, BWI. The
world's first peer-reviewed conference on financial cryptography." I also
figured that only someone as pathogically possessed of the trait of
schmooze as I was could conceive and pull off such a feat. So, now, I
figure, I can die, right? I mean, I've just made the net.schmoozer's hall
of fame. :-).
Well maybe not die. Not just yet, anyway. I'm not quite finished, you see.
For my next trick, I have to actually get *down* there for the conference.
To do that, I pretty much need to sell the conference out. Which, if you
haven't guessed, is why I'm currently in your face with another one of my
gigantic "Anguilla, Anyone?" rants. :-). I have to practically sell FC97
out because, when you work with other people, the guy with the idea (that's
me), especially a guy with an idea for something he has absolutely *no*
capability to actually *do* at all, has to take a back seat to the folks
who actually *do*, er, do things, and hope that their effort makes enough
"thing" left over for him to, um, claim to have done a bit of it himself.
(Yeah. That's it... Any questions? None? Good. Class dismissed...)
So, the first thing I'd like to do here, now that we're actually going to
have a conference, is to thank those "people actually doing things" for
FC97, in chronological order of their involvement in this genuine,
Wired-certified, deductible junket...
Vince Cate, the aformentioned Anguillan cypherpunk, of Offshore Information
Services, in Anguilla  is the most important
person to thank. Vince's work so far has been positively heroic. Vince got
us a place to have the conference, the InterIsland Hotel, a very nice
150-seat conference facility with space to spare for 10 exhibition booths
(before we need to find an exhibition annex, anyway ;-). He's made
arrangements with Cable and Wireless to give us as much bandwidth as we
need, practically on demand, proving that, yes, you can have a technical
conference --  with T1 access -- in the wilds of the eastern Carribbean. He
also made deals with the banks down there to handle money wire and credit
card processing, not to mention making arrangements with the vendors of
every internet payment method our customers have requested so far.
Including, I'll add here, ecash, from Digicash, BV
 and Mark Twain Bank .
This is important, because, with the help of Lucky Green of Digicash, and
the folks at Mark Twain Bank, Sameer Parekh of C2NET and FC97 will make the world's largest ecash transaction to date. C2NET
will purchase its booth for FC97, sometime later this month, entirely with
ecash. You heard it here, first, folks, and, of course, you'll hear more
about it later. Believe me. :-). Lots more. I haven't even warmed up the
tonsils yet...
Right now, as we speak, Vince is the guy on the ground in Anguilla, doing
all kinds of things, from renting tables and curtains and power for
exhibition space, to specifiying the hardware and network for the workshop
and exhibition, to scanning the blueprints of the conference space into GIF
files so we could have a floorplan to sell booths with, to getting
estimates so we could cost and budget the conference, to, heh, collecting
the actual money (in nice round non-taxable numbers) at
. In case you haven't figured it out,
Vince is at the core of the whole enterprise, and he deserves much thanks
for all the work he's done. Not to mention all the work he's gonna do.:-).
Remembering we're at A-47, and counting, and all.
After I got Vince to step up to the plate for all this work, we talked to
Ray Hirschfeld, , of CWI, who then graciously
accepted our offer of the FC97 conference chairmanship, in exchange for
untold hours of completely donated labor. (I mean, at least, if everything
works out, the rest of us could actually get paid.) Ray organized a
conference committee of absolute stars in the digital commerce and
financial cryptography firmament, including our own cypherpunk law
professor, Michael Froomkin. The list of conference committee luminaries,
includes, to read my own latest press release, "the inventor of Millicent,
the project manager of EU's CAFE digital cash project, the holders of
Citicorp's digital cash patent, two famous scholars in cryptography and
digital commerce law, the President of International Association for
Cryptologic Research, and the Chairman of the Taskforce on the Security of
Electronic Money for the G-10 Central Banks." One of these people is so far
up the food chain at the Fed that people there practically have to cross
themselves when they say his name. So, you can see, Ray is one amazing
conference organizer. Vince and I should have known better, but we couldn't
possibly imagine how successful Ray would be in gathering talent when we
asked him to be the conference chair.
Ray and his outstanding committee are now reading all the papers that have
come in during the last few months; from all over the world, from a great
bunch of authors, on just about every topic in financial cryptography.
Submissions are now closed, but the announcement of the selected papers
will be made to the authors on January 18th, and shortly after that, he'll
announce the conference agenda to the rest of us. You heard it here, first,
folks, and, of course, you'll hear more later. Believe me. :-).
Right about the time I had the idea to ask Ray if he wanted to chair the
conference, I thought about how I could possibly extend my "Island Time"
back another week, and thus avoid the snow shovel even longer. :-). I
thought about a feeder activity of some kind for the conference, and, for a
peer-reviewed conference like FC97, there's no better feeder activity than
a workshop of some kind. I thought about the need to evangelize, to big
corporate cheese (technical and otherwise), about how the world was going
to go when we started doing secure financial transactions on insecure
public networks. About the technology of financial cryptography and digital
commerce, and not just running the old Mastercard through a web-page form,
either. Said cheese were the people most in need of understanding this
impending new reality of ubiquitous geodesic markets, I figured, because,
frankly, as people who made technology decisions for big companies, it was
going to affect their businesses the most. Fortunately, they were also the
people who could afford to pay for a week-long intensive workshop on the
subject. Especially if it was in Anguilla. :-). A financial cryptography
bootcamp, as friend Rodney Thayer called it later. I thought about how cool
it would be to get actual cypherpunks-who-code, who were not likely to get
to the conference under their own power otherwise, to run this workshop.
After the week of the workshop was over, both cheese and
cypherpunks-who-code could go to the conference and hang out like they
owned the place. I'd pay said cypherpunks-who-code a competitive rate for
their time, plus fly them there and back, and feed and house them for three
weeks: the week before the workshop getting the bugs worked out, the week
of the workshop/bootcamp itself, and then the week of the conference,
again, hanging out like they owned the place. Everybody would be happy.
So, when I thought about all that, the first person who came to mind to
actually run this was, of course, Ian Goldberg
. Ian, besides making himself famous last year
for breaking Netscape's SSL implementation into little bitty random bits
(to their eternal gratitude, I'm sure), is one of the canonical
cypherpunks-who-code these days, having done more pounding on the ecash
code library than anyone else outside of DigiCash, *and* building an FPGA
DES-cracker, all while getting a Ph.D in his spare time. :-). After much
arm-twisting, because he was so busy -- and, because, frankly, before Ray
got that amazing conference committee, we were all nervous about it -- Ian
consented to running the workshop. Sometime next week he'll come out with
the particulars of the workshop itself, including what they're going to
teach, and, who's going to be there to teach it, contingent on how many
workshop participants we get. We're planning on a 5-to-1
cheese-to-cypherpunk ratio, so how many cypherpunks-who-code we can bring
to Anguilla depends on how many workshop seats we can sell. Fortunately,
we've had people already pay for the workshop sight unseen, and, with a
little push, I expect we'll have enough participants to actually have the
workshop. When that happens, you'll hear about it. Believe me. :-).
[Oh. By the way, notice that I've now weaseled myself onto Anguilla *two*
weeks before the conference starts. But wait, there's more. Guess who has
to be there one week before that, to get ready for the instructors. *All*
February in Anguilla? Moi? Naw ;-).]
Speaking of selling stuff, Julie Rackliffe, , is
someone I've known for as long as I've been in Boston. She was practically
the first person I met when I started at Fidelity. She now does fund
raising and function management for the Computer Museum in Boston, and has
done some work in a similar vein for the Digital Commerce Society of Boston
(DCSB), which Peter Cassidy  and 30
cypherpunks and geeks-with-suits started with me last year. When FC97
started to look bigger than a few guys on a beach with an internet feed, I
knew I needed someone who could professionally manage a small but
high-profile conference and exhibition, and I asked Julie to help us out.
When we thought we couldn't do this without corporate sponsorship to cover
our sunk costs, Julie stepped up and took on raising that too, even though
it later turned out that we really didn't need sponsorships to make FC97
fly.  ("Bootstrap" is now our collective middle name...)
Anyway, we're still taking booth orders -- each booth ($5,000) includes 2
complimentary tickets to the FC97 conference -- and Julie's the contact for
that . Also, if your corporation wants to sponsor
(for $10,000) an official, FC97-sanctioned, :-), lunch or dinner with
accompanying recreational/schmooze opportunity, we'd be more than happy to
oblige. You get a banner ad on the web site, your company's name on our
outbound correspondence (see above), a nice discount on boothspace, and 4
conference tickets. And a tatoo on my forehead. Okay. Maybe not a tatoo on
my forehead. Since I had to licence the name "Bob" from Microsoft a couple
of years ago, there's not much room up there next to the Windows 95 logo,
anyway. Again, email Julie  for information on
sponsorships, and we'll *talk* about the tatoo. So, much thanks to Julie,
who's also going to actually manage the conference,logistically and
administratively, during the week of FC97, for all the work *she's* going
to do, too.
Finally, I want to thank someone who's not officially on the FC97 team.
That person is Sameer Parekh of C2NET. Not only is he going to buy a booth
at the FC97 Exhibition, he also graciously donated a copy of Stronghold,
which we're going to be using as the Official Commerce Server of the FC97
Workshop, Exhibition and Conference. We're going to be teaching financial
cryptography with Stronghold in the workshop (and Ian's new ecash server,
by the way...), and it will be taking orders on  real
soon now. In ecash, among other things, which he'll be using to actually
purchase his booth from us. Thank you very much Sameer. In that regard, we
also want to thank Lucky Green  who got us set up with
the ecash shopware to make digital cash transactions possible for FC97.
Thank you very much, Lucky.
Okay. Now I'm going to talk about why it's in *your* best interest to
*immediately* go to , shell out big
bucks, and register for either the conference ($1,000. Nice round tax-free
numbers, remember?) or the workshop and conference ($6,000 total), or the
exhibition (booths start at $5,000), or even sponsor FC97 itself (for a
cool $10 grand), so that I, too, can go to Anguilla, and not shovel snow in
Boston in February. Like the rest of this rant, feel free to hack out some
of the points below and paste them into any appropriate form or
application if you need them to justify your trip to someone with
budgetary authority. :-). If you need better reasons, let me know,
, and I'll think up some more. One of them has to
stick. It *has* to, or  I have a date with a snow shovel this
1. FC97's in Anguilla. It doesn't snow in Anguilla. :-).
2. FC97 is the very first conference ever on financial cryptography. If you
go there, you'll make history. Since financial cryptography will change the
face of economics and finance as we know it, you'll make economic and
financial history. Since economic and finance make the world go 'round,
you'll make world history. Pick a history. Any history. You'll have made
it. But, you've gotta *be* there to do it.
3. The papers at FC97 will be peer-reviewed, and FC97 is sanctioned by
International Association for Cryptologic Research. The papers to be
presented at FC97 are being reviewed by some of the best people in the
field, and the papers themselves will represent the best thinking in
financial cryptography today.
4. The people who wrote the papers will be right there for you to talk to,
because they've all committed to come if their papers are accepted.
5. FC97, like the Cannes Film Festival, was designed not only to show
the state of the art in the financial cryptography business, but to provide
time and space for that business to take place. There is exhibition space
so that people can display their technology. The conference runs from 08:30
to 12:30 (with breakfast provided, to get you there that early), so that
the afternoons and evenings can be used for business networking, for
corporate presentations, or for individual or group recreational
opportunities. Participants are encouraged to bring their families.
6. FC97 is in Anguilla. Anguilla is an interesting spot, politically and
economically. It has no taxes of any kind except import duties (no,
bringing your laptop to Anguilla is not importing it, because you're taking
it home with you), and would be a great place to run an offshore
transaction server, which, of course, is why people like Vince Cate are
there now. In addition, having FC97 in Anguilla proves the futility of the
current US cryptography control regime. We will have all kinds of
cryptographically strong financial technology at FC97. That includes
C2NET's Stronghold product, through which FC97's own registration
transactions are being processed, and which we will be using in the
workshop to instruct people in financial cryptography systems development
and implementation. All of that technology will get to Anguilla, a tiny
speck in the Carribbean Sea, just fine -- *without* being exported from the
7. If you were interested in negotiating with foriegn cryptographic
businesses to *import* their technology into the US (a sad state of
affairs, but a fact of the modern market), or, in contracting with foriegn
businesses to license your cryptographic technology overseas within the
limits of the ITARs or EARs, FC97 would seem to be an ideal time and place
to do so. The market for financial cryptography is changing dramatically,
and Anguilla will have the highest concentration of
financial-crypto-clueful on the planet for the week of FC97. All of them
talking to each other, networking, and doing deals. It is an opportunity
which any prudent business developing financial cryptography, or
significantly affected by it, should not ignore.
8. FC97 is chance for those of us who only know each other on the net to
actually meet face to face and start to develop the kind of personal
relationships and trust we'll all need to create the future of finance on
the internet. Since legal enforcement of contract on a ubiquitous
international network will be at best problematic, if not impossible,
reputation and character will be the only enforcement mechanism we'll have
for quite a while yet. (Actually, if it was good enough for J.Pierpont
Morgan and the Rothschilds, it's probably good enough for us.)  And, while
the whole point to financial cryptography is that we won't need to have
face-to-face contact for financial relationships, much less regulation,
there's still, currently, more bandwidth in a conversation on an Anguillan
beach to develop that trust relationship than there is anywhere on the
internet. So, at the core of the business, people are going to have to
actually *know* each other, at least until the market gets too competitive.
This is no different from any other nacent software market. Steven Levy, in
"Hackers", talks about how computer game software firms, ostensibly
competitors, used to vaction with each other in the early development of
that business. That makes sense. One of the reasons that Peter Cassidy and
I started DCSB was so we would have a place to go to talk financial crypto
with other people who actually cared about it. Do it for week, and add a
beach and beautiful weather, and you've got FC97.
9. The FC97 workshop, February 17-21, is being taught by some of the best
implementors of cryptography technology today. Ian Goldberg
, the workshop chair, knows more about the
nuts and bolts, the implementation and construction of financial
cryptography systems, particularly new systems using so-called digital
bearer certificates, than probably any other person alive, including the
people who invented and sell the technology itself. The people he's picked
to teach the workshop with him have the most hands-on experience in
developing and implementing cryptography, particularly in a financial
context, of anyone in the world today. People who take the workshop will
learn which cryptography is strong cryptography, what isn't, and why. They
will learn all the current and proposed internet payment systems out there,
which ones are worth knowing about, which ones aren't, and how to tell
whether a new system is worth learning. They will learn how to set up a
secure internet site from scratch. They will learn how to build a
transaction server on that site which will use any of the current popular
transaction protocols. And, finally, at the very frontier of financial
cryptography, workshop attendees will learn the theory and operation of
systems for handling and issuing digital bearer certificates. Systems which
do not rely on offsetting book-entries, or financial regulators, to settle
issues of non-repudiation, and are thus well suited to ubiquitous worldwide
commerce. The workshop will consist of 40 hours of intensive instruction
and lab time, with a 24-hour open lab and T1 internet access. The workshop
admission is limited to 20 attendees. The cost of the workshop is $5,000.
10. It's in Anguilla. There's no snow in Anguilla.
 :-).
Okay. I've ranted. There will be more later, certainly. I expect there to
be a press release from C2NET about Stronghold at FC97, and the purchase of
their booth in ecash. And, as we sell more booths, press releases from the
companies who buy those booths, about their products, and why they've
decided to go to FC97. Again, if you're interested in buying a booth at
FC97, please contact Julie Rackliffe,  .
Sometime next week Ian Goldberg , will come
out with more formal information about the FC97 Workshop. If you know
anyone who could benefit from such an experience, please have them contact
Ian for details.
Shortly after the 18th, expect to see, from Ray Hirschfeld, the selected
papers and the actual agenda for the conference itself.
So, if you have any questions about Anguilla itself, send them to Vince
Cate . If you have any questions about the
content of the conference, you can send them to Ray Hirschfeld , but, bear in mind, he and the program committee are
behind the old chinese wall right now, reading papers, so you probably
won't get an answer from him until the papers are selected and the agenda
announced. If you want a booth or to sponsor the conference, contact Julie
Rackliffe . If you want to talk about the
workshop before Ian Goldberg , cranks out the
formal call for participants please contact him, because the contents of
the workshop will depend to a great deal on the initial skill set of the
And, of course, if you want to thrash me about the length or content of
this rant, feel free. All errors are mine, especially those said in
shameless-huckster-mode. :-). Finally, the website for FC97 is .
Register now. Please. My toes are *cold* already...
Bob Hettinga
(one of two) General Chair(s, the other is Vince Cate),
Financial Cryptography 1997
Conference and Exhibition: February 24-28, 1997
Workshop: February 17-21, 1997
The Journal for Internet Banking and Commerce
Offshore Information Services
See your name here :-)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-08 11:02:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Algorithm Identifier for CDMF 
Grab your ankles, ladies and gents. This won't hurt a bit...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: owner-set-dev
Precedence: bulk
for a 40 bit variant of des called CDMF for use
with the AcqBackMsg.  This note defines the value for
that identifier.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-09 20:22:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [CRYPTO] e$ 
Hey, buddy? I don't know if you can see it or not, but there's this little
red spot on your head. It's just about where your medulla oblongata meets
your spinal cord...
Just waiting for Sandy to pull the trigger,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-14 20:05:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: The Internet Consumer -- 1996 in Review & Predictions for1997 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                 Emerging Technologies Research Group
  "The Internet Consumer -- 1996 in Review & Predictions for 1997"
                        Tuesday, February 4, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
David is Managing Director of FIND/SVP's Emerging Technologies Research
Group with specific responsibility for "The Internet Consumer - Continuous
Market Advisory Service".
The group provides numerous Fortune 500 companies with detailed research and
analysis on behaviors and preferences of Internet consumers.
Mr. Kaufman will discuss the Internet as a consumer platform.   The growth
of the Internet has been getting a lot of press, most of it based
on speculation, not research.   Although good data is hard to find, it
does exist and can be used to approach the Interactive consumer.
During 1996 it became true that Internet consumers, who paid for
their own access, were one of the fastest growing market segments.
Currently, home and small business users are driving the demand for
interactive services such as online banking and financial planning.
Users also expressed an interest in locating information on such
diverse topics as travel, entertainment, parenting, and health.
Starting in 1997 consumers will be able to access the net from more
numerous locations and in different ways.  Internet appliances such as
WebTV will allow non-technology users to access the net.  As critical mass
develops, the net will become impossible to ignore for most marketers.
Based on research and some industry insight, Mr. Kaufman will present
FIND/SVP's predictions for the Internet Consumer in 1997 and beyond.
Prior to joining FIND/SVP's Emerging Technologies Research Group, David
was with BIS Strategic Decisions (now GIGA Information Group) at the time
it was a division of NYNEX Corporation. He has been employed by Metaphor
Computer Systems and XEROX Corporation in the marketing of the first
technology products from the Palo Alto Research Center.  David is a
Graduate of the University of Wisconsin.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, February 4, 1997 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, February 1, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
March  Daniel Greenwood  The Role of State Government in Digital Commerce
April  Stewart Baker     Encryption Policy and Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-14 20:07:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: EPIC Drops the Ball on the NewsHour (Was Re: Newt's phone calls) 
Sadly, no.
A guy from EPIC, somebody who *should* have known better, did not mention
cryptography at all. At least in the part I heard.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-15 05:44:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: The Internet Consumer -- 1996 in Review & Predictionsfor 	 1997 
At 3:40 am -0500 1/15/97, Toto emetted onto the livingroom carpet:
I fished this out of my killfile. Ironically, I had just plonked Toto
yesterday because I saw no compelling merit in anything he has posted to
cypherpunks since he got here, and given the quantity of his posts, he was
starting to waste my attention. However, this morning, as my mail was
coming down in Eudora, I saw that he had replied to this month's DCSB
announcement, and, frankly, I knew that it had to be something like this.
However, I couldn't, heh, let sleeping dogs lie...
When I sent the posting in question to the cryptography groups, I figured
that this month's DCSB meeting would not not be especially on topic, even
for cypherpunks :-). However, there are lots of cypherpunks who come to
DCSB meetings, and I expect that some cypherpunks will come to this one,
too. Suits, champaigne, caviar, and all. ;-). More like suits, iced tea,
and chicken-of-the-month, but, hey, the view's nice, anyway.
By the way, Find/SVP is a well known market research company, and since a
lot of us on cypherpunks sell our stuff on the net, if not directly to
consumers, I figured the topic might be at least tenuously useful to those
here. There's even a (very!) shaky privacy/crypto connection both in the
methods for collecting these kinds of data, and, of course, in the data's
use in building crypto applications and policy. In addition, most companies
pay for this kind of information. David will be presenting it free, almost
immediately after it's collation.
Anyway, I apologize to anyone this has offended. Except, of course, for
certain, um, dogs.
Bob Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-16 11:01:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: The Internet Consumer -- 1996 in Review & Predictions 	for 	 1997 
And, in my case, Eudora displays each message in the status window as it's
bringing something down from the POP server, and again as it filters.
So it seems...
So, Toto, you're not in "Cansas" any more. It's called a "Trash" folder.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox,
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-01-17 13:02:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: (U.S.) National Cryptography Policy (paper and report) 
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
I'm forwarding this post to the CYBERIA-L and NET-LAWYERS lists as I
think subscribers might be interested in these documents (include
discussion of export controls), and their implication for
international communications.  Cheers, Lyo (Lyonette Louis-Jacques at
Cryptography and the National Resource Council: The Role of Private Groups
in Public Policy, by Kenneth W. Dam, is now available on the Web.
The Role of Private Groups in Public Policy is adapted from a
presentation made to the Presidents' Circle of the National Academy of
Sciences and the Institute of Medicine, Washington, D.C., November 21,
1996.  It was recently issued as Occasional Paper No. 38 by the University
of Chicago Law School.
Kenneth W. Dam, Max Pam Professor of American and Foreign Law, University
of Chicago Law School, was the Chair of the National Research Council's
Committee to Study National Cryptography Policy.  The Committee unanimously
recommended eliminating restrictions on domestic use of encryption, and
progressively relaxing restrictions on export.  The government's concerns
that national security and law enforcement agencies would be unable to
eavesdrop on criminals and terrorists must be balanced against the dangers
that American firms would be unable to lawfully use encryption strong enough
to protect electronic commerce, and that American software developers,
forced to use key escrow/key recovery encryption in their products ("a
Maginot Line of defense against hackers") would find no market for their
A late draft of the Committee's Report, "Cryptography's Role in Securing
the Information Society," is available at their home page:
                                              Paradise is exactly like
                +                             where you are right now
      .&______~*       m           only much, much, better
    "w/%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%\w"    mmm***       ---
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-17 13:16:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Albuquerque, Anyone?: Hettinga goes on the road... 
I'm going to be in Albuquerque seeing family for a week starting tomorrow.
Any cypherpunks/e$/technomads folks out there wanna quaff a few, I'd be up
for it.
Also, I'm looking a temporary PPP dial-up in the Albuquerque for the week
I'm there.  No mail or news, just PPP, so I can hit my POPserver and run
e$pam in remote-mode. Neither rain, nor snow, nor altitude, etc. can keep
the e$pamster from his appointed rounds...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-18 14:29:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: 1997 Mac Crypto Conf registration 
Sender: mac-crypto
Reply-To: Vinnie Moscaritolo Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
hey all;
I have posted a registration webpage for the 1997 Mac Crypto
at If you plan to give a talk there, I am looking for abtracts by
end of Jan
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:29:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: 1997 Mac Crypto Conf registration 
Sender: mac-crypto
Reply-To: Vinnie Moscaritolo Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
hey all;
I have posted a registration webpage for the 1997 Mac Crypto
at If you plan to give a talk there, I am looking for abtracts by
end of Jan
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A

@_date: 1997-01-20 13:58:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Slow Cypherpunk Day 
Only until they figure out to set it to receive mail from Sandy only.
(Don't forget to use the "Received" headers to avoid spoofing, Mr. G.)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-22 08:38:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Donna Rice, etc. 
A pal of mine from Mizzou was the photographer who took the Donna/Gary
lap-sit photo.
He got the Pulitzer prize.
Whole episode says more about American "journalism" than anything else, and
*I'm* a congenital Republican.
ObGeodesicMarkets: It was a joke about Donna Rice that got me thinking
about the speed of information propagation in the capital markets. ("What
did Donna Rice say when the reporters caught her leaving Gary Hart's house?
She said she was taking a poll. )  The joke appeared on the Morgan
Stanley equity trading desk no more than 15 minutes after the story hit the
Reuter's newswire. In that time, the joke was thought up, somewhere in the
world, and disseminated all over, ending up in the midwestern hinterlands
of Chicago, by way of London. Since trading desks talk to each other with
direct lines, the network formed by them is a geodesic one, even though
people are the "switches".
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-22 10:36:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Aussie Ecash at Advance Bank 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
Encoding: 41 TEXT
X-Mailer: Microsoft Mail V3.0
Sender: ecash-merchant-request
Resent-Message-Id: Resent-From: ecash-merchant
X-Unsub: To leave, send text 'LEAVE' to
Dear ecash  enthusiast,
A short note to let you know that the ecash System Integrators kit was
posted on the Internet last week.
You can find it at: We are currently testing the ecash system internally here at Advance Bank.
 We hope to make the merchant software available for free download in the
next 2-3 weeks - you will then be able to start building and testing your
ecash enabled web sites.
There will also be supporting documentation, such as:
 - the ecash merchant information kit
 - how to build an ecash shop
 - ecash usage guidelines etc
Thank you again for your interest.  We'll let you know as soon as the
software is available for download.
Advance Bank
Subscription Information
To subscribe to the ecash mailing list by e-mail:
Send an email message to ecash-merchant-request and in the
BODY of the message type:
If you'd like to remove yourself from the ecash mailing list:
Send an email  message to ecash-merchant-request and in the
body of the message type:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-24 12:31:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Online Spending with Smart Cards and E.Cash to To US$3.5bn byyear 2000 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: a9050756 (Mike Alexander)
I've worked on this topic extensively in the past months (writing a doctoral
thesis on efficiency and risk in the payment system). I can assure you this:
cash in is still and will remain one of the most efficient payment
This holds looking at it from a private as well as social cost perspective
sufficient empirical support.
Best Regards,
Michael Alexander
Doctoral Student at the University of Vienna
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.3i
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
To unsubscribe from the dcsb list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:16:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Internet, Countries, Nationalism, etc. 
^^^^^^^^^^
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:23:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: <<Vitamin B>>(January 27, 1997) Affirmative Anonymity 
Vitamin B:
Your Daily Dose of Bionomics
January 27, 1997
Affirmative Anonymity
In response to the January 24th Vitamin B ("Anonymity and Reputation"),
Greg Waddell, Policy Coordinator for U.S. Senator Connie Mack (R-FL)
and 1996 Bionomics Conference Speaker,  made the following comments,
which we'd like to share.
"There are aspects of the anonymity paradigm that relate to a whole host of
social issues that Machine Age liberals usually seek to remedy with strong
and heavy hand of government.  Namely, these are issues of discrimination
by race, gender, disability, etc. etc.  After the Joint Economic Committee's
hearing on the 21st Century Economy, held in summer of 1995, I suddenly
realized (better late than never!) that communicating via computer over the
Internet forces each of us to deal with others without regard to physical
Neither color, race, gender, disability, religion, nationality, nor any
markers are apparent over the Net. The Information Age economy, if left
to evolve freely, could bring us closer to our American ideals of equality
for all than any law, affirmative action program, diversity training, or
else.  I think that is the most compelling aspect of what we identify as the
anonymity of the Net."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-27 21:01:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Panamsat Offers Internet By Satellite 
Sender: investor
Reply-To: "Space Investors Mailing List" Organization: LunaCity BBS - (Clan Zen Relay Network) Mountain View, CA
X-Article: 267
Panamsat Corp. of Greenwich, Conn. is now offering high-speed Internet
access by satellite.
The new service, called Spotbytes, is available worldwide to Internet
service providers.
It provides a quick connection to the Internet by avoiding terrestrial
lines and linking companies directly to backbone providers -- companies
with a main line to the Internet.
        Michael

@_date: 1997-01-28 16:59:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: AltaVista sprouts a hole ... 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Russell Stuart Precedence: Bulk
Newsgroups: comp.risks
RISKS-LIST: Risks-Forum Digest  Monday 20 January 1997  Volume 18 :
Issue 77
   FORUM ON RISKS TO THE PUBLIC IN COMPUTERS AND RELATED SYSTEMS
   ACM Committee on Computers and Public Policy, Peter G. Neumann,
***** See last item for further information, disclaimers, caveats, etc.
Phone: +61 7 3844 9631
Fax:   +61 7 3844 9522
Email: R.Stuart
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-29 05:00:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Call for Participants: The Financial Cryptography 1997 Workshopfor Senior Managers and IS Professionals 
CALL FOR PARTICIPANTS
The Financial Cryptography 1997 (FC97)
Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals
February 17-21, 1997
The InterIsland Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
Workshop Update: January 29, 1997
FC97 is sponsored by:
The Journal for Internet Banking and Commerce
Offshore Information Services e$ C2NET See Your Name Here! FC97 Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals
February 17-21, 1997
FC97 Conference and Exhibition,
February 24-28, 1997
The Inter-Island Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
Workshop and Conference Reservations: The world's first intensive financial cryptography workshop for senior
managers and IS professionals will be held Monday through Friday, February
17-21 1997, from 9:00am to 6:00pm, at the Inter-Island Hotel on the
Carribbean island of Anguilla.
This workshop will be the prelude to the world's first peer-reviewed
financial cryptography conference and commercial exhibition, Financial
Cryptography 1997 (FC97), which will be held the following week, February
24-28, 1997.
The goals of the combined workshop, conference and exhibition are:

@_date: 1997-01-29 05:18:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97: PRELIMINARY CONFERENCE PROGRAM 
General Information:
Financial Cryptography '97 (FC97) is a new conference on the security
of digital financial transactions.  The first meeting will be held on
the island of Anguilla in the British West Indies on February 24-28,
1997.  FC97 aims to bring together persons involved in both the
financial and data security fields to foster cooperation and exchange
of ideas.
Original papers were solicited on all aspects of financial data
security and digital commerce in general.
Program Committee:
Matthew Franklin, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA
Michael Froomkin, U. Miami School of Law, Coral Gables, FL, USA
Rafael Hirschfeld (Program Chair), CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Arjen Lenstra, Citibank, New York, NY, USA
Mark Manasse, Digital Equipment Corporation, Palo Alto, CA, USA
Kevin McCurley, Sandia Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM, USA
Charles Merrill, McCarter & English, Newark, NJ, USA
Clifford Neuman, Information Sciences Institute, Marina del Rey, CA, USA
Sholom Rosen, Citibank, New York, NY, USA
Israel Sendrovic, Federal Reserve Bank of New York, New York, NY, USA
Preliminary Conference Program for FC97:
Monday 24 February 1997
 830 --  905
    Anonymity Control in E-Cash Systems
    George Davida (University of Wisconsin, Milwaukee, WI, USA),
    Yair Frankel (Sandia National Laboratories, Albuquerque, NM, USA),
    Yiannis Tsiounis (Northeastern University, Boston, MA, USA),
    Moti Yung (CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
 905 --  940
    How to Make Personalized Web Browsing Simple, Secure, and Anonymous
    Eran Gabber, Phil Gibbons, Yossi Matias, Alain Mayer
        (Bell Laboratories, Lucent Technologies)
 940 -- 1015
    An Anonymous Networking Infrastructure and Virtual Intranets
    Jim McCoy (Electric Communities, Cupertino, CA, USA)
1015 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Unlinkable Serial Transactions
    Paul F. Syverson (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA),
    Stuart G. Stubblebine (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA),
    David M. Goldschlag (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA)
1120 -- 1155
    Efficient Electronic Cash with Restricted Privacy
    Cristian Radu, Rene Govaerts, Joos Vandewalle
        (Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Leuven, Belgium)
1155 -- 1230
    The SPEED Cipher
    Yuliang Zheng (Monash University, Melbourne, Australia)
Tuesday 25 February 1997
 830 --  930
    Invited Speaker
    To Be Announced
 930 -- 1005
    Smart Cards and Superhighways
        The technology-driven denationalisation of money
    David G.W. Birch, Neil A. McEvoy (Hyperion, Surrey, England)
1005 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Fault Induction Attacks, Tamper Resistance, and Hostile Reverse
        Engineering in Perspective
    David P. Maher (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
1120 -- 1155
    Some Critical Remarks on "Dynamic Data Authentication" as
        specified in EMV '96
    Louis C. Guillou (CCETT, Cesson-Sevigne, France)
1155 -- 1230
    Single-chip implementation of a cryptosystem for financial
        applications
    Nikolaus Lange (SICAN Braunschweig GmbH, Braunschweig, Germany)
Wednesday 26 February 1997
 830 --  930
    Invited Speaker
    Ronald Rivest (MIT Lab for Computer Science, Cambridge, MA, USA)
 930 -- 1005
    Cyberbanking and Privacy: The Contracts Model
    Peter P. Swire (Ohio State University, Columbus, OH, USA)
1005 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    SVP: a Flexible Micropayment Scheme
    Jacques Stern, Serge Vaudenay (Ecole Normale Superieure, Paris, France)
1120 -- 1155
    An efficient micropayment system based on probabilistic polling
    Stanislaw Jarecki (MIT Lab for Computer Science, Cambridge, MA, USA),
    Andrew Odlyzko (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
1155 -- 1230
    On the continuum between on-line and off-line e-cash systems - I
    Yacov Yacobi (Microsoft, Redmond, WA, USA)
Thursday 27 February 1997
 830 --  905
    Auditable Metering with Lightweight Security
    Matthew K. Franklin, Dahlia Malkhi
        (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
 905 --  940
    Applying Anti-Trust Policies to Increase Trust in a Versatile
        E-Money System
    Markus Jakobsson (UCSD, La Jolla, CA, USA),
    Moti Yung (BTEC/CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
 940 -- 1015
    Towards Multiple-payment Schemes for Digital Money
    H. Pagnia, R. Jansen (University of Darmstadt, Darmstadt, Germany)
1015 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Legal Issues in Cryptography
    Edward J. Radlo (Fenwick & West LLP, Palo Alto, CA, USA)
1120 -- 1230
    Panel Discussion
    Legal Issues of Digital Signatures
    Michael Froomkin (University of Miami School of Law, Miami, FL, USA),
    Charles Merrill (McCarter & English, Newark, NJ, USA),
    Benjamin Wright (Dallas, TX, USA)
Friday 28 February 1997
 830 --  930
    Invited Speaker
    To Be Announced
 930 -- 1005
    The Gateway Security Model in the Java Electronic Commerce Framework
    Theodore Goldstein (Sun Microsystems Laboratories/Javasoft)
1005 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Highly Scalable On-line Payments Via Task Decoupling
    David William Kravitz (CertCo LLC, Albuquerque, NM, USA)
1120 -- 1155
    GUMP; Grand Unified Meta-Protocols
        Recipes for Simple, Standards-based Financial Cryptography
    Barbara Fox, Brian Beckman (Microsoft, Redmond, WA, USA)
1155 -- 1230
    Secure Network Communications and Secure Store & Forward Mechanisms
        with SAP R/3
    Bernhard Esslinger (SAP AG, Walldorf, Germany)
The conference will run from 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM, for five days, February
24-28 1997. Breakfast provided at the conference. The conference
organizers have left the afternoon and evenings open for corporate
sponsored events, for networking, and for recreational activities on the
resort island of Anguilla. Participants are encouraged to bring their families.
A 40-hour workshop, intended for anyone with commercial software
development experience who wants hands-on familiarity with the issues and
technology of financial cryptography, is planned in conjunction with FC97,
to be held during the week preceding the conference.
For more information on the workshop, please see the URL
 .
For workshop registration, see the URL
 .
The InterIsland Hotel is a small 14-room guesthouse and a large,
comfortable 150 seat conference facility with additional space for a small
10-booth exhibition. The Inter-Island is on Road Bay, near Sandy Ground
Village, in the South Hill section of Anguilla. The conference, workshop,
and exhibition will have TCP/IP internet access. The rooms at the
InterIsland itself have sold out, but there are many other hotels
and guesthouses on Anguilla, and shuttle service to the conference will be
Air Transportation and Hotels:
Air travel to Anguilla is typically done through either San Juan or St.
Thomas for US flights, or St. Maarten/Martin for flights from Europe and
the US.
Anguillan import duties are not imposed on hardware or software which will
leave the island again. There are no other taxes -- or cryptography
import/export restrictions -- on Anguilla.
Hotels range from spartan to luxurious, and more information about hotels
on Anquilla can be obtained from your travel agent, or at the URL
 .
General Chairs:
Robert Hettinga, Shipwright/e$, Boston, MA, USA;
Vincent Cate, Offshore Information Services, Anguilla, BWI;
Conference, Exhibits, and Sponsorship Manager:
Julie Rackliffe, Boston, MA, USA;
Workshop Leader:
Ian Goldberg, Berkeley, CA, USA;
You can register and pay for conference admission on the World Wide Web at
the URL  .
The cost of the FC97 Conference is US$1,000.
Booths for the exhibition start at US$5,000 and include two conference
tickets. For more information about exhibit space, contact Julie Rackliffe,
rackliffe . Sponsorship opportunities for FC97 are still available.
The cost of the workshop is US$5000, and includes meals but not lodging.
You can register for the workshop, which runs the week prior to the
conference, at the URL Financial Cryptography '97 is held in cooperation with the
International Association for Cryptologic Research.
It is sponsored by:
The Journal for Internet Banking and Commerce
Offshore Information Services e$ C2NET See Your Name Here Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-01-29 05:42:03
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: AltaVista sprouts a hole ... 
Actually, the ads *do* relate to the keywords. Try doing a search for
"flowers" and a search for "sex."
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1997-01-29 14:36:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Bruce "Penis With a Blister on it" Taylor strikes again... 
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Approximately 22 members of Congress filed an Amici Curiae brief with
the Supreme Court in Reno v. ACLY, the constitutional challenge to the
Communications Decency Act (this makes three known briefs filed so far
in support of the CDA).  The brief was filed on behalf of, among others,
Exon, Coats, Helms, Grassley, Hyde, and Goodlatte.  It was written by
Bruce Taylor and Cathleen A. Cleaver.  This brief can be accessed at
Litigation update page:  --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"The cost of anything is the foregone alternative" -- Walter Johnson
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone? "If *you* don't go to FC97, *I* don't go to FC97"

@_date: 1997-02-02 22:13:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Funds Transfer without stealing PIN/TAN 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Rachel Willmer Precedence: Bulk
--- From RISKS digest ---
The Berlin newspaper "Tagespiegel" reports on 29 Jan 97 about a television
show broadcast the previous evening on which hackers from the Chaos Computer
Club demonstrated how to electronically transfer funds without needing a PIN
(Personal Identification Number) or TAN (Transaction Number).
Apparently it suffices for the victim to visit a site which downloads an
ActiveX application, which automatically starts and checks to see if
Quicken, a popular financial software package that also offers electronic
funds transfer, is on the machine. If so, Quicken is given a transfer order
which is saved by Quicken in its pile of pending transfer orders. The next
time the victim sends off the pending transfer orders to the bank (and
enters in a valid PIN and TAN for that!)  all the orders (= 1 transaction)
are executed -> money is transferred without the victim noticing!
The newspaper quotes various officials at Microsoft et al expressing
disbelief/outrage/"we're working on it". We discussed this briefly in class
looking for a way to avoid the problem. Demanding a TAN for each transfer is
not a solution, for one, the banks only send you 50 at a time, and many
small companies pay their bills in bunches. Having to enter a TAN for each
transaction would be quite time-consuming. Our only solution would be to
forbid browsers from executing any ActiveX component without express
authorization, but that rather circumvents part of what ActiveX is intended
A small consolation: the transfer is trackable, that is, it can be
determined at the bank to which account the money went. Some banks even
include this information on the statement, but who checks every entry on
their statements...
Debora Weber-Wulff, Technische Fachhochschule Berlin, Luxemburger Str. 10,
13353 Berlin GERMANY weberwu Rachel Willmer, Intertrader Ltd, Cova House, 4 John's Place, Edinburgh
Email: rachel    Tel: +44 131 555 8450    Fax: +44 131 555 8451
Sun Internet Associate and winner of 1996 SMART Award for Innovation
                       "We develop Java Commerce Solutions"
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-03 17:56:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Embarrass a Marylander, Go to Jail 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: Various
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-02-04 23:28:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Harvard Symposium 
Bob:  I don't recall seeing this on e$pam and thought it might be
     of interest.  What with the Boston connection, it's clearly a
     dcsb-worthy item, and I'll send it to them separately.
______________________________ Forward Header
[CROSS-POSTED; PLEASE FORGIVE DUPLICATION]
PRESS RELEASE
Symposium:  Crime & Technology
Law Enforcement Technology % Cybercrime % Electronic Commerce
(Cambridge, Massachusetts) - The Harvard Journal of Law & Technology is
pleased to announce its Spring Symposium: "Crime & Technology."  The
Symposium will be held Saturday, March 15, 1997, in the Ames Courtroom at
the Harvard Law School in Cambridge, MA.
The Symposium will consist of two moderated panel discussions, as well as
several presentations.  The morning session is expected to focus on
"Search, Seizure, and Surveillance Technology," while the afternoon session
will focus on "The Risks of Electronic Banking & Commerce."
Admission to the Symposium is free to all Harvard affiliates (with valid
Harvard ID), $15 for all other students, $30 for public sector
professionals, and $100 for private sector professionals.
The Spring Issue of the Journal will include articles covering the broad
topic of "Crime and Technology."
For additional information about the Symposium or the Journal, contact
Symposium Editor Belinda Juran, by e-mail at juran or by
phone at the Harvard Journal of Law & Technology offices at
617-495-3606 or 617-493-7949.
ABOUT THE JOURNAL:
The Harvard Journal of Law & Technology is a leading scholarly
publication for articles addressing the many diverse interstices of
science and technology with law and society.  We have published articles
by law professors, practitioners, business leaders, and politicians on
varied topics including biotechnology, computers, international trade,
technology transfer, intellectual property, medical technologies, and
telecommunications. These and other subjects are some of the most
exciting and rapidly developing areas of the law, and we believe that the
dialogue provided by the Harvard Journal of Law & Technology will help to
shape the future of this important field.  We welcome submissions of
articles, case comments, or book reviews addressing the relationship of
law and technology.
SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION:
For additional information, please contact the Journal at the address
below.  The Journal publishes three issues each year. To subscribe to the
Journal's upcoming issues in Volume 10,  please send the Journal a check
for U.S. $45.00 (foreign orders $50.00) to the address below.  To obtain
the issue discussed above or back issues, please send the Journal a check
for $35.00 with a note indicating the desired issue (i.e., "Vol. 9 No. 2").
Media Contact:  Kenneth S. Dueker, Communications Editor
Release Date:  February 04, 1997.
              Harvard Journal of Law & Technology
              Publications Center
              Harvard Law School
              Cambridge, MA 02138
              Telephone: (617) 495-3606
              E-Mail:  jolt
              WWW:  --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-05 07:28:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NFIC Warning About Sexygirls web site 
I had to laugh when I read this...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: themet
Here is an interesting twist on how some crafty scamsters can
rack up money on your phone bill
National Fraud Information Center
Monday, February 4, 1997
PORNO SURPRISE
Consumers who visited a pornographic website
( last month got a big surprise on their
phone bills. After a few teaser pictures, surfer was told
he/she needed to download a special program to view the
archived images. That program was actually a viewer with an
entire communications suite hidden deep inside (a non-self
Trojan Horse). The program disconnected user from his/her ISPs,
shut off the volume on the modem if it was computer controlled,
and dialed a number in Moldova -- a small, former republic of
the Soviet Union wedged in between the Ukraine and Romania. All
the while the consumer was on the website, and even if he/she
then browsed other sites on the World Wide Web, the Internet
access was being provided through the Moldova number, resulting
in huge international phone charges! Consumers didn't know that
until their phone bills arrived. According to the Toronto Star
Business Reporter, there are Canadian reports of bills into the
The Toronto star also reports that the Royal Canadian Mounted
Police has requested all calls from Canada to that number in
Moldova be blocked. Bell Canada is attempting to provide relief
for Canadian consumers.
US consumers should contact their long distance providers if
they find these unexpected charges on their bill.
The RCMP has also required the owners of sexygirls.com to place
a disclaimer on the site, alerting consumers to the presence of
the communications software in the viewer. The disclaimer also
tells consumers how to disconnect if they do not wish to use
the server in Moldava.
In November, Internet Fraud Watch warned consumers concerning
the possible dangers of downloading programs over the Internet.
Some tips:
       Don't download unnecessary items. If it's just a piece
of razzle-dazzle, don't bother. It will only take up space on
your hard drive and perform no useful function. If there's no
gain for you from the program, there's no reason to take a
       Only download from sites you know and trust. While even
a major corporations site can sometimes have a viral
infection, a lone programmer might be using an attractive piece
of code as a delivery vehicle for his pet virus.
       Don't download material directly onto a computer network
at work. First download it onto a stand alone PC. Test  it out.
Make sure it doesn't have any malicious side-effects. Check
that machine for known viruses. Only at that point should you
install the downloaded program on a networked machine.
       If you feel you must download files, keep track of what
files you have on your system and what files are created during
a program installation. That way you can easily uninstall any
program if you find it to be undesirable. This also helps in
detecting new installed files that aren't supposed to be there.
Remember, your main worry is an executable file (i.e. a program
or application). Despite what you hear all over the Internet,
you cannot get a virus from a piece of e-mail.
If you are having a problem with calls to Moldova, the
connection will only be made if you attempt to use the viewer.
If you try to use the viewer, shut down your machine after you
are finished at that site. If you wish to remove the viewer
altogether, the file name is david.exe (for IBM users). If you
are in Windows, it should be in your program folder.
All material published is copyright.It must not be reproduced
in any form without the express permission of of the owner.
This Newsletter is broadcast using the List and Newsletter
Management facilities of Silverquick Communications
You may subscribe to FraudNews and the Fraud-Discuss lists on
the web pages at : --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:59:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
Now, this sounds familiar...
Everyone remember Eric's attempt to force signed messages?
Herding cats, indeed.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:43:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: MA Electronic Records and Signature Act 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: bounce-dcsb
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:40:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Remember the Blackout 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: owner-davenetworld
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-02-05 19:40:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche, e$pam plug, Moderation, Cypherpunks as a cresote bush 
For the longest time, I've had a couple of people from dtus.com on my e$pam
feed. They signed on when I started my own list out of www-buyinfo.
About 6 months ago, however, mail to them started bouncing out of e$, the
chat list I set up as an adjunct to e$pam. Which makes sense, because
that's when they stopped chatting about e$. :-). I expect that the same
thing happend to e$pam, though Rachel Wilmer, who is my e$pam listmaster
would have seen it, and not I.
Actually, e$ has become something of a watering hole, now with about twice
as many subscribers as e$pam does. Some cypherpunks among them.
Oh. While we're all talking about moderation, e$pam is a sort of filtered
superset of cypherpunks. I have filtered cypherpunks posts in it, but I
also have stuff from the 50-odd mail lists and 70 news groups I follow. The
total feed can reach 300k a day sometimes, mostly because I include the
full text of stuff like some of John Young's articles, and the text of the
occasional web-page which tickles my fancy. Sort of immoderate moderation.
:-). You can subscribe to it on my web page, which is in my .sig, below.
I've a bunch of people working with me now on e$pam, who, among other
things, are in the process of getting it set up in a searchable archive.
Though, to prevent crawlers from seeing all the juicy bits (cf. Mr. Young,
above), we're probably going to have some kind of certificate-access scheme
when we get it all running. Rodney Thayer, who's doing IPSEC stuff, (among
other things :-)), is going to run a quick-and-dirty generic certification
authority to make that happen.
In the meantime, if you're interested in e$, or financial crypto, or other
stuff I'm interested ("it don't say e$pam until Bob says it says e$pam"
:-)), you might want to check it.
Even though cypherpunks is a lot "cleaner" now, and I did encourage Sandy
in his efforts initially, I suppose I'm now weighing in with (horrors!) Tim
on the subject of moderation. I think that if Sandy and John want to create
a moderated list (like I have done, though e$pam is more specific in
content) out of what happens on cypherpunks, they could do it with exactly
the traffic they have now in experimental moderation mode. The current
machine load doesn't seem to be impacting the throughput to
cypherpunks(moderated), modulo Sandy's moderation time, though if
toad.com's being used for much else, there might be problems there.
Part of the nice thing about cypherpunks 1.0 was that anything could happen
there. That it was anarchy in practice. And, maybe because of my periodic
altercations with Mr. May on this list (thank god for his kill-file :-))
even the anonymous Tim-slams were occasionally entertaining, in a, ahem,
biologically curious sort of way. ;-).
So, I guess I think we should put it back the way it was. Including, please
Mr. Gilmore, "officially' resubscribing the Wee-vil Dr. V. Then those
who've made it so can annouce to the world that cypherpunks is again a
proper anarchy. Then we can us deal with miscreants the way we used to, by
ignoring them, (and the occasional e-mailbomb...).
Finally, I have an analogy for cypherpunks from nature. There are lots of
plants, some of them the technically the largest living beings on earth,
which, at first glance, look like a bunch of different individual plants.
Aspen groves, for instance, are all linked together under the soil to the
same system of roots, and are genetically the same individual. Some of
these "stands" of trees cover tens of square miles, and one patch of
Aspens, in Wyoming? Montana? is the world's largest living thing, massing
several million(?) tons, and probably tens of thousands of years old.
Fungi do this too. Toadstools (a rather, heh, fecund analog for
cypherpunks) tend to create very large "individuals", with each toadstool
representing the fruiting body for a huge bunch of mycyillia(sp?)
underneath it. Toadstools create structures called, ahem, "fairy rings",
where the central mushroom dies, only to be replaced by a ring of other
mushrooms, which die, and so on, until they're covering your whole fucking
lawn and messing up your lawnmower bag... (well, anyway, you get the idea.)
There was the claim a few years ago that the same genetic individual slime
mold covered half of Wisconsin (Minnesota?).
The king of all the plants which do this, I think, is the cresote bush,
which, I believe, in some pieces of the Sonorran(sp?) desert, cover
hundreds of square miles. Scientists, using tree-ring dating, have worked
back, through various rings of cresote bushes, using their very slow growth
rates in the desert environment, to the center of the creosote bush
cluster, to estimate the date of these things. I remember claims that these
plants may have started from a single individual, there at the long dead
(or at least regrown-over) center of the ring, more than a hundred, and
maybe several hundred thousand years ago.
So, let nature take its course. Most lists die when people stop posting to
it. That certainly hasn't happened to cypherpunks. And, when it does, we
can all migrate out into the numerous rings of lists that cypherpunks has
spawned (I think I can account about putting together 10 or so myself)
among them.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-06 11:22:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Blessing in Disguise? (H.R. 98, the "Consumer Internet Privacy Protection Act of 1997") 
This attempted legislation (see forward, below) is a blessing in disguise.
It's just more proof that book-entry commerce isn't going to work on the
net in the long run.
SET looks like it's having problems with Japanese commerce rules, which is
another example of this problem.
Cash settlement between blinded pseudonyms fixes all of these problems.
I like to joke that if digital commerce is flight, then book entry
settlement is Boyle's Law, and cryptography is Bernoulli's law, viz,
+  Sending a credit card in the clear is jumping off a cliff. The height of
the cliff you jump off is related to the number of times you send an
unencrypted credit card number and the amount you charge.  Credit card
companies aren't going to be guaranteeing all those trades much longer if
they lose too much money.
+  First Virtual is a tethered balloon. You're up in the air, but you don't
know what for, because all the action is happening on the ground. ;-).
+  SET, Cybercash/coin, SSL, and other encrypted-channel book entry
methods, is a derigeble. You're flying, but you're using minimally strong
crypto like little aerodynamic fins to push the giant gas bag of book-entry
settlement around.
+  Digital bearer certificate technology, like ecash, or MicroMint, or
Millicent, is an airplane. It "flys" with "wings" of strong cryptography,
which gives us reputation capital and enforcement, and instantly settled
microintermediated transactions. Thus, like aerodynamic flight, it will be
faster, cheaper, and easier to use than book-entry "derigible" transaction
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
          imarcom
Sorry for the crossposting, but I felt this one might be important enough
to do it.  The following is a shortened version of an article I've written
for my firm's client newsletter about H.R. 98, the "Consumer Internet
Privacy Protection Act of 1997", introduced by Rep. Bruce Vento (D. MN) on
January 7, 1997.  As the article describes, if the bill were enacted as
drafted, Internet commerce could conceivably be stopped dead in its tracks,
along with most of the reduced-fee-for-demographics online services.
Privacy is quite important, and many of us have worked and are working
extremely hard to protect privacy appropriately while still providing
convenient services to users, but this bill is way beyond a reasonable
approach.  I haven't seen much discussion about this bill, but it's now in
committee, and the time to act may be upon us.  Feel free to
e-mail/call/fax/talk to me with any further questions.  I look forward to
your feedback.  {Jonathan}
Jonathan I. Ezor
New Media Attorney, Davis & Gilbert, 1740 Broadway, New York, NY 10019
Tel: 212-468-4989   Fax: 212-468-4888   E-mail: jezor
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-06 17:00:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FinCEN hates cybercash, who 'da thunk it... 
In a geodesic network, any node which tries to process all the traffic
chokes. The network then routes, to paraphrase Gilmore, around it. :-).
I remember this pravda chart at CFP a year ago, where FinCEN was
"demonstrating" (in a chart with no Y-axis) their "increased supervisory
load" due to the exponentiating use of point to point electronic
transaction settlement.
Be careful whatcha wish for fellas. An old Texas A&M Aggie joke about a
poor monkey trying to put the cork back into a pig's butt comes to mind...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:44:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Interesting ressource 
X-Sender: leroux
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Philippe Le Roux The IEEE published a special issue of Spectrum
( about digital commerce and ecash.
This is the index :
Electronic money: toward a virtual wallet
By Tekla S. Perry
Hard currency is disappearing from many everyday transactions along the
road to electronic money.
Future of electronic money: a regulator's perspective
By Edward W. Kelley Jr.
The way electronics will fit into the evolution of money--from acting as a
niche player
to wreaking major changes in payment systems--has yet to be determined.
Credits and debits on the Internet
By Marvin A. Sirbu
CyberCash, First Virtual, GC Tech, NetBill--these and other systems have
been developed to enable electronic transfers of payments across the
'Minting' electronic cash
By David Chaum & Stefan Brands
Electronic cash can offer transaction privacy to honest users, affords
convenient storage and transportation, and protects against loss.
Traceable e-cash
By Peter S. Gemmell
One method of making electronic cash transactions private for honest users but
traceable by law enforcement agencies involves the use of trustees.
Crime and prevention: a Treasury viewpoint
By Stanley E. Morris
The speed and anonymity of electronic payment systems make them attractive
to those pursuing illicit activities.
Locking the e-safe
By Robert W. Baldwin & C. Victor Chang
Existing encryption-based security mechanisms can be combined to minimize a
wide range of threats to electronic commerce.
In your pocket: smartcards
By Carol Hovenga Fancher
A wallet full of cash, credit, and identification cards may, in the future,
be replaced
with two or three smartcards, each containing an IC, as a recent flurry of
tests and smartcard rollouts demonstrates.
Banking in cyberspace: an investment in itself
By Michael C. McChesney
While home banking has been around for some time, Internet banking is a new
concept, and has a number of advantages.
Technology takes to securities trading
By Steven M. H. Wallman
automation of traditional exchanges, technology is changing the way stock
markets work.
Nasdaq's technology floor: its president takes stock
By Alfred R. Berkeley III
This screen-based stock market has been particularly sensitive to the
effects of new
computer and communications capabilities.
The economics of e-cash
By Mike Ter Maat
Electronic cash can create profits for its issuers, and launch competition
for today's
government-controlled currency systems.
Money and the Internet: a strange new relationship
By Howard Anderson
This visionary sees the e-money revolution as inevitable, with "e-mail for
becoming as ubiquitous in the future as e-mail messages are already today.

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:43:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Teledesic Looks At SS-18's 
Sender: investor
Reply-To: "Space Investors Mailing List" Organization: LunaCity BBS - (Clan Zen Relay Network) Mountain View, CA
X-Article: 285
Teledesic Might Launch With Converted SS-18s
Teledesic Corp. is talking with a newly formed Russian-Ukrainian
group about launching up to 204 Teledesic satellites into low Earth
orbit aboard converted SS-18 missiles.
The Dnepr rocket is backed by the Russian and Ukrainian governments.
Their space agencies are partners in a joint-venture company to sell
commercial launch services. Askond of Moscow and Ukraine's Yuzhnoye
State Design Bureau are marketing the Dnepr. Teledesic, a U.S.
telecommunications company, plans to place about 900 satellites in
        Michael

@_date: 1997-02-11 09:01:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Online Government & Electronic Commerce - Legislation and Public Sector Initiatives 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                       Daniel Greenwood, Esq.
                       Deputy General Counsel
                  Information Technology Division
                   Commonwealth of Massachusetts
             "Online Government & Electronic Commerce -
              Legislation and Public Sector Initiatives"
                        Tuesday, March 4, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Dan will give us an update on recent information age legislative and
operational developments in the public sector.  Special attention will be
paid to: Electronic Signature and Record Legislation; Joint
Government/Private Sector Attempts to Set Certification Authority
Standards; Cutting Edge Public Sector PKI Projects; Recent Coordinated
State-Federal-Foreign Electronic Commerce Policy Initiatives; and much,
much more . . .
Daniel Greenwood, Esq.
Information Technology Division, Deputy General Counsel
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Office: home: Mr. Greenwood practices information technology law for the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts.  Recent relevant activities include:
* Co-Author of the Draft 1997 Mass. Electronic Records and Signature Act
* Chairman of the Commonwealth of Mass. PKI Task Force
* Chairman of the ABA Info. Security Comm., Legislative Sub-Committee
* Co-Chair of the ABA Cyberspace Law Comm., Legislative Work Group
* Contributing Author: ABA Digital Signature Guidelines
* Negotiator of Contracts for Internet Security and Payment Systems
* Board Member of SigNet.Org and Chair of Legal Special Interest Group
* Director of the Virtual State House Project (MIT/Stanford Law School)
* Faculty Member: MCLE Health Care & Info. Technology Program
* Guest Lecturer for Suffolk Law School High Tech. Symposium
* Selection Board Chairman for First Commonwealth of Mass. C/A Business
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, March 4, 1997 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, March 1, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
March  Daniel Greenwood  The Role of State Government in Digital Commerce
April  Stewart Baker     Encryption Policy and Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-11 22:38:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mac-Crypto 1997 session Schedule 
Sender: mac-crypto
Reply-To: Vinnie Moscaritolo Precedence: Bulk
hey all;
I have posted a preliminary list of sessions for the 1997 Mac-Crypto
conference at the Mac-Crypto conference at the webpage
if you haven't registered, please get your name in now!
if you want to give a talk, please drop me a line asap.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-11 21:49:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks 
Hey, folks,
I thought all you had to do to create an alt.group was to have a news admin
somewhere just make a group; send out a control message of somekind. I
thought that alt groups didn't have to go through a charter, or voting
process, or anything else. They just happened.
Then, everyone just has to tell their local news admin that they went to
see it, or they can wait until their news admin sees it flying by, and adds
it to the available groups list at his own discretion.
It's not like we want comp.cypherpunks or something, with a voting process,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-12 15:26:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Need a good bi-directional mail-news gateway 
^^^^^^^
Let's run cypherpunks with a government subsidy.
Pulling your leg, just a bit..
Bob Hettinga
"So much for a geodesic monitary system..."
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-12 17:41:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Shameless FC97 Plug: (Was Re: anonymity and e-cash) 
And, of course, Ian's going to teach all this fun stuff in Anguilla next week.
E-mail me, and I'll refresh your memory with a workshop program, or just
click on the FC97 URL in my .sig, below. We have lots of room. Just don't
take American, though American Eagle's okay...
Shamelessly yours,
P. T. Hettinga
Promotional Chairman,
FC97 Workshop, Conference, and Exhibition
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-15 07:57:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mirrors and replies-to 
Well, so far, I've got three cypherpunks mailboxes. One for sirius, one for
algebra, and one for toad. It was interesting to me that I got stuff from
the mirrors faster than toad until I remembered that the mirrors are wired
to the unmoderated list at toad, and I'm still subscribed to the moderated
list there.
However, I would like it if the mirror operators would reinstantiate a
feature of the original list for me. The reply-to field on the mirrors is
currently set to cypherpunks On the original list, this was set
to "sender", both to keep people from replying to the list unnecessarily
(hah! :-)) but also to keep mail loops from forming. Mail loops could be a
big problem, especially when you guys put together your neo-netnews
mailring. (a little jyaism, that... :-)).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-16 14:41:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: *Really* Shameless, Gratuitous, FC97 DFA Hucksterism (Was Re: DFA) 
At FC97  ;-), we have the following paper
at 10:45 on Tuesday February 22nd:
I'm not sure whether which side of the fight this paper will be on, but it
could be easy to speculate from the title. :-).
On the other side of the coin, we invited Shamir to come talk about his DFA
work, but eventually it turned out that he couldn't make the trip. Maybe
next year. We *did* get Ron Rivest, though.
(Shameless plug: Our *other* invited speakers are Simon L. Lelieveldt of
the Dutch central bank, who'll talk about the security of electronic money,
and Peter Wayner, the author of "Digital Cash", who'll talk about money
laundering.) (*Really* shameless hucksterism: Since AA *didn't* strike,
they're offering mucho cheapseat deals to places like Anguilla and St.
Maarten, a short ferry ride away, even if you make your reservations on
really short notice. Like, maybe to go to FC97? Nudge, Nudge. We can also
get you *cheap* hotel rooms when you get there... Wink, wink, wink.)
Meanwhile, the FC97 workshop (which runs the week prior to the conference
itself) starts on Monday, and, having weathered the American Airlines
non-strike, Ian Goldberg, Adam Shostack and Gary Howland are now all down
in Anguilla getting things set up. I don't think people can get to *that*
in time, but, hey, you could *try*, I suppose. Better get packing, though,
'cause time is running out. The workshop starts at 09:00 tomorrow.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-16 14:56:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97: Post-strike airfares 
One more datablip about FC97 and I'll shut up a bit.
Having just promised gratuitously cheap airfares to Anguilla/St. Maarten, I
went and called the local branch of American Express Travel and got some
actual prices. Their number is 617-868-2600, but AEXP-T has branches
everywhere, and, I think, an 800 number, so you might want to get ahold of
them that way...
Anyway, here's what I got, as of about 20 minutes ago:
For departures 2/22/97 with return 3/1/97,
Boston  Anguilla           $  864
Boston  St. Maarten           851 (+ Taxi and short ferry ride to Anguilla)
San Francisco  Anguilla       828
San Francisco  St. Maarten    748
Heathrow  Anguilla          1,315 (looks like the strike didn't affect you
folks, sorry)
All in all, that's as good as the prices we were getting for 14 day advance
purchase earlier this month. Not bad, but not completely spectacular. Note
that it's cheaper to get to Anguilla or St. Maarten from San Francisco than
it is from Boston, so y'all don't have an excuse. Well, possibly seat
fatigue, but Sunday on the beach will fix that.
I'll check tomorrow to see if the airline yield management software war
gives us something better after the weekend's over. Only if fares are
significantly lower will I post something here about it, in the interest of
nomex conservation. :-).
If you *do* decide to fly while the seats are hot, don't forget to register
for FC97 first, so we can plan for meals and stuff:
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-17 09:11:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97 lookalike: Stock Trading over the Internet Conference 
I don't know about *lookalike*...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
STOCK TRADING OVER THE INTERNET
Exploiting the power of Electronic Commerce
March 19-20, 1997 * The Pan Pacific Hotel * San Francisco, CA
Hear first hand tips from the true pioneers in Internet stock trading and
electronic commerce on:
       Conquering the process of going public
       Raising capital in your company via the Internet
       Using the Web to build your business and partnering with
       co-opitition
       Forming permanent syndicates to foster the creation of new
       offerings
       Creating effective and complete marketing plans for IPO's
       and DPO's
       Attracting customers and delivering services through the
       exploding electronic commerce market
The audience for this event will include companies looking to offer
shares via the Internet and drastically cut costs including; Chief
Executive Officers, Chief Financial Officers, Managing Directors,
General Managers, Investor Relations Managers, Underwriters, Stock
Exchange Executives, Venture Capitalists, Investment Bankers,
Private Company Executives, Business Development Executives,
Technology and Business Press and all those seeking to explore
opportunities on the emerging Internet marketplace
DAY ONE
March 19, 1997
Chairman: Brad W. Smith, President, WBS & A, Ltd.
       8:30 REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS ON INTERNET
       PUBLIC OFFERINGS
       This session will review the many regulatory and legislative
       issues involved in the development of Internet public
       offerings. In particular, how and why the regulatory bodies
       of the NASD, NASDAQ and the SEC are making a
       commitment to the Internet as a vehicle that serves the
       investor. Proper surveillance procedures have been created and
       executed to protect all parties. Internet initiatives have been
       developed to bridge the market side and regulatory side of
       these complex issues.
       Al Dandridge, Associate Director of Corporate Finance
       U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
       Charles Bennett, Associate Director of Corporate Finance
       NASD
       9:30 INTERNET TRADING MARKET PROJECTIONS
       Internet trading is an emerging market wave that is poised for
       explosive growth. More than 60 million investors have
       brokerage accounts. The media reports that Internet brokerage
       accounts will jump from 1.5 million today to 9.3 million by
       the year 2001; Every bank will use the Internet to attract
       customers and deliver services in the next five years and
       electronic commerce will grow to $600 billion annually
       within the next 10 years. Visionaries believe that one of the
       most profound effects of these phenomena's will be to
       changehow small businesses get capitalized. They predict that
       small business public offerings will become routine for
       nano-cap companies.
       This session will present a strategic overview of the
       emergence of internet capabilities that make it possible for
       investors to invest in and trade nano-cap company stocks.
       Brad Smith, President
       WBS & A, Ltd.
       bradwsmith
       11:00 GOING PUBLIC: HOW TO RAISE CAPITAL
       THROUGH A DIRECT PUBLIC OFFERING (DPO) This
       session will explore from concept to completion, how to
       perform all of the necessary functions to prepare and market a
       DPO and/or an Internet DPO. A case study will be shared of a
       DPO that will be presented to the investment community
       world-wide in early 1997. Learn from the experts the
       specifics on how to take your company where you want to go
       and ensure success including:
              Marketing through an investor relations firm
              Choosing an appropriate analyst
              Utilizing a transfer agent
              The link between broker and internet commerce
       David A. Levonian, President
       INTERNATIONAL INVESTOR RELATIONS
              1:00 OVERCOMING THE PITFALLS AND
       CHALLENGES OF GOING PUBLIC
       The advantages of "going public" appear straight forward. The
       company accesses the capital it needs to expand or refine its
       product. (In a purely coincidental occurrence, the current
       shareholder [including investment bankers, SEC lawyers and
       stock brokers] get rich.)
       There are numerous challenges in conquering the process of
       "going public" including:
              There are problems with the lawyers, accountants
              and the bankers and they are on YOUR SIDE
              There are pounds of paper forms which must be
              submitted to every group, not to mention the SEC.
              However, an approved offering does not make a
              successful offering. It still must be marketed,
              either by stock brokers OR MAYBE directly over
              the Internet. And not just to the U.S., but to the
              entire world.
              That may be the wave of the future. Direct access to
              securities and their offering companies over the
              Internet.
       Michael J. Waddell, President
       PROMARKETING, INC.
       Developer of the ( selected by
       PC Novice Guide to the Web as one of the Internet "Greatest
       Sites"
       2:00 IPONET: SELLING & ADVERTISING IPO'S ON THE
       INTERNET: THE CREATION OF THE FIRST
       PERMANENT SYNDICATE
       IPOnet is currently the only site on the Internet with
       clearance from the SEC to advertise and sell new security
       offerings online.
       IPOnet intends to have multiple Broker/Dealers listed on it's
       site.
       This will create the first permanent syndicate of
       Broker/Dealers.
       These Broker/Dealers will act as selected dealers for each
       others offerings and act as underwriters of their own
       offerings.
       This session will examine the following topics:
              Why the broker can not be eliminated from the
              offerings
              What really happens when an IPO is put on the
              Internet
              Why DPO's will never be a major threat to brokers
              Why a permanent syndicate will foster the creation
              of new offerings
       Leo J. Feldman, President
       IPONET
              lfeldman
       3:30 THE IMPORTANCE OF TRADITIONAL
       EXCHANGES AS A SECONDARY MARKET
       Taking your company public via the Internet, rather than the
       traditional exchange, has become a very viable alternative for
       small business owners. However, unless the offering is
       backed by a complete marketing plan, it is unlikely that the
       offering will reap huge financial rewards and achieve success.
       Incorporating a traditional exchange as a secondary market
       into the plan can solidify, stabilize and extend the offering
       beyond the Internet marketplace and create longevity and
       security and financial return on your offering. This session
       will explore secondary markets and how traditional
       exchanges are advocating the collaborative efforts of
       traditional and web offerings.
       Iris Golden Brackett, Manager
       Listing Sales
       CHICAGO STOCK EXCHANGE
       4:30 Panel Discussion: PUBLIC OFFERINGS AND THE
       INTERNET: LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS
       Join three of the most influential Internet finance and
       securities attorneys for this highly interactive session. They
       will discuss the legal aspects associated with buying and
       selling securities on the Internet, including private
       placement, Regulation A offerings and independent public
       offerings. Come prepared to share your challenges and
       solutions!
       William D. Evers, Esq.
       MILLER, MAILLIARD & CULVER
       M. Greg Allio, Esq.
       SHARTSIS, FRIESE & GINSBERG
       John Perkins, Chairman
       THE SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL ACCESS
       ASSOCIATION
       Charles Bennett, Associate Director of Corporate Finance
       NASD
       5:45 CLOSE OF DAY ONE
DAY TWO
March 20, 1997
       8:15 ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARDS FOR BID AND
       ASK OFFERS: THE EMERGENCE OF DIRECT STOCK
       MARKET
       The secondary market is the key to successful initial and direct
       public offerings. The traditional brokerage community has
       their hands tied when it comes to underwriting and making
       markets in small company issues. A new strata of corporate
       finance is being created by technological advances which
       marry capital requirements of entrepreneurs with risk/return
       and information demands of investors. This presentation will
       explore:
              Using the internet to raise capital for your company
              Secondary market trading on the Internet
              Virtual roadshows online
              Building your own public venture capital portfolio
              Investing in public venture funds
       Clay Womack, President
       DIRECT STOCK MARKET
              9:15 EXPLOITING INTERNET TECHNOLOGY TO
       REACH A GLOBAL AUDIENCE
       The power of the Internet has unleashed the potential for new
       business expansion and financial opportunity in a global
       market. Foreign businesses can now join forces quickly to
       create products and services and offer them to a larger
       population than before. This session will examine how to
       cultivate these partnerships, foster growth and secure
       positive financial outcomes by:
              Using the Web to build your business and
              partnering with co-opitition
              Attracting "qualified" people to your site
              Exploring value-added opportunities in the
              financial market on the Internet
       Michael Withrow, Director
       POWERTRADER, INC.
              10:45 UNDERSTANDING THE COMPONENTS OF A
       STOCK TRANSFER
       Choosing a transfer agent with diversity of services allows
       your company to do more and retain extra added-value
       components and services. This session will take you
       step-by-step through the IPO process from working with
       attorneys through to the transfer work. Learn how to: How
       to judicate a stock transfer
       Outline the processes needed
       Develop the steps involved
       Anticipate the role of the Internet in stock transfers
       Sherri Herman, President
       THE HERMAN GROUP, INC.
       SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL ACCESS ASSOCIATION
       1:00 INTERNET TRANSACTIONS FOR THE
       PORTFOLIO MANAGER
       This session will feature case studies and the future outlook
       on internet transactions for portfolio managers including:
              What is the Electronic/Internet Information
              System?
              -Office based and wireless
              -Text and video
              How is it used?
              -The two way information flows
              -Routine and custom information
              Specific needs and requirements for the portfolio
              manager and ways of customizing the information
              What are the advantages of the new system?
              Costs and tools of the system
              -Dollars
              -Technology
              -Savvy and advertising
       John Palicka, CFA, CMT
       Portfolio Manager
       GLOBAL EMERGING GROWTH
       2:30 INTERNET OPPORTUNITIES FOR PUBLIC
       COMPANIES
       This session will focus on opportunities available on the
       Internet to companies that are publicly traded. A presentation
       no senior executive should miss! This presentation will
       examine why public companies should consider the added
       profitability of the Internet and offer specific Internet
       strategies and risks including:
              Using the Internet to improve liquidity
              Build a stock analyst following using the Internet
              Dealing with Motley Fool's and other potential
              risks
       M. Greg Allio, Partner
       SHARTSIS FRIESE & GINSBERG
       3:30 CREATING AN ELECTRONIC STOCK EXCHANGE
       Exploiting IP-Understanding Internet Protocol (IP) - How
       to make your business grow ON-LINE by using the "best of"
       all available software
       Order Driven Systems- Understanding why market makers &
       specialists are a "necessary evil" we live with, and look at the
       functionality of SuperDot-type automation as opposed to
       Drop Copy
       A Virtual Branch Office- The growth of the independent
       brokerage industry, and a look at what will happen to the
       traditional registered representative
       Compliance/Supervision- How a small brokerage firm will
       supervise their representatives in the Internet age
       Ken Gruneisen, President & CEO, BEST EX, INC.
       THE BOCA RATON ELECTRONIC STOCK EXCHANGE
       5:30 END OF CONFERENCE
Post Conference Workshops
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-19 06:26:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Any more like www.anonymizer.com ?? 
And, of course, you can hear about the next generation from the same bunch,
on Monday morning at FC97:
    Unlinkable Serial Transactions
    Paul F. Syverson (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA),
    Stuart G. Stubblebine (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA),
    David M. Goldschlag (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA)
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-19 15:43:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "cypherpunks is dead..." 
"...long live cypherpunks?"
"So long, and thanks for all the fish?"
But, seriously, folks...
Lucky Green echoed many of my own thoughts when he talked about all the
things being on this list has meant to him. Like Lucky, there is a
rediculously huge list of things that this list has taught me over the
almost three (wow..) years or so that I've been here.
Thanks to all of you here, I have had nothing short of a Copernican
transformation in my perception of the universe, and it completely changed
what I wanted to do with the rest of my life. From the very first time I
started reading this list and applying what I learned here to what I
already knew, right then, for the first time in a *very* long time, I knew
*exactly* how some very important pieces of the world actually worked, and
more important, why they were going to change.  I now *know* where the
world is going to go. Maybe not when, of course, but certainly where and
how. :-) (Old stock picker's joke: "I can tell you what. I can tell you
when. I can't tell you both. If I did, I wouldn't tell *you*.")
Anyway, I've learned all these things from many cypherpunks, some still
here, and a lot who've left. I expect that, as we move into the next phase
of this "group", we'll continue to teach ourselves much more about the
world and strong cryptography's effect on it. But, nothing will compare to
the feeling we'll get when we remember the time we've spent here at Toad
Hall. We have John Gilmore to thank for the "lodgings", of course, and,
certainly, for his encouragement and support.  And, obviously, his
tolerance, which finally sagged and broke under the weight of both his
expectations and those of our own.
We also have to thank Tim May for his um, ideological, presence on this
list from since before it existed, :-), and, or course, for his current
"leadership", both moral and political. (Of course, I can say all the next
few wierd and gushy things about him without fear of refutation on his
part, 'cause, in his wisdom, I'm still in his killfile ;-)) It was Tim who
was our compass. It was Tim who came down from the mountain and stopped us
from worshiping the fatted calf of censorship, and who is now leading us
into the promised land of unfettered discourse, both on usenet and on the
new cypherpunk server network. Since Tim paper-trained most of us here
(myself included, though some may debate how well he succeeded :-)), that
is, how to behave on this list, and, most important, how to imagine what a
world of strong crytography on ubiquitous networks would look like, I now
find his "leading" us out onto the net, and away from Sinai, most
symmetrical indeed. :-).
And so, in this last 24 hours or so on toad.com, I want to thank *both* Tim
and John. But, also, I personally want to thank the "money-punks". People
like Eric Hughes, and Perry Metzger, and Ian Goldberg, and Hal Finney, and
Lucky Green, and Duncan Frissell, and Black Unicorn, and many, many other
people, who have helped me work through, on this list, or in private
e-mail, or, occasionally, in person, all of the stuff they know, and the
stuff I have figured out myself. All about e$, about digital bearer
certificate markets, about microintermediation. All the things which
completely occupy almost all my waking thoughts these days.
Because of this list's effect on my life, I have been motivated to start
the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, to evangelize financial
cryptography to any audience who would listen to me, to create a web site
dedicated to e$, to create a group of e$ lists with some 300 total
subscribers, to work with Vinnie Moscaritolo to create both the Mac-Crypto
lists and conferences, to work with Vince Cate and Ray Hirschfeld to create
the world's first peer-reviewed conference on financial cryptography, and
with Vince and Ian Goldberg to create the world's first intensive financial
cryptography bootcamp (which is going on as I write this). To create, with
Vinnie, and Rachel Wilmer, and Anthony Templer, and Bob Antia, and Rodney
Thayer, the next generation of the e$ website and mailing lists.
Next week, I go to FC97 in Anguilla because of the things I've learned on
this list. In the middle of March, I go to Cupertino to help Vinnie with
Mac-Crypto 2.0, because of the things I've learned on this list. I've been
invited to speak all over the world (and New Hampshire, too :-)) to talk
about this stuff. I get quoted in the newspapers. I write magazine op-ed
pieces. It has even earned me a buck or two. :-).
In short, I owe everything I do of any consequence these days to my
participation on this list, and, for that, I'm profoundly grateful to all
of you for the privelege of being here: to listen, to learn, and,
occasionally, to pay back all the stuff I've learned with a thing or two
that I've worked out myself.
Like that creosote bush I talked about before, cypherpunks is not going to
die just because the address "cypherpunks ceases to exist. There
are already 3rd-order cypherpunks lists out there. 3rd generation copies of
the same "memetic" material. cypherpunks will *never* die, short of a
cybernetic Chixalub event of some kind, and, frankly, even then. The
internet sees censorship as damage and routes around it.
So. In a very real sense, today on cypherpunks is like any other day in the
life of a creosote bush. It's a big desert, folks. We're the only ones who
know how to live out here. The whole damn desert, as far as the eye can
see, is ours to move into.
All we have to do is keep filling in the empty spots...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-19 15:47:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mobil adopts no-physical-connection electronic payment token 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: bounce-dcsb
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-02-20 06:56:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: E-Gold: It had to happen 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
Yo, dude
Nice one, perhaps you could scan in the ad, seeing as my issue doesn't
arrive until ... March.  Your system "appears to be" an accounting
system stuck on top of SSL.  But I guess we don't get to find out, for
sure, unless we commit lots of bucks...
Yeah, nice pages, lots of homework done here folks, but you forgot to
  who are you?
  where are you?
  when are you?
  will you be?
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd - Commerce Solutions in the UK
Visit  for details ...
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it!  See Or, for e$/e$pam sponsorship, see Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-20 12:56:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "cypherpunks is dead..." 
Uh, that wasn't me.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-20 12:57:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FWD: (CHANGE: NUVUPSY - Against the therapeutic state) 
Tell me what this has to do with cryptography, and I'll give you a nickle.
Or, maybe not...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To:     "Dr. Jeffrey A. Schaler" Sender:       NEW-LIST - New List Announcements Organization: The American University
NVVUPSY has moved to a new server and has a new E-mail address.
NUVUPSY on LISTSERV
    "Although we may not know it, we have, in our day, witnessed the birth
    of the Therapeutic State.  This is perhaps the major implication of
    psychiatry as an institution of social control."  (Thomas Szasz, 1963)
    NUVUPSY is a forum to share points of view critical of the "therapeutic
    state" and institutional psychiatry, and those supportive of contractual
    psychotherapy and psychiatry.  We're interested in discussions concerning
    the relationship between liberty and responsibility and its implications
    for clinical, legal, and public policy.  The list will serve to promote
    alternative views to explaining unwanted behaviors.
    Sociological perspectives on the medicalization of deviant behavior are
    welcome.  Other topics for discussion include but are not limited to:
    The myth of addiction as a disease;  the ideology of biological
    determinism;  the obsolescence of the schizophrenia hypothesis;  coerced
    treatment for addiction and First Amendment rights;  criticism
    of psychiatric drug prescriptions;  etc.
    NUVUPSY Board of Advisors include:  Bruce K. Alexander, Phil Brown,
    Robert C. Carson, David J. Essex, Louis B. Fierman, Robert E. Haskell,
    Reid Klion, James C. Mancuso, Roberta Russell, Theodore R. Sarbin,
    Jeffrey A. Schaler, and Richard E. Vatz.
    Archives of NUVUPSY mail items are kept in monthly files.  You may obtain
    a list of files in the archives by sending the command
      INDEX NUVUPSY
    in the BODY of e-mail to LISTSERV
    (NUVU as in "new view", V=vee)
    To subscribe, send the following command in the BODY of mail to
    LISTSERV
       SUBSCRIBE NUVUPSY yourfirstname yourlastname
    Owner:  Jeffrey A. Schaler, Ph.D.  jschale
            Martin W. Smith            mws
            NUVUPSY List Coordinators
                                 -------
Use this information at your own risk.  For more information and disclaimer
send E-mail to LISTSERV with the command  INFO NEW-LIST
in the body.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-04 18:05:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Harvard Symposium 
Bob:  I don't recall seeing this on e$pam and thought it might be
     of interest.  What with the Boston connection, it's clearly a
     dcsb-worthy item, and I'll send it to them separately.
______________________________ Forward Header
[CROSS-POSTED; PLEASE FORGIVE DUPLICATION]
PRESS RELEASE
Symposium:  Crime & Technology
Law Enforcement Technology % Cybercrime % Electronic Commerce
(Cambridge, Massachusetts) - The Harvard Journal of Law & Technology is
pleased to announce its Spring Symposium: "Crime & Technology."  The
Symposium will be held Saturday, March 15, 1997, in the Ames Courtroom at
the Harvard Law School in Cambridge, MA.
The Symposium will consist of two moderated panel discussions, as well as
several presentations.  The morning session is expected to focus on
"Search, Seizure, and Surveillance Technology," while the afternoon session
will focus on "The Risks of Electronic Banking & Commerce."
Admission to the Symposium is free to all Harvard affiliates (with valid
Harvard ID), $15 for all other students, $30 for public sector
professionals, and $100 for private sector professionals.
The Spring Issue of the Journal will include articles covering the broad
topic of "Crime and Technology."
For additional information about the Symposium or the Journal, contact
Symposium Editor Belinda Juran, by e-mail at juran or by
phone at the Harvard Journal of Law & Technology offices at
617-495-3606 or 617-493-7949.
ABOUT THE JOURNAL:
The Harvard Journal of Law & Technology is a leading scholarly
publication for articles addressing the many diverse interstices of
science and technology with law and society.  We have published articles
by law professors, practitioners, business leaders, and politicians on
varied topics including biotechnology, computers, international trade,
technology transfer, intellectual property, medical technologies, and
telecommunications. These and other subjects are some of the most
exciting and rapidly developing areas of the law, and we believe that the
dialogue provided by the Harvard Journal of Law & Technology will help to
shape the future of this important field.  We welcome submissions of
articles, case comments, or book reviews addressing the relationship of
law and technology.
SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION:
For additional information, please contact the Journal at the address
below.  The Journal publishes three issues each year. To subscribe to the
Journal's upcoming issues in Volume 10,  please send the Journal a check
for U.S. $45.00 (foreign orders $50.00) to the address below.  To obtain
the issue discussed above or back issues, please send the Journal a check
for $35.00 with a note indicating the desired issue (i.e., "Vol. 9 No. 2").
Media Contact:  Kenneth S. Dueker, Communications Editor
Release Date:  February 04, 1997.
              Harvard Journal of Law & Technology
              Publications Center
              Harvard Law School
              Cambridge, MA 02138
              Telephone: (617) 495-3606
              E-Mail:  jolt
              WWW:  --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-05 05:44:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NFIC Warning About Sexygirls web site 
I had to laugh when I read this...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: themet
Here is an interesting twist on how some crafty scamsters can
rack up money on your phone bill
National Fraud Information Center
Monday, February 4, 1997
PORNO SURPRISE
Consumers who visited a pornographic website
( last month got a big surprise on their
phone bills. After a few teaser pictures, surfer was told
he/she needed to download a special program to view the
archived images. That program was actually a viewer with an
entire communications suite hidden deep inside (a non-self
Trojan Horse). The program disconnected user from his/her ISPs,
shut off the volume on the modem if it was computer controlled,
and dialed a number in Moldova -- a small, former republic of
the Soviet Union wedged in between the Ukraine and Romania. All
the while the consumer was on the website, and even if he/she
then browsed other sites on the World Wide Web, the Internet
access was being provided through the Moldova number, resulting
in huge international phone charges! Consumers didn't know that
until their phone bills arrived. According to the Toronto Star
Business Reporter, there are Canadian reports of bills into the
The Toronto star also reports that the Royal Canadian Mounted
Police has requested all calls from Canada to that number in
Moldova be blocked. Bell Canada is attempting to provide relief
for Canadian consumers.
US consumers should contact their long distance providers if
they find these unexpected charges on their bill.
The RCMP has also required the owners of sexygirls.com to place
a disclaimer on the site, alerting consumers to the presence of
the communications software in the viewer. The disclaimer also
tells consumers how to disconnect if they do not wish to use
the server in Moldava.
In November, Internet Fraud Watch warned consumers concerning
the possible dangers of downloading programs over the Internet.
Some tips:
       Don't download unnecessary items. If it's just a piece
of razzle-dazzle, don't bother. It will only take up space on
your hard drive and perform no useful function. If there's no
gain for you from the program, there's no reason to take a
       Only download from sites you know and trust. While even
a major corporations site can sometimes have a viral
infection, a lone programmer might be using an attractive piece
of code as a delivery vehicle for his pet virus.
       Don't download material directly onto a computer network
at work. First download it onto a stand alone PC. Test  it out.
Make sure it doesn't have any malicious side-effects. Check
that machine for known viruses. Only at that point should you
install the downloaded program on a networked machine.
       If you feel you must download files, keep track of what
files you have on your system and what files are created during
a program installation. That way you can easily uninstall any
program if you find it to be undesirable. This also helps in
detecting new installed files that aren't supposed to be there.
Remember, your main worry is an executable file (i.e. a program
or application). Despite what you hear all over the Internet,
you cannot get a virus from a piece of e-mail.
If you are having a problem with calls to Moldova, the
connection will only be made if you attempt to use the viewer.
If you try to use the viewer, shut down your machine after you
are finished at that site. If you wish to remove the viewer
altogether, the file name is david.exe (for IBM users). If you
are in Windows, it should be in your program folder.
All material published is copyright.It must not be reproduced
in any form without the express permission of of the owner.
This Newsletter is broadcast using the List and Newsletter
Management facilities of Silverquick Communications
You may subscribe to FraudNews and the Fraud-Discuss lists on
the web pages at : --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-05 08:05:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
Now, this sounds familiar...
Everyone remember Eric's attempt to force signed messages?
Herding cats, indeed.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:07:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: MA Electronic Records and Signature Act 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: bounce-dcsb
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-02-05 17:07:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Remember the Blackout 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: owner-davenetworld
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-02-05 18:11:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche, e$pam plug, Moderation, Cypherpunks as a cresotebush 
For the longest time, I've had a couple of people from dtus.com on my e$pam
feed. They signed on when I started my own list out of www-buyinfo.
About 6 months ago, however, mail to them started bouncing out of e$, the
chat list I set up as an adjunct to e$pam. Which makes sense, because
that's when they stopped chatting about e$. :-). I expect that the same
thing happend to e$pam, though Rachel Wilmer, who is my e$pam listmaster
would have seen it, and not I.
Actually, e$ has become something of a watering hole, now with about twice
as many subscribers as e$pam does. Some cypherpunks among them.
Oh. While we're all talking about moderation, e$pam is a sort of filtered
superset of cypherpunks. I have filtered cypherpunks posts in it, but I
also have stuff from the 50-odd mail lists and 70 news groups I follow. The
total feed can reach 300k a day sometimes, mostly because I include the
full text of stuff like some of John Young's articles, and the text of the
occasional web-page which tickles my fancy. Sort of immoderate moderation.
:-). You can subscribe to it on my web page, which is in my .sig, below.
I've a bunch of people working with me now on e$pam, who, among other
things, are in the process of getting it set up in a searchable archive.
Though, to prevent crawlers from seeing all the juicy bits (cf. Mr. Young,
above), we're probably going to have some kind of certificate-access scheme
when we get it all running. Rodney Thayer, who's doing IPSEC stuff, (among
other things :-)), is going to run a quick-and-dirty generic certification
authority to make that happen.
In the meantime, if you're interested in e$, or financial crypto, or other
stuff I'm interested ("it don't say e$pam until Bob says it says e$pam"
:-)), you might want to check it.
Even though cypherpunks is a lot "cleaner" now, and I did encourage Sandy
in his efforts initially, I suppose I'm now weighing in with (horrors!) Tim
on the subject of moderation. I think that if Sandy and John want to create
a moderated list (like I have done, though e$pam is more specific in
content) out of what happens on cypherpunks, they could do it with exactly
the traffic they have now in experimental moderation mode. The current
machine load doesn't seem to be impacting the throughput to
cypherpunks(moderated), modulo Sandy's moderation time, though if
toad.com's being used for much else, there might be problems there.
Part of the nice thing about cypherpunks 1.0 was that anything could happen
there. That it was anarchy in practice. And, maybe because of my periodic
altercations with Mr. May on this list (thank god for his kill-file :-))
even the anonymous Tim-slams were occasionally entertaining, in a, ahem,
biologically curious sort of way. ;-).
So, I guess I think we should put it back the way it was. Including, please
Mr. Gilmore, "officially' resubscribing the Wee-vil Dr. V. Then those
who've made it so can annouce to the world that cypherpunks is again a
proper anarchy. Then we can us deal with miscreants the way we used to, by
ignoring them, (and the occasional e-mailbomb...).
Finally, I have an analogy for cypherpunks from nature. There are lots of
plants, some of them the technically the largest living beings on earth,
which, at first glance, look like a bunch of different individual plants.
Aspen groves, for instance, are all linked together under the soil to the
same system of roots, and are genetically the same individual. Some of
these "stands" of trees cover tens of square miles, and one patch of
Aspens, in Wyoming? Montana? is the world's largest living thing, massing
several million(?) tons, and probably tens of thousands of years old.
Fungi do this too. Toadstools (a rather, heh, fecund analog for
cypherpunks) tend to create very large "individuals", with each toadstool
representing the fruiting body for a huge bunch of mycyillia(sp?)
underneath it. Toadstools create structures called, ahem, "fairy rings",
where the central mushroom dies, only to be replaced by a ring of other
mushrooms, which die, and so on, until they're covering your whole fucking
lawn and messing up your lawnmower bag... (well, anyway, you get the idea.)
There was the claim a few years ago that the same genetic individual slime
mold covered half of Wisconsin (Minnesota?).
The king of all the plants which do this, I think, is the cresote bush,
which, I believe, in some pieces of the Sonorran(sp?) desert, cover
hundreds of square miles. Scientists, using tree-ring dating, have worked
back, through various rings of cresote bushes, using their very slow growth
rates in the desert environment, to the center of the creosote bush
cluster, to estimate the date of these things. I remember claims that these
plants may have started from a single individual, there at the long dead
(or at least regrown-over) center of the ring, more than a hundred, and
maybe several hundred thousand years ago.
So, let nature take its course. Most lists die when people stop posting to
it. That certainly hasn't happened to cypherpunks. And, when it does, we
can all migrate out into the numerous rings of lists that cypherpunks has
spawned (I think I can account about putting together 10 or so myself)
among them.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-06 09:28:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Blessing in Disguise? (H.R. 98, the "Consumer Internet PrivacyProtection Act of 1997") 
This attempted legislation (see forward, below) is a blessing in disguise.
It's just more proof that book-entry commerce isn't going to work on the
net in the long run.
SET looks like it's having problems with Japanese commerce rules, which is
another example of this problem.
Cash settlement between blinded pseudonyms fixes all of these problems.
I like to joke that if digital commerce is flight, then book entry
settlement is Boyle's Law, and cryptography is Bernoulli's law, viz,
+  Sending a credit card in the clear is jumping off a cliff. The height of
the cliff you jump off is related to the number of times you send an
unencrypted credit card number and the amount you charge.  Credit card
companies aren't going to be guaranteeing all those trades much longer if
they lose too much money.
+  First Virtual is a tethered balloon. You're up in the air, but you don't
know what for, because all the action is happening on the ground. ;-).
+  SET, Cybercash/coin, SSL, and other encrypted-channel book entry
methods, is a derigeble. You're flying, but you're using minimally strong
crypto like little aerodynamic fins to push the giant gas bag of book-entry
settlement around.
+  Digital bearer certificate technology, like ecash, or MicroMint, or
Millicent, is an airplane. It "flys" with "wings" of strong cryptography,
which gives us reputation capital and enforcement, and instantly settled
microintermediated transactions. Thus, like aerodynamic flight, it will be
faster, cheaper, and easier to use than book-entry "derigible" transaction
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
          imarcom
Sorry for the crossposting, but I felt this one might be important enough
to do it.  The following is a shortened version of an article I've written
for my firm's client newsletter about H.R. 98, the "Consumer Internet
Privacy Protection Act of 1997", introduced by Rep. Bruce Vento (D. MN) on
January 7, 1997.  As the article describes, if the bill were enacted as
drafted, Internet commerce could conceivably be stopped dead in its tracks,
along with most of the reduced-fee-for-demographics online services.
Privacy is quite important, and many of us have worked and are working
extremely hard to protect privacy appropriately while still providing
convenient services to users, but this bill is way beyond a reasonable
approach.  I haven't seen much discussion about this bill, but it's now in
committee, and the time to act may be upon us.  Feel free to
e-mail/call/fax/talk to me with any further questions.  I look forward to
your feedback.  {Jonathan}
Jonathan I. Ezor
New Media Attorney, Davis & Gilbert, 1740 Broadway, New York, NY 10019
Tel: 212-468-4989   Fax: 212-468-4888   E-mail: jezor
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-06 10:35:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: My apologies... 
I'm very sorry.
I just committed a major breach of nettiquette.
I just accidentally sent out the last FC97 Revised Program to this
monsterous cc list, instead of using the bcc: field.
Again, please my most sincere apologies.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-06 15:58:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FinCEN hates cybercash, who 'da thunk it... 
In a geodesic network, any node which tries to process all the traffic
chokes. The network then routes, to paraphrase Gilmore, around it. :-).
I remember this pravda chart at CFP a year ago, where FinCEN was
"demonstrating" (in a chart with no Y-axis) their "increased supervisory
load" due to the exponentiating use of point to point electronic
transaction settlement.
Be careful whatcha wish for fellas. An old Texas A&M Aggie joke about a
poor monkey trying to put the cork back into a pig's butt comes to mind...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-10 11:20:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Interesting ressource 
X-Sender: leroux
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Philippe Le Roux The IEEE published a special issue of Spectrum
( about digital commerce and ecash.
This is the index :
Electronic money: toward a virtual wallet
By Tekla S. Perry
Hard currency is disappearing from many everyday transactions along the
road to electronic money.
Future of electronic money: a regulator's perspective
By Edward W. Kelley Jr.
The way electronics will fit into the evolution of money--from acting as a
niche player
to wreaking major changes in payment systems--has yet to be determined.
Credits and debits on the Internet
By Marvin A. Sirbu
CyberCash, First Virtual, GC Tech, NetBill--these and other systems have
been developed to enable electronic transfers of payments across the
'Minting' electronic cash
By David Chaum & Stefan Brands
Electronic cash can offer transaction privacy to honest users, affords
convenient storage and transportation, and protects against loss.
Traceable e-cash
By Peter S. Gemmell
One method of making electronic cash transactions private for honest users but
traceable by law enforcement agencies involves the use of trustees.
Crime and prevention: a Treasury viewpoint
By Stanley E. Morris
The speed and anonymity of electronic payment systems make them attractive
to those pursuing illicit activities.
Locking the e-safe
By Robert W. Baldwin & C. Victor Chang
Existing encryption-based security mechanisms can be combined to minimize a
wide range of threats to electronic commerce.
In your pocket: smartcards
By Carol Hovenga Fancher
A wallet full of cash, credit, and identification cards may, in the future,
be replaced
with two or three smartcards, each containing an IC, as a recent flurry of
tests and smartcard rollouts demonstrates.
Banking in cyberspace: an investment in itself
By Michael C. McChesney
While home banking has been around for some time, Internet banking is a new
concept, and has a number of advantages.
Technology takes to securities trading
By Steven M. H. Wallman
automation of traditional exchanges, technology is changing the way stock
markets work.
Nasdaq's technology floor: its president takes stock
By Alfred R. Berkeley III
This screen-based stock market has been particularly sensitive to the
effects of new
computer and communications capabilities.
The economics of e-cash
By Mike Ter Maat
Electronic cash can create profits for its issuers, and launch competition
for today's
government-controlled currency systems.
Money and the Internet: a strange new relationship
By Howard Anderson
This visionary sees the e-money revolution as inevitable, with "e-mail for
becoming as ubiquitous in the future as e-mail messages are already today.

@_date: 1997-02-10 16:29:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Teledesic Looks At SS-18's 
Sender: investor
Reply-To: "Space Investors Mailing List" Organization: LunaCity BBS - (Clan Zen Relay Network) Mountain View, CA
X-Article: 285
Teledesic Might Launch With Converted SS-18s
Teledesic Corp. is talking with a newly formed Russian-Ukrainian
group about launching up to 204 Teledesic satellites into low Earth
orbit aboard converted SS-18 missiles.
The Dnepr rocket is backed by the Russian and Ukrainian governments.
Their space agencies are partners in a joint-venture company to sell
commercial launch services. Askond of Moscow and Ukraine's Yuzhnoye
State Design Bureau are marketing the Dnepr. Teledesic, a U.S.
telecommunications company, plans to place about 900 satellites in
        Michael

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:53:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Online Government & Electronic Commerce - Legislation andPublic Sector Initiatives 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                       Daniel Greenwood, Esq.
                       Deputy General Counsel
                  Information Technology Division
                   Commonwealth of Massachusetts
             "Online Government & Electronic Commerce -
              Legislation and Public Sector Initiatives"
                        Tuesday, March 4, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Dan will give us an update on recent information age legislative and
operational developments in the public sector.  Special attention will be
paid to: Electronic Signature and Record Legislation; Joint
Government/Private Sector Attempts to Set Certification Authority
Standards; Cutting Edge Public Sector PKI Projects; Recent Coordinated
State-Federal-Foreign Electronic Commerce Policy Initiatives; and much,
much more . . .
Daniel Greenwood, Esq.
Information Technology Division, Deputy General Counsel
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Office: home: Mr. Greenwood practices information technology law for the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts.  Recent relevant activities include:
* Co-Author of the Draft 1997 Mass. Electronic Records and Signature Act
* Chairman of the Commonwealth of Mass. PKI Task Force
* Chairman of the ABA Info. Security Comm., Legislative Sub-Committee
* Co-Chair of the ABA Cyberspace Law Comm., Legislative Work Group
* Contributing Author: ABA Digital Signature Guidelines
* Negotiator of Contracts for Internet Security and Payment Systems
* Board Member of SigNet.Org and Chair of Legal Special Interest Group
* Director of the Virtual State House Project (MIT/Stanford Law School)
* Faculty Member: MCLE Health Care & Info. Technology Program
* Guest Lecturer for Suffolk Law School High Tech. Symposium
* Selection Board Chairman for First Commonwealth of Mass. C/A Business
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, March 4, 1997 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, March 1, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
March  Daniel Greenwood  The Role of State Government in Digital Commerce
April  Stewart Baker     Encryption Policy and Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-11 14:09:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mac-Crypto 1997 session Schedule 
Sender: mac-crypto
Reply-To: Vinnie Moscaritolo Precedence: Bulk
hey all;
I have posted a preliminary list of sessions for the 1997 Mac-Crypto
conference at the Mac-Crypto conference at the webpage
if you haven't registered, please get your name in now!
if you want to give a talk, please drop me a line asap.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-11 14:41:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks 
Hey, folks,
I thought all you had to do to create an alt.group was to have a news admin
somewhere just make a group; send out a control message of somekind. I
thought that alt groups didn't have to go through a charter, or voting
process, or anything else. They just happened.
Then, everyone just has to tell their local news admin that they went to
see it, or they can wait until their news admin sees it flying by, and adds
it to the available groups list at his own discretion.
It's not like we want comp.cypherpunks or something, with a voting process,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-12 05:22:53
@_author: Robert A. Hettinga 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks lives! was Re: New group 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
I went to look at news this morning, and I found the following:
In article <33019178.58622842 paul
It seems this alt.cypherpunks thing was a lot easier than it looks.
Either that, or I have a clueful newsadmin. :-)

@_date: 1997-02-12 15:14:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Need a good bi-directional mail-news gateway 
^^^^^^^
Let's run cypherpunks with a government subsidy.
Pulling your leg, just a bit..
Bob Hettinga
"So much for a geodesic monitary system..."
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-12 16:37:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Shameless FC97 Plug: (Was Re: anonymity and e-cash) 
And, of course, Ian's going to teach all this fun stuff in Anguilla next week.
E-mail me, and I'll refresh your memory with a workshop program, or just
click on the FC97 URL in my .sig, below. We have lots of room. Just don't
take American, though American Eagle's okay...
Shamelessly yours,
P. T. Hettinga
Promotional Chairman,
FC97 Workshop, Conference, and Exhibition
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-15 07:28:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mirrors and replies-to 
Well, so far, I've got three cypherpunks mailboxes. One for sirius, one for
algebra, and one for toad. It was interesting to me that I got stuff from
the mirrors faster than toad until I remembered that the mirrors are wired
to the unmoderated list at toad, and I'm still subscribed to the moderated
list there.
However, I would like it if the mirror operators would reinstantiate a
feature of the original list for me. The reply-to field on the mirrors is
currently set to cypherpunks On the original list, this was set
to "sender", both to keep people from replying to the list unnecessarily
(hah! :-)) but also to keep mail loops from forming. Mail loops could be a
big problem, especially when you guys put together your neo-netnews
mailring. (a little jyaism, that... :-)).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-16 11:57:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: *Really* Shameless, Gratuitous, FC97 DFA Hucksterism (Was Re: DFA) 
At FC97  ;-), we have the following paper
at 10:45 on Tuesday February 22nd:
I'm not sure whether which side of the fight this paper will be on, but it
could be easy to speculate from the title. :-).
On the other side of the coin, we invited Shamir to come talk about his DFA
work, but eventually it turned out that he couldn't make the trip. Maybe
next year. We *did* get Ron Rivest, though.
(Shameless plug: Our *other* invited speakers are Simon L. Lelieveldt of
the Dutch central bank, who'll talk about the security of electronic money,
and Peter Wayner, the author of "Digital Cash", who'll talk about money
laundering.) (*Really* shameless hucksterism: Since AA *didn't* strike,
they're offering mucho cheapseat deals to places like Anguilla and St.
Maarten, a short ferry ride away, even if you make your reservations on
really short notice. Like, maybe to go to FC97? Nudge, Nudge. We can also
get you *cheap* hotel rooms when you get there... Wink, wink, wink.)
Meanwhile, the FC97 workshop (which runs the week prior to the conference
itself) starts on Monday, and, having weathered the American Airlines
non-strike, Ian Goldberg, Adam Shostack and Gary Howland are now all down
in Anguilla getting things set up. I don't think people can get to *that*
in time, but, hey, you could *try*, I suppose. Better get packing, though,
'cause time is running out. The workshop starts at 09:00 tomorrow.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-16 13:57:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97: Post-strike airfares 
One more datablip about FC97 and I'll shut up a bit.
Having just promised gratuitously cheap airfares to Anguilla/St. Maarten, I
went and called the local branch of American Express Travel and got some
actual prices. Their number is 617-868-2600, but AEXP-T has branches
everywhere, and, I think, an 800 number, so you might want to get ahold of
them that way...
Anyway, here's what I got, as of about 20 minutes ago:
For departures 2/22/97 with return 3/1/97,
Boston  Anguilla           $  864
Boston  St. Maarten           851 (+ Taxi and short ferry ride to Anguilla)
San Francisco  Anguilla       828
San Francisco  St. Maarten    748
Heathrow  Anguilla          1,315 (looks like the strike didn't affect you
folks, sorry)
All in all, that's as good as the prices we were getting for 14 day advance
purchase earlier this month. Not bad, but not completely spectacular. Note
that it's cheaper to get to Anguilla or St. Maarten from San Francisco than
it is from Boston, so y'all don't have an excuse. Well, possibly seat
fatigue, but Sunday on the beach will fix that.
I'll check tomorrow to see if the airline yield management software war
gives us something better after the weekend's over. Only if fares are
significantly lower will I post something here about it, in the interest of
nomex conservation. :-).
If you *do* decide to fly while the seats are hot, don't forget to register
for FC97 first, so we can plan for meals and stuff:
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-17 04:50:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC97 lookalike: Stock Trading over the Internet Conference 
I don't know about *lookalike*...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
STOCK TRADING OVER THE INTERNET
Exploiting the power of Electronic Commerce
March 19-20, 1997 * The Pan Pacific Hotel * San Francisco, CA
Hear first hand tips from the true pioneers in Internet stock trading and
electronic commerce on:
       Conquering the process of going public
       Raising capital in your company via the Internet
       Using the Web to build your business and partnering with
       co-opitition
       Forming permanent syndicates to foster the creation of new
       offerings
       Creating effective and complete marketing plans for IPO's
       and DPO's
       Attracting customers and delivering services through the
       exploding electronic commerce market
The audience for this event will include companies looking to offer
shares via the Internet and drastically cut costs including; Chief
Executive Officers, Chief Financial Officers, Managing Directors,
General Managers, Investor Relations Managers, Underwriters, Stock
Exchange Executives, Venture Capitalists, Investment Bankers,
Private Company Executives, Business Development Executives,
Technology and Business Press and all those seeking to explore
opportunities on the emerging Internet marketplace
DAY ONE
March 19, 1997
Chairman: Brad W. Smith, President, WBS & A, Ltd.
       8:30 REGULATORY CONSIDERATIONS ON INTERNET
       PUBLIC OFFERINGS
       This session will review the many regulatory and legislative
       issues involved in the development of Internet public
       offerings. In particular, how and why the regulatory bodies
       of the NASD, NASDAQ and the SEC are making a
       commitment to the Internet as a vehicle that serves the
       investor. Proper surveillance procedures have been created and
       executed to protect all parties. Internet initiatives have been
       developed to bridge the market side and regulatory side of
       these complex issues.
       Al Dandridge, Associate Director of Corporate Finance
       U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
       Charles Bennett, Associate Director of Corporate Finance
       NASD
       9:30 INTERNET TRADING MARKET PROJECTIONS
       Internet trading is an emerging market wave that is poised for
       explosive growth. More than 60 million investors have
       brokerage accounts. The media reports that Internet brokerage
       accounts will jump from 1.5 million today to 9.3 million by
       the year 2001; Every bank will use the Internet to attract
       customers and deliver services in the next five years and
       electronic commerce will grow to $600 billion annually
       within the next 10 years. Visionaries believe that one of the
       most profound effects of these phenomena's will be to
       changehow small businesses get capitalized. They predict that
       small business public offerings will become routine for
       nano-cap companies.
       This session will present a strategic overview of the
       emergence of internet capabilities that make it possible for
       investors to invest in and trade nano-cap company stocks.
       Brad Smith, President
       WBS & A, Ltd.
       bradwsmith
       11:00 GOING PUBLIC: HOW TO RAISE CAPITAL
       THROUGH A DIRECT PUBLIC OFFERING (DPO) This
       session will explore from concept to completion, how to
       perform all of the necessary functions to prepare and market a
       DPO and/or an Internet DPO. A case study will be shared of a
       DPO that will be presented to the investment community
       world-wide in early 1997. Learn from the experts the
       specifics on how to take your company where you want to go
       and ensure success including:
              Marketing through an investor relations firm
              Choosing an appropriate analyst
              Utilizing a transfer agent
              The link between broker and internet commerce
       David A. Levonian, President
       INTERNATIONAL INVESTOR RELATIONS
              1:00 OVERCOMING THE PITFALLS AND
       CHALLENGES OF GOING PUBLIC
       The advantages of "going public" appear straight forward. The
       company accesses the capital it needs to expand or refine its
       product. (In a purely coincidental occurrence, the current
       shareholder [including investment bankers, SEC lawyers and
       stock brokers] get rich.)
       There are numerous challenges in conquering the process of
       "going public" including:
              There are problems with the lawyers, accountants
              and the bankers and they are on YOUR SIDE
              There are pounds of paper forms which must be
              submitted to every group, not to mention the SEC.
              However, an approved offering does not make a
              successful offering. It still must be marketed,
              either by stock brokers OR MAYBE directly over
              the Internet. And not just to the U.S., but to the
              entire world.
              That may be the wave of the future. Direct access to
              securities and their offering companies over the
              Internet.
       Michael J. Waddell, President
       PROMARKETING, INC.
       Developer of the ( selected by
       PC Novice Guide to the Web as one of the Internet "Greatest
       Sites"
       2:00 IPONET: SELLING & ADVERTISING IPO'S ON THE
       INTERNET: THE CREATION OF THE FIRST
       PERMANENT SYNDICATE
       IPOnet is currently the only site on the Internet with
       clearance from the SEC to advertise and sell new security
       offerings online.
       IPOnet intends to have multiple Broker/Dealers listed on it's
       site.
       This will create the first permanent syndicate of
       Broker/Dealers.
       These Broker/Dealers will act as selected dealers for each
       others offerings and act as underwriters of their own
       offerings.
       This session will examine the following topics:
              Why the broker can not be eliminated from the
              offerings
              What really happens when an IPO is put on the
              Internet
              Why DPO's will never be a major threat to brokers
              Why a permanent syndicate will foster the creation
              of new offerings
       Leo J. Feldman, President
       IPONET
              lfeldman
       3:30 THE IMPORTANCE OF TRADITIONAL
       EXCHANGES AS A SECONDARY MARKET
       Taking your company public via the Internet, rather than the
       traditional exchange, has become a very viable alternative for
       small business owners. However, unless the offering is
       backed by a complete marketing plan, it is unlikely that the
       offering will reap huge financial rewards and achieve success.
       Incorporating a traditional exchange as a secondary market
       into the plan can solidify, stabilize and extend the offering
       beyond the Internet marketplace and create longevity and
       security and financial return on your offering. This session
       will explore secondary markets and how traditional
       exchanges are advocating the collaborative efforts of
       traditional and web offerings.
       Iris Golden Brackett, Manager
       Listing Sales
       CHICAGO STOCK EXCHANGE
       4:30 Panel Discussion: PUBLIC OFFERINGS AND THE
       INTERNET: LEGAL CONSIDERATIONS
       Join three of the most influential Internet finance and
       securities attorneys for this highly interactive session. They
       will discuss the legal aspects associated with buying and
       selling securities on the Internet, including private
       placement, Regulation A offerings and independent public
       offerings. Come prepared to share your challenges and
       solutions!
       William D. Evers, Esq.
       MILLER, MAILLIARD & CULVER
       M. Greg Allio, Esq.
       SHARTSIS, FRIESE & GINSBERG
       John Perkins, Chairman
       THE SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL ACCESS
       ASSOCIATION
       Charles Bennett, Associate Director of Corporate Finance
       NASD
       5:45 CLOSE OF DAY ONE
DAY TWO
March 20, 1997
       8:15 ELECTRONIC BULLETIN BOARDS FOR BID AND
       ASK OFFERS: THE EMERGENCE OF DIRECT STOCK
       MARKET
       The secondary market is the key to successful initial and direct
       public offerings. The traditional brokerage community has
       their hands tied when it comes to underwriting and making
       markets in small company issues. A new strata of corporate
       finance is being created by technological advances which
       marry capital requirements of entrepreneurs with risk/return
       and information demands of investors. This presentation will
       explore:
              Using the internet to raise capital for your company
              Secondary market trading on the Internet
              Virtual roadshows online
              Building your own public venture capital portfolio
              Investing in public venture funds
       Clay Womack, President
       DIRECT STOCK MARKET
              9:15 EXPLOITING INTERNET TECHNOLOGY TO
       REACH A GLOBAL AUDIENCE
       The power of the Internet has unleashed the potential for new
       business expansion and financial opportunity in a global
       market. Foreign businesses can now join forces quickly to
       create products and services and offer them to a larger
       population than before. This session will examine how to
       cultivate these partnerships, foster growth and secure
       positive financial outcomes by:
              Using the Web to build your business and
              partnering with co-opitition
              Attracting "qualified" people to your site
              Exploring value-added opportunities in the
              financial market on the Internet
       Michael Withrow, Director
       POWERTRADER, INC.
              10:45 UNDERSTANDING THE COMPONENTS OF A
       STOCK TRANSFER
       Choosing a transfer agent with diversity of services allows
       your company to do more and retain extra added-value
       components and services. This session will take you
       step-by-step through the IPO process from working with
       attorneys through to the transfer work. Learn how to: How
       to judicate a stock transfer
       Outline the processes needed
       Develop the steps involved
       Anticipate the role of the Internet in stock transfers
       Sherri Herman, President
       THE HERMAN GROUP, INC.
       SMALL BUSINESS CAPITAL ACCESS ASSOCIATION
       1:00 INTERNET TRANSACTIONS FOR THE
       PORTFOLIO MANAGER
       This session will feature case studies and the future outlook
       on internet transactions for portfolio managers including:
              What is the Electronic/Internet Information
              System?
              -Office based and wireless
              -Text and video
              How is it used?
              -The two way information flows
              -Routine and custom information
              Specific needs and requirements for the portfolio
              manager and ways of customizing the information
              What are the advantages of the new system?
              Costs and tools of the system
              -Dollars
              -Technology
              -Savvy and advertising
       John Palicka, CFA, CMT
       Portfolio Manager
       GLOBAL EMERGING GROWTH
       2:30 INTERNET OPPORTUNITIES FOR PUBLIC
       COMPANIES
       This session will focus on opportunities available on the
       Internet to companies that are publicly traded. A presentation
       no senior executive should miss! This presentation will
       examine why public companies should consider the added
       profitability of the Internet and offer specific Internet
       strategies and risks including:
              Using the Internet to improve liquidity
              Build a stock analyst following using the Internet
              Dealing with Motley Fool's and other potential
              risks
       M. Greg Allio, Partner
       SHARTSIS FRIESE & GINSBERG
       3:30 CREATING AN ELECTRONIC STOCK EXCHANGE
       Exploiting IP-Understanding Internet Protocol (IP) - How
       to make your business grow ON-LINE by using the "best of"
       all available software
       Order Driven Systems- Understanding why market makers &
       specialists are a "necessary evil" we live with, and look at the
       functionality of SuperDot-type automation as opposed to
       Drop Copy
       A Virtual Branch Office- The growth of the independent
       brokerage industry, and a look at what will happen to the
       traditional registered representative
       Compliance/Supervision- How a small brokerage firm will
       supervise their representatives in the Internet age
       Ken Gruneisen, President & CEO, BEST EX, INC.
       THE BOCA RATON ELECTRONIC STOCK EXCHANGE
       5:30 END OF CONFERENCE
Post Conference Workshops
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-19 04:07:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Any more like www.anonymizer.com ?? 
And, of course, you can hear about the next generation from the same bunch,
on Monday morning at FC97:
    Unlinkable Serial Transactions
    Paul F. Syverson (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA),
    Stuart G. Stubblebine (AT&T Labs--Research, Murray Hill, NJ, USA),
    David M. Goldschlag (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA)
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-19 12:41:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "cypherpunks is dead..." 
"...long live cypherpunks?"
"So long, and thanks for all the fish?"
But, seriously, folks...
Lucky Green echoed many of my own thoughts when he talked about all the
things being on this list has meant to him. Like Lucky, there is a
rediculously huge list of things that this list has taught me over the
almost three (wow..) years or so that I've been here.
Thanks to all of you here, I have had nothing short of a Copernican
transformation in my perception of the universe, and it completely changed
what I wanted to do with the rest of my life. From the very first time I
started reading this list and applying what I learned here to what I
already knew, right then, for the first time in a *very* long time, I knew
*exactly* how some very important pieces of the world actually worked, and
more important, why they were going to change.  I now *know* where the
world is going to go. Maybe not when, of course, but certainly where and
how. :-) (Old stock picker's joke: "I can tell you what. I can tell you
when. I can't tell you both. If I did, I wouldn't tell *you*.")
Anyway, I've learned all these things from many cypherpunks, some still
here, and a lot who've left. I expect that, as we move into the next phase
of this "group", we'll continue to teach ourselves much more about the
world and strong cryptography's effect on it. But, nothing will compare to
the feeling we'll get when we remember the time we've spent here at Toad
Hall. We have John Gilmore to thank for the "lodgings", of course, and,
certainly, for his encouragement and support.  And, obviously, his
tolerance, which finally sagged and broke under the weight of both his
expectations and those of our own.
We also have to thank Tim May for his um, ideological, presence on this
list from since before it existed, :-), and, or course, for his current
"leadership", both moral and political. (Of course, I can say all the next
few wierd and gushy things about him without fear of refutation on his
part, 'cause, in his wisdom, I'm still in his killfile ;-)) It was Tim who
was our compass. It was Tim who came down from the mountain and stopped us
from worshiping the fatted calf of censorship, and who is now leading us
into the promised land of unfettered discourse, both on usenet and on the
new cypherpunk server network. Since Tim paper-trained most of us here
(myself included, though some may debate how well he succeeded :-)), that
is, how to behave on this list, and, most important, how to imagine what a
world of strong crytography on ubiquitous networks would look like, I now
find his "leading" us out onto the net, and away from Sinai, most
symmetrical indeed. :-).
And so, in this last 24 hours or so on toad.com, I want to thank *both* Tim
and John. But, also, I personally want to thank the "money-punks". People
like Eric Hughes, and Perry Metzger, and Ian Goldberg, and Hal Finney, and
Lucky Green, and Duncan Frissell, and Black Unicorn, and many, many other
people, who have helped me work through, on this list, or in private
e-mail, or, occasionally, in person, all of the stuff they know, and the
stuff I have figured out myself. All about e$, about digital bearer
certificate markets, about microintermediation. All the things which
completely occupy almost all my waking thoughts these days.
Because of this list's effect on my life, I have been motivated to start
the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, to evangelize financial
cryptography to any audience who would listen to me, to create a web site
dedicated to e$, to create a group of e$ lists with some 300 total
subscribers, to work with Vinnie Moscaritolo to create both the Mac-Crypto
lists and conferences, to work with Vince Cate and Ray Hirschfeld to create
the world's first peer-reviewed conference on financial cryptography, and
with Vince and Ian Goldberg to create the world's first intensive financial
cryptography bootcamp (which is going on as I write this). To create, with
Vinnie, and Rachel Wilmer, and Anthony Templer, and Bob Antia, and Rodney
Thayer, the next generation of the e$ website and mailing lists.
Next week, I go to FC97 in Anguilla because of the things I've learned on
this list. In the middle of March, I go to Cupertino to help Vinnie with
Mac-Crypto 2.0, because of the things I've learned on this list. I've been
invited to speak all over the world (and New Hampshire, too :-)) to talk
about this stuff. I get quoted in the newspapers. I write magazine op-ed
pieces. It has even earned me a buck or two. :-).
In short, I owe everything I do of any consequence these days to my
participation on this list, and, for that, I'm profoundly grateful to all
of you for the privelege of being here: to listen, to learn, and,
occasionally, to pay back all the stuff I've learned with a thing or two
that I've worked out myself.
Like that creosote bush I talked about before, cypherpunks is not going to
die just because the address "cypherpunks ceases to exist. There
are already 3rd-order cypherpunks lists out there. 3rd generation copies of
the same "memetic" material. cypherpunks will *never* die, short of a
cybernetic Chixalub event of some kind, and, frankly, even then. The
internet sees censorship as damage and routes around it.
So. In a very real sense, today on cypherpunks is like any other day in the
life of a creosote bush. It's a big desert, folks. We're the only ones who
know how to live out here. The whole damn desert, as far as the eye can
see, is ours to move into.
All we have to do is keep filling in the empty spots...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-19 13:02:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mobil adopts no-physical-connection electronic payment token 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: bounce-dcsb
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-02-19 13:03:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Any more like www.anonymizer.com ?? 
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-20 06:11:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: E-Gold:  It had to happen 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Ian Grigg Precedence: Bulk
Yo, dude
Nice one, perhaps you could scan in the ad, seeing as my issue doesn't
arrive until ... March.  Your system "appears to be" an accounting
system stuck on top of SSL.  But I guess we don't get to find out, for
sure, unless we commit lots of bucks...
Yeah, nice pages, lots of homework done here folks, but you forgot to
  who are you?
  where are you?
  when are you?
  will you be?
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd - Commerce Solutions in the UK
Visit  for details ...
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it!  See Or, for e$/e$pam sponsorship, see Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-20 09:29:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FWD: (CHANGE: NUVUPSY - Against the therapeutic state) 
Tell me what this has to do with cryptography, and I'll give you a nickle.
Or, maybe not...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To:     "Dr. Jeffrey A. Schaler" Sender:       NEW-LIST - New List Announcements Organization: The American University
NVVUPSY has moved to a new server and has a new E-mail address.
NUVUPSY on LISTSERV
    "Although we may not know it, we have, in our day, witnessed the birth
    of the Therapeutic State.  This is perhaps the major implication of
    psychiatry as an institution of social control."  (Thomas Szasz, 1963)
    NUVUPSY is a forum to share points of view critical of the "therapeutic
    state" and institutional psychiatry, and those supportive of contractual
    psychotherapy and psychiatry.  We're interested in discussions concerning
    the relationship between liberty and responsibility and its implications
    for clinical, legal, and public policy.  The list will serve to promote
    alternative views to explaining unwanted behaviors.
    Sociological perspectives on the medicalization of deviant behavior are
    welcome.  Other topics for discussion include but are not limited to:
    The myth of addiction as a disease;  the ideology of biological
    determinism;  the obsolescence of the schizophrenia hypothesis;  coerced
    treatment for addiction and First Amendment rights;  criticism
    of psychiatric drug prescriptions;  etc.
    NUVUPSY Board of Advisors include:  Bruce K. Alexander, Phil Brown,
    Robert C. Carson, David J. Essex, Louis B. Fierman, Robert E. Haskell,
    Reid Klion, James C. Mancuso, Roberta Russell, Theodore R. Sarbin,
    Jeffrey A. Schaler, and Richard E. Vatz.
    Archives of NUVUPSY mail items are kept in monthly files.  You may obtain
    a list of files in the archives by sending the command
      INDEX NUVUPSY
    in the BODY of e-mail to LISTSERV
    (NUVU as in "new view", V=vee)
    To subscribe, send the following command in the BODY of mail to
    LISTSERV
       SUBSCRIBE NUVUPSY yourfirstname yourlastname
    Owner:  Jeffrey A. Schaler, Ph.D.  jschale
            Martin W. Smith            mws
            NUVUPSY List Coordinators
                                 -------
Use this information at your own risk.  For more information and disclaimer
send E-mail to LISTSERV with the command  INFO NEW-LIST
in the body.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-20 11:37:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "cypherpunks is dead..." 
Uh, that wasn't me.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-21 12:11:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Online Government & Electronic Commerce - Legislation and Public Sector Initiatives 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                       Daniel Greenwood, Esq.
                       Deputy General Counsel
                  Information Technology Division
                   Commonwealth of Massachusetts
             "Online Government & Electronic Commerce -
              Legislation and Public Sector Initiatives"
                        Tuesday, March 4, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Dan will give us an update on recent information age legislative and
operational developments in the public sector.  Special attention will be
paid to: Electronic Signature and Record Legislation; Joint
Government/Private Sector Attempts to Set Certification Authority
Standards; Cutting Edge Public Sector PKI Projects; Recent Coordinated
State-Federal-Foreign Electronic Commerce Policy Initiatives; and much,
much more . . .
Daniel Greenwood, Esq.
Information Technology Division, Deputy General Counsel
Commonwealth of Massachusetts
Office: home: Mr. Greenwood practices information technology law for the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts.  Recent relevant activities include:
* Co-Author of the Draft 1997 Mass. Electronic Records and Signature Act
* Chairman of the Commonwealth of Mass. PKI Task Force
* Chairman of the ABA Info. Security Comm., Legislative Sub-Committee
* Co-Chair of the ABA Cyberspace Law Comm., Legislative Work Group
* Contributing Author: ABA Digital Signature Guidelines
* Negotiator of Contracts for Internet Security and Payment Systems
* Board Member of SigNet.Org and Chair of Legal Special Interest Group
* Director of the Virtual State House Project (MIT/Stanford Law School)
* Faculty Member: MCLE Health Care & Info. Technology Program
* Guest Lecturer for Suffolk Law School High Tech. Symposium
* Selection Board Chairman for First Commonwealth of Mass. C/A Business
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, March 4, 1997 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, March 1, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
March  Daniel Greenwood  The Role of State Government in Digital Commerce
April  Stewart Baker     Encryption Policy and Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
Looking forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-21 12:18:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: MULTI-JURISDICTIONAL TAXATION OF ELECTRONIC COMMERCE 
X-Authentication-Warning: arraydev.com: majordom set sender to
owner-ibc-forum using -f
X-Sender: tom
Sender: owner-ibc-forum
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: ibc-forum
I pass on the following which was received
Thu, 20 Feb 1997 16:58:48 -0500
                 The International Tax Program
                       Harvard University
       International Tax Program and the Tax Law Society
                   1997  Spring Symposium on
      MULTI-JURISDICTIONAL TAXATION OF ELECTRONIC COMMERCE
                       Saturday, April 5,
                 Cambridge, Massachusetts,U.S.A.
The Symposium:
Billions of dollars of valuable goods and services are
sold, exchanged or transmitted electronically. The amount of such
commercial activity is expected to grow exponentially in the
future. The appropriate taxation of this sector is one of the
most significant new tax issues of our day. The International Tax
Program and the Society for Law and Tax Policy of Harvard Law
School are sponsoring a symposium that will bring together the
leading policy makers, academics and practitioners in this field
in an effort to help derive uniform tax rules in this challenging
dimension of domestic and international taxation.
This symposium will consider a wide range of issues, including:
**Differences in determining the electronic commerce income
tax base.  Should source or residence rules be used, or should
some form of formulary apportionment be applied?
**Problems in imposing retail sales taxes on electronic sales.
Should traditional nexus rules apply?
**Problems in determining the value added by electronic
commercial inputs.  Should a tax be determined based on the
'bits' of information? If so, should each 'bit' be valued the
**Problems involving the harmonization of tax rules.
International and sub-national aspects of this problem will be
considered. OECD efforts in this area will be contrasted with
proposed uniform state legislation in the US.
**Throughout the symposium the impact that these tax decisions
will have on cross-border investment decisions will be a primary
The Goals of the ITP:
The International Tax Program continues to sponsor symposiums on
topics of critical concern to government and private sector tax
practitioners at Harvard University. It is the belief of the
Program that such discussions will lead to advances in tax
policy, administration and compliance on a global basis. THE
MULTI-JURISDICTIONAL TAXATION OF ELECTRONIC COMMERCE presents
such a challenge. Basic Income tax objectives such as efficiency
and equality of treatment are made more difficult to achieve if
the rules of the game are left to develop on an ad hoc basis.
Through this forum the International Tax Program hopes to
facilitate a meaningful interaction among policy makers around
the core issues of taxation and the internet.
Saturday, April 5, 1997
     7:30 - 8:30: Coffee and Registration
     8:30 - 9:00: Keynote Speaker, Mr. Jeffrey Owens, Chief,
Fiscal Affairs Division: OECD (Paris)
     9:00 - 11:30:INTERNATIONAL PANEL:
     Moderator: Professor Diane Ring, Harvard Law School
     Speakers: Mr. Bruce Cohen, Attorney-Advisor, Office of
International Tax Counsel, U.S. Treasury
     Mr. Alan S. S. Ow, Senior Deputy Commissioner, Inland
Revenue Authority, Singapore
     Mr. Nicasio del Castillo, Partner, Coopers & Lybrand
     Professor Luc Soete, Maastricht Economic Research Institute
on Innovation and Technology, University of Maastricht, the
     Mr. Arthur Cordell, Industry Canada, Special Advisor for
Long Range Planning and Analysis
     11:30 - 12:30: Catered Lunch
     12:30 - 3:00: STATE PANEL
     Moderator: Professor Reuven Avi-Yonah, Harvard Law School
     Speakers: Ms. Deborah Bierbaum, Deputy Commissioner, Office
of Tax Policy, Department of Taxation, New York
     Ms. Linda Lettera, General Counsel, Department of Revenue,
     Mr. Wade Anderson, Director of Tax Policy, Comptroller of
Public Accounts, Texas
     Mr. Dean F. Andal, Member, State Board of Equalization,
Second District, California
     Mr. Walter Hellerstein, Attorney, Southerland, Asbill &
     3:00 - 3:30: Coffee
     3:30 - 6:00: INDUSTRY PANEL
     Moderator: Professor Richard Pomp, University of Connecticut
Law School
     Speakers: Ms. Jeanne Goulet, Director of Tax, IBM Credit,
     Ms. Allyn Yamanouchi, Vice President and Global Technology
Tax Counsel, CITIBANK
     Mr. James Eads, Jr., and Mr. Paul Nolan, Legal Division,
     Mr. Bruce Reid, Director of State and Local Tax, MICROSOFT
     Ms. Ellen Fishbein, Assistant General Counsel, AMERICA
Registration and Fees:
The fee for this program is $500.00. An academic or government
employee discount is available. That fee is $200.00. To register
for the symposium please fill out and return the form below, with
a check or money order made payable to Harvard University, to:
Multi-Jurisdictional Taxation of
Electronic Commerce Symposium
Attn: Lara Becker
1563 Massachusetts Avenue
Pound Hall, Room 400
Cambridge, MA 02138
Fax: 617-495-0423
Tel: 617-495-4406
Registration Form:
1997 Spring Symposium on Multi-Jurisdictional Taxation
of Electronic Commerce, Saturday, April 5, 1997.
Name (First or Given Name)
(Surname or Family Name)
Email Address:
Home Address/Work Address:
Telephone Number:
Fax Number:
I am Paying by:
Money Order:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-03-01 03:24:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: "Digital Money Online" report released 24 Feb 97 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Rachel Willmer Precedence: Bulk
Intertrader is pleased to announce the release of this 50 page report,
which compares several current and future digital money technologies, such
as Mondex, Cybercash and First Virtual.
Available online at
or you can download a PDF copy at
All comments welcome!
P.S. This report supersedes the previous "Electronic Transaction Protocols".
Rachel Willmer, Intertrader Ltd, Cova House, 4 John's Place, Edinburgh
Email: rachel    Tel: +44 131 555 8450    Fax: +44 131 555 8451
Sun Internet Associate and winner of 1996 SMART Award for Innovation
                       "We develop Java Commerce Solutions"
---------- The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd - Commerce Solutions in the UK Visit  for details ...
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it!  See  Or, for e$/e$pam sponsorship, see
Thanks to the e$ e$lves: Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo  (Majordomo)^2:
Rachel Willmer Commermeister: Anthony Templer  Interturge: Rodney Thayer
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-12 06:43:05
@_author: "Robert A. Hettinga" 
@_subject: alt.cypherpunks lives! was Re: New group 
(A copy of this message has also been posted to the following newsgroups:
I went to look at news this morning, and I found the following:
In article <33019178.58622842 paul
It seems this alt.cypherpunks thing was a lot easier than it looks.
Either that, or I have a clueful newsadmin. :-)

@_date: 1997-02-02 15:52:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Funds Transfer without stealing PIN/TAN 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Rachel Willmer Precedence: Bulk
--- From RISKS digest ---
The Berlin newspaper "Tagespiegel" reports on 29 Jan 97 about a television
show broadcast the previous evening on which hackers from the Chaos Computer
Club demonstrated how to electronically transfer funds without needing a PIN
(Personal Identification Number) or TAN (Transaction Number).
Apparently it suffices for the victim to visit a site which downloads an
ActiveX application, which automatically starts and checks to see if
Quicken, a popular financial software package that also offers electronic
funds transfer, is on the machine. If so, Quicken is given a transfer order
which is saved by Quicken in its pile of pending transfer orders. The next
time the victim sends off the pending transfer orders to the bank (and
enters in a valid PIN and TAN for that!)  all the orders (= 1 transaction)
are executed -> money is transferred without the victim noticing!
The newspaper quotes various officials at Microsoft et al expressing
disbelief/outrage/"we're working on it". We discussed this briefly in class
looking for a way to avoid the problem. Demanding a TAN for each transfer is
not a solution, for one, the banks only send you 50 at a time, and many
small companies pay their bills in bunches. Having to enter a TAN for each
transaction would be quite time-consuming. Our only solution would be to
forbid browsers from executing any ActiveX component without express
authorization, but that rather circumvents part of what ActiveX is intended
A small consolation: the transfer is trackable, that is, it can be
determined at the bank to which account the money went. Some banks even
include this information on the statement, but who checks every entry on
their statements...
Debora Weber-Wulff, Technische Fachhochschule Berlin, Luxemburger Str. 10,
13353 Berlin GERMANY weberwu Rachel Willmer, Intertrader Ltd, Cova House, 4 John's Place, Edinburgh
Email: rachel    Tel: +44 131 555 8450    Fax: +44 131 555 8451
Sun Internet Associate and winner of 1996 SMART Award for Innovation
                       "We develop Java Commerce Solutions"
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-02-03 17:10:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Embarrass a Marylander, Go to Jail 
Reply-To: e$
X-Comment: To unsubscribe, send any email to e$pam-off
Precedence: Bulk
X-e$pam-source: Various
Forwarded by Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1997-03-01 22:48:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Electronic Cash 
To:	rah		Inet
     Robert, I thought that you and the members of your group
would be interested in this Symposium.  Please feel free to send
the information around to whatever listservs you think
                                        THE ELECTRONIC FUTURE OF
CASH - A SYMPOSIUM
     The Washington College of  Law  and the American University
Law Review are proud to announce a full-day Symposium on the
Electronic Future of Cash, to be held at the law school in
Washington, DC on Friday, April 18, 1997 in connection with the
publication of a special Symposium issue of the Law Review on this
      The first panel, "The Technology of Electronic Cash," will
include: Newsweek columnist Steven Levy; Cybercash General Counsel
Russ Stevenson; Peter Wayner, author of Digital Cash: Commerce on
the Internet; Gary Lorenz, General Manager of the Diebold Campus
Systems Division; and a representative (invited) of the National
Security Agency.  This panel will examine the operation of stored
value cards and encryption techniques and will include a
demonstration of a "cyberpayment" made online with digital cash.
     The second panel, "Commentary on the Regulation of Electronic
Cash," brings together the authors of articles in the Symposium
issue (provided, with additional materials, to all registrants) to
review and recommend regulatory efforts from the viewpoints of
academics, practitioners, bankers, and consumer advocates.
Panelists include: Professor Mark Budnitz, Georgia State
University College of Law; Richard Field, Chair of the Electronic
Commerce Payment Committee of the American Bar Association;
Professor Egon Guttman, Washington College of Law; Professor David
Oedel, Mercer University Law School; Simon Lelieveldt, Senior
Policy Advisor, Payment Systems Policy Department, De
Nederlandsche Bank (the Dutch Central Bank); and Brian Smith of
Mayer, Brown & Platt.
     Dr. David Chaum, the founder and president of DigiCash, has
been invited to give a luncheon address.
     The third panel, "The Perspectives of the Regulators,"
includes: Thomas Baxter, Jr., General Counsel of the Federal
Reserve Bank of New York; William Kroener, General Counsel of the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation; Michael Billsma, Acting
Director, Community and Consumer Law, Office of the Comptroller of
the Currency; Stephen Kroll, Legal Counsel, Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network (FinCEN), United States Treasury Department;
Scott Charney, Chief, Computer Crime and Intellectual Property
Section, Criminal Justice Division, Department of Justice; John
Lopez, Counsel, Subcommittee on Domestic and International
Monetary Policy; Paul Glenn, Special Counsel, Office of Thrift
Supervision; and Lucy Morris, Assistant Director for Credit
Practices, Federal Trade Commission.
     A reception will follow.
     Registration fees (including lunch) are: $150 for
preregistrants; $175 for registration at the door; $100 for
Washington College of Law alumni; $80 for judges, law clerks, and
government employees; and $40 for full-time academics.     Please
register early, as space may be limited.
      For a registration form and more information, please contact
Professor Walter Effross, the Symposium's organizer and panel
moderator, at  (202) 274-4017, see our Symposium
website at
f.htm, or email:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-03-02 08:09:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: New Product in beta: SecurText 
[Software Entrepreneur's Mailing List]
[p1198: Sat Mar  1 02:12:17 1997]
We have been developing SecurText for over a year now and we finally have a
beta.  SecurText is an anti-hacker, anti-virus, e-mail enhanced network
product.  It is a versatile, elegant, easy-to-use alternative to PGP.  It
runs on Windows 3.1, 3.11, and Win 95.
Our commercial release will be fully S/MIME compliant, have built-in e-mail
functionality for totally seamless sending and receiving of secure messages
and attachments, and protect against viruses.
Check out our free beta at   Note that, due to
export controls on encryption, this version does not give you military
strength encryption so do not use for actual privacy or security.  For the
actual, military strength version you must send me your name, US mailing
address, plus $3.50 for s/h, and I will send it to you.
Send to:
Wormhole Technologies, Inc.
(softpub member)
6 Ash Avenue
West Orange, NJ 07052
By the way, I would really like this beta circulated as much as possible
and to get as much feedback as possible.  Kindly provide me with an e-mail
address when you download and I'll send you a short questionnaire (just 6
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page: FC97: Anguilla, anyone?

@_date: 1997-03-10 06:22:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hot and cold running randomness 
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-10 06:55:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FCBA Interactive Media Committee Brown Bag Lunches 
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
FCBA Interactive Media Practice Brown Bag Lunches in Washington DC
[from the FCBA Newsletter (March 1997)]
March 12: Robert Holleyman
May 15: Prof David Post
On Wednesday, March 12, the Interactive Media Practice of the Federal
Communications Bar Association will hold a brown bag luncheon meeting
with guest speaker Robert Holleyman, President of the Software Business
Alliance.  Mr. Holleyman will discuss "Encryption on the Internet."  The
meeting will be held at Siemens Corporation, 701 Pennsylvania Avenue,
NW, beginning at noon.  Please RSVP to Cheryl Steadley, (202) 434-4805,
if you can attend.
On Thursday, May 15, the committee will hold another brown bag luncheon
meeting with Professor David Post, Visiting Association Professor of
Law, Georgetown University Law Center, and Co-Director of the Cyberspace
Law Institute.  Prof. Post will discuss his paper "Law and Borders - The
Rise of Law in Cyberspace." The meeting will be held at the Federal
Communications Commission, 1919 M Street, NW, Room 845, beginning at
noon.  Please RSVP to Marie Moyd, 202-418-2100, if you can attend.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-11 06:49:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Stewart Baker on Clinton Administration Crypto Policy andDigital Commerce 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                               Presents
                           Mr. Stewart Baker,
                           Steptoe & Johnson
         formerly General Counsel, the National Security Agency
         "The Clinton Administration's Latest Encryption Policy
                and What It Means for Digital Commerce"
                        Tuesday, April 1, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Mr. Baker will discuss the details of the Clinton Administration's latest
encryption policy, which seeks to encourage "key recovery" encryption by
offering special export privileges to companies that support key-recovery
systems.  He will also discuss the reaction of American high-tech
companies, foreign governments and consumers.
Mr. Baker, formerly General Counsel of the National Security Agency, has an
international and technology practice at Steptoe & Johnson in Washington,
DC. He is a frequent contributor to WIRED and other publications on topics
such as encryption, national security and Internet law.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, April 1, 1997 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, March 29, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
May    TBA
June   Philip A. DesAutels  W3C Digital Signature Initiative
July   Win Treese           TLS, Digital Commerce, and Export Issues
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-11 10:04:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ANNOUNCE: "Java, Databases & Digital Money: a practicalperspective" 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Rachel Willmer Precedence: Bulk
Rachel Willmer, founder & M.D. of Intertrader Ltd, has been invited to
speak at the "Integration of Databases and Internet Technologies"
conference to be held at
Her paper is entitled:
Topics to be covered will include:
If you are interested in attending the conference,
please contact SMI on +44 (0) 171 252 2222.
Please come up and say hello if you're there!
If you would like a copy of the slides, please email
Rachel Willmer, Intertrader Ltd, Cova House, 4 John's Place, Edinburgh
Email: rachel    Tel: +44 131 555 8450    Fax: +44 131 555 8451
Sun Internet Associate and winner of 1996 SMART Award for Innovation
Just released: 50 page report on "Digital Money Online" (Feb 97)
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd - Commerce Solutions in the UK
Visit  for details ...
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it!  See Or, for e$/e$pam sponsorship, see Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-12 13:49:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DIMACS Workshop on Cryptographic Protocol Design andVerification, Sept. 3-5, 1997 
Sender: owner-ipsec
Precedence: bulk
Here's a more complete announcement for the workshop.
DIMACS Workshop on Formal Verification of Security Protocols
Sept. 3-5, 1997
Organizers:  Hilarie Orman, DARPA and Catherine Meadows, Naval Research
As we come to rely more and more upon computer networks to perform vital
functions, the need for cryptographic protocols that can enforce
a variety of security properties has become more and more important.
Thus it is no surprise that in recent years a number of new
protocols have been proposed for such applications as electronic
credit card transactions, Web browsing, and so forth.
Since it is notoriously difficult to design cryptographic protocols
correctly, this increased reliance on them to provide security has
become cause for some concern.  This is especially the case since
many of the new protocols are extremely complex.
In answer to these needs, research has been intensifying in the application
of formal methods to cryptographic protocol verification.  Recently
this work has matured enough so that it is starting to see application
to real-life protocols.  The goal of this workshop is to facilitate
this process by bringing together those were are involved in the design
and standardization of cryptographic protocols, and those who are developing
and using formal methods techniques for the verification of such protocols.
To this end we plan to alternate papers with panels soliciting new
paths for research.  We are particularly interested in paper
and panel proposals addressing new protocols with respect to their
formal and informal analysis.
Other topics of interest include, but are not limited to
- Progress in belief logics
- Use of theorem provers and model checkers in verifying crypto protocols
- Interaction between protocols and cryptographic modes of operation
- Methods for unifying documentation and formal, verifiable specification
- Methods for incorporating formal methods into crypto protocol design
- Verification of cryptographic API systems
- Formal definition of correctness of a cryptographic protocol
- Arithmetic capability required for proofs of security for
     number theoretic systems
- Formal definitions of cryptographic protocol requirements
- Design methodologies
- Emerging needs and new uses for cryptographic protocols
- Multiparty protocols, in particular design and verification methods
We encourage attendees to bring tools for demonstration.  Information
about availability of facilities for demonstration will be posted later.
To submit a paper to the workshop, submit a one or two page abstract,
in Postscript or ASCII to both organizers at the email addresses given below
by June 16, 1997.  Authors will be notified of acceptance or rejection of
abstracts by July 1.  Full papers will be due by August 1.
Copies of papers will be distributed at the workshop.  We also plan
to publish a proceedings.
Participation in the workshop is *not* limited to those giving presentations.
If you would like to attend the workshop, a registration form is available
at  Information on accommodations and travel arrangements is available at
 and
Information on the workshop in general is at
Hilarie Orman				Catherine Meadows
DARPA ITO				Naval Research Laboratory
3701 N. Fairfax Drive			Code 5543
Arlington VA 22203-1714			Washington, DC 20375
phone: (703)696-2234			phone: (202)-767-3490
email: horman			email:meadows
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-13 07:32:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: 128 bit Server and Browser Solution? 
Precedence: bulk
I believe this is of interest to folk on this list as we continue to develop
our SET solution.
A 128 bit Secure Browser and Server solution. Works with ALL 128 bit SSL 3.0
Servers - Selling outside of the USA - include FREE Server and
Browser certificates.
 *************************************************************************
VeriSure Overview
Table of Contents
1.      Full 128-bit encryption world wide
2.      Proven SSL 3.0 technology
3.      Protection against Java viruses
4.      Features
5.      Hardware and Software Requirements
6.      Support
7. For more Information and for a Test Drive
1. Full 128-bit encryption world wide
VeriSure is a Java-based applet that is automatically loaded when
your customers need to access a secure site with 128 bits encryption.
Browsers exported from the USA are crippled by 40 bit
encryption because USA export regulations prevent export of 128 bit
encryption. 40 bit encryption is easily broken with enough time
and computing power.
VeriSure extends those browsers to 128 bits to provide
highly secure encryption (currently unbreakable), regardless of
whether they are in the USA.
This means you can offer your customers secure online transaction
facilities such as banking, investment and other financial services.
PowerWeb which is a high performance full 128-bit secure server
CompuSource also offers PowerWeb which is a full 128-bit secure server
with unlimited RSA encryption using industry standard SSL 3.0 (and 2.0),
providing HTTP, FTP, SMTP and POP3 services, with many extensions
for rapid database application development and dynamic page content.
2. Proven SSL 3.0 technology
VeriSure uses proven SSL 3.0 technology which provides
authentication of servers and implements encrypted message digests
on every packet to ensure data integrity against tampering,
as well as 128 bit encryption for privacy and unlimited bits RSA
encryption for authentication.
VeriSure does not use SSL 2.0 which has several well known
flaws, especially regarding message digests.
The message digest authenticates the message against tampering
or forgery which is especially important for financial transactions.
Let's say a third party intercepts a message across the network and
decrypts it. The value to that third party is limited to the
content of the information of that single message, because that
third party cannot create new messages for two reasons:
the encryption key changes with every message and every message
is authenticated with a message digest which cannot be reverse
3. Protection against Java viruses
Each VeriSure is protected by only allowing connections to specified
sites. This protection is built into VeriSure by way of public key
cryptography which means that other malicious applets or viruses
cannot manipulate this information.
VeriSure also performs SSL 3.0 authentication of the remote server upon
every connection, thereby assuring customers of the true identity
of the server they are connecting to.
4. Features
VeriSure is built upon industry standards which means that you don't
need custom server solutions. Being built upon standard Java 1.02 or later,
it runs on any customer machine that has a web browser that supports
Java, regardless of operating system.
128 bit Browser and Server Solution
The VeriSure classes are available for licensing for third party
application development.
5. Hardware and Software Requirements
VeriSure is available for any platform that supports Java and has
a Java-enabled web browser, including: AIX, Solaris,
Windows NT, Windows 95, OS/2, MVS, OS/400.
6. Support
CompuSource provides support to licensees of VeriSure, who in turn
must support their customers.
7. For more Information and for a Test Drive:
VeriSure       PowerWeb       The Power Team
SMTP:   source               Tel:    +27-21-713-2111
HTTP:       FAX:    +27-21-713-0052
FTP:    ftp://ftp.compusource.co.za     Postal: Building 6, Room 201
                                        CompuSource (Pty) Ltd
                                        PO Box 510, Constantia, 7848, South
For faster response, please include previous correspondence to when replying.
PGP Public Key can be found at ftp://ftp.compusource.co.za/pub/pgp/public.key
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-16 05:46:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Dark Fiber Redux 
Just to throw a little gasoline on the George Gilder "Dark Fiber"
discussion around here, I found a huge, spiffy trove of Gilderama at:
Wherein the esteemed (at least I do ;-)) Mr. G says:
What this means, of course, is that (kind of, as CDMA etc., counts a
switching, I guess) like wireless, electromagnetic bandwidth, some day
you'll have huge glops of non-switched fiber bandwidth to play with. In
theory, at least, everyone gets a color, or frequency, and they listen on
that frequency for their inbound stuff. If you want to send someone
something, you literally tune them in and send it. Actually, I see these
frequencies using CDMA carrier waves when it eventually happens, but you
get the idea.
The implications for cryptography are rather cool. I don't *think*  these
doped optical amplifiers interfere with so-called quantum cryptography (not
to be confused with quantum computing, of course). If I remember my SciAm
back issues, quantum crypto is cool, because if anyone touches the signal
from Alice to Bob they're detected immediately. Or, is it that the signal
drops? Can't remember which. Anyway, you need uninterrupted fiber to do QC,
and that's what you have with optical non-switched amplification, whether
you're disturbing the photons is another story. Anyone here know for sure?
I remember discussion about this, but I don't remember the answer.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-16 06:28:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Gilder on CDA, Crypto Export, DES, and Financial Cryptography 
It's nice to see that the clueful memes are spreading, Gilder's congenital
statism aside :-).
Also from  .
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-19 23:19:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: key revocation 
I'm revoking my old key, and creating a new, bigger one. Yes, there's a story behind it, and it's a dumb one, and I'll tell it later.
Bob Hettinga

@_date: 1997-03-20 12:32:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: U.S Mint Electronic Cash Study 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: jmuller (John D. Muller)
Precedence: Bulk
     Federal Reserve Governor Kelley and New York Fed President McDonough
     have both stated that the Fed has no plans to issue electronic money.
     See:             The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd - Commerce Solutions in the UK
Visit  for details ...
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it!  See Or, for e$/e$pam sponsorship, see Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-20 12:33:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ONK?: SANS Network Security Digest? 
X-Sender: ploshin
Bob, just a quick question, have you heard/seen anything on this:
----A Resource for Computer and Network Security Professionals---
It's an $80/yr e-mail newsletter; there are a lot of recognizable names
there, but the thing isn't digitally signed.  Also, isn't it "Spafford"?
Anyway, anything you know would be appreciated, and if you don't know
anything, could you ask around (e.g., some of the likelier mailing lists
which I no longer subscribe to.)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-22 11:07:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: A cypherpunk push-poll ? (Was Re: Dorothy and the four Horseman) 
It seems to me that that whole "survey" was a classic example of "push"
That is, a poll where leading and inflamitory questions area asked about a
political opponent so that the respondent is incited to vote against that
Maybe there should be a cypherpunk counter-poll.
Any ideas for questions?
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-23 08:16:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: A cypherpunk push-poll ? (Was Re: Dorothy and the four Horseman) 
As always, Tim is right.
I actually didn't see this as something "we" should actually "do". I saw
this more as a humorous exercise for list's entertainment.
For instance, here's an example of a question that Dorothy and Winn
*should* have asked:
"In your extensive use of the internet in your professional capacity as the
CIO of a Fortune 50 corporation, have you encountered the use of
cryptography in acts of genocide?
Ecologic holocaust?
Thermonuclear terrorism?
The use of asteroid impact to destroy all life on earth as we know it?"
Or, as an example of some questions for the Official Cypherpunks
Cryptography Push-Poll:
"Have you ever seen or heard of a government which used deliberately
weakened cryptography in it's own operations?"
"Do you believe that a government which knows *everything* about you can be
trusted with that information?"
"Do you believe that the U.S. Constitution was written to control the
behavior of government, or that of private citizens? Why do you think this
is the case?"
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-23 15:00:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Digital Signature Mock Trial 
X-PGP-Key: X-Sender: rodney
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Rodney Thayer Rodney Thayer PGP: BB1B6428 409129AC  076B9DE1 4C250DD8
To unsubscribe from the dcsb list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-23 19:56:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "why privacy" revisited 
Thank you, Peter, for what I believe is the most singular example of the
two sides of the statism coin I've ever seen.
Seen with the traditional liberal/conservative political worldview, it
makes no sense for the famous compassionate liberal judge Earl Warren,
whose supreme court presided over the creation of the world's largest
welfare state, to advocate what is on its face an extremely conservative
act -- the internment of thousands of Japanese Americans in concentration
camps -- in his earlier role as a state governor.
Viewed from the statism/freedom standpoint, it is completely logical, that
is, "We're your nation-state. We're stronger than you are, and we'll take
what we damn well please from you, including your life, if necessary."
In the case of the Japanese concentration camps, it was taking the personal
freedom of Japanese Americans. In the case of the judicially activist
Warren court's welfare state, it was the confiscation of assets from
productive members of society in violation of the laws of economics, which
in turn caused misery for the increasing dole-dependant millions. People
who are now much less free than they ever were before the creation of the
"Great Society".
I *love* this list. Absolutely love it.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-24 19:43:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Announce: list-abuse mailing list 
Precedence: Bulk
Sender: "ListMom-Talk Discussion List" Reply-To: "ListMom-Talk Discussion List" On the list-managers list, I suggested that a mailing list
discussing how to prevent mailing list abuse might be useful.
Based on the strongly positive feedback I received about the idea,
I've gone ahead and created a "list-abuse" mailing list.  I
apologize to members of "list-managers" who have already received
this announcement.
General instructions about joining "List-Abuse" are available at:
Alternatively, you can send email to: join-list-abuse
About LIST-ABUSE: LIST-ABUSE is an Internet discussion group working
to stop abuses of Internet mailing lists. In particular, we aim to
stop mail bombs, spoofed-subscribers, denial of service attacks, and
other forms of "Mailing List Terrorism". Mailing list administrators,
authors of mailing list software, and others interested in mailing
list abuse are welcome to join.
John Buckman Shelby Group Ltd., Developers of Lyris Email List Server
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-25 09:20:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: New Hampshire INTERNET SIG Meeting, Tuesday, April 1, 1997 
discuss dubie
        scryberdave X-Mts: smtp
Sender: owner-isig
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: isig
When: Tuesday April 1, 1997 7PM
Where: Nashua, NH Public Library, 2 Court St, Nashua, NH.
Topic: Robert Hettinga, founding moderator of the Digital Commerce Society of
The NH INTERNET SIG (Special Interest Group) welcomes you to its monthly
meeting, the first Tuesday of every month.
The next meeting will be on April 1st and will focus on the technology and
social consequences of digital commerce and financial
cryptography. Mr. Hettinga is also general chair of Financial Cryptography
1997, the world's first conference on Financial Cryptography.
However, financial cryptography, the technology which
underlies digital commerce in its most secure form, will have much more
profound implications than merely the simplification of sales and
distribution. It permits us to make anonymous *cash* transactions for
everything from a billion-dollar foriegn exchange trade to, probably, the
switching of internet packets themselves.
If this promise is kept, it could change the fundamentals of our entire
Please check out Mr. Hettinga's web site:
This meeting promises to be fun and informative for both the technical and
non-technical computer users.
For more information contact Ken Adams at (603) 598-1823
eMail: director
For more information contact Jerry Feldman ,
NH-ISIG meeting coordinator..
Mailing list: nh-isig
WWW:          NOTE: Empire.net is currently moving the web site to a new server.
      Please bear with us while the work is in progress. I have posted a
      more complete description and speaker bio
      at:
Directions to the Nashua Public Library (Plenty of free parking after 5PM):
Take Route 3 North to Nashua. Take exit 5E, Route 111 East
(Kinsley St., There is a Howard Johnson's Motel at the exit).
Follow 111 East (Kinsley St.) to the fourth set of lights and Main St. North.
Turn left onto Main St. and at the third set of lights turn right onto Temple
St. Take Temple St. to 2nd left onto Cottage Avenue (Behind Indian Head Plaza)
into Library's metered parking lot. (Meters in force 9AM to 5PM only).
Take the Everett Turnpike (Rte. 3) to Exit 7-E, 101A (Amherst St.)
Follow 101A to major intersection and turn right onto Main St.
Follow Main St. and turn left at the second set of lights onto Temple St.
Take Temple St. to 2nd left onto Cottage Avenue (Behind Indian Head Plaza)
into Library's metered parking lot. (Meters in force 9AM to 5PM only).
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-26 12:00:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [OFF TOPIC]Comments about CFP '97 
Actually, what you *really* want is one of those 400-lb-flywheel jobs that
the tree surgeons use to mulch big tree limbs up with. I worked behind one
one summer in college. They are *indeed* impressive.
Don't forget to freeze everything before you put it in there, though. Works
cleaner and faster.
Actually, there was a case a few years where a guy did exactly that with
his wife, her deep-frozen and all. Only problem was the cops figured it out
after they found out he had rented one of these things shortly before she
disappeared. Though they didn't find anything of her after the critters in
woods behind his house had their "one *tasty* burger", John Law did break
the tree mulcher down and find DNA-confirmed microscopic bits of her in the
machine's um, interstices... Remember, return the tools clean folks, or you
don't get your deposit back.
Reminds me of the headless biker we talked about here a while ago.
Whoops! Gotta run. Time for lunch!
I *love* this list...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-28 07:13:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: CypherPunks Hash Distribution Network / Combined thread 
At 8:18 am -0500 on 3/28/97, Truth Mongrel, (probably the nym formerly
known as Rabid Wombat, possibly a disgruntled BCTEL employee now gone, um,
postal) wrote (Why? Because he can!):
Hey! A guy's allowed to change his mind (six, maybe seven, times, tops),
isn't he? :-).
(Down, boy. No! *Don't* lick me in the face! Yyyyech! Pef! Down! Who
*knows* where that tongue's been...)
Bob Hettinga
PS: I *love* this list.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"Never attribute to conspiracy what can be
explained by stupidity." -- Jerry Pournelle
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-29 20:02:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Hard to Tax Scenario 
Ain't quite so far-fetched as it looks. At the ACM 50 year thing a bit ago,
they were doing telemedical diagnoses. The Army has a teleoperated
meatball-surgery system for battlefields. Onion routed surgery, anyone?
Right, but, in a  geodesic  market, large entities dissolve
anyway because (another of my wildly unsubstantiated claims) large firms'
internal transfer pricing efficiencies aren't any higher than those of the
open market.
I think, soon enough, we're all going to be sole proprietors of some kind,
transacting business on our own behalf on the net, and cash will always
king in that kind of world. Frankly, corporations have no way to hide, or
they would. Heck, when you think about it, corporations, as legal entities,
anyway, can't survive in an environment where laws can't work, anyway.
(By the way, I'm going to embarass Doug Barnes now by naming a law after
him. He said a thing of beauty at FC97: "Any transaction protocol which
has, as one of it's steps, '...and then you call the cops', isn't a real
good idea on the internet." Shall we call it Barnes' Law, anyone? Sure,
lots have said it before, but no one's said it better...)
Right. Or, if the income is actually earned and spent on the net. There,
cash is the best payment method because it settles instantly without the
recordkeeping overhead --  much less the indirect cost of law-enforcement
Oops. I shoulda read further, I guess. :-).
Or capital gains, or any other book-entry tax.
I think of this stuff at the boundry between cypherspace and meatspace as
the equivalent of turbulence. And, as the joke goes, turbulence is a hard
problem.  :-).
However, I do know that as it becomes more and more easy to buy and hold
assets on the net, particularly financial assets (the largest category
thereof) and, someday, maybe even actual meatspace-physical *stuff*, this
problem, like that of punching through the turbulence at the sound barrier,
or that any other "barrier" for that matter, will be not such a big deal.
(Another paragraph of Proustian proportions, that...)
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-29 20:04:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: PSYOPS/infowar 
This is surely going to piss some people off, but let's some fun with this,
shall we?
Tim May
Kelly Goen
Phil Zimmermann (then)
Belize, say
CFP (a virtual terrarium :-))
EFF (agrabiz!)
Phil Zimmermann (now)
Eric Hughes
Michael Froomkin
Any cypherpunk who's actually making money on this stuff :-).
Me ;-)
Mondex (a little hand-biting here, on my part)
David Chaum
Hong Kong
The Phillipenes
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-30 14:15:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Money Laundering Conference 
At 12:13 pm -0500 on 3/30/97, Black Unicorn forwarded to DCSB:
                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
                      Wonder where they got *that* from? :-)
Hey!!! There's an *echo* in this room. What's the propagation delay here?
Say, what, 3 months? Sheesh.
Don't ever look behind you. They might be gaining...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-03-31 20:39:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Of interest, perhaps 
X-Sender: ace
What do amber, beads, drums, eggs, feathers, leather, and oxen all
have in common with the aforementioned shiny things? That's right!
They've all been used at one time or another as money. (The oxen were
hell on ATMs, but that's another story.) So, if you're feeling a
little down in the wallet around tax time, circulate on over to the
History of Money. The site, derived from a book of the same name,
takes an in-depth look at where "wampum" has been and where it's
going, from ancient times to the present day. Especially interesting
is the chronology, giving the low down on loot from 9000 BC to
2002. That's well over a hundred years, according to our accountant.
(Please note that not once did we say, "Show me the money!" See Jerry
Maguire for more on this.)
Adam C. Engst, TidBITS Editor -- ace -- info
                                 ---
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-01 05:05:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB April Meeting Cancelled 
No, it's not an April Fool's joke. (Or, maybe it is, but it's not mine,
It's 07:19. The commuter rail isn't running. The busses aren't running. The
subways are only running where they're underground. Logan's closed and
won't open until 3 this afternoon, which means that Stewart Baker can't get
here to speak. And, finally, the Harvard Club, which is usually open at
this hour for breakfast, isn't answering the phone, which makes sense,
because the manager gave me his home number yesterday in case something
like this happened, and I called him just now, and *he's* still home. :-).
So, as they say in the movies, "Game over, man."
I think it'll probably be easier just to cancel this month's meeting, and,
if Mr. Baker wants to come some other time, we'll reschedule him -- and
reschedule our other speakers, if necessary, to accomodate him. If folks
really just want to delay the meeting and cobble together another program
later this week or next, we can of course discuss it on the dcsb list. I'm
sure the Club would love our revenue. :-).
So, let's talk about the money, shall we?
If you sent me a check for this meeting, and you plan on coming to the next
meeting, I'll hold it for next time. Just let me know. If you sent me a
check and you don't plan to come next time, I'd prefer to just tear up the
check rather than send it back (I probably don't have the envelope anymore,
anyway :-)). I'll send you a PGP signed confirmation of that fact, with the
check number. However, if *really* want me to send your check back, let me
know. Please remember to include your mailing address, so I know where to
send it back to.
Let me know if you have any other questions, and, see you next time!
Bob Hettinga
(Snowed in) Moderator,
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-01 07:03:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Sterling ConnectConceal 
Fresh off the canary cage floor and InfoWorld.
Public key cryptography meets security through obscurity with single
private key /multiple user access.
SDKs only $2,500.
The ganglia twitch.
No, it's not an April Fool's joke.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-01 17:39:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Book-entry settlement mechanism 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Precedence: Bulk
I doubt you're misunderstanding anything, as I'm usually making this up as
I go along, anyway. :-).
So, let's see what we have, here...
*I* think so, if they all use the same cryptographic transaction protocols,
which is what I've been talking about all along, here. If a cryptographic
protocol breaks, the trade doesn't clear. I expect that settlement
protocols, like internet protocols, will be open and standardized. That
way, it doesn't matter who you're settling with, as long as long as their
reputation is good. That reputation can be a distributed one, with a
"reputation club", just like it is now. NASD membership, for instance, is a
good present example. In the model we're talking about, if your key is
signed by the club (association, syndicate, whatever) and not revoked,
you're a member in good standing, so you're trustworthy for various kinds
of transactions.
See above. You get your information from different web sites, now, right?
No difference, to my mind.
In my example, they're selling the exaust, the pricing information they
collect. New information is always more important than old information in a
geodesic market, right? I say that secondary market transaction costs are
still inconsiderable, for the most part.
I think that you're looking at a world where there are economies of scale,
here. As I said elsewhere, that "critical mass" continues to get smaller
and smaller, particular in "switching" activities like trade clearing. One
of my many groundless claims about all this is that the transfer price
inside operating units of larger entities converges toward the market price
between small independant entities. Exactly the opposite of what happens in
industrial communications networks. Cf. all my various rants on Moore's Law
and geodesic networks. The upshot is that organazitions map to their
communication structures, and hierarchical, economies-of-scale markets and
organizations don't work in that kind of world.
Yes, but the information is ubiquitous, and, of course, it's distributed
geodesically. Anybody with a reasonably fast machine can purchase pricing
from all those places, or even a reasonable statistical sample, and
"publish" that information. More to the point, people with new pricing
information will probably auction it off on a non-exclusive basis. Remember
Cronk's geodesic information auction talk during the rump session in
Anguilla? People with the most to gain from the newest information, pay the
most for it, usually because they resell it to others, but also because
they might need it to trade with.
Of course. "Assume a frictionless surface", and all that. However, just
because the mathematics of the situation varies slightly from reality,
doesn't mean that it's wrong. Physics versus Engineering. Frankly, I think
that "no hitches in the authentication", being the most important business
necessity for the underwriter, will have to be be the *first* thing to
work. :-).  Fortunately, that's not too difficult a problem with these
cryptographic protocols.
In addition, the operative clause in your sentence above is "certainly it
could be cheaper than it is today". If it's "cheap" enough, and that is yet
another unsubstantiated claim of mine requiring actual data :-), then it's
good enough to use. H1 replaces H0, in statistical parlance.
Same way they do now. By borrowing certificates from somebody, and paying
the lender back with others. If the borrower doesn't pay those certificates
back, it's reputation "capital punishment".
See above. With a standard protocol. The internet is one big standard
protocol, right?
See  Suppose you could punish someone without
needing the physical force of a nation state to do it. Reputation is
orthogonal to identity in cypherspace. The ultimate sanction in a geodesic
market is the loss of one's reputation. It's equivalent to capital
punishment, because no one will ever trade with you again. And, the most
important point, that reputation adheres to your digital signature, not
your physical person. Biometric identity, audit trails, etc., are no longer
necessary. So, if you can have non-repudiation through cryptographic
protocol (to keep the trades from breaking, and, more to the point, to make
them settle instantly) and reputation (to keep people from defrauding you),
*what* exactly do you need market "regulation" for?
Not if the coupons are actual certificates. For a bond and its coupons, you
just issue a bundle of bearer certificates comprising the coupons and the
principal. You could even "strip" them apart and sell them idividually in a
secondary market, if you can find someone to buy them. :-). At redemption
time, it would be just as if someone mailed in the little coupon they
clipped off a paper bearer bond, only I send them digital cash, instead of
a check. Don't need to know, or care, who they are. It's cheaper that way.
For dividends, there are lots of different zero-knowlege cryptographic
proofs that you can run using a digital bearer stock certificate, as the
"information" that you want to prove you have. (See Bruce Schneier's
"Applied Cryptography", 2nd ed., for this.) I call a dividend, people send
me a hash (or something) of the certificate to prove they have it, and I
send them digital cash in a message encrypted to them alone. Dividend paid,
all on a bearer basis. You can do the same kind of thing for proxies, too.
Yes, there are anonymous voting schemes. Welcome through the looking glass,
Because he's picking the seller out of the equivalent of an open-outcry market.
The market imposes structure on itself. Economic reality is not optional.
Reality dictates politics, not the other way around.
The most "efficient" way is the market's way. You know that. The more
information you put into a market, the more efficient it is, modulo
psychology, like motl^h^h^h^h greater fool theories, which we really can't
do anything about, anyway.
I used to be a clerk at Morgan Stanley. My first job out of college. I read
HOM about 5(?) years ago, after it came out.
I read the book the same way you did, until I discovered this financial
cryptography / geodesic market stuff. Now I see all that stuff completely
differently. Morgan was "integrative", because that's the way
communications technology was organizing things, into larger and larger
hierarchies. I consider myself "disintegrative", because that's the way
communications technology is organizing things, "surfacting" them into
smaller and smaller entities on a ubiquitous geodesic market-network.
By the way, my favorite J. Pierpont Morgan story is at the front of the
book, where they haul him in front of Congress, after saving the US economy
three(?) times and filling the mint twice(?), primarily because he has more
money and financial power than God. :-). They ask him what is the most
important thing to have to be a banker. His answer: Character. Something
like, "Character. I wouldn't buy anything from a man with no character if
he offered me all the bonds in Christendom."
That's why we didn't need regulation in the original paper-based,
instant-settled bearer certificate financial markets, the buttonwood tree
on Wall Street, or the coffeehouse called Lloyd's, or a bunch of merchants
in the City. Reputation ("Character") was good enough. It was a financial
actor's most precious asset. Things changed from that, to the hierarchical,
book-entry world we have today, because we needed to communicate long
distances and had only humans to switch the information around. The
technology you saw in Anguilla is about to change all that.
I'll make one or my famous wild-eyed claims here, and say that the *only*
reason we need market "regulation" is because our industrial communications
technology required us to use book-entry settlement, which in turn required
the force of nation-states to ensure non-repudiation.
We don't need information hierarchies, much less book-entry settlement,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-01 20:48:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Value Added Marketspace Model -- The Paper 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: "R. Jason Cronk" Precedence: Bulk
I've put my never to be finished paper on the value added marketspace
model, which I briefly described at FC97, on the WEB at
 .  It is rough, but so were the roads
in Anguilla.
R. Jason Cronk
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd - Commerce Solutions in the UK
Visit  for details ...
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it!  See Or, for e$/e$pam sponsorship, see Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-02 06:50:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Geodesic Warfare: The Mesh and the Net 
Anthony Templar took the text file I had of
                          THE MESH AND THE NET
                    Speculations on Armed Conflict in
                          a Time of Free Silicon
                            MARTIN C. LIBICKI
                              McNair Paper 29
                                March 1994
                INSTITUTE FOR NATIONAL STRATEGIC STUDIES
                       NATIONAL DEFENSE UNIVERSITY
                               Washington, D.C.
 bashed it quite nicely into HTML, and parked it at
Somebody put a pointer to the original site -- which I have since lost --
on cypherpunks a couple of years ago, and I downloaded the text version,
then, thinking that I would have a copy of my own if it was ever taken off
the net. Altavista was just getting started at the time, and, like a
turn-of-the-century British dancehall character named Archie (the namesake
for World War I antiaircraft fire), Altavista was busy looking up the dress
of every website it could find, and telling everyone what it saw. :-). No
telling when stuff would go away, especially after the webmasters' bosses
found out about it.
It dawns on me that both comic book and internet protocol Archies were
aptly named, in hindsight...
Anyway, thanks to Anthony for doing such a nice job on what looks like a
65-page paper. It's about 250k+ in size.
Its e$ relevance, of course, is, what happens if there's a cash settled
market for force, and these increasingly smaller, autonomous, networked
weapons auction their services in that market? Also, the paper talks about
how these weapons could be used to effectively defend very small pieces of
ground, certainly at the level of your average suburban house. Personal
warfare?  The Swiss, the original Icelanders, and the pre-British Irish
must be smiling somewhere.
Lions and Tigers and Bears.
Oh, my.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-02 10:43:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hettinga rants in Cleveland at 3PM on WERE 
Kevin Miller, a talk show host in Cleveland, is going to have me on his
local radio show at 3PM EST today to talk about e$, geodesic
markets/societies, strong crypto, digital bearer securities, and anything
else I can dream up. :-).
For those of you in Cleveland, the radio station is WERE, and I don't know
whether it's AM or FM.
Evidently, he also has a national radio show, with a simulcast (? could be
a tape to realaudio thing, though) on the net. I'm going to be on *that*,
also live, at 8PM tomorrow night.
More details as I know them.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-03 08:22:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hettinga rants Nationally at 8PM on the Talk America Radio Network 
Kevin Miller, the same talk show host from Cleveland that I talked to
yesterday afternoon, is going to have me reprise yesterday's Cleveland rant
about e$, geodesic markets/societies, strong crypto, etc., on his First
Opinion radio show, at 8PM EST tonight, on the Talk America Radio Network.
Talk America's site is  and it has an affiliate
station list (they're pretty much everywhere, but you have to look for
them) and program schedules for their two networks. I seem to be on Talk
America Network 1, which puts me in the company of such august luminaries
as Col. Bo Gritz. :-). I can see Vinnie grinning now, in his official
capacity as my Samoan Attorney. :-).
Talk America also seems to have an internet audio feed, but it uses a
non-RealAudio package called Xing. YMMV.
Finally, the call-in line during the show is  1-800-298-8255. I encourage
cypherpunks to call in, identify themselves as such, and straighten folks
out about the latest Clintonista crypto KRA outrage. Though, yesterday, I
core-dumped so much stuff that we got a total of 2 calls in edgewise. :-).
It was ever thus, it seems...
This one hour show makes me 45 minutes overdrawn on my Warholian 15 minute
fame allocation. Hope I can make the best of it.
Also, it may get worse. I committed on the air yesterday to come back once
a month or so, at least to Cleveland, and maybe nationally. The ganglia
As they say, stay tuned...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-03 09:24:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DigiCash press release 
Sender: e-payments-owner
Precedence: bulk
+------------- PRESS RELEASE ----------
     Dr. David Chaum, Founder and Chief Technical Officer of
DigiCash, received his Ph.D. in Computer Science from the University
of California at Berkeley, then taught at New York University
Graduate School of Business Administration and at the University of
California, and headed the Cryptography Group at CWI, the Dutch
nationally-funded centre for research in mathematics and computer
science, before taking his current position. He has published over
45 original technical articles on cryptography and also founded the
International Association for Cryptologic Research.
DigiCash Products
----------- END PRESS RELEASE -------------------------
Andreas Furche					Level 29 The Chifley Tower
Managing Director				2 Chifley Square
DigiCash Pty. Ltd.				Sydney 2000, Australia
e-mail: andreas			ph  +61 2 9375 2316
mobile (0419) 385 569 (NEW number!)		fax +61 2 9375 2121

@_date: 1997-04-03 13:04:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Stewart Baker (one more time...) on Clinton AdministrationCrypto Policy and   Digital Commerce 
No, there is *not* an echo in here...
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                              (Again!)
                           Mr. Stewart Baker,
                           Steptoe & Johnson
         formerly General Counsel, the National Security Agency
            (who, along with the staff of the Harvard Club,
        was unable to get into Boston for April's DCSB meeting
              because of the April Fool's day snowstorm...)
         "The Clinton Administration's Latest Encryption Policy
                and What It Means for Digital Commerce"
                        Tuesday, May 6, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Mr. Baker will discuss the details of the Clinton Administration's latest
encryption policy, which seeks to encourage "key recovery" encryption by
offering special export privileges to companies that support key-recovery
systems.  He will also discuss the reaction of American high-tech
companies, foreign governments and consumers.
Mr. Baker, formerly General Counsel of the National Security Agency, has an
international and technology practice at Steptoe & Johnson in Washington,
DC. He is a frequent contributor to WIRED and other publications on topics
such as encryption, national security and Internet law.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, May 6, 1997 from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$27.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, and the speaker's lunch.
;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets and ties for men,
and "appropriate business attire" for women.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, May 3, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
NOTE: If we already have your check for April, and you're still coming, you
*don't* need to send another one. :-)
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston".
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Planned speakers for DCSB are:
June      Philip A. DesAutels  W3C Digital Signature Initiative
July      Win Treese           TLS, Digital Commerce, and Export Issues
August    Duncan Frissell*     MarketEarth
September Christof Paar        Elliptic Curve Cryptography
October   Peter Cassidy*       Military Fiat and Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-04 19:55:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: From the "pissing up a rope" file... 
Priority: normal
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Organization: Uni Wuerzburg - Jur. Fak.
I thought some people on the list might feel very strongly about this
issue and would like to cast their vote.
The NBC Interactive Question of the Week:
Should there be one international group that governs and controls web
To cast your vote go to --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-07 09:35:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Bell case and the liability of information... 
X-Sender: pswire
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
        Sorry.  Check out the cases that Soldier of Fortune magazine lost
for failing to check its classified ads.  The cases involved "gun for hire"
classifieds, someone got shot, and the estate was permitted to sue the
        The tort analysis used a Hand test, in which the cost of screening
the classified (on its face an invitation to commit a deadly crime) was
found to be less than the cost to society of allowing the magazine to run
such ads.
        The facts of SOF are very special, but they show at least one
scenario where courts have found liability for running a classified ad.
        Regards,
        Peter
Prof. Peter Swire
Ohio State University
College of Law
e-mail: swire.1
web:  (in early stages of construction)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-07 17:00:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: New Paper by Ron Rivest 
Sender: owner-micropay
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: micropay
Ron Rivest has just added a new paper on Micropayments to his Web site:
Electronic Lottery Tickets as Micropayments (rump session talk given at the
Financial Cryptography '97 conference)
Its in Postscript, perhaps when the HTML Math proposal finally appears...
(Three years and counting so far).
Phillip M. Hallam-Baker
Visitng Scientist
MIT Laboratory for Artificial Intelligence.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-07 22:53:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "...markets are fundamentally chaotic, not efficient"? Really? 
Yes. It's from the same playbook which says I now get to call you a "twit".
Bark. Chaos theory has nothing to say about the capital markets practically
by definition, but that's a "security analyst" notion, so you probably
wouldn't understand it.
Actually, chaotic behavior is a subset of stochastic behavior. I stand by
what I said. Just because a random variable is predictable within certain
parameters doesn't mean that you can call say, every flip of a coin 100
times. When you get to the limit of predictability, you are as "efficient"
as you can get.
Sure. What? The devine right of kings? The inherent good of the
surveillance state? I say that stochasticity, including chaos, is the only
factor that matters.
That statement, is, of course, an another oxymoron, just like "market control".
Rediculous. Most of the "expertise" in chaos "theory" is in the hands of
dillitantes who like to draw pretty pictures. Most of the physicists hired
by Wall Street were people who discovered market analogs to physical
processes. A friend of mine, for example, who used Monte Carlo simulations
to analyze sonar returns, and now uses Green's functions to get faster
results on interest rates and total return scenarios on bonds. Or another,
who did 2D magnetohydrodynamic code once, and now does fun stuff in the
currency markets.
The problem with simulating a market with emergent systems is that you
can't say anything about a given market when the simulation is over. Just
about the simulation. Otherwise (duh?) it's not chaotic enough. Which, by
the way, was my point. When you get to "chaos", you're as "efficient" as
you can go.
That's not to say that using emergent systems technology to create markets
*themselves* isn't useful. Far from it. That's the kind of stuff several
people around here hope to see arise from autonomous entities operating in
cash-settled internet markets, for example. Cash settlement technologies,
by the way, which need strong unescrowed cryptography even to function.
Ah. Another ad hominem. See "twit", above. You're ugly, and your mother
dresses *you* funny, too. By the way, I'm sorry I misspelled your name. For
some reason, it seems I didn't respect you enough to get it right...
You said that "chaotic" markets aren't efficient. I said exactly the
opposite. That they are the ultimate in efficiency, and that if you believe
that chaotic markets are not efficient, you must favor planned economies,
because they're the only alternative. I figure this tendency towards
stringent control must be from where you work or something. Oops. Another
ad hominem. So sorry. They must be in the air this evening.
Right. And the increasing American importation of bananas throughout the
20th century caused an increase in suicide. Another informal fallacy.
You're nine for nine tonight, Mr. Ch^hispin. Of course there are actual
exceptions to the efficient market hypothesis, fools' markets being the
most famous example. However, the crash of any given fool's market is
completely unpredictable, and, as such, is as efficient a price as you're
going to get, paradoxically. Which was my point.
Actually, it was the *whole* point, but you didn't get it. Another one of
those "security analyst" notions, which kind of blew by you, in what seems
to be a rather breezy evening in your neck of the woods...
Okay. I'll tell you this one, for fun, too, since you don't get *it*
either. In a geodesic network, a single node can not possibly process all
the information in the network. It chokes, and the network routes around
it. You can bet that any key escrow agent would be innundated with
surviellance requests and would eventually become either useless under the
load no matter how big a processor it had. (Hint: it's the same kind of
problem with certificate revocation.) Or, it will be forced to cache its
keys in other locations, making them more insecure. Soon, either everyone
can't get access to the keys because they can't handle the load, or
everyone can because the keys aren't secret anymore. An interesting
corrolary is that even if the keys were available, the surveilling entity
would choke on *its* information load. This is FinCEN's eventual problem.
Maybe we could call it the Freeh paradox, or something.
Anyway, the best you can hope for is some kind of distributed caching
model, based on the distributed trust models we talk about here. But, if
some kind of centralized entity tries to access *those* keys for
surviellance, it chokes even worse than if it had all the keys in the same
Just lay there and take it, slave. You know you love it, or you wouldn't be
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-08 17:53:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: congressman wants review of online banking system 
X-Sender: oldbear
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: The Old Bear CONGRESSMAN CALLS FOR REVIEW OF ONLINE BANKING
House Banking Committee Chairman James Leach (R-Iowa) has
asked the General Accounting Office to review whether the
Federal Reserve has sufficiently protected its Fedwire
funds transfer and security transfer system from electronic
Fedwire processes around 380,000 securities and funds
transfers totaling $1.6 trillion each day.
source: BNA Daily Report for Executives
        April 7, 1997
To unsubscribe from the dcsb list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-10 08:09:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Internet security code said vulnerable to hackers 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: "Joseph M. Reagle Jr." Precedence: Bulk
This is one screwed up story. I don't know what they are actually trying to
say, but the guy from MasterCard isn't helping. (I stick my two derisive
comments into the story. )
Forwarded Text ----
  	 ATLANTA, April 9 (Reuter) - The new security protocol for
  safeguarding credit-card transactions on the Internet may have
  to change because the underlying cryptography is too easy to
  hack through and too difficult to upgrade, an expert said
  Wednesday.
  	 Steve Mott, senior vice president of electronic commerce
  and new ventures for MasterCard International, said it could
  take hackers as little as a year to break the industry's
  standard encryption code, which is supposed to render
  credit-card numbers unreadable to outsiders on the Internet's
  World Wide Web.
  	 For that reason, the consortium of technology companies
  and creditors that has spent two years years developing the
  Secure Electronic Transaction (SET) protocol may switch to a
  faster encryption system called Elliptic Curve, which is
  produced by Certicom Corp.
  	 The first complete version of SET, known as SET 1.0, will
  be available to software makers June 1 with core cryptography
  provided by RSA Data Security, a unit of Security Dynamics
  Technologies Inc.
  	 ``RSA is a very good starting point. But we suspect that in
  a year or two, the Kevin Mitnicks of the world will start to
  figure out ways to hack it,'' Mott said. Mitnick is one of the
  most notorious computer hackers.
[This is stupid mixing "hackers" with key lengths. Kevin Mitnick doesn't
have didley to do with encryption. He just grabbed a huge CC plain text file
off of netcom file system. Should have said Ian Goldberg, or the folks at
Ecole Polytechnique in Paris or MIT.]
  	 ``The only way you scale an RSA is to add a lot more bits.
  You add a lot more bits and it becomes more complex software
  in terms of the interaction of the transaction messages.
  That's part of what's taken SET so long to start with.''
[This is a hoot! Adding a longer key length makes the software more complex!
And THIS is what has held up SET!!!?? ]
  	 MasterCard has been helping put together merchants with
  its own member banks for SET pilot projects in Denmark, Japan,
  Taiwan, South Africa and the United States.
  	 Mott told a news conference at the Internet Commerce Expo
  that the Elliptic Curve encryption system would make a better
  encryption core. In fact, he said it would have been chosen in
  the first place if developers had been known about it.
  	 ``It will fit on a chip card. I think its 160 bits equals
  security to 1,024 bits of RSA,'' the credit industry executive
  said. ``We anticipate putting it into some SET 1.0 pilots in
  the very near future this year in the U.S.''
  	 Far from being disturbed by the possibility of hackers
  getting through the current SET cryptography, Mott said SET's
  developers would ``give them an award and a ribbon and then
  embody whatever they did as part of the improvements'' in the
  next version of security standards.
  	 ``The current version for SET is as safe as anybody can
  make it,'' he said.
End Forwarded Text ----
Regards,   A man's dreams are an index to his greatness.
           -Zadok Rabinwitz
Joseph Reagle     reagle    E0 D5 B2 05 B6 12 DA 65  BE 4D E3 C1 6A 66 25 4E
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd:                "Digital Money Online"
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it! For e$/e$pam sponsorship, mail Bob: Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-10 15:44:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Japan E-Commerce Promotion Council on CAs 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: jmuller (John D. Muller)
     Press release
     Announcement of Certification Authority Guidelines in Japan
     ---
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-11 13:38:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FinCEN Resources 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Vin McLellan web Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-12 14:57:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "...markets are fundamentally chaotic, not efficient"? Really? 
Mr. Crispin?
Fuck you. With a brick.
Now, exactly what did that nasty little bit of vituperation have have to do
with our admittedly equivocal discussions about the definition of
randomness, and whether any given market was a random process --
definitional prestidigitation aside -- and thus as efficient as it was ever
going to be? Something any finance major, and probably any electrical
engineer, for that matter, is taught in the third week of school?
Not a god-damned thing.
A point, which, if you actually go back and *read* the asinine (woops!) bit
of logical sophistry (so sorry!) you eventually found yourself in, you
might have actually comprehended. If you didn't fancy yourself as God's
Gift to Disputation (damn... another one; I simply *must* stop this).
Which, of course, was my point in showing you all your ad hominems. A point
you didn't actually get, insisting on piling on more instead, so you could
"prove" your point with a veritable bestiary of informal fallacies. (The
nadir of which, by the way, was asking me to clarify something I said in
passing, and then calling it a "straw man" in reply. Remarkable.)
Having watched you for a while, and having determined that you have nothing
new to add to the discussions here, I have no compunction whatsoever about
putting you into my killfile.
With a brick, Mr. Cretin^h^h^h^hispin.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-12 14:57:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: anonymous credit 
This looks pretty much like a standard secondary market for digital bearer
bonds. For the few of those here who haven't done so already ;-), see the
e$ home page for several rants on the same subject.
The only people who really need to be identified in such a market -- at
least as "identified" as a perfect pseudonym needs to be -- are the issuer
and the trustee, both of whom must have some kind of persistant reputation
in order to issue the bonds in the first place. The issuer because they're
borrowing the money for something, and trustee, because, as the financial
intermediary, they're renting their reputation to the trade in exchange for
a haircut on a transaction somewhere, usually at issuance and redemption.
In Mr. Dai's case, the trustee is some large trustworthy entity, and the
issuer is a bunch of anonymous, or at least pseudonymous, people whose
reputations would be trashed by the trustee though on a separate "channel"
if they don't pay up. It's actually what happens with mortgages and bank
accounts all the time, except we're doing it here in bearer form. In fact,
in blinding(?) the borrower's identity from the lender, we doing something
pretty much like securitizing the debt. There is nothing to keep us from
pooling the debt and issuing securitized versions, controlling for all
kinds of risks much the same way that GNMAs, or CMOs, or other deriviative
fixed income assets do. In fact, it's a very good business reason for doing
this, and so it probably will happen in the long run.
Once again, anonymity (of a sort) is cheaper than identity.
By the way, the trustee doesn't have to be large, only reputable.
If Moore's Law allows it, I anticipate markets in which the trustees could
become very small indeed, and would actually form syndicates with lots of
entities to handle what would now be considered routinely small
transactions, like lunch. :-). This the "personal" digital bearer bond that
I abuse so much as a replacement for credit cards when I explain this stuff
to people who are starting to learn about it. :-).
Hal's discussion about lending principal and borrowing from the same pool
at the same time reminds me of a scheme I've heard for hedging against the
eventual day when the US government repudiates its debt. If you feel
morally obliged to kick in your share, anyway. The idea is, hold your
calculated share of the national debt in US Treasuries (with interest
reinvestment, of course :-)), and, when the fateful day comes, you'll owe
the "money", now zero, to yourself, just like Roosevelt said. Actually, if
the government is moral and starts to repay the debt, you can hold
treasuries and redeem them to pay the debt-repayment surtax. Of course, you
could make better money elsewhere, but there is a certain, um, fireside,
symmetry about it.
At this stage, however, I'm a confirmed pyrophobe, Fed-wise.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-13 09:47:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
Hettinga's paraphrase of Gilmore's Law:
"A geodesic economy sees monopoly as damage and routes around it."
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-13 09:48:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PaleoAnthro: Mail List Life Cycle 
X-Authentication-Warning: list.srv.cis.pitt.edu: majordom set sender to
owner-paleoanthro using -f
X-Sender: mattf
Sender: owner-paleoanthro
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: PaleoAnthro
Hey All,
Dug this up from another list that I've been on for a few years now.
Thought it might be of interest.
 THE NATURAL LIFE CYCLE OF MAILING LISTS
 Every list seems to go through the same cycle:
 1.  Initial enthusiasm (people introduce themselves, and gush alot about
     how wonderful it is to find kindred souls).
 2.  Evangelism (people moan about how few folks are posting to the list,
     and brainstorm recruitment strategies).
 3.  Growth (more and more people join, more and more lengthy threads
     develop, occasional off-topic threads pop up).
 4.  Community (lots of threads, some more relevant than others; lots of
     information and advice is exchanged; experts help other experts as
     well as less experienced colleagues; friendships develop; people tease
     each other; newcomers are welcomed with generosity and patience;
     everyone -- newbie and expert alike -- feels comfortable asking
     questions, suggesting answers, and sharing opinions).
 5.  Discomfort with diversity (the number of messages increases
     dramatically; not every thread is fascinating to every reader; people
     start complaining about the signal-to-noise ratio; person 1 threatens
     to quit if *other* people don't limit discussion to person 1's pet
     topic; person 2 agrees with person 1; person 3 tells 1 & 2 to lighten
     up; more bandwidth is wasted complaining about off-topic threads than
     is used for the threads themselves; everyone gets annoyed).
 6a. Smug complacency and stagnation (the purists flame everyone who asks
     an 'old' question or responds with humor to a serious post; newbies
     are rebuffed; traffic drops to a doze-producing level of a few minor
     issues; all interesting discussions happen by private email and are
     limited to a few participants; the purists spend lots of time
     self-righteously congratulating each other on keeping off-topic
     threads off the list).
 OR
 6b. Maturity (a few people quit in a huff; the rest of the participants
     stay near stage 4, with stage 5 popping up briefly every few weeks;
     many people wear out their second or third 'delete' key, but the list
     lives contentedly ever after)
Robert Warner
I speak but for myself,....
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-13 09:49:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: A Rumor and Reputation Paradox... 
Here's something from cyberia which talks about the persistence of
anti-reputation memes even in the presence of perfectly contradictory
We've all heard about apocryphal stories, the $50 Corvette and the like,
but here's a case which has financial reprocussions. It reminds me of the
"satanism" claims about the Procter and Gamble moon and stars corporate
symbol a while back.
My first attempt at tackling this would be some kind of distributed
reputation system, but it seems to me that if someone I trusted said
something bad about Mr. Hilfinger, in the absence of any other respectable
data, I would believe them. I guess that means the need for reputation
"rental", like what financial intermediaries do, and also what we now call
journalism, will increase, not deminish, in geodesic markets.
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
To anyone who actually believes this bit of 18th century enlightenment
mythology, I would recommend the article "Dirty Linen: Why are they saying
all those mean things about Tommy Hilfiger?" by Lakshmi Gopalkrishnan in
the current edition of Slate
(  In essence, the
article documents a number of vicious rumours which have been spread on the
internet about the clothing designer Tommy Hilfiger and allegedly racist
comments that he made on the Ophrah Winfrey show.
Not withstanding the fact that 1) Mr. Hilfiger never appeared on the
Winfrey show and never made the statements in question, and 2) Hilfiger Co.
has engaged in an online P.R. campaign to counter these rumours, they are
persistent and widespread.
According to the article:
BEGIN QUOTE
        A spotty paraphrase of the allegations appeared in a Nov. 13, 1996,
article in the Philippine newspaper Isyu. Titled "Eat Your Clothes, Mr.
Racist Designer," the piece has been excerpted on the Official Philippine
Anti-Tommy Hilfiger site. The writer tiptoes around the charges, but is
markedly less tentative when expressing her outrage. "I am shocked," she
fulminates. "If [Hilfiger] really did insult my people, you can bet I will
do every single thing I can in my power to make sure that his label never
makes it here."
       Forums ranging from soc.culture.african.american to talk.rumors and
Streetsound have been thick with anti-Tommy talk of late. When rumors of
the designer's alleged racist outbursts filtered into the mainstream media,
they were debunked by Time magazine, USA Today, and the Washington Post.
But that didn't stem angry calls for a boycott of his products. Nor did the
official response of the Hilfiger Corp. Claiming to have become aware of
the brouhaha only recently, the company has posted a memo on various
anti-Tommy sites detailing the "simple and incontrovertible facts":
Hilfiger has never been on Oprah. Hilfiger has never been on Style. Far
from wanting to limit his appeal, Hilfiger is on record about wanting to
cross ethnic lines to appeal to everyone everywhere.
In theory, the Web should be as good at eradicating legends as it is at
cultivating them, but in practice, denials are quickly buried by new
messages and updates. A week ago, Hilfiger's official response clogged
newsgroup indexes. Today, it has been swamped by even newer anti-Tommy
postings and returning favorites.
END QUOTE
Lest you think that such rumours are just a minor irritant and part of
doing business, consider that, according to the article, "In the late
1980s, purported connections with the Ku Klux Klan so damaged the
reputation of athletic-wear
manufacturer Troop (whose name was rumored to be a Ku Klux Klan acronym for
"To Rule Over Oppressed People") that it was forced into bankruptcy."
So here we have vicious rumours being spread about a company with millions
of public relations dollars at its disposal, and it is helpless in the face
of a rumour that has not one grain of truth to it.
After reading this account, how could anyone seriously argue beleive
individuals such as the hapless Mr. Zeran have the slightest ability to
counter defamation with "more speech" over the internet?  (Note that Mr.
Zeran did not even have an internet account!)
Larry Kolodney
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-13 19:32:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Monopoly as damage... 
Utterly inaccurate. We don't have a geodesic economy. Yet. :-).
There is very little evidence for "geodesic economies", in general.
"Geodesic markets", like "Crypto Anarchy", or the "Information
Superhighway", is just a handy hypothetical folks people made up for
entertainment some boring afternoon. :-).
As to whether Wintel (not now, but soon) and Cisco (probably not ever) are
monopolies, and as to whether that will matter, I'll leave that as an
exercise for the reader.
No, Virginia, I don't believe in path dependence, either. Monoculture,
however, happens every once in a while, particularly in markets mapped to
industrial communications hierarchies. BillG is probably the last tycoon,
in that regard.
Seeing as there no models for things like "Crypto Anarchy", or "Geodesic
Markets", which have no data yet to model, the above comment is
tautologous. Doesn't seem to stop either one of us from making
prognostications about them, however...
"Market controls, including monopolistic practices, aren't even rent-a-cops
in a geodesic marketplace."
Whatever *that* means.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-13 20:09:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Patent Giveaway Bill - House vote could be week of April 14th 
Got this one off one of my favorite um, hydrophobic, right-wing lists.
Actually, I *like* the idea of adopting the Japanese model, a patent system
which was designed from the gitgo to strip technology from the original
patentholders and accellerate its transfer to people who could implement it
Evolution in action, and all that. Of course, I expect that, geodesic markets  will reward people who come up with new stuff --
and not people who control old stuff -- by exponentially depreciating old
information as fast as it's created.
"Piracy" being the most efficient form of information transfer on a
ubiquitous network, and, with so-called watermarking, cryptolopes, etc.,
only being able to tell you who your copy was "pirated" from, the first
copy of anything will be auctioned off dear, and subsequent copies will be
sold dear in radiating secondary markets. Jason Cronk just wrote a paper on
this, based on his rump-session talk at FC97. I don't have the URL handy,
but his email address is .
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Resent-Date: Sun, 13 Apr 1997 15:12:56 -0500 (EST)
X-Authentication-Warning: NS1.Content.Net: byxbe set sender to
rightnow-request using -f
X-Sender: eagle (Unverified)
Resent-From: rightnow
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/116
X-Loop: rightnow
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: rightnow-request
                 PATENT GIVEAWAY BILL
         House vote could be week of April 14th
April 11, 1997
 Phone or fax your Congressman (202) 225-3121 and urge
 him to vote NO on H.R. 400, which is misnamed the Patent
 Improvement Act but should be called the Patent Giveaway
 bill or the Ron Brown Sellout Legacy. This bill would
 write into law Ron Brown's Commerce Department news
 release of August 16, 1994, which promised the Japanese
 that we will change our patent law to acquiesce in the
 demands made by the Japan Patent Association in its
 written statement of September 1993 (which called our
 patent system "unsatisfactory" and demanded changes).
 That statement is impudent and insulting to Americans.
 H.R. 400 would transform the U.S. Patent Office into a
 private corporation that could accept bribes for the
 issuing of patents. Of course, the bill doesn't use the
 nasty word bribes; it just says that the Patent Office
 "may accept monetary gifts or donations of services, or
 of real, personal, or mixed property, in order to carry
 out the functions of the Office." With all the recent
 scandals about Asian money used to influence U.S.
 policy, this would be a terrible mistake.
 The entire text of H.R. 400 is a sellout to the Japanese
 demands. This bill would order all patent applications
 to be made public 18 months after the application is
 filed, whether or not the inventor has yet been granted
 a patent. This dramatic change from our traditional
 treatment of patents would be a grievous injustice to
 the individual inventor because it would allow
 foreigners and multinationals to use their enormous
 resources to steal the inventor's idea and beat him into
 production.
 H.R. 400 would loosen up the "reexamination" of U.S.
 patents already issued and allow foreign and domestic
 corporations to participate in the process after paying
 a "reexamination fee." H.R. 400 even specifies that the
 board of directors of the new private patent office
 shall include persons "with substantial background and
 achievement in corporate finance and management." That
 puts the multinationals in the driver's seat to ride
 roughshod over the rights of individual inventors.
 Instead of ratifying the Ron Brown sellout deal,
 Congress should stand up for one of our most important
 constitutional rights - the right of inventors to have,
 for limited times, "the exclusive right to their . . .
 discoveries." This unique provision in the U.S.
 Constitution (Article 1, Section 8) marked a profound
 turning point in world history; it started the marvelous
 series of American inventions that have raised our
 standard of living and built America into an industrial
 super power.
 H.R. 400 invites Asian money to diminish a precious
 American constitutional right. It is a scandal that
 Congress cannot afford to be involved in. Vote NO on
 H.R. 400.
See our sample letter to Congress:
                           EAGLE FORUM
                            PO Box 618
                         Alton, IL  62002
                     Phone: 618-462-5415
                         Fax: 618-462-8909
                  Are you on our E-mail list?
           Just send us an e-mail message with
              SUBSCRIBE in the subject line!
                     Tell a friend about us!
              URL:             E-mail:  eagle
To unsubscribe from this mailing list, DISREGARD ANY INSTRUCTIONS ABOVE and
go to the Web page at   New
subscriptions can also be entered at this page.  If you cannot access the
World Wide Web, send an e-mail message to RightNow-Request and
on the SUBJECT LINE put the single word: unsubscribe
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-15 16:36:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Online Banking: "MoneyClip" 
X-Sender: oldbear
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: The Old Bear MONEYCLIP DOES ONLINE BANKING
A group of companies has developed a device that turns
almost any PC into an automatic teller machine.  The
MoneyClip, which is a diskette that incorporates a
smart card and access software, enables users "to
perform virtually any ATM transaction from the comfort
of their homes," says the CEO of the Home Financial
Network, one of the four developers.
In order to use the MoneyClip, a PC has to already be
loaded with online banking software and the owner has
to have an account at a bank that offers online
source: Tampa Tribune
        April 14, 1997
To unsubscribe from the dcsb list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-16 20:24:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NEW: fpi - Freedom Press International 
Reply-To:     Freedom Press Sender:       NEW-LIST - New List Announcements fpi on majordomo   Freedom Press
FREEDOM PRESS is the world's oldest anarchist publishing group (founded in
1886). We have therefore an extensive and growing archive of material.
Further information about us will be incorporated into messages on the
Messages on the list come from FREEDOM PRESS and will consist of extracts
from our publications with an emphasis on news. You should expect to
receive in the region of 2 or 3 messages per month.
To subscribe to fpi, send the following command:
subscribe fpi
to  majordomo
Owner:  Freedom Press  freedom
                                 -------
Use this information at your own risk.  For more information and disclaimer
send E-mail to LISTSERV with the command  INFO NEW-LIST
in the body.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-17 07:31:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NIST Joins CommerceNet... 
Don't you just love sunshine laws?
Notice they effectively call CommerceNet "the only" "consortium which
develops and maintains an Internet-based infrastructure for electronic
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
[Commerce Business Daily: Posted April 15, 1997]
PART: U.S. GOVERNMENT PROCUREMENTS
SUBPART: SERVICES
CLASSCOD: D--Information Technology Services, including Telecommunication
  Services
OFFADD: National Institute of Standards & Technology, Acquisition
  & Assistance Div., Bldg. 301, Rm B117, Gaithersburg, MD 20899
SUBJECT: D--MEMBERSHIP IN A CONSORTIUM WHOSE MISSION IS TO CONDUCT
  GROWTH IN INTERNET-BASED ELECTRONIC COMMERCE.
SOL 53SBNB760110
DUE 043097
POC Trena N. Bercaw (301) 975-6324// Fax (301) 963-7732
DESC: The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST)
  has a requirement to become a member of an existing consortium
  which develops and maintains an Internet-based infrastructure
  for electronic commerce. NIST requires interaction between
  industry leaders, in the research and development of a next
  generation infrastructure for electronic commerce. The consortium
  shall be able to accelerate Internet-based electronic commerce
  by identifying and working to resolve key industry issues,
  providing a global, multi-industry forum for collaboration,
  and serving as an advocate through public policy and education.
  This membership shall be for a period of one (1) year. It is
  the intent of the Government to negotiate with CommerceNet,
  of Palo Alto, California, under 41 U.S.C. 253 (c)(1), as the
  only responsible source able to fulfil the requirement of this
  agency. No solicitation package is available. Inquiries may
  be faxed to (301) 963-7732. See Numbered Note 22 and 26.
LINKURL: LINKDESC: NIST Contracts Homepage
EMAILADD: Contract
EMAILDESC: NIST Contracts Office
CITE: (W-105 SN062439)
All rights reserved.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-19 06:29:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Social Security Public Forums 
MMDF-Warning:  Parse error in original version of preceding line at
MMDF-Warning:  Parse error in original version of preceding line at
Sender: members-owner
Precedence: bulk
This message was addressed to:  members
     Fellow Commercenet Members:
     I wanted to make you and your companies aware of an important series
     of six National Forums that the Social Security Administration will be
     conducting throughout the country beginning May 5 through the week of
     June 9, in which SSA will seek public input and expert advice about
     the appropriate customer authentication and privacy safeguards needed
     to support SSA's Internet transaction services and ensure public
     trust.
     The forums are in response to the media and public concerns raised
     about our test of Interactive PEBES, which allowed individuals to
     request a Personal Earnings and Benefit Estimate Statement from SSA
     online and receive the response online, rather than via the mail,
     after providing five knowledge-based customer authenticating elements.
     The initial concerns were centered about the use of the five elements,
     but media attention soon extended to a range of intermingled Internet
     and security concerns.  As a result, we suspended the test and
     announced a 60-day period of expert and public input on this important
     public policy issue.
     We invite interested CommerceNet members to consider participating in
     the forums and offering your expert opinion to the government.  I'm
     including current information about the forums, and expect to have
     more details shortly.  I'll be contacting members I know who have
     expressed interest in providing input, but would welcome hearing from
     other companies who would like to participate in informed public
     discussion and public education.
     John Sabo
     Social Security Administration
     ---------------------------------------------------------------------
Social Security
National Forum on Internet Services -- Backgrounder
We are seeking expert opinion regarding a major public policy issue facing the
Social Security Administration: the appropriate privacy, system security and
other safeguards necessary for SSA to provide transaction services on the
Internet with strong public confidence.
You may be aware that, in response to public concerns raised about our test of
the Interactive Personal Earnings and Benefit Estimate Statement (Interactive
PEBES) service on the Internet, SSA suspended the test and announced that we
would seek public input on the design of the system, particularly with respect
to the authentication and privacy policies and system safeguards necessary to
ensure public confidence in Interactive PEBES and in future Internet services
planned by SSA.
To do this, we have scheduled a series of public forums in Hartford (May
5), Des
 Moines (week of May 12), Atlanta (week of May 19), San Jose (week of May 26),
Austin (week of June 2), and Washington D.C. (week of June 9).  We also
plan to
schedule an Internet Town Meeting on our Website, The forums will address important national issues which reach far beyond our
test of the Interactive PEBES.  The safeguarding of individual privacy -- as
technology removes barriers to accessing confidential information -- and the
public's understanding of and trust in using the Internet both for secure,
confidential government services and business and financial services are the
core critical issues.  That is why your input is so important.
We are now identifying interested individuals and organizations who wish to
participate on panels at each of the six public forum locations.  Although we
are unable to provide compensation for your participation, we also invite
comments in writing or via email if you cannot attend a forum in person.
We envision three 1 1/4 -hour panels of  5 people expert in these broad areas:
Privacy, Systems Security and  the Business/Financial Internet community.
will also be open sessions where members of the public may register to speak.
However you or your company may choose to participate,  I urge you to consider
offering us your thoughtful input into this important national discussion.

@_date: 1997-04-23 16:59:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Texas declares war... 
I love April 19th.
Patriot's Day, indeed...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"...Wells Fargo's on-line banking sucks dead gerbils
through a dirty garden hose." -- Eric Murray
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-25 11:12:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Deloitte-Touche: Fraud and the Net 
X-Sender: oldbear
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: The Old Bear FRAUD AND THE NET
A Deloitte & Touche report commissioned by the European Union
says that cross-border fraud involving Internet abuse, banking
and investment frauds, and smuggling is costing society
$77 billion a year.  The report suggests that perhaps the
largest single threat comes from fraud through the Internet,
because encryption technology remains vulnerable to
sophisticated computer vandals.
source: Financial Times
        April 24, 1997
Anyone have a pointer to the full report or a more detailed
To unsubscribe from the dcsb list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"...Wells Fargo's on-line banking sucks dead gerbils
through a dirty garden hose." -- Eric Murray
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-28 10:04:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Time for a Financial Cryptography "IdeaLab"? 
Last week, a close friend handed me a February issue of Inc. magazine, the
one with an article in it about Bill Gross and his IdeaLab project in
Pasadena. Since then, I haven't been able to get Yet Another Idea out of my
Gross, a veteran entrepreneur with quite a few successful software startups
to his name, has set up a company which uses an investment pool to create
and spin off a rapid succession of small internet startups, using a sort of
"internet startup in a box" approach, all built around a common core of
financial, legal, and marketing people. The idea is to free an entrepreneur
to concentrate on designing, building, and selling the startup's product,
in this case, some kind of internet software or service. IdeaLab takes a
minority equity position in return for its money.
A Boston company which has been doing something like this, only on an
internal basis, is Thermo-Electron Corporation, who has made much more
money spinning off new companies than it ever could as a stand-alone
industrial enterprise.
IdeaLab thinks that it can have this kind of approach with internet
startups above all others because everything on the net happens so fast and
the cost of entry is so small that there are actual diseconomies of scale.
Moore's Law in a geodesic market as capital surfactant, in other words. :-).
Anyway, you can read more about all this, and IdeaLab itself, in the Inc.
Magazine archives: .
So, after a couple of years of sitting on the sidelines and cheering people
on (I've had a bunch of fun, but my tax return for last year was a miracle
of financial brevity :-)), of second-guessing the market and being right
more often than I'd care to think about, I've decided to get into the game
and play a bit myself, and see what happens.
What I propose to do is to create a Boston-based copy of the IdeaLab
concept, focusing on financial cryptography, and, in particular,
peer-to-peer internet transaction settlement: internet checking, digital
bearer certificate technology for cash and securities, micromoney
"mitochondria", that kind of stuff.
To do this, I want to collect a core group of financial, legal, and
marketing/promotion folks who would work for the lab company itself, and in
support of the startup firms it creates, until those firms earn enough
money to hire their own people for those jobs. So, I need people in those
disciplines who're not only familiar with the net, but also the idea of
geodesic markets, and of  financial cryptography, but, more important,
people who have participated in founding as many startup companies as
possible. Finding those people may be hard, but I think they're out there.
More important than that, I'm looking for a small initial group of "angel"
shareholders who not only invest in the first round of funding for the lab,
but can work as advisors to these usually very young technological
pioneers, and teach them to think in profit-and-loss terms. Over time, I'd
like to populate the advisor pool with successful graduates of the lab.
The first round of "angel" funding will be to get the lab started and start
the first few companies in areas where I think things are going to pop in
the transaction settlement market shortly. A second round would be big
enough to get participation from the institutional investment community,
but the capitalization of the entire project won't be huge. IdeaLab was
started with $5 million, for example. Right now, I think $10 million would
be the most I could ask for with a straight face for the whole effort. :-)
I'll leave dreamy discussions of some hypothetical hockey-stick investment
return curve for the prospectus, where it belongs. ;-).
I'm at the utter ground floor on this at the moment. No business plan, just
what I think is a pretty good idea.
So, I need all the help I can get. If you've any ideas, particularly if
you've worked on any of the components I need to make this work, I'd love
to hear from you.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-28 10:10:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DigiCash appoints CEO and... 
Reply-To: andreas
Precedence: bulk
This message was addressed to:  e-payments
DIGICASH APPOINTS CEO, INCREASES OUTSIDE INVESTMENT, AND MOVES
HEADQUARTERS TO CALIFORNIA
MENLO PARK, CA (April 28, 1997) -- DigiCash Inc, a leader and pioneer in
smart card technology and secure and private Internet payments software,
today announced the appointment of Michael Nash as chief executive
officer (CEO) of its worldwide operations.
DigiCash founder, Dr. David Chaum, also announced significant
additional investment that will fuel the company's growth.
Nash will join Dr. Chaum, Nicholas Negroponte, and new investor David
Marquardt of August Capital, on an expanded board that adds new
resources and depth of industry experience to DigiCash.  His primary
mission will be to add business and marketing excellence to the world
class cryptographic expertise and technology that has enabled
development of such cutting edge products as ecash(tm) and OEM smart card
systems, for which DigiCash is recognized throughout the banking and
financial services industry.
"Mike brings a new dimension to DigiCash with his background in the
business of electronic payments and his international marketing
experience with Visa, American Express and the SmartCard Group at
Amdahl," said Dr. Chaum.  "The partnership that we form will take this
company a great step forward and help us grow into a significant force
in the business of electronic commerce."
Nash, who conceived and developed VisaCash, a smart card-based, stored
value payment system, will create an international sales and marketing
strategy for smart cards and ecash(tm), the unique Internet payment system
which offers both security and privacy.
DigiCash is already providing ecash(tm) systems to Deutsche Bank in
Germany, Bank Austria, Advance Bank in Australia, Den norske Bank of
Norway and the Nomura Research Institute in Japan, as well as other
leading banks.
Further expansion in North America, where the company is newly
headquartered, will be a major focus for the new CEO.  Another reason
for the move is to facilitate alliances with firms in the Silicon Valley
area that are pioneering commerce on the Internet.
"Ecash(tm) is at the forefront of a revolution in the way the world does
business," said Nash.  "DigiCash technology offers the security and
privacy that is inherent in traditional bearer instruments such as coins
and bank notes, but with the flexibility and power of the Internet.
This is a great opportunity to shape the new way commerce will be done."
DigiCash interim Chairman Nicholas Negroponte, author of Being Digital,
head of the MIT Media Lab and a member of the Motorola Inc. board is
quoted as saying, "Ecash(tm) is the most exciting thing I've seen in 20
years."  Negroponte is also a general partner of Applied Technology
Investors, one of the firms that is backing DigiCash.
Newly appointed director David Marquardt, General Partner at August
Capital, and previously Technology Ventures Inc. (TVI) was an early
investor in Intuit, Sun Microsystems and Verifone.  He also was the sole
venture investor in Microsoft where he currently serves on their board
of investors.  He too is excited by the possibilities of the technology
that lies at the heart of DigiCash Products, saying, "This is the type
of basic infrastructure that will be essential for the commercial growth
of electronic payments on the Internet."
The target market for ecash(tm) is enormous.  There are more than 20,000
banks and over 10 million retailers around the world that are potential
customers for ecash(tm) transactions, and more than a billion consumers who
want the security, privacy and convenience of electronic coins and
banknotes.  Nash, who has already taken up his appointment with
DigiCash, sees this entire market as an opportunity for his company.  As
well as targeting additional leading banks and other customers in North
America and the Pacific Rim, he has a stated goal of establishing
relationships with leading banks in the G7 nations, a goal which is
already more than half accomplished.
About DigiCash
DigiCash is a private venture capital backed corporation with
headquarters in the United States and offices in The Netherlands,
Australia and Singapore.  Founded by Dr. David Chaum, a luminary in the
field of cryptography and electronic cash technology, the company creates
and markets the most sophisticated software in the world for smart cards
and secure, private Internet payment transactions.
 - end -
EDITORS NOTE: More information on DigiCash and biographies of Michael
Nash and Dr. David Chaum are available from LVA or by accessing the
DigiCash Website at DigiCash and ecash are trademarks of DigiCash and should always be
referred to as such.  All other trademarks are the property of their owners.
Contact details:
Netherlands				United States
DigiCash bv				LVA
Toby Chaum				Ian Cheeseman
Ph:		+31 20 665 2611		Ph:		+1 860 739 5598
Fax:		+31 20 665 1126		Fax:		+1 860 691 0353
email:  	press	email: 	icheeseman
Australia:				LVA UK
DigiCash Pty Ltd			Mike Hardwidge
Andreas Furche				Ph:		+44 181 994 6762
Ph:		+61 2 9375 2316		Fax:		+44 181 995 3050
Fax: 		+61 2 9375 2121		email: 	101765.1155
email: andreas
Andreas Furche					Level 29 The Chifley Tower
Managing Director				2 Chifley Square
DigiCash Pty. Ltd.				Sydney 2000, Australia
e-mail: andreas			ph  +61 2 9375 2316
mobile (0419) 385 569 (NEW number!)		fax +61 2 9375 2121

@_date: 1997-04-29 08:21:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Chaum steps down as CEO of Digicash 
Again, financial privacy is like flight. To the people who invented it,
flight was an inherent good. People died trying to create it. However, the
thing which made flight commonplace was commerce. Flying is not only the
fastest way for people and other important things to get somewhere, but,
over great distances, it is simply the cheapest way for people to travel.
People don't purchase "wow, we can fly". They purchase economy seats to
Cleveland. :-).
The same thing with financial cryptography, and, by extension, strong
cryptography in general. What will sell financial cryptography is not
financial privacy per se. What will sell financial cryptography is the fact
that digital bearer certificate protocols will prove, by virtue of their
very *anonymity*, to be many orders of magnitude cheaper to use than any
internet transaction method of equal security. Or any transaction method at
all, for that matter. Including, of course, the book-entry transaction
settlement methods (like checks, credit cards, securities clearinghouses,
interbank settlement) we use today.
It is under *that* proposition alone, the potential for radical cost
reduction in *all* transaction settlement processes -- and the prospect for
radical economic transformation that that brings -- that the blind
signature patent should be marketed and licensed.
Notice I said "licensed".
Cryptographers -- and that is who Digicash is, nothing else, no matter how
hard they try to be otherwise -- should invent, license, and validate the
use of cryptographic protocols. And, clearly, there is no better financial
cryptographer in the world than David Chaum, the man who created, from
whole cloth, everything we consider to be modern financial cryptography.
Digicash should not try to be a financial trustee, or a certificate
underwriter, or even a software developer. All three things Digicash, BV,
has tried to be in its many previous incarnations. Now, it appears,
Digicash, Inc., is going to try to become the internet equivalent of a
credit card association. However, once you understand what Digicash's
strengths really are, you can see why this current strategy is just the
next progression in, I'm sorry to say, the fool's market that Digicash,
Inc., has become in terms of investment return.
So, you can understand how, sometimes, I'm very much afraid we'll have to
wait until this round of funding is burned through -- say 3 to 5 years --
before we see any progress in the market for digital bearer certificates.
And, if Digicash keeps finding a "greater fool" when the money runs out,
we'll end up waiting until 2007, the expiration date on the blind signature
patent, in order for anything to happen at all.
Yet, most of rest of the time, however, I'm not so pessimistic. I'm
convinced that if Digicash starts non-exclusive licensing of the blind
signature patent, and the other relevant Chaum patents it now controls,
even as an experiment, I expect that they would very soon find that their
profit margins on those licenses would dwarf the profits on all their other
projects.  Maybe then they'll realize they should stop trying to be
something else, and be what they what they have been all along: the very
best financial cryptographers in the world.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-29 12:36:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
I certainly wasn't ignoring these guys. I suppose if you're going to be
issuing certificates in, holding the money in trust for, or even writing
commercial software for some kind of digital bearer certificate market, it
would probably be a good idea not to fight off lawsuits all the time from
the acknowleged patent holder, whether or not they're justified.
Of course there's the counterexample in aviation of Curtiss, who fought off
the Wright brothers for years to great effect, after fairly outright patent
I really didn't understand this myself until maybe two years ago, when I
applied the physical bearer certificate model to a hypothetical market for
digital bearer certificates. The whole problem crystallizes when you look
at it that way. In that context, Digicash is more like the Crane paper
company, or better, the folks who invent the doodlers and stuff to make
very complex intaglio printing possible, not even the press manufacturer.
Certainly very necessary technology, in fact the defining technology, but
not quite sufficient by itself to create a market. ;-).
Oddly enough, it's quite possible to have perfectly pseudonymous digital
bearer certificate markets where the protocol inventor is fairly
compensated for inventing the protocol. The key is to use the trustee as
the policeman of the market, the place where the meter "clicks". Since the
exchange of certificates into other kinds of money (be it other
certificates, book-entries, or commodities of some kind) must go through
the trustee at some point, the trustee can, as part of the trust agreement
with the holders of the certificates, give some share of transaction fee or
interest income to the protocol designer, in addition to what is paid to
the underwriter. The trustee is renting their reputation to the transaction
process anyway, so it is the best entity to increment the meter fairly on
the designer's behalf.
Look, Ma, no nation-state!
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-04-29 16:36:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
Indeed, which is my point. If the patent lawyers are arguing, life is hard
for anyone trying to make  money with the technology the patents allegedly
Kind of like those "SLAPP" suits companies like to throw at "activists".
Remember PRZ? Same shit, different day. Economically, anyway.
See above. :-).
Say amen, somebody. I personally think software patents are useless in the
long run, but they're still bad for business in the meantime. In which
meantime, until we can nonrepudiably pay people who invent financial crypto
protocols without the intervention of the nation-state, we need to live
with said patents.
There are lots of other "desired" transactions for digital bearer
certificates besides digital cash for black markets. Everything from
"collectables" (no accounting for taste, I suppose), to any current
financial instrument (and a few we haven't dreamed up yet), to micromoney
for those micromoney "mitochondria" I rant so much about. All of them will
be extremely economical because they're untraceable and still negotiable.
Nonrepudiable without the "assistance" of a nation-state.
Remember, proto-wings were evolved by pond-skimming insects so they could
skim across ponds faster. Eventually, when those proto-wings evolved into
actual wings, flying insects didn't need ponds anymore. With that idea in
mind, digital bearer certificates are going to have to interface with the
book entry world of meatspace for a while, in order to be convertable into
other assets. Eventually, at some point, those assets won't be book-entries
 > I know which side I'm on, but I'm not sure which side Bob
is on. Bob just wants to make a buck. Something you don't have to worry about any
more about, anymore, Tim.
The point is, if it makes money it'll happen. If it doesn't make money, it
won't. Reality is not optional. Nation states are so powerful, requiring
the invention of strong cryptography to save us from their totalarian
excressance, because they can take our money at gunpoint. The reason they
can is because money can be traced, either in physical form, or lately, in
electronic book-entry form. The reason it can be traced is because our
economic system physically requires a nation state to enforce any
repudiation of its transaction protocols.  To punish fraud, in other words.
Financial cryptography saves us from the nation state not just because it
hides information about ourselves, but because it out-competes the old book
entry transaction system, especially in terms of non-repudiation. It
outcompetes the old system on it's own turf. Which means, of course, in
banks. "Hoity-toity" or otherwise.
Think about it this way. Personal computers didn't really start to kill
mainframes until they were networked into mainframes and could hoover data
out of them with impunity, and out-process the information. Excel killed
123 that much quicker because it could read .WK1 files transparently,
macros and all, and then do much more with it. Soon, this upcoming
"protocol conversion", between the net world of bearer certificates and the
meatspace world of book-entries, will be done by a financial trustee.
A trustee which will be, for all intents an purposes, and certainly in the
earlest stages of a digital bearer certificate infrastructure, a bank. The
hoity-toitier, the better, because they have the best reputation to rent to
transactions on the net. So, that means avoiding unpleasantneess, like
"cutting out" transactions on the net from a bank's shareholders by having
a bunch of separate entities, underwriters in other words, marketing and
validating the actual certificate transactions. That keeps Mrs. Grundy from
standing up in the bank's boardroom one afternoon and cancelling all the
net.porno operators' accounts, because they don't have accounts in the
bank. The underwriters do, and they underwrite certificates for thousands
of customers apiece, customers the underwriters don't even have know,
because the trustee is blindly passing those ATM and wire transactions to
the right banking correspondents on those networks, who in turn validate
their customers against their account base.
Anyway, getting back to the point, "avoiding unpleasantness" also means not
having patent lawyers sue those very essential "hoity-toity" trustee banks
for rediculous reasons, like patent infringement, actual or not.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-02 05:11:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
^^^^ Freudian slip? Consider yourself yet another victim of this philosophy major's penchant
for WFFy reason-by-analogizing (Wow. Almost as good as jya there...
Glad to oblige...
Nah. I want to have real money backing it up. Any attempt to make money
less negotiable reduces its usefulness. Remember the Soviet Ruble? An
extreme example in the opposite direction, surely, but you get the idea.
Yup. Remember, it was Rich Lethin and I who set up ecm which
was a market where those digital cash certificate could be exchanged for
cash. Lucky Green sold the first ones, and Mark Grant(?) even put up a web
page to simplify things, using the list as a "tickertape" to announce
All of which actually proves my point. Because the market actually *did*
route around the lack of exchangeability. It's much better, of course, to
build exchangeability into a digital bearer certificate market from the
outset. Money's supposed to be negotiable, after all. :-).
What we have here is more a question of a business model rather than a
problem with cryptographic protocol.
Right. That's why you have a separate trustee holding the reserve capital.
Again, it's using the right business model, and not necessarily
cryptography, which makes a market happen. Blind signatures and hash
collisions are necessary, but not sufficient, for the market to exist.
Anyway, in the first stages, I claim a trustee should be an actual, real,
um, "hoity-toity", bank. In the same way that SET and Cybercash and ATM
machines "blind" their transactions through the host bank onto a settlement
network to the customer's own bank, there can be sufficient blinding of the
transaction through the trustee so that the only thing the trustee sees is
a confirmation to pay and a settlement wire from the cash purchaser's bank.
Of course, at some point, the trustee can just hold other bearer
certificates instead of keeping the issuer's reserves in book-entry assets.
When there are other bearer certificates to hold, anyway...
How you issue those certificates mechanically is not nearly as important as
the fact that you *can* issue them uniquely. Ideas like hashcash and
micromint work real well for very small transactions, for example,
precisely because of the cost to generate the first one in the series,
which forces you to print a whole bunch of subsequent ones to pay for the
computational resources you've used. However, once again, um, no offense,
what cryptographic protocol you use to generate the certificate is the
functional equivalent of  doodling, the process which
makes those complex graphic fills on paper currency which were designed to
moire up any attempt to photoengrave a certificate copy.  The
point is, you need cryptography for a digital bearer certificate market,
but it's not sufficient to create that market.
Exactly. For instance, (hint, hint) if someone were to build
Eudora/Netscape/Quicken plugins for FSTC electronic checks, and a
plug-and-play deposit server for banks to receive them and convert them
into ACH transactions, who says you need the ACH system to settle the
checks anymore? All the different bank servers could just clear against
themselves on the net at some point, cutting their ACH fees out completely.
Actually, I think there is no such thing as finance without reputation.
:-). I'd be very interested to see how you can prove otherwise...
Nah. Reality is not optional. :-). Ask all the former 30xx COBOL-jocks out
Remember, crime is orthogonal to technology. Bank robbery (these days,
anyway) is an artifact of automobile and firearm technology. The other uses
for automobiles are  cetacean in comparison to the krill
of "automobile crimes" like bank robbery . Firearms,
unfortunately, are in the same boat. Like nuclear power, we have bans on
guns because we can "afford" to have them. People don't hunt for food
anymore. I think that's why heavily populated countries have fewer guns.
You don't need them to eat, and even if you did, you'd starve, because all
the food was hunted out long ago...
BTW, it seems to me that hoplophobia, like innumeracy, is practically a
luxury. At least until  the state shows up at your door in
black pajamas and asks you to put on some orange ones of your own for this
cool sleepover they're having a few miles out of town .
I, for one, think the whole concept of "path dependency" is bunk, but let's
not clog the list with discussions of roman wheel ruts, QWERTY keyboards,
and the devine right of Windows...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-02 05:14:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: House subcom. passes crypto bill, USDoJ letter to panel 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Ah. Capitalism is now a crime.
Funny how that's not surprising, coming from a government whose
rose-colored lenin-glasses have redfiltered the American flag out of
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-02 05:08:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Why I delete cc;s to other mailing lists 
Just for the record, here, I should note that e$ is completely unmoderated,
though I've been sorely tempted (he said, dislocating his arm to pat
himself on the back...).
e$pam, on the other hand,  as a filter of other lists (whenever it's
running, that is... :-/), is a non-interactive, one-way channel from me to
the rest of the universe. :-). It don't say e$pam until I say it says
e$pam, in other words.  I'm just providing an opinion; letting people read
over my sholder, and all that.
So, I don't feel like I'm "censoring" anyone, in that regard.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-02 06:05:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: recypherdomicilization? 
Hoo, boy...
Make sure you get (buy?) citizenship somewhere else first, okay, Sameer? :-).
Seriously, it would be indeed a drag to have a whole bunch of
cypherpunks-without-a-country out there, no matter what we all say about
the evils of nation-states...
Anyone out there have suggestions about a domicile of choice? Vince's old
"perputual tourist" thing comes to mind, but I'm not conviced that's really
I heard someone talking about Belize at FC97. The Seychelles have come up
around here, more than once, for those with $10million to throw around...
However, I tend to agree with Tim about this whole regulatory arbitrage
stuff. Nothing keeps the law honest like good software. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-03 01:38:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: digital cc transactions, digital checks vs real digital cash 
Say no more. :-).
The model I've been talking about, with a trustee bank holding the
book-entry assets for the certificates on the net does exactly this,
without the "inconvenience" of avoiding banking regulations. :-). Occam's
Again, you can't have finance without trust. Fortunately, in cypherspace,
reputation is orthogonal to identity. No problem. You have identified
accounts for the underwriters, but you have unidentified users (once the
certificates are on the net) of the cash itself.
By definition, VISA *can't* have anonymous settlement. Modulo anonymous
secured credit accounts, with a tip of the metaphor to Duncan and Co. And,
frankly, FinCEN *itself* can't control a bearer certificate economy, and it
*knows* so. If digital bearer certificates do prove to be, say, 100 times
as efficient to use as book entries, particularly on ubiquitous geodesic
public networks, then FinCEN will be able monitor what comes on and off the
net, but will simply have to  stand back and let the net.commerce
train go by . The assistant director of FinCEN as much as
admitted this, on a panel I was on, last fall at the Institute (nee'
Office) of Technology Assessment's conference on the regulation of digital
Again, folks, this is how to win the crypto fight. Just as faster shipping
killed the idea of royal charters and mercantilism in favor of lazzez faire
capitalism, so to will financial cryptography kill book-entry control
structures and taxation.
As far as SET goes, the only feature in SET that I care about, and
Cybercash has this also, is the ability to "tunnel" transaction messages
through the merchant to the card issuer. I claim the same kind of protocol
can be used to tunnel, an ATM message, through the underwriter, and the
trustee, to the cash purchaser's home bank for authentication. That's all.
Precisely. It's an intermediate form. A profitable intermediary form, just
like those proto-wings on  those pond-skimming insects. See why the
metaphor is useful?
I'm not sure what the above means...
Right. However, this isn't like a credit card. You can almost liken an
underwriter to an ATM machine, except that it "prints" cash on the spot.
Yes, I know, the blinding takes place at the purchaser's machine, but the
certificates don't become *negotiable* until the underwriter signs them.
(That, by the way, is why you have to honor patents, because the
underwriter and the trustee, for the time being, are identified, litigable,
meatspace entities. The nice thing is, though, the users of the
certificates are *impossible* to identify.)
Anyway, the point is, modulo licensing the blind signature patent, which
Digicash should do, and probably won't (this week, anyway), being an actual
underwriter is more a question of marketing than anything else. Anyone with
a 486 (the original mint ran on one of these) and a full-time internet feed
could do it.
Takes a little more work to be a bank. Part of that work is adhering to all
that meatspace regulation, but, frankly, holding the float account is no
different from holding any other trust account. That, as they say in the
Great White North, is the beauty part. Much easier than growing a mouse in
a beer bottle, eh?
The trustee holds assets, in trust, which are used to capitalize the
digital bearer certificates issued the underwriter.
For instance, in the corporate bearer bond market, there were three people
involved in issuing the bond, besides the eventual purchaser of the bond.
There was the corporation, like IBM, or GE, or US Steel, say, which was
issuing the bond. There was the underwriter, an investment bank, in other
words, who sold the bond into the primary market, usually to brokers who in
turn sold them to their clients. There was the trustee, a bank who actually
handled the cash payments from the issuing corporation to the holders of
the bond, and technically worked on behalf of the bond holders. On the day
the interest was payable, the corporation cut a check to the trustee, who
in turn cut checks to people who mailed in the little coupons they clipped
off the bond every quarter.
In the case of a book-entry trustee, the underwriter markets digital bearer
certificates, cash in this case, to the public, in exchange for a book
entry asset, money transferred through the ATM/Swift system to the
underwriter's collateral account at the trustee bank. The money sits at the
trustee bank until someone takes that money off the net by exchanging a
digital bearer certificate for an ATM deposit transaction to the redeemer's
Now, sometime in the future, when there are other assets in bearer form on
the net besides cash, like digital bearer bonds, or digital bearer stock,
or commodities contracts, or derivatives thereof, it's easy to see how you
could create a trustee which holds *those* kinds of assets instead of
deposits on account somewhere in meatspace. In fact, I claim, because
identity and reputation are orthogonal in cypherspace, that such a trustee,
and thus, every party in the underwriting process, including the
underwriter, *and* the development of any future bearer certificate
cryptographic protocol, can be *anonymous*, that is, identity-free. Though,
of course, they'd all have to use perfect pseudonyms.
The underwriter.
The face value of the digital bearer certificate. For example, with a
traveller's check, you buy at a premium, so that the person you give the
check to can redeem them at face value, or "par", in bond language. Yes,
unless the agreement between you and the issuer, as enforced by the
trustee, specifies that the certificate must be backed up one for one by
the assets in the reserve account, held by the trustee bank, then the
issuer has the right to take some of that money and invest it in something
else, and not just take the interest it accrues while it sits in the
trustee's account. For the most part, the particulars about what that money
is used for will be subject to market constraints. For instance, if money
goes onto the net and stays there and never leaves, then, in an effort to
compete, an issuer might offer lower issuing fees, even discounting the
price of the certificates at issue, because he's going to make it up
eventually, in the interest and other returns he gets for investing some or
all of that money. However, all that's probably too messy to mess around
with here. If you're interested, ( a little bond humor, there), go dig up a
book on corporate finance (Brealy and Meyers was a good one, once), or
fixed income mathematics (Fabbozzi's was the best, last time I looked).
It's exactly like that, and that's why I find the idea so attractive. :-).
That's the point. Reality, financial or otherwise, is not optional. :-).
The geodesity happens on the other side of the trustee. On the net itself.
Once you get the money on the net, you can do all *kinds* of fun things
there with it, and, eventually, it'll never have to leave, because, I
claim, all financial assets, (stocks, bonds, notes, commodities contracts,
derivatives) will be held in digital bearer form someday. It'll be too
cheap not to.
What we're doing at first is creating financial pond skimmers, net-based
entities, in the same way that pond skimmers are air-based entities, who
use financial cryptography and digital bearer certificates as proto-wings
to aerodynamically flit around on the surface tension of the existing
hierarchical book-entry finance system. Waterborne predators, like FinCEN,
can't catch them, and the predators don't care, really.  Because, sooner or
later, these pond skimmers will have to breed (take the money off the net),
which means laying eggs in the water, and, of course, that's where the
larval pond skimmers live. :-).
Of course, evolution on the net is much faster than real life. So, someday,
soon,  those financial cryptography pond skimmers will have wings and not
rely on surface tension (book-entries) at all, and, someday after that,
they won't even need water(meatspace) to hatch into. By that time,
obviously, there'll be a whole *new* class of predators to worry about, but
they haven't even been invented yet.
ACH: Automated Clearinghouse. FSTC: Financial Services Technology Consortium.
Yup. But the neat thing about them is they take pennies to clear, instead
of quarters for paper checks. The other thing is, they're peer-to-peer.
Credit cards aren't, remember? When was the last time you sold a car or
house and took MasterCard in payment. :-).
Yeah. You're a "wings" person. So am I, obviously. However, I think of FSTC
(or any other) electronic checks, or Cybercash/coin, or even FV, and
barely, SSL/SET, as "legs" which are just long enough to let the surface
tension of the banking system hold us up, so we can do transactions in
Wellll... Depends on what you call a "bank" I suppose. I would claim that,
more than anything else, a trustee in my model is a bank, whether its
assets are digital bearer or not. I won't quibble with you about it,
though. A bank is a type of financial intermediary. Someone who risks
reputation in return for interest, or other profit of somekind. You can't
have finance, and thus trade and economics, without financial
intermediaries. Might as well call some kinds of them "banks", whether they
live on the net or not.
Well, the consequence of book-entry transactions, of course, is the
interference of the nation-state, because that's your anti-repudiation
mechanism. Book-entry banks need nation-states, or force monopolies of
somekind, to exist. However, the net represents a whole new financial
biome, if you will. A biome where book-entries, like fins, are too slow to
fly with. :-).
Certainly the sooner the better. However, you still have to get those
assets on the net in negotiable form. That's why you need to use good old
fashioned book-entry banks to make your assets negotiable. It's like
punching paper numbers into a spreadsheet when you can download a file from
the mainframe. Yes. Mainframes sucked. But that's where the data was.
Way cool. So, how, if you're going to issue hashcash denominated in
dollars, are you going to convert them into actual dollars? Are you going
to put up a physical deposit window and take in bills somewhere? :-).
Wouldn't it be nice for someone to swipe their ATM card into a reader on
their machine using your web page, and get hashcash?
To do that, you need a trustee bank.
You might not have to trust the bank. But you do have to trust a financial
intermediary of some kind. In finance, more often than not, that entity is
called a "bank", for lack of a better term.
Again. You can't have finance, and thus trade and economics, without
reputation. Trust, in other words.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-03 04:16:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: SAFE Bill discussion 
It dawns on me the the use of "Center", and "Democracy", in the same breath
is either redundant or an oxymoron (depending upon your politics :-)) and,
when used to in reference to "Technology", they *really* don't make sense,
in much the same way that "/ physics" is nonsense.
Write software, not laws.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-03 09:37:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
Exactly. In the same way that physical bearer certificates were cheaper to
use than handwritten book entries. Before telegraphy, anyway. It was
telegraphy, more than anything else, which forced the creation of
book-entry settlement (using, actually, encrypted messages and prearranged
authentication codes), because you could do trades at a distance, which you
couldn't do with paper certificates. Database-enabled accounting was what
killed large and abstract value physical bearer certificates once and for
all. Especially when you could swap data sets with tape or disk packs from
machine to machine. (Notice I didn't say tax law. The book entries had to
be there before you could tax them. :-). Law follows reality, not the other
way around. We get the government we deserve [afford], a constituency of
idiots will elect one, and all that tosh.)
I claim that as you get closer to completely offline digital bearer
certificates, you bring back the competitive advantage of bearer
certificates. Right now, we're pretty much in the on-line digital bearer
certificate stage of things, but I'm claiming that even *that* makes it
possible to supplant very large pieces of the book entry hierarchy we've
managed to build in the industrial age. Particularly in the case of
peer-to-peer transactions over great physical -- or regulatory :-) --
I claim that the very futility of tracing those certificates creates the
greatest saving, especially if the only thing you really care about is
whether the trade will clear. The primary reason for keeping archives of
transactions is so that you can hire a cop to hunt down someone and send
them to jail when they stiff you. If you can't hunt them down, you don't
have to pay the cop. :-). Cops cost lots, as most people on cypherpunks
would agree. With a completely anonymous system like Chaum's, you *really*
have to trust the reputation of entity backing the certificates, but you
don't give a fig about who gives you the money itself. "Cash is King",
right? Since there are many more buyers and sellers than certificate
underwriters, and since the underwriter only keeps records of spent
certificates and not all transactions (and is probably expiring keys and
issues of certificates to keep the on-line storage load manageable), then
at least two sets of transaction book entries (those of the buyer and
seller) disappear, and the bookeeping load of the issuer is much less than
that of a typical book-entry intermediary like a clearinghouse. Not to
mention the offsetting book-entries of the clearing system linking multiple
clearing entities. Actually, that's more an artifact of a geodesic network,
and not of a digital bearer certifcate transaction system itself.
Yup. Actually, dollar bills have serial numbers. Bearer bonds had serial
numbers. That's how you controlled the amount in circulation, and could
detect some kinds of fraud, because the number of  certificates issued is a
published figure. But the serial number's not important from a privacy
perspective once a certificate changes hands several times, especially if
the population of certificates is large, like it is with dollar bills.
Even the coupons, the little bits you hacked off and sent in every quarter
to get paid interest, had serial numbers. However, notice that you didn't
need to know *who* was sending in the coupon.  The coupon itself was it's
own proof for redemption. You just sent back a check payable to the person
who sent in the coupon, or if the person, or person's messenger, showed up
physically, you paid cash. Remember $10,000, or $100K bills? That's what
they were primarily for. Cash settlement of things like large bond
transactions. Paper for paper.
Anyway, it's when you start registering certificates, and keeping track of
who owns what, that you get the cost explosion. In that case, you're right.
You could do it without blinding. Dan Simon's cash system for Microsoft
operates kind of like that. You can track the original purchaser at the
initial purchase, but after it's gone through a few secondary trades,
including ones with yourself, tracking them is pretty much impossible.
Chaum's current version of ecash has this, um, feature, which Ian Goldberg
has now conveniently dispatched. Frankly, the model I promote now, with a
book-entry bank as a trustee, has this problem, because you need a
book-entry account at your own bank to bring money on and off the net. Of
course, at some point, you could do this anonymously and in person at a
currency exchange, with a bag of cash. :-). Fortunately, as I said today in
a reply to Adam Back, when you create other assets on the net besides cash,
and can issue them in bearer form, the problem of requiring identity for
authentication goes away, because the book entries are no longer there
there to repudiate.
Moore's Law makes a given public network appear increasingly "geodesic",
like Bucky Fuller's geodesic structures,  because nodes (switches,
processors) are comparatively cheaper than lines to build. The geodesic
market is a market which lives on a geodesic network, which, as Moore's law
progresses, creates smaller and smaller financial entities -- eventually
automated ones -- as measured by asset size or cashflow. That's because a
given amount of money, invested in an increasingly larger swarm of
distributed hardware "nodes", can handle more transactions, and/or smaller
amounts of money, as processor prices drop.
I claim that a cash-settled, digital bearer certificate market is what will
function best on a geodesic network, because it costs less to run for the
reasons I outlined above.
I further claim that the most efficient digital bearer certificate is an
anonymous one.
You get anonymity because it's a waste of resources to keep track of people
who pay you in cash. And, if the system is strongly anonymous from the
outset (and perfect pseudonymity is functionally anonymous), you won't even
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-04 03:39:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: digital cc transactions, digital checks vs real digital cash 
Hmmm. The operative concept in my paragraph was "peer-to-peer". I should
have put "personally" in the last sentence, in between "you" and "sold",
and it would have been much clearer.
By the way, back when I was pond scum in Morgan Stanley's cage in Chicago,
American Express Gold Cards had just come out. About the first month they
were out, a commodities trader showed up at a local Rolls dealership and
offered to pay for a brand new Corniche with one.
The sales manager smiled, said "Yes sir", went to the phone, called Amex,
and took the card.
Probably apocryphal, but, hey, it's a great story.
The point is, you and I can't take Amex when we sell our used Honda off our
driveway.  We do, however take a certified check or cash. When we can sell
our work over the net for checks and cash, the world better look out. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-04 12:32:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
Someone, whose reputation is bigger than God, in the hope of sparing me
public humiliation from the error of my ways (the very paradigm of a lost
cause :-)), wrote to me offline on this topic. I'm posting it here, because
frequently people reply to me with stuff which is extremely relevant to the
argument at hand, and which should be heard in public.
The main consideration I use is that none of the information in the reply
can be used to identify the person who sent it, or mess up whatever plans
they're laying, something you can clearly see in the following...
you write:
Right. Let's call the first one the Microsoft model, because I feel
especially vicious this evening, and the second one the "Real" Chaum model.
Not true. With Chaumian anonymity, all the underwriter does is keep a
database of spent digital bearer certificates, which they keep down by
expiring certificate issues and the keys which generate them periodically.
When someone double-spends a certificate, the underwriter has enough
information to reveal their public key, but only when someone double spends
and not before.
With the Microsoft model, the underwriter knows who's buying your
certificates, *and* the shared secret which makes the cash valid, *and*
what time the certificate was issued, *and* what your shoe sizes, and the
name of your sister's first date, and, and, and,...
Anyway, I claim that the very Chaumian inability to *ever* know who bought
the certificates you underwrite keeps you from ever *trying* to keep track
of any other data, which, of course, is inherently cheaper.
No they don't. There's a qualitative difference between a system where you
can't ever know who some one is, but you can still trust them, and a system
where you always know who someone is and they have to trust *you*. :-). I
say that one of the additional virtues of the former system is
significantly reduced transaction costs, and finally, that that happy side
effect will eventually result in a shift away from the latter kind of
system, if it ever is useful to begin with.
By the way, an additional cost of the system, which is obviously more in
line with the privacy concerns of cypherpunks, and possibly less germaine
to the transaction cost issue we're discussing, is the cost of the risk of
breaking the confidentiality of systems like the Microsoft idea. I have a
hunch that all it takes is one big information leak, and such systems will
be dropped as a form of digital cash underwriting, but I'm going pretty far
out on a limb to make that particular assertion. Should we call this the
"Clipper effect", just to rattle peoples' chains?
Again, I don't think so. However, what we really need is some actual
estimates and analysis to prove it, barring the existence of any actual
transaction cost data, of course. :-). Something I'm not qualified to do,
though I bet there are people here who can get those answers.
Amen. Only people mired in the book-entry way of looking at things think
otherwise. I believe the economics of the marketplace will soon teach them
the serious errors of their ways...
And, again, I assert that the paradox of all this is that the cheapest form
of commerce is a form where you don't trust anyone, or, better, trust, but
verify, everyone. That's the beauty of the blind signature algorithm, it
allows you to do all that, and not keep books, which cost money.
I hope you can see by now, after I've taken another shot at explaining it
better, what I was getting at.
Nah. I don't do calls to arms. It's much better to change the world by
making money. An especially important focus to have when you're building
transaction systems. :-).
I strongly beleive that you can easily knock three, maybe four, decimal
places off the cost of any transaction you can care to mention just by
using strong financial cryptography and anonymous digital bearer
certificates on a ubiquitous geodesic network.
That remains to be seen, however. I will say that I'm working as hard as
someone with my limited skillset can to prove that hypothesis. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-05 21:06:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: digital cc transactions, digital checks vs real digital cash 
No you couldn't. If you wanted to. :-).
In a geodesic economy, things will settle for bearer cash, unless you
borrow money to pay for them, and even then the loan will be a bearer
certificate loan, and not a book-entry loan like a VISA card is.
Ignoring for the time being that you're using a floatless "loan" when you
buy something with a VISA card...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-06 04:37:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Software patents 
I expect two things will happen with the blind signature patent. Either
Digicash licenses the patent  or they don't. :-).
If they do, they have a real good chance of actually making back all the
money they've wasted so far trying to figure out what kind of business they
should be in, which is, again, cryptography.
If they don't license the patent, they will either find a greater fool to
invest in further, um, personal growth, until the patent expires (likely to
me this afternoon, :-)), or someone will actually buy the patent out of the
rubble and hopefully license it.
Under no circumstances do I see any commercial use of the blind signature
patent without the unencumbered legal permission of that patent's owner
(whoever that ends up being). Even the threat of legal action, justified or
not, will sufficiently perturb the economics of starting up a digital
bearer certificate market to prevent any action in those markets without
the patent holder.
I think comparisons to VCRs are inappropriate, because every point of
digital cash exchange between the net and the meatspace finance world can
be slapped with an injunction, and, actual money, changing hands, will be
taken away from someone.
Contributory enfringement may or may not occur in the client, but the fact
is, a trusted thrid party, a financial intermediary, needs to underwrite
the negotiable instrument that a Chaumian digital cash certificate
represents. In order to be trustworthy, that underwriter needs a trustee,
and, for the time being, those trustees will be banks of deposit, subject
to all the state-monopolized "physical" law of meatspace, including patent
Banks, in their current incarnation as account-based book-entry entries,
cannot ignore the law of nation states, because the very efficacy of their
transaction settlement schems requires the physical force of a nation state
to prevent non-repudiation of those transactions.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-06 04:56:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Insults about Vulis 
What *I* want to know is, when do I get the TriLateral Commission
membership card (*and* secret decoder ring) I bought with all that cash.
I'm honored to be Mongered in such fine company.
Bob Hettinga
(who seems to have taken a cashflow "holiday" last year...)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-06 08:28:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
I believe Greg Broiles and others have answered this sufficiently for now.
I'll vamp a little by saying, of course, that there's no way to tell until
the two methods of digital cash are actually measured. However, I'd, um,
bank, on the Chaumian variety, if the patents were ever unencumbered by
Digicash's unfortunate business model.
I'll also comment on the "information exaust" issue by saying that I agree
with Hal's hypothesis that one of the reasons that the information is there
is because of the non-repudiation requirements of government enforcement.
It behooves marketers to then leverage the cost distortion of the finance
department's data collection engine by adding in, at the margin, a little
additional data for processing. On the net, there will be no requirement
for this. The only people who need to keep books will be the meatspace
net-affiliated banks. The only books kept in putting money on the net or
taking it off, would be an aggregate number at the trustee, and the
withdrawls and deposits of people taking money on and off the net from
their respective personal and business bank accounts. The underwriter and
every transaction on the net, particularly those for information
(everything from music to surgery), do not need any transaction information
storage. A lot of incentive to keep money on the net, over time. Also, the
smaller the transaction size, the more important freedom from transaction
storage becomes. Again, the idea of micromoney "mitochondria", a
micropayment-settlement system for various internet resources, like SMTP,
or even bandwidth, comes to mind.
So, Tim and Ray also have right idea when they talk about how most small
businesses don't need all the information they're forced to collect by the
government for one reason or another. And, again, I claim that the net and
Moore's law creates *dis*economies of scale, probably to the microbusiness,
bot-sized, level, someday. And, the smaller the business entity, the less
information it really needs to operate. As you subdivide a market, the more
you trend towards perfect competition. (Of course, I mean "perfect
competition" in the commodity-price use of the phrase, where one soybean is
as good as any other. Fungible, in other words.) Branded soybeans are an
oxymoron, which is why you can buy and sell futures in them.
Finally, with the most abject apologies to the superior (with a brick, sir)
financial knowlege of Mr. Chrispin, the very best piece of information
about an efficient market for something is its most recent price.
No, I don't think this represents the end of the "marketing concept" as a
business model, but certainly when transaction cycles can be measured in
the microsecond range, a swarm of autonomous entities will probably do a
better job of fulfilling consumer wants than a multi-month top-down market
analysis by an MBA.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-06 08:34:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
Only time, and actual data, will tell, as I've said elsewhere.
So, you've refuted that one for me. :-).
Funny you should mention that. It's one of my ideas for an e$Lab company.
I claim that ACH transactions can be driven to 2.5 cents with something
like the FSTC electronic check project when it comes on line. And, that
once you have enough bank servers on the net operating as "deposit windows
on the information superhighway", Metcalfe's law kicks in, and those
servers can clear against each other directly on the net, bypassing the ACH
system altogether. Probably bringing the price of clearing an internet
check to .0025 cents, which would leave the ACH record format as the Roman
wagon-wheel rut (which begat the standard european rail guage) of the
information age, and giving us the three or four orders of magnitude I was
talking about.
Funny you should mention that one too. :-). The mint itself, being run by
an underwriter, probably doesn't need anything else in the way of record
keeping but a list of expired certificates, certificate issues, and keys.
The only place GAAP would really apply would be the trustee, who needs GAAP
anyway as a requirement of the book-entry world it lives in. And,
fortunately, the system already accounts for things like ATM transactions
anyway, which is how I see digital cash collateral getting on and off the
net for the most part. No net accounting load at all, to my mind, except,
of course, from the long-phase, but temporary, increase caused over time as
the net becomes a better place to do business than meatspace. Again, at
some point, when on-net trustees can keep assets in digital bearer
certificates, GAAP may hold for some things, but probably not too much for
the collateral pool of digital bearer assets, because those can be checked
by some kind of ZKP, anyway, right? There's also Eric Hughes' encrypted
open books idea, which would probably follow GAAP, granted. Anyway, maybe
the data format for ATM systems would become another Roman axlewidth to
measure commerce by.
It's hard for me to see the regulatory load increase in a transaction
clearing system collateralized entirely by digital bearer certificates.
They can be anonymously held, remember? :-).
Exactly. See my points about wagonruts, above. :-).
Again, I still hold out for three or four.
Agreed. However, when it happens, it'll probably be more significant than
that. I think removing 3 or 4 extra zeroes from the status quo is probably
what people should try to do when developing this stuff. I think that the
technology offers us at least that much slack, and probably more.
Remember, it *is* supposed to change the world. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-07 19:10:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The Executive State 
Precedence: Bulk
The Executive State:
The U.S. Presidency vs. American Liberty
propaganda event, and even offered to send Air Force One, Tiger answered as
every freedom-loving American should: he had something better to do. He was
going on a vacation with some college chums.
that the presidency is shrinking as an institution. It still commands, but
no longer compels, our undying (or dying) obedience, no matter how many
monuments are erected to despots on the Washington Mall. This trend is all
to the good.
republic to the present survives in the form of the executive state. But
where can you go in the library to find the truth about the havoc U.S.
presidents have wrecked on the American promise of freedom? Virtually
nowhere. The official history of the presidency reads like the Lives of the
1998, we're holding a major academic conference on the American presidency.
Our purpose is to debunk the conventional view that the more power he's
usurped, the better off the American people are.
the checkered careers and dictates of Polk, Lincoln, McKinley, Roosevelt I,
Wilson, Roosevelt II, Truman, Johnson, Nixon, and Reagan.
aspect of a presidential power grab (or one of those few occasions when a
president did some good) let us know. An abstract is all that's necessary
to be considered now.
The Ludwig von Mises Institute
Auburn, Alabama 36849-5301
334-844-2500; fax: 334-844-2583
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
Lesley Stahl: "You mean *anyone* can set up a web site and compete
               with the New York Times?"
Andrew Kantor: "Yes."  Stahl:  "Isn't that dangerous?"
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-08 02:06:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Spam Update/Cyber Promo attacked 
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
While aware of the irony of sending an unsolicited message from Cyber
Promotions to a large group of people, this bulletin just arrived from our
friends at Cyber:
PHILADELPHIA, 5-7-97  Bulk e-mail giant Cyber Promotions is under attack by
"anti-spam" hackers. This concentrated attack was planned for several
weeks, and has been publicly discussed on Internet newsgroups. The hackers
are using a brand new method to deny service to all Cyber Promotions'
computers hooked to a main router on an AGIS line. The hackers have devised
a system which sends millions of random "arp" requests to a router, which
can disable the whole network for hours. This type of attack has never
occurred before. Currently thousands of businesses with web pages and mail
box accounts are being denied service.
The attack began yesterday around 4 PM Eastern, and is still occurring at
press time. But the [source of the] attack is traceable with the help of a
backbone provider and computer security specialists. The longer it occurs,
the easier it is to trace it back to the hacker. Cyber Promotions will work
in conjunction with federal authorities to prosecute the criminals.
This latest attack is occurring, by no coincidence, on the same day that
Cyber Promotions, AGIS and several bulk e-mailers scheduled  a press
conference in Las Vegas to discuss the formation of a new association which
will enforce a universal "don not send" list along with many other ethical
bulk e-mail standards.
It goes on, but I need to ponder the meaning of "ethical bulk e-mail
Wendy R. Leibowitz, Technology Editor
National Law Journal
345 Park Ave. South
New York, NY 10010
E-mail: wendyl
"Remember, even pencils break."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-08 17:34:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bypassing the Digicash Patents 
I actually don't care about the merchant and consumer. The hole you pour
the cost savings into belongs to the people clearing the trades, the
trustee and the underwriter. They'll take care of the consumer and the
merchant. Again, the reason we have ATMs is because they put tellers out of
work. If we can move that decimal point three or four places to the left
with strong financial cryptography, then we won't have a spark, we'll have
a Chixalub event. :-).
"Branding" is not the issue here. What we're talking about is the creation
of exactly the opposite, what economists call "perfect" competition, like
in commodities markets, where one soybean is as good as another. Fungible,
in other words. In the bond market, once you have two bonds which are
equivalent in credit rating, call structure, etc., effectively equivalent
in total return, in other words, you don't care who issues it.
The way we get to this is to exponentially increase the number of
underwriters, which is what Moore's Law gives us in the form of those
underwriting microbots I blather on so much about. If the costs of
generating that $300 million you're talking about is less than that revenue
by any small but appreciable fraction, you have a market. By the way, we
should avoid conflating cost with revenue. I'm talking about reducing the
cost of delivery by 3 or 4 orders of magnitude. Whatever you charge is what
the market will bear. :-). It's the profit margin, not the market size
which counts, and I claim that someday you'll have very small entities
making very small markets indeed. Remember, the original Mark Twain Bank
"mint" ran on a 486. If, as Dr. Myrhvold likes to point out, computers 20
years from now are going to be a million times more powerful, then that
creates a scale of financial entity to which $300 million is huge. Way too
big to think about.
In the meantime, if, due to the entertaining pricing distortions of
creating a new market you were able to sell that $300 million worth of
total cost for $3 billion, that would be cool, right? At least until you
had some competition, and, given Moore's law, that competition could happen
pretty quick...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-09 04:18:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Encryption--RSA v. PGP 
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by listserv.aol.com id
                      LAA22230
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
RSA Data Security, Inc. filed an action in the Superior Court of California,
San Mateo County, against Pretty Good Privacy, Inc.  PGP has been
claiming that its license to distribute RSA-based encryption software is
based on a chain running from Public Key Partners to Viacrypt, Inc.  PGP
acquired Viacrypt, Inc. in January 1996 and has been selling RSA-based
encryption software for commercial use ever since.  The complaint, filed
by Tomlinson Zisko Morosoli & Maser, alleges that PGP's license is
derived from a license to Lemcom, which in turn has been terminated.
This might well mean the end of PGP.  This would certainly be a bad
outcome for security and freedom on the Internet.  I will be following
these developments and report to the list.  It's ironic that RSA is doing this
while complaining about PGP conduct as a freeloader.  I doubt that public
key encryption would be anywhere as notorious as it has become if it
were not for Phil Zimmermannn's crusade; and I haven't noticed RSA
offering to help with Phil's legal expenses.
Kevin J. Connolly
The opinions expressed in this communication are those of the author,
not of Eaton & Van Winkle.
This communication is not legal advice.  If it were legal advice, it would
be accompanied by an invoice.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-09 10:47:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Cryptography Short Course 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Christof Paar WPI's Continuing Education Program is offering a 5-day short course in
cryptography. I will be teaching the course from August 4-8, in Waltham.
Waltham is 10 miles West of Boston.
Please find below a detailed course description and a registration form.
If you have any question about course contents etc., please feel free to
contact me by email.
For questions regarding registration, contact Arlene Lowenstein at:
Best regards,
Christof Paar                   Assistant Professor             email:  christof
Cryptography Group              phone:  (508) 831 5061
ECE Department, WPI             fax:    (508) 831 5491
100 Institute Road
Worcester, MA 01609, USA

@_date: 1997-05-10 00:56:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Wine Politics Again! 
X-Sender: mcooley
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Marianne Cooley This one is not just an Internet message.  In fact, I should probably take
it to my marketing list ;)--but just to keep y'all up to date with the
latest commerce developments.
forwarded message:
Hello friends of the Virtual Vineyards and family wineries. Remember the
felony direct shipping law in Georgia I wrote about a few weeks ago? Well,
Governor Miller signed it, unfortunately. Ship a bottle of wine, go to
jail. Amazing.
Here it is again, this time in Florida. The wholesale liquor lobby is
pushing a bill through the state houses making it a felony to ship a bottle
of wine to a Florida consumer. If you believe, as we do, that this is
unreasonable restraint of legitimate commerce, please register your
opposition directly with Governor Chiles. This is not just a Florida issue,
as other states are watching the development of such laws very closely. If
you have friends in Florida please pass this on to them and urge them to act
quickly. The bill will soon be on the governor's desk.
Here is a sample letter for Governor Chiles with several ways to contact
him. Personalize it if you wish, or send it as is:
E-Mail: chilesl
Fax:  904-487-0801
Phone:  904-488-4441
Governor Lawton Chiles
Office of the Governor
Florida State Capitol,
Talahassee, Florida  32399-0001
Dear Governor Chiles:
I call upon you to veto HB 725 (SB336), the felony direct shipment
bill. This bill is sponsored by the state's Liquor wholesalers in order to
protect their monopoly on wine sold to Florida consumers.  Out-of-state
sellers of wine support Florida Attorney General Butterworth's
counter-proposal, and are willing to register with Florida, pay state excise
and sales taxes and assure that all Florida laws protecting minors are
observed. If HB 725 becomes law, Florida wine consumers' choices of products
will be narrowly limited to the few wines represented by the Liquor
wholesalers and Florida itself will be making a statement that small family
winegrape growers and wineries in over 40 states deserve to go to jail, and
lose their farms and vineyards, if they ship a bottle of wine to a customer
who happens to reside in Florida.  HB 725 is hostile to consumers and
I urge you to use your veto.
Sincerely yours,
Peter D. Granoff, M.S./Virtual Vineyards
415-919-1977 fax
3803 East Bayshore Rd., Suite 175
Palo Alto, CA 94303
       Marianne Cooley            Internet Special Interest Group
       NetHorizons Unlimited      SigNet.org--where online users meet
       mcooley           617.433.0825
Join "Life at Internet Speed" on  Wednesdays from 1-2pm!
For a chat topic reminder, send an email to majordomo
and write "subscribe life" (no quotation marks) in the body of the message.
To unsubscribe from the dcsb list, send a letter to: Majordomo
In the body of the message, write:  unsubscribe dcsb
Or, to subscribe,           write:  subscribe dcsb
If you have questions, write to me at Owner-DCSB
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-10 00:59:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: In Vino Veritas 
I love this prohibition stuff.
First recreational drugs, then guns, then cryptography, then tobbacco, and
now, the grandaddy of all prohibitions, alcohol sales, on the net in
Florida, with good old vino being retreaded as a brand new thin edge of the
tired old wedge of government behavioral control.
Once again, a whole generation of libertines now becomes moralistic in
their old age. Same as it ever was. Remember that the Romantics (Beethoven,
Chopin, the waltzing Strausses, etc.) grew up to become the Victorians (the
temperance, missionary, conservation, and "indian school" movements).
So, maybe it *is* time to move to a country where the average age is under
30. Fortunately, there are a lot of them, thanks to exploding life
expectancy caused by advancing technological progress   and Peale's
"demographic transition". Maybe soon they'll have enough wealth (and
technological creativity) of their own to ignore the increasing
constrictions of what Tim May likes to call the "Terror State". I'd gladly
exchange a moribund environment of backward-looking luddism for a cheerful
attack on the problem of making the future happen, anytime. Unfortunately,
that doesn't look like an option, not just yet, anyway.
The other thing which comes to mind with all this is, of course, financial
cryptography, which, contrary to the opinion of more than a few on the
e-mail lists I'm on, I see as the thin edge of another kind of wedge. It is
financial cryptography which will kill cryptographic prohibition, and,
someday, prohibition of other technologies as well.
Currently, the relaxation of export controls on cryptography is now merely
a cudgel to make us submit to ubiquitous wiretapping, and not for national
security, the original purpose of such controls.
Former National Security Agency Chief Counsel Stewart Baker said at the
Digital Commerce Society of Boston luncheon this Tuesday that the
management of the NSA gave up on succeeding with cryptographic export
controls in 1993, and that their only hope was to enlist Federal Bureau of
Investigation Director Louis Freeh in their efforts by showing him threat
of cryptography to his wiretap apparatus. It's now quite clear that the NSA
is fighting a retreat on strong cryptography, and that they're using Louis
Freeh and the FBI to do it for them.  So, at this point, any residual
attempts by the national security apparatus per se to control exports,
beyond assisting Freeh in slowing down technological progress, is just
regulatory inertia. Still real and very dangerous to anyone who believes in
freedom and privacy, but lacking any further accelleration to move it
forward, once the momentum it already has finally goes away.
In my conversation last year with senior people there, the Financial Crimes
Enforcement Network (FinCEN), responsible for catching money launderers and
other financial criminals and another would-be cryptographic hoplaphobe,
certainly seemed to understand that if blind-signature digital bearer
certificates are proven to be as economically efficient as a few of us on
the net think they will be, FinCEN's ability to monitor transactions on the
net will just disappear. Not only because they can't see those transaction
behind the Chaumian blind-signature algorithm, but because the sheer volume
of transactions (the micromoney mitochondria,
digital-cash-as-microprocessor-food idea I like to throw around, as an
extreme example) will physically choke any monitoring effort they attempt
to build. In yet another paraphrase of John Gilmore's law of internet
censorship, the net sees surveillance as damage, and routes around it.
Again, inertia is a problem here, and the powers-that-be at FinCEN haven't
given up quite yet on ultimately controlling the impending explosion of
internet financial cryptography, as NSA's management seems to have with
crypto in general. Mostly because all the starry-eyed claims people like me
make on behalf of digital bearer certificates are just that, claims, with
no empirical evidence so far to back them up. Yet. :-).
Finally, that leaves wiretaps, and the FBI's Louis Freeh, a man who got his
law-enforcement bones because of bugs and wiretaps, and who has never seen
a wiretap he didn't like. First of all, Freeh faces the same problem FinCEN
faces. Even if it were economically possible for the FBI to get the
monsterous wiretap capability that the freshly legislated CALEA now crams
down the collective financial throat of every telecoms manufacturer and
provider on earth. Even if he did get access to all cryptographic keys,
which he can't physically do, because economics will require that most of
those session keys be disposed of as fast as they're used. Even if, in
spite of both of those flights of economic fantasy, he were able to do so,
Freeh still can't physically monitor all that communication, in the same
sense that FinCEN can't follow all those transactions on the internet.
Gilmore's Law strikes again.
But, the joke here, of course, is that surveillence technology in meatspace
itself is going to continue to increase. The eventual prospect of
ubiquitous videobugging both by government and private sources means that a
lot of David Brin's surveillance society will probably come to pass, and
physical crime will continue to diminish as a result.  The law-enforcement
need for tapped or "excrowed" communictions will probably disappear,
because even when Freeh & Co. couldn't just subpoena some stored private
video somewhere, planting a physical bug, Gotti-style, will be much easier
than listening in to an "excrowed" communication with disposable session
Much in the same way, I might add, as if the NSA bunch had never mentioned
the idea of key escrow at all to Louis Freeh. That's because the inherent
need of corporations to secure their own data from the hostile or
accidental behavior of their own people would have already created a market
for encrypted data recovery anyway. All the law enforcement community would
need to do to get access to that information is the same thing they use for
anything else: a subpoena. Again, the "rational control" of government
destroyed what would have been a much more efficient market driven
technology. Like the filtering of offensive internet content was before the
Communications Decency Act threatened to "require" it, some very creative
people were thinking very hard about private key and cryptography data
recovery schemes and now won't touch them because the government wants to
mandate key escrow, er, "recovery", into existance.
However, the last laugh in the upcoming surveillance society will
eventually be had by privacy advocates on would-be totalitarians like Mr.
Freeh, and, it seems, on Al Gore, who seems to be Freeh's chief cheerleader
in the Clinton administration. Remember that Stalin, too, came to
totalitarianism from the absolutism of the extreme left, and leftist
absolutism is something Mr. Gore's book "Earth in the Balance" is chock
full of. Somewhere, Freddy Hayek is laughing.
Anyway, in the ultimate twist of fate, all those ubiquitous surveillance
devices will be predominantly in *private* hands, and, as the cleptocracy
of the modern nation state continues to implode from it's own greed and
power-lust, those surveillance devices will, eventually, be linked to
privately held security firms, and, maybe someday to autonomous
*munitions*. See the "Mesh and the Net",
, for some hints to this kind of
defensive military technology. I claim that as we will be able to allocate
network resources with some kind of cash settled economy, so too will we
someday be be able to directly "purchase" the services of these kinds of
technologies, without the centralized economic distortion of a
nation-state. In other words, we'll be much more physically secure without
people like Mr. Freeh, than with them.
While that's a long way off, it's probably not so far as freedom and
privacy advocates fear. For instance, if, say, 10 years from now, as some
people have predicted, your home security system had complete visual
coverage of your property with a swarm of very cheap CCD videocameras, all
streaming that encrypted video over the net to some secure (possibly
anonymous) storage place, then not only do criminals have a tougher time
comitting crimes against your person and property, but so too does
government. In addition, with such a system, there's nothing to keep a
private cop or detective from appearing at the scene of the crime, probably
at much less cost than that of a government one. Heck, the purchase of the
cop's or detective's time could occur on a cash-settled auction market, for
that matter.  Paid by private crime insurance, of course. :-). Once again,
information technology reduces government to the functional equivalent of
ceremony, following monarchy down the road to mere decoration and, lately,
occassional entertainment.
Now, I agree that just waiting around for all this to mysteriously appear
won't make it happen any faster. The faster the technology is built,
deployed, and most important, made profitable, the better. And, these days,
all this statist encroachment on our freedom feels, very debatably, like
being a Jew on Krystallnacht waiting for the Americans to win the war
already. But, this technology *is* going to happen, and, while
nation-states aren't going to go down without fighting for their
institutional lives, they *have* lost. Hopefully, the sooner they know
they've lost, the sooner they'll give up, join the human race, and get on
with building the future.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-10 22:09:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Wine Politics Again! 
He's just doing his Sam Adams routine. (hyuk!)
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-13 12:07:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: War & InfoWar 
Ah. A 90's version of Freddy Hayek's "Road to Serfdom", maybe?
A turn-of-the-new-century Phabian Society needs a Stalin to make it's
dreams reality?
Be careful what you wish for, ladies and germs...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-13 23:03:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: You get what you pay for 
I was expanding on your riff, a bit, I guess.
I suppose that intellectual ruminations, including my own on occasion here
in cypherpunks, are all well and good, but when it comes time to put the
rubber to the road, or in flames around the oppressor's neck, or whatever,
people usually don't get what they think they want, um, other people to do
for them. Which is Hayek's point, as demonstrated by England's Phabian
Society, which probably did more to advance the cause of Stalin than Lenin
ever did. :-).
After such episodes of political "success", there is a *reason* most of us,
as the esteemed Mr. Townsend once said, "...get on [our] knees and pray we
don't get fooled again...".
I think that strong cryptography, especially strong financial cryptography,
is going to create a world we'll scarcely recognize in 100 years, or maybe
even 30 years. Not because of politically motivated violence, but of
economic necessity.
Yeah, I know. Economic necessity sometimes creates politically motivated
violence. And, at the heart of that is a paradox, as juicy a paradox as
well meaning victorian British socialists apologising in advance for the
behavior of a totalitarian Russian monster 50 years later.
When you think about it, the events of 1789 France, or post-Weimar Germany,
or even post-Tito (nee' Soviet) Yugoslavia, all came after the crises which
supposedly caused them were pretty much over, and people had the brainspace
to think about how pissed off they should be about it.
The Pelleponesian War was probably more about Athens slacking off her
Delian League repression (the introspective episode in intellectual
potlatch we now call the "golden age" of Athens) than her later genocidal
punishment of a vassal state for not coughing up the requisite League dues.
There was a study of  um, urban cub scouts, lately, which talked about how
it wasn't the *lack* of self-esteem which caused extremely violent gang
behavior, so much as it was, ironically, too *much* self-esteem. There's
nothing so self-confident as a 14 year old with an AK or a Mac10(?), as any
resident of Beruit, or Chicago, or Mogadishu, or Monrovia, or, now, Tirana,
will gladly tell you. Much hubris goes before the fall of domestic
tranquility. :-).
Anyway, when I'm prone to worry about such things, I think, depending on my
mood and the weather,  that either the government is getting so powerful
that we're going to have to fight back some day, or that it really isn't so
powerful anymore, and now the more cocky of us think we can stand up to it
and fight back in redress for its past sins, real and imaginary. Remember
that dear Uncle *has* demobilized considerably. Mr. McVeigh himself is
someone who would now be cheerfully blowing up things in Special Forces
practice somewhere, if he had more practice time and running room at the
selection process before he was economically demobilized after his heroic
exploits in Kuwait.
One of the fun consequences of having a large standing army, of course, is
what do you do with the, um, standees, when you can't afford to feed and
train them any more. I'd bet that a large percentage of the Russian "Mafia"
are former soldiers, and certainly spook/torturers, just doing what comes
In this regard, I think that America lucked out after WWII because lots of
its sharply increased industrial, um, womanpower, could step aside so
Johnny could come marching home to a job in the factory down the street.
The GI bill mopped up the rest of the slack(ers) by putting the brighter
and more easily bored safely away in college for a few years :-). In a few
years, everyone had a wife, 2.2 kids and a mortgage to worry about instead
of the injustice of encroaching government power. Problem solved.
We may be reaping what we've sown after the 50-Year War with Russia,
though. This time it may not be so easy, because people like Mr. McVeigh
are not people who went off to fight a war to return immediately after the
shooting stopped, but, people who, like our politicians, are now
careerists. Lifers. Empire builders, in the truest sense of the phrase.
People who, it now appears, are as pissed off at dear Uncle as the rest of
us are, though for different reasons, all their manifestoes and
rationalizations to the contrary.
Unfortunately, we can't use the economic rent we've beaten out of the rest
of the world this time to put them to work at something else, especially
because no matter what we hire them for, it isn't the thing they were
selected and trained over a lifetime to do. More to the point, something
they expected to do for the rest of their working lives.
Oh, well. Life is hard. Sometimes you don't get what you want, to
paraphrase a fellow tradesman of Mr. Townsend. Or, as my nephews' governess
used to say, sometimes you don't have to wanna. So, though I'm not to the
"beware soft targets" stage yet, it's good advice in almost any age, and
should be paid attention to.
Finally, my own hope for stuff like financial cryptography in this regard
is that it will make so much money, wringing the required economic rent out
of progress rather than the comparative devastation of the rest of the
world, that we'll be able to "bribe" all those demobilized spooks and
soldiers to leave us alone, much the same way that Harry and Ike did with
the creation of the middle-class entitlement state. Without, of course, the
"state" part.
I think that such hopes are at least justified. History has shown us that
there is nothing like a whole bunch of technological and economic progress
to focus people on better stuff than blowing up themselves and their
enemies. Modulo the odd paradox, of course.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-14 01:28:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PGP Prestidigitizes RSA... 
To paraphrase the cypherpunks maxim: "Cypherpunk fellow-travellers hack
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by listserv.aol.com id
                      LAA18484
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
There are several additional bits and pieces to report.
First, RSA is not seeking to enjoin the distribution of PGP products.  The
lawsuit is seeking solely to revise the royalties to be paid.
Second, it can be said that the suit represents something of a stretch.
RSA (the original patent holder) assigned the patent to Public Key
Partners, whose membership consists of RSA Data Security, Inc. and
Cylink Corporation.  Public Key Partners had granted a license to
ViaCrypt, Inc., which was acquired by Lemcom, Inc.  Then Pretty Good
Privacy, Inc. acquired Lemcom and performed a reverse subsidiary
merger, with Lemcom as the surviving entity.  Lemcom then changed its
corporate style to (surprise!) Pretty Good Privacy, Inc.  Cylink--the other
half of Public Key Partners-- was not consulted before RSA purported to
terminate the license and sue PGP.
Third, It appears that one major reason for RSA's purported termination
of the license agreement was to get around the very broad arbitration
clause in the license agreement.
Finally, it appears that RSA commenced the suit in reaction to PGP's
development of algorithm-independent encryption.  This innovation would
make it possible for PGP to embrace not only the RSA Algorithm but also
Diffy-Helman, El Gamal (a variant of Diffy-Helman), elliptical curve
cryptography or even n-dimensional lattice vector schemes.  In the
meantime, however. PGP continues and will continue to incorporate the
RSA algorithm, if for no other reason than downward compatibility and
the need to continue to support the significant number of existing
RSA-based keypairs.
It should be noted that any bias apparent in this posting stems from the
failure of RSA's counsel to return my calls, even though I identified
myself and the fact that I am preparing an article for print in a significant
news weekly (which I will not identify until and unless the article actually
runs).  However, I did identify the publication to RSA's counsel, and he
chose to let me get my information from PGP, Cylink, and other industry
Kevin J. Connolly
The opinions expressed in this communication are those of the author,
not of Eaton & Van Winkle.
This communication is not legal advice.  If it were legal advice, it would
be accompanied by an invoice.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-16 05:38:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NEW!! CONFERENCE AGENDA IR AND SECURITY 
X-Received: from muwayb.ucs.unimelb.EDU.AU
 (muwayb.ucs.unimelb.EDU.AU [128.250.20.7]) by eduserv.its.unimelb.EDU.AU
 (8.8.5/8.8.5) with ESMTP id HAA28553 for ;
 Wed, 14 May 1997 07:03:14 +1000 (EST)
X-Received: from directory-daemon by muwayb.ucs.unimelb.edu.au
 (PMDF V5.1-8  id <01IIUND0S1C00002GS for
 s_mark6 Wed, 14 May 1997 07:04:25 +1000
X-Received: from directory-daemon by muwayb.ucs.unimelb.edu.au
 (PMDF V5.1-8  id <01IIUND0K3Y80002FQ for
 irtheory Wed, 14 May 1997 07:04:25 +1000
X-Received: from wona1.ethz.ch (wona1-rz-vms.ethz.ch)
 by muwayb.ucs.unimelb.edu.au (PMDF V5.1-8  with ESMTP id <01IIUNCVGG8S0002GF for
 IRTHEORY Wed, 14 May 1997 07:04:25 +1000
X-Received: from 129.132.196.50 (sipo50.ethz.ch)
 by wawona.ethz.ch (PMDF V5.0-4  id <01IIU5LJINA8934Q4Y
 for IRTHEORY Tue, 13 May 1997 22:37:06 +0100
Resent-date: Thu, 15 May 1997 13:38:40 +1000 (EST)
Resent-From: "M.Beavis" (s_mark6
This message was sent to all institutions included in the ISN.
Please spread it within your institution. Apologize cross-posting.
**                    CONFERENCE AGENDA                    **
**           INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS AND SECURITY          **
**                     ON THE INTERNET                     **
**                                                         **
**                          Run by                         **
**    ISN - International Relations and Security Network   **
**                                   **
TO ANNOUNCE YOUR FORTHCOMING CONFERENCES ON THE INTERNET
USE OUR ADD-A-LINK FORM AT As part of its electronic services, the ISN has newly
established the following directories:
1) An electronic CONFERENCE AGENDA in the field of
international relations, regional security, as well as
peace and conflict studies (including both physical
and virtual conferences). Conference announcements are
accepted independently from having an own home page.
2) a special DIRECTORY OF ELECTRONIC DISCUSSION LISTS
in the same fields.
The aim of the two new services is to facilitate information
exchange about international academic events and to promote
the use of electronic means for interactive dialogue within
the security community. Both directories are accessible from
the ISN home page.
Members of the community are called upon announcing their
forthcoming activities through this new public directories.
Thank you for your cooperation.
The ISN team
The ISN is maintained by the Center for Security Studies
and Conflict Research at ETH Zurich, in conjunction with
the Euro-Atlantic Foundation, Brussels, and EINIRAS.
ISN is supported by the Swiss Government.
ISN Secretariat: isn
ISN Webmaster:   webmaster

@_date: 1997-05-17 02:27:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: BofA / Visa to test Cash Online 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: "R. Jason Cronk" Precedence: Bulk
Bank of America, Visa To Test Cash Online
****Bank of America, Visa To Test Cash Online 05/15/97 SAN FRANCISCO,
CALIFORNIA, U.S.A., 1997 MAY 15 (NB) -- By Bill Pietrucha. Virtual cash -
backed by the real stuff, of course- is coming to the Internet. Bank of
America and Visa International said they will conduct a pilot test
ofstored-value chip card transaction on the Internet this summer,
essentially giving consumers and merchants an online equivalent to cash and
coins for small purchases.
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd:                "Digital Money Online"
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it! For e$/e$pam sponsorship, mail Bob: Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-17 09:18:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Secure payments on the Internet the focus of internationalconference June 19-20 in Washington 
Organization: FBMA America Inc.
X-URL: Hello, Mr. Hettinga -- I'm a fairly recent fan of e$, having learned
about it only a month ago.
Aware as I am of the rules of Netiquette, I was hoping for your advice
or assistance regarding how I might let other readers know about an
important conference coming up June 19-20 in Washington on the subject
of secure payments and the Internet.
Sponsored by Digital Equipment Corp., Hitachi, CyberCash and VeriFone,
the conference will address payment systems, security issues, digital
signatures and certification authorities, regulatory issues, standards
development, emerging technologies, and other topics.
Keynote speakers include Ira C. Magaziner, Senior Advisor to the
President for Policy Development; William Melton, CEO, CyberCash; and
Frank V. Cahouet, CEO, Mellon Bank, among others.
In addition to discussions on electronic purse, chip cards,
micropayments, credit cards on the Internet and other payment
systems, and in addition to progress reports on BIPS, NetBill,
Integrion, Mondex and other high-profile rollouts, the conference will
feature discussions on:
-taxation of Internet commerce (Karl Frieden, Arther Andersen / Walter
Nagel, MCI Communications)
-risk management in business-to-business bill payments on the Internet
(Anne Friedman, Chase Manhattan / Sandra Runyon, Southwestern Bell /
Scott Smith, Jupiter Communications
-establishing trust in electronic transactions (Lori Fena, Exec.
Director, Electronic Frontier Foundation)
- the US Postal Service's electronic postmarking and CA initiative
- proposed changes to the ACH network to support Internet payments
In all, there will be about 40 presentations.
The CyberPayments 97 conference (which is accompanied by an exposition
titled "i-Money" takes place June 19-20 at the Sheraton Washington Hotel
and is organized by the National Automated Clearing House Association,
which is actively involved in promoting all types of payment systems,
including Internet payments.
A full conference brochure can be found at I hope you'll find the conference interesting enough to share with your
Thank you in advance for your consideration of this information.
Debra Greenberg
Managing Director
FBMA America Inc. (on behalf of the National Automated Clearing House
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-18 09:18:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Fred Hapgood on the Internet as an Auction-Pricing Incubator 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                            Fred Hapgood
            "The Internet as an Auction-Pricing Incubator"
                        Tuesday, June 3, 1997
                              12 - 2 PM
                  The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                    One Federal Street, Boston, MA
                   Price, Including Luncheon: $30.00
The low transaction costs and interactivity of the internet are proving a
highly favorable incubator for auction pricing.  In April Yahoo reported
60+ sites supporting online auctions with more appearing every day. The
largest of these hosted more than 50,000 individual auctions (not
individual items) simultaneously and was growing at 25% a month.  Online
auction sites appear to be the only indigenous internet service that is a)
generating profits of any scale and b) respectable. Fred will describe how
these auctions work, some of their varieties, what they are selling,
analyze the online auction site as a business model, review recent
developments, and weigh the odds that online auctions will be associated
with changes of interest in the structure of the economy and the culture.
Fred Hapgood, , is a free-lance writer based
in Boston. While he often writes about aspects of electronic commerce, that
being where the market is, he promises creditworthy clients an attentive
and positive hearing to any proposition legal in at least one jurisdiction.
Last year he spoke before the DCSB on franchising and the internet.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, June 3, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, May 31, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00.
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
July      Win Treese           TLS, Digital Commerce, and Export Issues
August    Duncan Frissell      MarketEarth
September Christof Paar        Elliptic Curve Cryptography
October   Peter Cassidy        Military Fiat and Digital Commerce
November  Carl Ellison         Identity and Certification for Electronic
                                Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-18 09:57:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: MULTOS announcement from MasterCard --- FYI 
X-Sender: saguaro (Unverified)
 MasterCard launches global smart card  platform
    NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 15, 1997--
      Platform provides MasterCard member financial institutions with
          complete solution in migrating to chip-based payment products
          MasterCard International today became the first payments brand to
begin implementing a complete solution for making the widespread use
of smart cards a marketplace reality by the new millennium.
          By embracing a new open-platform technology called MULTOS as its
smart card operating platform, MasterCard member banks will now have
access to an unprecedented technology that will enable a single smart
card to support a number of different products, securely and
          The MULTOS (multi-application operating system) technology, which
was announced today by eight of the leading silicon manufacturers and
smart card companies from the United States, Europe, Asia and
Australia uses the proven Mondex security architecture which allows
applications to be dynamically and securely loaded onto a smart card.
With MULTOS, not only can members load applications when the card is
issued, but cardholders will be able to load or change applications
after the card has been issued by going on-line to the card issuer,
via telephone, the ATM or across the Internet.  This allows
applications and security upgrades to be introduced without reissuing
cards, and for cardholders to "customize" their card with the
applications they choose.
          Paired with the MULTOS technology is a MasterCard migration plan
that gives financial institutions around the world the flexibility to
enter into the smart card arena when it's right for their markets and
their businesses.  Together, MULTOS and the MasterCard migration plan
support a wide range of implementation schemes -- from the most
comprehensive to the most modest -- ensuring that member banks can
bring smart cards to market in a way that is useful for the
cardholder and profitable for the bank.
          "The business case for smart cards varies among markets and
countries, and so the key to a successful migration from magnetic
stripe cards to smart cards is flexibility," said MasterCard
President and CEO Robert W. Selander.  "In our migration strategy we
have a flexible approach that lets every member move to smart cards
at a time and pace that is best for their business.  And in MULTOS we
have a superior technology that is `future-friendly.' MULTOS will
enable our members to embrace smart card technology, and at the same
time, give them the confidence that today's investment will not be
obsolete tomorrow.  By incorporating MULTOS technology into our smart
card migration strategy, we are offering our members the only
complete smart card solution available today," he said.
          "As an open-technology platform, we support the flexibility
MULTOS offers, and realize that by investing in MULTOS, we are
investing in the future of the industry," said Dudley Nigg,
executive vice president, Online Financial Services for Wells Fargo
Bank.  "It also enables us to truly differentiate ourselves by the
types of services we provide our cardholders."
          G. Henry Mundt III, MasterCard executive vice president, Global
Deposit Access, said the MULTOS technology offers distinct benefits
to members that other operating systems cannot.  "Unlike other chip
delivery platforms in the marketplace today, MULTOS provides our
members with multiple sources of interoperable cards - eliminating
any risk associated with being locked into a single silicon supplier
or card manufacturer."
          Mundt, who oversees MasterCard's smart card business, also
explained how members can use MULTOS to differentiate their services
to their cardholders.  "What a MULTOS-based card becomes to the
cardholder is a lifestyle card, allowing the consumer to include the
standard applications of credit and debit, along with other
personally selected applications such as Mondex electronic cash, an
airline loyalty program and a transit pass.  The ability for our
members to meet their cardholders' changing needs by adding or
deleting card applications that can be tailored in real time, through
the telephone, an ATM or across the Internet, is bringing the future
of money to life for the consumer, now,"  he added.
          MasterCard's global smart card strategy incorporates the
following features and deliverables:

@_date: 1997-05-19 23:35:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Mail bombs from "helpful" Cypherpunks 
My version of Eudora, and, I think, the freeware version also, has a little
check box in the "Checking Mail" settings dialog which lets you leave
messages over a certain size on the server, where you can delete them
without having to download them. Since I'm on about 100 mail lists at last
count, including, of course, the SET-dev list, where such godawful
cluelessness (including, BTW, the use of multimegabyte .pdf, Microsoft Word
, and ASN1 files :-)) is commonplace, I
have found this little checkbox a godsend.
I have mine set at 100k. It works for me.
Of course, Tim doesn't get to read this message, or any other, for that
matter, to do him any good this time around...
If we lived here, we'd be home now. Self reference is a dish best tasted
cold, I suppose.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-21 21:15:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Swiss Consortium Chooses RPK Fast Public Key Cryptosystem forNext Generation Wireless Electronic Transactions 
"'maujacca
Also see recent press coverage in Infoworld:
RPK announces deal for fast crypto with Swiss consortium
SET 2.0 on the way
PRESS RELEASE
For Release May 19, 1997
RPK, Inc.: 	Jack Oswald, +1 408.479.7874, joswald
ADESA, Inc.: 	Maurice Jaccard,+41 22.910.29.14, maujacca
Swiss Consortium Chooses RPK Fast Public Key Cryptosystem for Next
Generation Wireless Electronic Transactions
Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and ADESA, Inc. introduce HAWK
VLSI cryptography-enhanced processor
San Francisco, CA - RPK, Inc. announced today that a consortium of the
Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) and ADESA, Inc., a Swiss
application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) design firm have chosen the
RPK Fast Public Key Cryptosystem to provide strong cryptographic security
in a next generation wireless electronic transactions application.  At the
same time, EPFL and ADESA unveiled HAWK a new generation
cryptography-enhanced microprocessor specifically designed for use in high
speed/low power embedded applications.
"The RPK encryption technology won the design review after an extensive
evaluation of all existing cryptosystems based on well known and understood
cryptographic techniques," said Maurice Jaccard, Managing Director of
ADESA, Inc. "With RPK there are no compromises. We get uncompromised
security, high speed and low cost of implementation."
"RPK is a strong encryption technology based on well know and trusted
cryptographic techniques," said Jack Oswald, President and CEO of RPK Inc.
"Having RPK chosen by the Swiss for this breakthrough electronic-commerce
application is the strongest endorsement we could possibly achieve for the
RPK technology."
Wireless Electronic Transactions Application
The collaboration of RPK, EPFL and ADESA has resulted in a prototype
application that promises to become the "wallet of the future".  This new
wireless electronic transaction application may take the form of a credit
card, a watch or a key chain and will sport features analogous to the
leather wallets used today by billions of people worldwide.  Early designs
of the system allow the user to withdraw and hold cash in multiple
currencies, as well as, purchase and hold vouchers for hotels, planes and
car rentals all through the use of wireless communications technology.
Officials in charge of the project envision that such devices could also
become a personal key chain for gaining access to motor vehicles, offices
and dwellings, in addition to traditional credit card uses.
ADESA concluded that performance of the RPK implementation in the prototype
far exceeded existing smart card implementations based on the RSA and other
algorithms.  The RPK technology performs the necessary encryption functions
in less than 10 milliseconds using an 823-bit key compared to the best
performing RSA-based equivalents that require greater than 100 milliseconds
to perform the same type of function using a much weaker 512-bit key.  The
application is not limited to 823-bit keys.  The design of the system,
based on the new HAWK processor is flexible and can accommodate and process
various sized keys, smaller or larger than 823 bits based on downloadable
parameters.  ADESA officials explained that the simplicity of the RPK
algorithm makes it much simpler to implement than the popular RSA approach.
It was RPK's simplicity, offering a much faster and cheaper solution while
providing even higher security, that drove the choice over RSA for this
About the RPK Fast Public Key Cryptosystem
RPK is a relatively new public key cryptosystem  that is based on
mathematics widely used in cryptography today.  It was designed to be
immediately commercially viable without the years of study that a new area
of mathematics normally requires, such as the Elliptic Curve Cryptosystem
(ECC).  The source of the security for RPK is the same as that of
Diffie-Hellman key exchange, a widely used and well studied cryptographic
technique. RPK offers real advantages for high speed networking, SmartCard,
wireless communication applications as well as high volume software
processes such as credit card transactions.
RPK has at its core an invention called a Mixture Generator.  In the
preferred implementation, three fairly long linear feedback shift registers
are used.  This state machine has two modes of operation.  One that uses
the shift registers for exponentiation and the other as a generator of a
random stream of bits used in a combining phase for the actual encryption.
Effectively, RPK allows for the amortization of two "costly"
exponentiations over the entire length of a message because the core engine
is used to initially establish a secure state of the machine and then
switches modes to perform very high speed encryption.  This has been
referred to as a paradigm shift where the operation of encryption does not
require the costly calculations that an RSA or even an ECC implementation
would require for each block of data that is about the size of the key.
This mechanism can also be implemented in silicon quite efficiently such
that at high strength it is much cheaper to produce than alternative
technologies.  Finally, it is also possible to create a Mixture Generator
that is made up of Elliptic Curve groups which would provide a similarly
speedy and efficient initialization mode that could still produce high
speed encryption as noted above.
About the HAWK VLSI Crypto Processor
The HAWK VLSI cryptography-enhanced processor is the result of more than
three years of research and development conducted at the EPFL in Lausanne,
Switzerland in the area of high speed compression and encryption.  The HAWK
processor will benefit most cryptography implementations but is
particularly well suited for use with RPK.
"The HAWK processor is the most innovative approach that we have seen yet
for implementing cryptographic processes in silicon," said Bill Raike,
Chief Technology Officer for RPK Inc. and inventor of the RPK fast public
key cryptosystem.  "HAWK breaks the barrier for high speed, low cost, low
power and high strength encryption for embedded systems."
RPK, Inc. is a supplier of next generation fast public key encryption
technology.  RPK was invented and originally patented in New Zealand.  The
company is therefore unaffected by restrictive U.S. export rules.  RPK has
been successfully exported to virtually all countries of the world at high
strength.  The company's headquarters are based in San Francisco,
California, USA, with an offshore research and development center located
outside of Auckland, New Zealand. ADESA, Inc. is a leading ASIC design firm based in Geneva, Switzerland with
expertise in embedded and cryptographic applications.
EPFL is a leading teaching and research technical institute in Lausanne,
Switzerland.  The school is known for its work in advanced processor design.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-21 23:27:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: digital cc transactions, digital checks vs real digital   cash 
A force monopoly by any other is a nation state or is busy becoming one, to
mangle a few literary allusions.
Certainly the New York diamond market works this way. As do the NYSE, NASD,
Lloyds, etc. Eric Hughes called them "clubs". Reputation clubs, if you
will. The problem comes when your business is so large and centralized
(because of the hierarchical nature of networks where you have very
expensive human information "switches") that you can't know who you're
dealing with. Then it's easier to beat up on people who make the wrong
book-entries. By the way, most of these reputation clubs function best
where you have peer-to-peer trading contact. Geodesic markets, in other
words. Which, of course, is why geodesic markets with strong persistant
cryptographic repuations will probably go to things like reputation clubs,
or at least with on-line reputation registries operating much like Standard
and Poor's or Moody's or Dun and Bradstreet work today.
That's true. However, and of course no one has proven this yet, I think
that all the offsetting book-entries cost much more than a
spent-certificate registry.
Not at all. Before mainframe computing, and certainly before telegraphy,
all debt was held in unregistered, bearer certificate form. The bookeeping
load for modern registered shareholder book-entry settlement was impossible
to maintain. I claim that, now that we have bearer certificates in digital
form, the cost advantage of electronic digital bearer settlement over
electronic book-entry settlement will eventually kill the later off
I'm not sure I understand this sentence.
People are honest primarily because it's too much physical effort to be
otherwise. Consistantly lying takes up too much memory, for instance. :-).
The nice thing about digital bearer settlement, is that it allows you to be
honest without telling potentially hostile people everything you do.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-23 01:40:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: spam is a good thing (was Re: Spam IS Free Speech) 
As someone who has something on the order of 15 Eudora filters just for
Spamford himself (go take a look at whois for cyberpromo to see how domains
he has registered), this is easier said than done. I've taken to killing
his ip blocks, but that gets a lot of sites, TidBITS among them, in the
crossfire. You end up filtering *in* people who you want to see mail from,
which is an interesting logical conundrum...
I'm in favor of creating digital bearer certificate postage stamps, myself.
Don't care who sends me unsolicited e-mail, as long as they have to pay,
preferrably through the nose, for the privilege...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-23 01:50:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: from BoS: News about Sun and Elvis+ 
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Authentication-Warning: jekyll.piermont.com: [[UNIX: localhost]] didn't
use HELO protocol
Sender: owner-cryptography
I thought this would be of interest.
------- Forwarded Message

@_date: 1997-05-23 11:40:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: spam is a good thing (was Re: Spam IS Free Speech) 
The tragedy of the commons, of course, is that nobody owns it. :-).
Eric Hughes and his penny-roll experiments to the contrary...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-23 23:28:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Crypto use to foil law enforcement? 
For 35 years we've sown innumeracy, and now it's time to reap the harvest,
I'm afraid.
Heinlein once half-jokingly proposed that all voters have to prove they can
solve a quadratic before they can vote.
That joke's not so funny anymore.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-24 20:52:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell Complaint 
Of course, we could all just memorize it, and use it, um, liberally...
"It says here, Mr. Bell, that you were working in both Santa Clara and
Rockport on the same day. Can you explain that? What about all these bank
accounts with your SSID on them?"
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-27 22:27:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: The Internet as an Auction-Pricing Incubator 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                            Fred Hapgood
            "The Internet as an Auction-Pricing Incubator"
                        Tuesday, June 3, 1997
                              12 - 2 PM
                  The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                    One Federal Street, Boston, MA
                   Price, Including Luncheon: $30.00
The low transaction costs and interactivity of the internet are proving a
highly favorable incubator for auction pricing.  In April Yahoo reported
60+ sites supporting online auctions with more appearing every day. The
largest of these hosted more than 50,000 individual auctions (not
individual items) simultaneously and was growing at 25% a month.  Online
auction sites appear to be the only indigenous internet service that is a)
generating profits of any scale and b) respectable. Fred will describe how
these auctions work, some of their varieties, what they are selling,
analyze the online auction site as a business model, review recent
developments, and weigh the odds that online auctions will be associated
with changes of interest in the structure of the economy and the culture.
Fred Hapgood, , is a free-lance writer based
in Boston. While he often writes about aspects of electronic commerce, that
being where the market is, he promises creditworthy clients an attentive
and positive hearing to any proposition legal in at least one jurisdiction.
Last year he spoke before the DCSB on franchising and the internet.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, June 3, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, May 31, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00.
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
July      Win Treese           TLS, Digital Commerce, and Export Issues
August    Duncan Frissell      MarketEarth
September Christof Paar        Elliptic Curve Cryptography
October   Peter Cassidy        Military Fiat and Digital Commerce
November  Carl Ellison         Identity and Certification for Electronic
                                Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-28 06:22:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Liberty Cash 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: "R. Jason Cronk" Precedence: Bulk
More account based $%& from the US Post Office:
LibertyCash may look like a credit card, but it's not.  It's the
convenient new cash replacement card, available only from the United States
Postal Service.
No cash.  No checks.  Just a swipe of your LibertyCash Card and you're all
paid up.
The refillable card gives you the security of a PIN and is a real favorite
with the business crowd.  It's available in intial amounts from $5-$300 and
can be refilled to a maximum balance of $300.
The disposable card is perfect for your small purchases, and there's no PIN
to remember.  It's available in $10 and $20 amounts and, once it's spent,
you can throw the card away or keep it as a collectible.
Safer than cash.  Use a refillable card and we can easily replace it if
it's lost or stolen.  Just go to a participating post office, and we'll
transfer your remaining balance to a new card.  It's as simple as that.
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd:                "Digital Money Online"
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it! <
For e$/e$pam sponsorship, mail Bob: <mailto:rah
Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo <mailto:vinnie
(Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer<mailto:rachel
Commermeister: Anthony Templer <mailto:anthony
Interturge: Rodney Thayer <mailto:rodney
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-28 06:33:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: New Hampshire INTERNET SIG Meeting, Tuesday, June 3, 1997 
discuss
X-Mts: smtp
Sender: owner-isig
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: isig
When:    Tuesday June 3, 1997 7PM
Where:   Nashua, NH Public Library, 2 Court St, Nashua, NH.
Topic:   Technology and social consequences of digital commerce and
         financial cryptography.
Speaker: Robert Hettinga, founding moderator of the
         Digital Commerce Society of Boston.
The NH INTERNET SIG (Special Interest Group) welcomes you to its
monthly meeting, the first Tuesday of every month.
The next meeting
is on June 3rd and will focus on the technology and social
consequences of digital commerce and financial cryptography.
Mr. Hettinga is also general chair of Financial
Cryptography 1997, the world's first conference on Financial
Cryptography. However, financial cryptography, the technology which
underlies digital commerce in its most secure form, will have much
more profound implications than merely the simplification of sales and
distribution. It permits us to make anonymous *cash* transactions for
everything from a billion-dollar foriegn exchange trade to, probably,
the switching of internet packets themselves.  If this promise is
kept, it could change the fundamentals of our entire society.
Please check out Mr. Hettinga's web site:
This meeting promises to be fun and informative for both the technical
and non-technical computer users.
For more information contact Ken Adams at (603) 598-1823
eMail: director
For more information contact Jerry Feldman ,
NH-ISIG meeting coordinator..
Mailing list: nh-isig
WWW:          Directions to the Nashua Public Library
All parking if free after 5PM.
Take Route 3 North to Nashua. Take exit 5E, Route 111 East
(Kinsley St., There is a Howard Johnson's Motel at the exit).
Follow 111 East (Kinsley St.) to the fourth set of lights and Main
St. North. Turn left onto Main St. and at the third set of lights turn
right onto Temple St. Take Temple St. to 2nd left onto Cottage Avenue
(Behind Indian Head Plaza) into Library's metered parking lot.
Take the Everett Turnpike (Rte. 3) to Exit 7-E, 101A (Amherst St.)
Follow 101A to major intersection and turn right onto Main St. Follow
Main St. and turn left at the second set of lights onto Temple
St. Take Temple St. to 2nd left onto Cottage Avenue (Behind Indian
Head Plaza) into Library's metered parking lot.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-30 03:17:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Altered States. Transfer payment addiction, Le Infame, andPhil Dick's definition of reality. 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Precedence: Bulk
At 1:23 pm -0400 on 5/28/97, Bill Frantz wrote in cypherpunks:
For myself, I deplore the state's all-too-successful efforts to "provide"
that ultimate addictive substance, the transfer payment.
from electricity to sugar to helium, from deliberately mispriced federal
assets like lumber, water and mining rights, to indirect subsidies like the
tax-deductibility of mortgage interest and health "insurance", we use our
government to bleed money, initiative, and, ultimately, freedom from the
people who produce wealth and material well-being and give almost all of it
to people who do nothing but consume and obstruct. We've all become a
nation of innumerate dole-junkies, unaware of the economic consequences of
our actions because the state has hidden them behind a veil of
pseudoeconomics and political cynicism.
The heyday of Roman dole was nothing compared to the "compassion" we
increasingly have for ourselves.
So, like a lot of people, I hope and work for the day when that giant
mosquito on the Petomaine :-) river -- and its larvae in places like
Jefferson City -- starts sucking air instead of the economic and moral
lifeblood of people who actually work for a living. Then, maybe, this
nation of lotus eaters will wake up to the fact that we've no one to rely
upon but ourselves.
Science fiction author Phillip K. Dick said, "Reality is that which doesn't
go away when you change your mind." I would ammend it to say that reality
is that which is still there when transfer payments stop.
Voltaire used to end all his correspondence with "Death to Le Infame". "Le
Infame" translates as "the infamous thing". He was talking about the church
then, but nowadays it seems that *all* of us take communion at Our Lady of
the Federal Transfer Payment.
The end of opressive religeous control of society was the advent of
science, the enlightment, and the triumph of reason that resulted from
them. The founding of this country was part of that revolution.
Unfortunately, unreason shed its priestly vestments and immediately
counterattacked in the form of Rousseau, Robespierre and the French
revolution. Since then, through the mechanations of Rousseau's intellectual
decendants like Karl Marx, and lately, the people that Harold Bloom calls
the "School of Resentment", nation states have justified more and more
oppression in the interest of unobtainable mirages like "equality" and
"security", and in perverting words like "fairness" and "justice" to mean
envy and arbitrary confiscation.
The very touchstone of reason in political thought, this country's
constitution, is now standing on the bottom of a vast lake of irrational
statist excrement, with its nose barely above the waterline.
Sometimes, I think that, when we can breathe no longer, and we try to
return to the shore of reason, we'll forget the swimming lessons the
founding fathers and the philosophes of the enlightenment taught us. That
we'll drown in our own sloth, envy, resentment, and, more important, lack
of faith in ourselves.
However, most of the time, I'm much more optimistic. I believe that the
increasing ubiquity of all information, and, more important, the means for
each person to competitively process that information himself to get
independently replicable results, will create a world where people and
their computing technology become the equivalent of scientists, testing and
verifying facts about the world themselves, rather than having reality
served to them on a lotus leaf.
The operative word in that Proustian sentence was "competitively". That
means markets for everything which can be put into ones and zeroes and sent
on a network, which in turn means instant settlement and clearing of those
transactions, and, most important, a myriad of autonomous economic entities
operating in efficient, competitive, auction markets for that information.
Fortunately, we have the technology, in the form of things like the blind
signature algorithm, public key cryptography, Moore's law and geodesic
networks, to make this happen. I believe that we actually have no economic
choice, and so it will happen. It's as if we have found the dole-receptors
in our economic neurochemistry, and soon our transfer payment addiction
will be a thing of the past.
"Reality is that which doesn't go away when you change your mind."
Kicking an addiction is by definition a mind-altering experience. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-30 22:25:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: relevance to Hayek research? 
Greg Ransom just set my subscription to Hayek-L to "review" because of the
DCSB announcement I sent both there and to AustrianEcon. Since I figure
that this posting probably won't see the light of day on Hayek-L, I'll just
send it here to AustrianEcon instead. :-). Of course, I'm not complaining,
really. Greg can do anything he wants with Hayek-L. I mean, he owns it; the
internet being alloidial, and all. But, I thought I'd clear the air here a
little bit about why I thought the June DCSB meeting would be useful to
people both on AustrianEcon, and, even :-), Hayek-L.
Wow. I feel like a method actor or something. Say hello to Mr. Stanislawski
for me, would you, Greg?
Yeah. Anything that smacks the least bit of capitalism should be strictly
avoided in such an academic setting. Hey, even *I* understand that one.
;-). If it's any consolation, DCSB really *is* just a bunch of people who
get together to have lunch on first Tuesday of the month. It's not like I'm
leveraging the old Harvard Club membership to create a massive personal
fortune, or something. :-).
I do confess that I sent the announcement to both place, and mostly on
impulse, because I thought people in the Austrian economics trade would
want to hear about a relatively unique economic phenomenon on the net,
particularly as it reveals interesting things about how the net's
decreasing the "latency" of money changes, or at least better defines, all
kinds of transaction processes, and, maybe, the underlying economics of
Not only do the type of instantaneous, continuous, digital cash-settled
recursive auctions that Fred Hapgood is going to talk about at the June 3rd
DCSB meeting have the potential to remove any need for copyright law on the
internet, which I'll get to in a moment, but they're the tip of the iceberg
for something waaay bigger.  The technology behind the digital cash these
recursive auctions will eventually use is all by itself a nation-state
killer. In the long run, anyway.
Since the strongest form of David Chaum's "ecash"
 digital bearer certificate transaction
settlement protocol doesn't require book-entries, it doesn't require the
force monopoly of a nation-state to backstop its transaction clearing
process. There's a quote which might be useful here. It's from FC97, the
first conference on Financial Cryptography, which we held in Anguilla this
February and (plug, plug) a conference I had the good fortune think up ;-)
. Doug Barnes, a fellow cypherpunk and now
the Marketing VP for C2Net, a pioneering financial cryptography company in
Berkeley , said, during the legal session, "It's a bad
idea when your internet payment protocol, in one of its terminating steps,
says, 'and then you go to jail'".  See my web page,
, for more details about this kind of stuff if
you're interested. Also, see the debate I had in March with someone from
the American Banking Association about the subject of digital bearer
certificate technology. It's on HotWired's Brain Tennis site,
. Remember that, due to to the structure of
the debate, he got in the last word, though. :-).
Now you can see why the war cry for most of my cypherpunk crypto-anarchist
financial cryptography developer friends is "write software, not laws."
That sounds pretty Hayekian, I'd say.
Last September I was on the law enforcement panel, of all things, at the
Institute, nee Office (go, Newt!), of Technology Assessment's "Symposium on
the Regulation of Digital Cash". This thing was held in a conference room
deep in the bowels of the Capitol Building. Yech. Talk about the lion's
den. Anyway, they had me speaking, dead last in the whole symposium,
immediately after the Justice Department's brand-new, wet-behind-the-ears
and freshly-lobbied-for-by-the-EFF Assistant Attorney General for "computer
crime", whatever that is. And, before him, and more to the point for our
discussion here, spoke the Assistant Director of FinCEN. FinCEN stands for
the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, a truly amazing government agency
which has the ability to tell anyone with a credit card or checking account
not only what his current bank balance is, but, through perfectly legal
"administrative requests" to his bank, what his, say, total clothing and
grocery expenditures were last year, categorized by store. Couple that with
those wonderfully subpoenable scanner cards at your supermarket, and I
would say that Orwell almost has his revenge with us, eaten very cold
indeed, for being so far behind schedule with '1984'.
Anyway, there I was, at ground zero, in the very belly of the beast, and,
if I do say so myself, I was a wonder to behold. I scared them so bad that
the everyone's eyes actually bugged out. Their jaws really bounced on the
floor a few times in true Tex Avery fashion. Proving, once again, that
cartoon physics really is the only kind of science they allow inside the
Washington Beltway.
I told the assembled unholy host of legislative aides, beltway bandits, and
various other corridor-crawling symbionts to Le Infame Moderne that David
Chaum's blind signature patent created  fully anonymous digital cash
(issued by private free banks, mind you), something they vaguely knew
already and were gathered there to try to stop. But, even more frightening
to statists everywhere, it was quite a simple matter, really, to use the
same cryptographic protocol to create anonymously held digital *bearer*
forms of any negotiable instrument you could care to imagine: bonds,
stocks, futures, or any derivative thereof. I told them Perry Metzger's
joke about "Gold Denominated Burmese Opium Futures". That was good for a
titter or two of nervous laughter...
Remember, of course, that, and increasingly so, most assets are financial,
and thus completely convertable to digital bearer form if the transaction
protocol for them turns out to be significantly cheaper than the book-entry
settlement methods of the status quo. After all, it wasn't too long ago in
financial history that paper bearer certificates were the norm. There's a
lot of cultural memory still there. The word "coupon" as a synonym for bond
interest is a perfect case in point.
Then came the real bombshell. The guy from FinCEN absolutely agreed that if
the transaction costs of digital bearer certificates proved to be an order
of magnitude (or, say, three) lower than book entries, which I claim they
will be (without proof, of course, just yet ;-)),  FinCEN would be pretty
much out of business. The whole "crime" of money laundering would become
the equivalent of a "legislated" value for Pi. An example which, I might
add, proves Avery's Laws of Cartoon Physics, um, reigns, in legislative
bodies the world over, and not just inside the Beltway.
"Actually, it's worse than that, ladies and gentlemen," I said, quoting
myself. "Virtually *all* of the current tax infrastructure is based upon
book-entries and the necessity of audit trails to verify tax compliance:
capital gains, income and sales taxes, even import duties. Those audit
trails are there primarily to prevent non-repudiation in the execution of a
transaction protocol, that is, all the double-entry bookeeping between the
buyer and the seller and the financial intermediary(ies) underwriting the
trade. Those audit trails are *not* there to enforce taxes, believe it or
not." They didn't get the point, so I drove it home. I said, "Without the
requirement to prevent non-repudiation (and, I ask you, when was the last
time you had a cash transaction fail to clear?), the marginal cost of tax
compliance will become unsustainable over time. Uncle, and his relations
elsewhere, are all going to have to figure out something else to tax, in
other words. Now, *what*, exactly, do you need all that money for?"
I had all the right people standing up and yelling at me at question time,
so I knew I was on to something. :-).
So, somewhere, Greg, I think Dr. Hayek must be laughing out loud.
That's why this kind of stuff might be important to your readership.
Oh. Yeah. I forgot. The actual topic of this missive. What's a "recursive
Jason Cronk, who subscribes to AustrianEcon, by the way, did a talk on them
at the rump-session of, you guessed it, FC97 in Anguilla. Ian Grigg, a
major free banking fan, and also a subscriber, presented an idea which is
exactly the obverse(?) for *his* paper, which was accepted for the main
conference session. Ian's paper dealt with a way to organize the "buy" side
of the same process.  Springer Verlag will be publishing the conference
proceedings sometime this summer, and I'll announce that here, if there's
Anyway, a recursive auction market, for lack of a better analogy, is kind
of like institutionalized software piracy. I create something new and
digital. I go on the net, and I sell the first copy to the highest bidder.
Then I sell the next copy to the next bid, which, of course, is probably
lower than the first. I keep on doing this until people stop bidding. Of
course, everyone who buys what I'm selling can turn right around and sell
it to someone else in turn, probably at a lower price than they bought it
from me.  This is the only instance I can think of where buying high and
selling low makes you money. ;-). Well, on an item-price basis, anyway.
Obviously, the total return is higher on the sell side than the buy side,
or nobody would be foolish enough to buy anything from you for resale.
Just by forgetting the whole quasimystical issue of "rights" to electronic
intellectual property (which, like the current "intellectual capital"
craze, is, at best, a polite regulatory fiction), timeliness of content is
rewarded, as is novelty, which keeps people who create new stuff right on
cranking it out. A person who's invested in a big switch and bandwidth, or
who has the most valuable use of any other kind, can afford to pay more for
earlier, "fresher", copies of something than someone without the same
net.resources. Because, for instance, in the case of the person with all
the bandwidth, he can resell copies faster than anyone else. A person who
doesn't need something badly can wait a while and pick it up at a lower
price after the initial feeding frenzy's over.  Finally, the person who
continually invents something new gets paid as soon as something he makes
becomes usable to anybody at all. The things which get sold can be anything
from a jotted down brainstorm, to the first draft of a novel, to more
perishible "content", like an hour of teleoperated surgery, say.
So, for works of art, whatever that means, copyright law becomes
superfluous. More to the point, given sufficient attention to such matters,
*all* parties in recursive auction transactions can be completely
anonymous, and everything still works. I mean, when was the last time you
had to produce identification for a cash transaction? Okay, besides at the
bank, and even then for deposits greater than $10k. That's the very
exception which proves the rule, obviously. Cartoon physics comes to
banking. Remember, again, book-entries cause book-entry taxation and
regulations, not vice versa.
Anyway, whether at the increasingly hysterical legislative cartoons, or
because of the now sandy foundations of the nation state, again, Hayek,
somewhere, *must* be laughing, Greg.
Bob Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
(among other things...)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-30 22:16:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PGPlib-0.2 available 
Reply-To: tage
Sender: pgplib-announce-owner
Precedence: list
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Announcing PGPlib-0.2
We are pleased to announce a new verison of PGPlib.  You can obtain
the newest version (that is 0.2 as of today) from
In short, you will find a library that enables your software to read
and write "packages" which can be decrypted and/or verified by means
of PGP.  In other words, you can incorporate PGP compatibility in your
software without having to run PGP.
When you uncompress and un-tar the file, you will obtain four files in
the CURRENT directory.  These files are
It is described in README how to verify the release you have obtained,
how to unpack, what you will actually get when you unpack, and so on.
What is there for you
PGPlib is a library that lets you generate (and manipulate) PGP
packets without having to run PGP.  In particular there is code to
generate and understand the following types of PGP packets:
   - Literal with filename, mode, etc.  You can create literate
     packages from files, or from buffers, and create files from
     literate packets;
   - Convential encrypted (IDEA with Zimmermann's context sensitive
     feedback).  The library can both read (decrypt) and write
     (encrypt) convential packets (in PGP format);
   - Armor.  You can (de)armor a buffer or a file into a buffer or a
     file;
   - UserID packets are read and written in a variety of formats;
   - Keys can be obtained from a database (which is provided) or by
     parsing keyrings.  Keys can be kept in buffers or on files;
   - You can maintain a PGP public-key database (I use this library to
     maintain a database with ~40.000 keys).  There is code to use DBM
     as supplied from Berkeley or, if you prefer, GDBM from GNU;
   - You can verify RSA signatures on public keys and on buffers
     (files);
   - You can encrypt data (file or buffer) with public keys.  The DEK
     is naturally written as a separate packet;
   - With a secret key you can sign other keys and buffers.  Keys can
     be read from databases or files; they are decrypted on the fly.
We have made a small program that will (de)armor anything, a parser to
parse PGP files (including decryption and so on), a shell to
manipulate a keydatabase, a keyserver to run on top of such a
database, a program to verify signatures on keys and/or files, a
program to split keyrings in smaller parts and a program that will
sign files for you.  You will find all these (and more) in the
applications/ directory.  None of these uses PGP, the library provides
all the functionality you need.
What you need
   - You must have the SSLeay library as I have not implemented any
     cryptographic functionality; I hope SSLeay is a good choice. I
     did not major in mathematics and can thus not judge the quality
     of their work, although it looks solid (to me).  I link with their
     version 0.6.6.  I rely on SSLeay for great many things, in
     particular their BIGNUMs, RSA encryption and IDEA.  I use
     "fprintf(stderr" when problems occur, but integration into the
     SSLeay "error-system" might happen.  You can obtain SSLeay from:
        * ftp://ftp.psy.uq.oz.au/pub/Crypto/SSL/ - SSLeay source
        * ftp://ftp.psy.uq.oz.au/pub/Crypto/SSLapps/ - SSL applications
        *  - SSLeay Programmer
          Reference
     SSLeay is quite large and I only use a fraction of it.  On the
     other hand, SSLeay seems to be well maintained and their
     crypto-library might very well shrink or become more modular as
     time passes.
Your Feedback
   Your feedback is solicited.  Peter Simons  has
   created a mailinglist for PGPlib.  To subscribe, send an e-mail to
   the address pgplib-dev-request and write the
   command SUBSCRIBE into the BODY. If you want to be subscribed under
   a different address than the one you're mailing from, you can also
   use SUBSCRIBE yourname to do the trick.  To post to
   the list, send an e-mail to pgplib-dev as usual.
   There is also an pgplib-announce  Subscribe by
   sending an e-mail to pgplib-announce-request with
   SUBSCRIBE in the body.  The latter list will be very low-volume.
   If you write a nice application based on this library (the ultimate
   feedback :-), please feel free to send it to  me and I will include
   it in the next release;
Where to get PGPlib
COPYRIGHT  (yum, yum)
   The library and included applications are all available under
   "Berkely style" copyright terms.  Basically, this means that it is
   FREE for commercial and non-comercial use, and that you can do
   almost anything with the code.  The only thing you can not do is to
   say that you wrote it.  See the file COPYING for details.
Let's go to work
   I hope you like it, that you find is useful, that you will find no
   bugs, and that you will provide valuable feedback by means of the
   mailing list.
      Tage Stabell-Kul
      Castelmaggiore, Italy
      30. May 1997

@_date: 1997-05-31 11:02:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Janus (now called LPWA) ready for pre-testing) 
Hi Robert,
the Janus system I presented at FC97 is now running on
a proxy at Bell Labs, accessible to everyone.
Maybe you can send the announcement below to the
fc97 mailing list?
Many thanks and I hope everything is fine with you,
   -- Alain
Janus (now called the Lucent Personalized Web Assistant, LPWA) is now
Its main goal is to increase convenience, security, and privacy for browsing
the web, especially with sites that require registration (and hence user
names, passwords and e-mail addresses).
We hope that you will use it for a while and give us some feedback on what you
like and what kind of things are annoying. Note, that you can only participate
if you are able to configure your browser to directly connect to our proxy.
Some of you might be behind a firewall or ISP where a particular proxy is
Instructions can be found at More on the project is located at
An arbitrary list of (free) sites which require registration can be found at
Please note that this project has not yet been publicy announced and that
documentation and code are currently being revised. Also, the current set-up,
where you have to connect to LPWA/Janus over an insecure connection is not
"optimal" (to say the least, but all in all much better than if you browse
the "usual way"). Hence, we are really looking for "friendly users" at this
time whose feedback might help us to make improvements.
  -- Alain
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-05-31 10:57:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Elliptic Curve Rumor 
I assume you will pass this information on.  Please don't associate my name
with it.
I have heard that Apple has a working implementation of Elliptic Curve
Cryptography.  Because of the export regulations they don't want to include
it in their products.  If anyone wants to try to change their minds, now
would be a good time.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-02 08:28:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Economist on Net.Auctions 
Comments: Please report misuse of this automated remailing service to
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: nobody (Huge Cajones Remailer)
no earth-shattering revelations, but tuesday's audience should do their
class reading for the pop quiz..
                              Going, going . . .
   THE Internet may have been the playground of the geeks for the past
   few decades, but its future belongs to an even more child-like tribe:
   economists. The network is becoming the ideal marketplace, where
   legions of buyers and sellers, both armed to the teeth with relevant
   information, can set prices as efficiently as any trading floor. As a
   result, market theories that have long been confined to
   business-school computer simulations can now have their day of
   reckoning as real people exchange real goods and money on-line.
   Nowhere is this better seen than with the economists' favourite sort
   of market: auctions.
        More than 150 auction sites are now open on the Web, selling
   everything from industrial machinery to rare stamps. Airlines such as
   Cathay Pacific and American have auctioned spare seats on their Web
   sites. AuctionWeb, which is a mixture of a classified-ad service and
   an auction room for people selling everything from rare Barbie dolls
   to barbecue grills, conducted 330,000 auctions on-line in the first
   quarter of this year alone. Onsale, the largest on-line auction
   service and one of the few profitable ones, sells $6m worth of
   computer equipment and electronic goods a month. Last month it became
   the first on-line auction firm to hit the stockmarket, going public at
   a valuation of nearly $100m.
        The Internet's chief advantage for auctioneers is the size of its
   audience. Its global reach brings a critical mass of buyers and
   sellers to the most popular auction sites, avoiding the problem of
   insufficient trading that bedevils many of their cousins in the
   physical world. Indeed, quick, easy virtual auctions carry a hint of
   the sort of hyper-efficient capitalism that Internet fans have long
   been promised.
read the rest at For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-02 08:25:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Beltway piglets and other barnyard animals 
The actual contribution of Mr. Rotenberg and his organization to the cause
of freedom on the net, in this country, and around the world, can be found
precisely in a competant analysis of above bit of semantic nonsense. That
is, it is nil, if not negative.
Given his past outrageous failures, and his persistant attempts to waste
whatever reputation he now has left, remarks like the above finally prove
the trust people had for him and the organizations he has run was
completely misplaced. A reputation, I might add, literally *donated* to him
by thousands of people and companies, who all believed in and trusted him
*personally* to keep the Uncle Sam the Inquisitor out of their lives on the
net. He has now squandered all of it with the demonstrable cluelessness
found in the above bit of self-serving emeticism.
First, he led EFF to ignominious defeat with the digital telephony bill,
and now, like some kind of political gremlin, emerging unscathed after
engineering *that* jumbo-jet plane crash, he starts up EPIC, where he
slipstreams no-brainer ACLU court cases like CDA to stay in the beltway
pelleton. Now, as if to demonstrate once and for all his utter moral and
legislative vacuity on the breakaway, he tries to "legislate" spam out of
As if such a Carrolesque tactic like criminalizing internet spam was
economically, much less physically possible at all. I'd laugh, if it
weren't the kind of low scientific comedy found in totalitarian
dictatorships the world over. "Scientists" like Lysenko come to mind, as
does Marx, for that matter.
Hell, I'm a congenital Republican myself, and I've lived in quite a few
yellow-dog Democratic towns, including the one where I now live. I love a
good neighborhood political pissing match as much as the next guy. However,
Mr. Rotenberg's cynicism, as betrayed by that remark, goes way beyond the
fine old tradition of American political gamesmanship, and points straight
to the heart of the cesspool that has become public life as we know it
That's because what we have evolved in this country is the ne plus ultra of
legislative sophistry, if not political fraud. (As if *that* phrase wasn't
already redundant...) If the ruling elite in this country was ever crazy
enough to turn the RICO statute on itself, EPIC would be behind bars, along
with Archer Daniels Midland, with the AARP, and all the other beltway
piglets, each of them  poking their little trotters into the eye of the
next one in line, hoping for a governmental sow's teat of their own to suck
Tim May has said it here before, but it bears repeating. The way a
"lobbyist" stays in business is to threaten an otherwise innocent group of
people with the power of real or imagined legislative coersion. The
"constituents" then pay extortion to the legislature in the form of
outright campaign contributions through a political action comittee, or by
showing up at "voluntary" fundraisers on behalf of collusionary
legislators, or through soft-dollar labor ("research", for instance) that
the lobbyist does for "free" on the legislator's behalf. The lobbyist takes
a commission on all this cashflow in the form of his salaries and operating
expenses. If the "constituent" is lucky, the legislation goes away until
more money is required, whereupon the extortion begins anew with more
trumped-up legislative excressance. This would be fine, I suppose, business
is business, except that the principal measure of *any* legislator's
performance (besides, of course, voting his most active supporters as much
largesse from the public trough as possible) is the *quantity* of
legislation he produces. I mean, you can't have a voting record if there's
nothing to vote on. So, the very best any "constituent" caught in this
racheting spiral of extortion can hope for is to slow the pace at which the
legal noose tightens around his neck. The Digital Telephony/CDA flap is a
prime example of this, and Mr. Rotenberg either was charitably an unwitting
dupe in this process, or, if one were to take a cynical turn of mind,
gleeful at its eventual effect on his bottom line.
Eventually, a businessman so afflicted with such parasitism goes out of
business unless he can afford to utterly corrupt the legislator into going
away permanently, which only works until the legislator retires. More
likely, the business simply gives up and begins to operate as a criminal
enterprize. Using the legislature to kill his business competition, maybe.
Cargill and Archer Daniels Midland do this with agricultural commodity
subsidies and hyperregulation, and the largest Florida sugar companies have
this down to a science. Remember what Milton Friedman said: increasing
government regulation only raises the barriers to market entry and thus
only benefits the survivors in the regulated industry -- never the
consumer. Rockefeller held on to his monopoly in oil just by paying the
government to look the other way when he did something other oil companies
were being punished for. Duke did the same thing with tobbacco.
I'll say it here so there's no confusion about the matter: "Anti-Trust" is
just another legislative shell-game, because *no* business monopoly can
exist without government collusion, usually from the legislative branch,
though the executive can always be had for a price as well. Bill Gates went
to Martha's Vinyard before the last election to talk to Comrade Bill, and,
guess what? No more antitrust action. Anyone want to wager on the size of
the contribution, legal or otherwise? Again, the threat of "Anti-trust"
action is just the way that governments tell the monopolies they've
colluded to create that their graft bill is past due.
Anyway, I *would* say that this kind of extortion by government and
lobbyists would probably fall under the RICO statute if it were ever used,
except, of course, the RICO statute itself is, after the constitutional
ammendment which permitted the creation of the Internal Revenue Service,
probably the single largest attack on freedom this country has ever seen.
So, what *can* be done about spam? Easy. Write code, not law. My bet is on
some form of digital postage, myself. $MTP, if you will. But, there's no
way to solve the problem of spam except by writing code, whatever solution
emerges eventually, and that's the crux of even the simplest analysis of
Mr. Rotenberg's statement at the top of this message.
Certainly any attempt by Mr. Rotenberg and his fellow barnyard residents to
impose legislative fantasy on top of the economic and physical reality of
the net is at best delusional Lysenkoism, and, at worst, political
parasitism in it's purest form.
In other words, Mr. Rotenberg, bunk.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-02 10:54:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Beltway piglets and other barnyard animals 
Actually, I don't give a squalling fuck whether he reads it or not. :-).
Anything said to Piglet won't matter much. That which is said to
cypherpunks, on the other hand, is a different matter entirely.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-02 11:38:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Creating a unique ID number for a dollar 
I'll bite.
1. Take a dollar.
2. Write down the serial number.
3. Burn the dollar.
Can you say "seignorage"?
I knew you could...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-02 21:20:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Same as it ever was.
It's a common rhetorical device used by totalitarian fellow-travellers
everywhere. Call something its opposite and destroy its objective meaning
in the process.
Orwell's "Freedom is Slavery" line is the best example I can think of.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-02 22:44:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Australian explosion explained... 
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-03 02:38:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg or Berman?  (was  Re: e$: Beltway piglets and otherbarnyard animals) 
Woops. Damn. And I was having so much fun with that plasma cannon, too. :-).
In my own defense, I have to say that it's easy to get all those
net.piglets confused, with them all piled up on top of each other at the
Washington sowbelly like that...
Nonetheless, even if I, um, revise and extend, the offending acronymous 30
words or so, it doesn't change what I said at all in the rest of my little
outburst of vitriol.
It certainly doesn't change my opinion about Mr. Rotenberg, or Mr. Berman,
or anyone else "fighting" for my "rights" at a rubber-chicken banquet, or
at a cocktail party, or on golf junket somewhere...
Dr. Froomkin, who I admire and respect very much, may call remarks like
those cannibalism (nice Carib indian word, cannibal), but for myself, I
prefer to think of it as Texas barbeque. :-).
Here, Micheal, have some of those baby back ribs over there. I just made
them myself. Just a touch of habanero in the sauce (and Pearl beer, of
course) makes all the difference in the world.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-04 23:06:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg or Berman?  (was  Re: e$: Beltway piglets and otherbarnyard animals) 
To quote that great Tory, the late Francis Uquhart: "You may say that. I
couldn't *possibly* comment."
Of course dear old FU usually used that phrase in false denial. I have no
such intention here...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-05 22:22:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Password pirates plunder XXX sites, from The Netly News 
And, of course, the penultimate solution to the *whole* problem is cash
payment for every video feed. :-).
In addition, if the government was out of the copyright/patent
monopoly-granting business (for some reason ;-)), you could even
re-distribute these things with recursive auctions. The person who has
posession of a whole MPEG file copy then has more incentive to just resell
his copy, again for cash, and probably for multiple times, than to give it
away and not get even some of his money back.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-06 04:06:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: The greater fool theory of Digicash, quantified, roughly 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Precedence: Bulk
At 10:18 pm -0400 on 6/4/97, Tim May wrote on cypherpunks:
Sheesh. Silly "exemptions" to seller anonymity like this one indicate to me
that Chaum & Co. will *never* license the blind signature patent to anyone
with an actual useful purpose for it.
We're all going to have to sit around for another 10 years until that
patent's unencumbered for there to be any valid market for anonymous
digital cash -- or the other kinds of instantly-settled digital bearer
certificates that the patent enables. I suppose that's justice, as it means
that Chaum & Co. aren't going to make any money on the blind signature
patent, either.
If they don't wake up, that 10 years will be over soon enough. In about 5
years or so, just about the time this round of financing fantasy runs out,
potential developers will probably just decide to stick it out for the
remaining 5 years they don't have to pay a royalty. Digicash, Inc., will
become yet another a $10 million (at last estimate) technology rathole.
That $10 million, of course, doesn't include the current purchasers of the
technology, who are being left high and dry by Digicash's inability to
understand what market they are in.
First a bank, then a software company, now a credit card association
equivalent (onk?!), Digicash never has figured out that the only thing they
are is a financial cryptography company. The first, and best, of course,
but still financial cryptographers. Like Dolby, they should only license
and certify applications of the technology they invent. Period. Chaum could
have done that easily enough, say, $9.5 million and 10 years ago. He would
have gotten to keep all the family money he sunk into fun stuff like the
Digicash Building in the Netherlands and sales offices all over the planet,
because all he needed were a few cryptographers and licensing lawyers. He
would have probably gotten at least triple the $9.5 million of shareholder
equity that he wasted, all back in actual revenue over the intervening
years. Without spending a dime more in further capitalization. He would
have gotten a gross return on that $500k 1987 investment of say,
(30mil/500k ) = 6000%, just on earnings alone. If he went public in the
interim, a conservative estimate of market capitalization, assuming a
simple linear revenue growth curve (yielding a current revenue of $6
million a year) and a very conservative P/E ratio of 10, gives us
(6mil*10)= $60million. That's probably before the internet commerce
hockey-stick earnings kicked in, much less the rediculuous Netscape-era P/E
ratios internet companies now command. In engage in a little market-speak,
"what an incredible bungle of a unique value proposition". ;-).
Anyway, the Greater Fool Theory of Digicash has been proven once again,
with Chaum's own words as relayed by Mr. May.
Now maybe we know why J. Pierpont Morgan fired Edison from General Electric.
Hmmm... And why Negroponte fired *Chaum*?
Hey! Maybe there is hope?
Notice, of course, that Dr. Dolby (or his estate and heirs) probably still
owns his company, and is doing very well, thank you.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-06 23:21:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: NYT on German Net Police 
Wow. What an opportunity for street theater *that* might be...
Anyone up for a little road-trip?
Yeah, I know. Everyone *else* has a *job*, or something... :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-06 23:35:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: The greater fool theory of Digicash, quantified, roughly 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Precedence: Bulk
The paradox, of course, is that money is just a way of keeping score. :-).
If Chaum's aim was to make the blind signature patent as ubiquitous as
possible, he's failed just as miserably as if he were trying to make money
on it.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-07 08:02:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: First shots in Smart Wars 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: iang
Precedence: Bulk
the smart wars have started.  This recently erupted in the Dutch press
after bubbling along in the committee rooms for the last year.
What follows is a translation and I may have lots of errors in there...
This is significant because it signals a new phase in the industry of
head-to-head competition for reputation and market share, using all the
FUD and scare tactics that big ignorant players have available to them.
At this point we can conclude that anyone who is not already fielding
systems has probably missed the boat.  Although this is only a boat
travelling up the Amstel for now, there are some famous people waving
tearfully from the wharf.
It doesn't necessarily mean the end of DBBs as they are a concept
that promise efficiency gains over the current mechanism.  But it
does mean that it will be a long drawn out battle, as any usage of
same must be supported by other innovations in order to compete with
large, well-heeled and scared competitors.
On Wednesday, Postbank announced introduction of the combined debit-card
and Chipper-chip with two codes: one PIN code (as meant in ISO 9564-1) and
one chipcode (10202-6). The PIN code is for debit-cards with magstripe and
the chipcode for using the smartcard functionality (including purse). They
stated that using two codes was a requirement from the central bank and
that they were suprised that the other smartcard initiative (chipknip) was
allowed to use only one code for both debit-card and purse-application.
DNB (the Dutch National Bank) were asked for comment (Wednesday) and they
denied that they instructed Postbank to use two codes. Postbank did not
want to explain any further in the open press about why they chose 2 codes
and kept on referring to DNB.  Meanwhile a spokesman for RABO, one of the
banks in the competing initiative, spoke out publicly (and frequently) that
chipknip only used one code and that there was no requirement to use two
codes for the two applications. The spokesman also stated that it would be
possible to use this one code in a user's smart card "home-loading" devices
(the so-called 'chipknipper').
On Thursday (so in the Friday newspapers) DNB informed the press that DNB
uses international standards as a reference point in their review of card
schemes. Operators of schemes make their own decisions within the framework of
these standards. DNB only checks, depending on the choice made, which part
of the standards apply and whether the implementation complies to the
relevant part of the standard. The ISO-standards used will basically relate the
use of a code to the security level of loading device. If a scheme operator
chooses to synchronize the chipcode with the PIN-code, the more stringent
PIN-code protection regime applies for that chipcode: it should be
physically secure instead of merely tamper-evident.
DNB stated that in the case of PIN-synchronisation one could view the use of
loading terminals in or attached to banks as compliant with the ISO
standards. DNB also stated that in the case of PIN-synchronization it had
not been demonstrated that other (home-loading) equipment would comply with
the requirements in the international standards.
Volkskrant, the Dutch daily newspaper, concluded that RABO might want to
reconsider using one code, since the use of this code in a home environment
did not seem to comply with international standards. Trouw, another daily,
analyzed that in the chipcard battle Postbank had scored a point as they
were able to use their chipper in home environments with the chipcode and
other banks obviously were not in that position. RABO meanwhile continued
to state that they would roll out the home-loading devices at the end of
the year and that these devices were technically superior, which would be
the reason that no other code was necessary.
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd:                "Digital Money Online"
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it! For e$/e$pam sponsorship, mail Bob: Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-07 21:01:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: IETF-TLS, Exporting Financial Cryptography, and theProspects for SET 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                             Win Treese
                          Open Market, Inc.
      "Security Standards, Policy, and Projects: A Personal View"
                        Tuesday, July 1, 1997
                              12 - 2 PM
                  The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                    One Federal Street, Boston, MA
                   Price, Including Luncheon: $30.00
In this talk, Win will discuss three areas of recent work related
to security:
1. History, status, and future of the Transport Layer Security
    Working Group of the IETF. This working group has been
    moving SSL into an Internet Standard.
2. Experiences with gaining approval for exporting Internet
    commerce products with strong cryptography.
3. History, status, and future of the Secure Electronic Transactions
    protocol, from the point of view of a developer of Internet
    commerce products.
Win Treese is Director of Security at Open Market, which provides products
and services for Internet commerce. He has been with the company since it
began operation in 1994, working primarily on the security and payment
architecture across its product line. He also chairs the Transport Layer
Security Working Group of of the IETF. Prior to joining Open Market, he was
with the Cambridge Research Lab of Digital Equipment Corporation. He also
served as Chief Systems Engineer at MIT's Project Athena.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, July 1, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, June 28, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00.
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
August    Duncan Frissell      MarketEarth
September Christof Paar        Elliptic Curve Cryptography
October   Peter Cassidy        Military Fiat and Digital Commerce
November  Carl Ellison         Identity and Certification for Electronic
                                Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-09 04:36:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FC97 in July Wired 
About the third thing I imagined, after imagining the world's first
financial cryptography conference, and, better yet, having it on Anguilla
in February; and, after imagining it as Wired's featured 'Deductible
Junket'; was imagining a nice feature article in Wired on the conference
after it was all over.
Thanks to Charles Platt, I now figure I can die and go to heaven, as all
three have happened. :-). Out of Town Newspapers in Harvard Square says
they'll have the July Wired next Friday. It appears that Vince gets a
subscription down in Anguilla, which got there yesterday, and probably
everywhere else, I reckon. So, the checks may take 90 days to clear in
Anguilla, but at least the mail gets there on time...
Stay tuned for details (as we imagine them :-)) about FC98, and about the
FC97 conference proceedings, which should be published by Springer-Verlag
this summer.
Bob Hettinga,
General Chairman,
Financial Cryptography, 1997/98,
Anguilla, BVI
P.S. if you, or anyone you know, is interested in FC98 sponsorship or
exhibition space opportunities, please contact me.
--- begin forwarded text
Resent-Date: Sun, 8 Jun 1997 08:57:10 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: online.offshore.com.ai: list set sender to
fc97-request using -f
Resent-From: fc97
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/57
X-Loop: fc97
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: fc97-request
The July issue of Wired magazine has an article about the Financial
Cryptography 97 conference held in Anguilla.
    -- Vince
 Vincent Cate                           Offshore Information Services
 Vince                   Anguilla, BWI                          --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-09 04:35:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Call for Papers: Jurimetrics Special Edition on PKI 
X-Authentication-Warning: blacklodge.c2.net: majordom set sender to
owner-spki using -f
X-Sender: baum
Sender: owner-spki
Precedence: bulk
*** Announcement ***
Winter 1998
Special Issue on Public Key Infrastructure
(Security in Electronic Commerce: Technology, Infrastructure and
Practices for Certification Authorities and Digital Signatures)
I. Contents of this Solicitation
 General Information
 Call for Papers
 Criteria for Papers
 Submission Information
 Important Dates
 Virtual Conference
 Organization
 Inquiries
 II. General Information
We are pleased to announce the planned publication of a special issue of
the Jurimetrics Journal of Law, Science and Technology that will
exclusively address public key infrastructure (PKI) -- the law and
technology of certificate-based digital signatures and secure electronic
commerce. This announcement solicits articles for consideration for this
special Winter 1998 issue, which is intended as a forum for attorneys,
technologists, developers, and users interested in the legal aspects and
implications of PKI.
Jurimetrics Journal of Law, Science and Technology, published quarterly, is
the journal of the American Bar Association Section of Science and
Technology and the Center for the Study of Law, Science and Technology of
the Arizona State University College of Law.
The Information Security Committee, Electronic Commerce Division, Section
of Science and Technology of the American Bar Association (ISC) explores
and develops legal policy and foundation to support PKI and secure
electronic commerce. The ICS's current endeavors include research and work
product concerning: accreditation of certification authorities, commercial
key escrow guidelines, PKI evidentiary issues, digital signature
legislative initiatives, CA and user liability, and other legal issues
relating to secure electronic commerce. The discussions are moderated by
the relevant Work Groups of the ISC, and the ISC is open to professionals
of all disciplines with similar interests. In August l996, the ISC
published the Digital Signature Guidelines.  See Tutorial, Table of
Contents, and List of Contributors of the Digital Signature Guidelines at
 III. Call for Papers
 Papers are invited on all subjects related to applications of PKI and
their corresponding legal issues. The special edition is structured as
 Preface
 Introduction
 Tutorial, Architecture and Technology
 International Issues
 Liability, Contractual, Intellectual Property, and other Substantive
Legal Issues
 Government - Legislative, Regulatory, Policy, Enforcement
 Accreditation of Certification Authorities (including licensure and other
quality issues)
 Miscellaneous
Papers submitted should be concise and focused on the kernel rather than
exhaustive detail of new ideas intended to be communicated.  Papers should
not restate basic PKI technology but instead refer to the common tutorial
located in the introductory materials.
We thank you in advance for your submissions to this special issue of
Jurimetrics on PKI.
IV. Criteria for Papers
Preference will be given to papers that comply with the following criteria:
 are no longer than 8,000 words (under 10 pages, 12 point type, single spaced)
 provide appropriate annotation
 include URLs in annotations, where available
 consider both legal and technical issues/implications
 involve joint authorship between a lawyer and technologist
 are original works not previously published elsewhere
 conformance to the instructions for prospective Jurimetrics authors
posted at     V. Submission Information
Send brief but informative abstract of one or two pages as an email
attachment to jurimetrics If possible, please use Word 6.0
(Office 95) to facilitate handling. A one paragraph bio is also requested
but not required.
 VI. Important Dates
 Abstracts must be submitted by: 25 June 1997
 Deadline for submission of drafts: 15 October 1997
 Final version ready, after all cite checks and editorial changes: 31
December 1997
 Publication of Jurimetrics special issue on PKI: February 1998
VII. Virtual Conference
All papers accepted to Jurimetrics Winter 1998 special issue on PKI will
appear in full or abstract form in a Virtual Conference Center hosted by
the ISC.  The PKI community will have the opportunity to participate in
discussions with the authors using e-mail and the World Wide Web. The
Virtual Conference Center will feature a variety of electronic for a
moderated by leading PKI experts for the facilitation of communication
within the virtual PKI/law & technology community.
VIII. Organization for the Jurimetrics Special Issue on PKI
Guest Editor-in-Chief:
     Michael S. Baum, Esq., VP, Practices and External Affairs, VeriSign, Inc.
  Associate Guest Editors:
     Joseph H. Alhadeff, Esq., Director, Electronic Commerce, U.S. Council
for Int'l Business (USCIB)
     Warwick Ford, Ph.D., Director, Advanced Technology, Verisign, Inc.
     Theodore Ling, Esq., Baker & McKenzie, Toronto, Ontario.
     Charles R. Merrill, Esq., McCarter & English, Newark, NJ.
     Arthur F. Purcell, J.D., International Project Specialist, US Patent &
Trademark Office
     Ruven Schwartz, Esq., Info. Security, West Group Business Manager
XI. Inquiries
If you need help or have questions which are not answered in the above
information, please e-mail: jurimetrics
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-09 08:25:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FC97 in July Wired 
ACK! I meant "foriegn" checks. As for the 60-day variance, I plead
innumeracy. (What? Philosophy majors are supposed to *count*, too?). ;-).
OTOH, maybe 30 days just *seems* like 90 when you're waiting for it. :-).
Anyway, 30 days or 90, I bet FSTC-check/ACH gateways are going to be *real* popular in places like Anguilla someday. Almost as
popular as those call-back services are now...
You can't regulate the arbitrage.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-09 23:02:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CFP: 1998 Symposium on Network and Distributed System Security 
Precedence: bulk
CALL FOR PAPERS
The Internet Society Symposium on Network and Distributed System Security
Where: San Diego, California
When: March 1998
GOAL: The symposium will foster information exchange between hardware and
software developers of network and distributed system security services.
The intended audience is those who are interested in the practical aspects
of network and distributed system security, focusing on actual system
design and implementation, rather than theory.  Encouraging and enabling
the Internet community to apply, deploy, and advance the state of available
security technology is the major focus of symposium.  Symposium proceedings
will be published by the Internet Society.  Topics for the symposium
include, but are not limited to, the following:
* Architectures for large-scale, heterogeneous distributed systems
* Security in malleable systems: mobile code, mobile agents, dynamic policy
  updates, etc.
* Special problems: e.g. interplay between security goals and other goals --
  efficiency, reliability, interoperability, resource sharing, and cost.
* Integrating security services with system and application security
  facilities and with application protocols, including message handling,
  file transport, remote file access,  directories, time synchronization,
  data base management, routing, voice and video multicast, network
  management, boot services, and mobile computing.
* Fundamental services:  authentication, integrity, confidentiality,
  authorization, non-repudiation, and availability.
* Supporting mechanisms and APIs: key management and certification
  infrastructures, audit, and intrusion detection.
* Telecommunications security, especially for emerging technologies -- very
  large systems like the Internet, high-speed systems like the gigabit
  testbeds, wireless systems, and personal communication systems.
* Controls: firewalls, packet filters, application gateways
* Object security and security objects
* Network information resources and tools such as World Wide Web (WWW),
  Gopher, Archie, and WAIS.
* Electronic commerce:  payment services, fee-for-access, EDI, notary;
  endorsement, licensing, bonding, and other forms of assurance; intellectual
  property protections
GENERAL CHAIR:
PROGRAM CHAIRS:
PROGRAM COMMITTEE:
LOCAL ARRANGEMENTS CHAIR:
PUBLICATIONS CHAIR:
LOGISTICS CHAIR:
SUBMISSIONS: The committee invites technical papers and panel
proposals, for topics of technical and general interest.  Technical
papers should be 10-20 pages in length.  Panel proposals should be two
pages and should describe the topic, identify the panel chair, explain
the format of the panel, and list three to four potential panelists.
Technical papers will appear in the proceedings.  A description of each
panel will appear in the proceedings, and may at the discretion of the
panel chair, include written position statements from each panelist.
Each submission must contain a separate title page with the type of
submission (paper or panel), the title or topic, the names of the
author(s), organizational affiliation(s), telephone and FAX numbers,
postal addresses, Internet electronic mail addresses, and must list a
single point of contact if more than one author.  The names of authors,
affiliations, and other identifying information should appear only on
the separate title page.
Submissions must be received by 1 August 1997, and should be made via
electronic mail in either PostScript or ASCII format.  If the committee
is unable to print a PostScript submission, it will be returned and
hardcopy requested.  Therefore, PostScript submissions should arrive
well before 1 August.  If electronic submission is difficult,
submissions should be sent via postal mail.
All submissions and program related correspondence (only) should be
directed to the program chair:  Matt Bishop, Department of Computer
Science, University of California at Davis, Davis CA  95616-8562,
Email: sndss98-submissions Phone: +1 (916) 752-8060,
FAX: +1 (916) 752-4767,
Dates, final call for papers, advance program, and registration
information will be available at the URL:
Each submission will be acknowledged by e-mail.  If acknowledgment is
not received within seven days, please contact the program chair as in-
dicated above.  Authors and panelists will be notified of acceptance by
1 October 1997.  Instructions for preparing camera-ready copy for the
proceedings will be sent at that time.  The camera-ready copy must be
received by 1 November 1997.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-10 11:32:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: WSJ on Money Laundering 
Yeaaaah... Ain't fungibility a bitch?
Well, folks, about 30 years we sowed a crop of inumeracy in our school
system, and now it's time to reap the harvest.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-10 11:37:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Intro to Cyptosystems talk 6/23 7pm 
Sender: net-thinkers
Reply-To: Vinnie Moscaritolo Precedence: Bulk
ever wondered what the buzz about cryptography is all about..
You are all welcome to attend my "Introduction to Cyptosystems"  tutorial at
the BMUG South meeting.. It's open to the public.
When:  Monday, Jun 23
Time:  7:00 PM
Where:  Town Hall, Apple R&D Campus (blding 5)
How long: 60 mins or so?
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-11 07:24:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Call 4 Participation 
X-Authentication-Warning: blacklodge.c2.net: majordom set sender to
owner-spki using -f
Reply-To: Yahya Al-Salqan Sender: owner-spki
Precedence: bulk
The second IEEE International Workshop on Enterprise Security will take
place next week (June 18-21) at the MIT.
 The workshop will host a Panel discussion on the "Future of the Internet
Security at the IETF."  The Panelist are:
1) Carl Ellison, CyberCash, SPKI author at the IETF
2) Don Eastlake, CyberCash, Secure DNS author at the IETF
3) Perry Mitzger, Co-chair of SPKI and SecSH at the IETF
4) Tatu Ylonen, author SSH at IETF
5) Steve Lloyd, Entrust
6) Tom Polk, NIST, editor of PKIX at teh IETF
You are invited to take advantage of this opportunity to learn about the
of Internet security.
Visit   for more information on the
and discussion groups.
I look forward to meeting some of you at the Workshop,
Best Regards,
--Yahya Al-Salqan, PhD
Sun Microsystems
Enterprise Security General Chair
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-13 20:34:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "Bozos Against Flag Burning" 
Uh, Nixon spent WWII in the navy(?) in the Pacific.
About the only finagling he did was win enough in poker to fund his
congressional campaign on returning home.
I am not a crook,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-14 04:03:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Do reporters have special rights the rest of us don't have? 
Awwww, Caaa'monnn.
You mean they can license handguns, but not reporters???
I think reporters, particularly the lapdog Whitehouse kind, have killed
more people in the last century than domestic handguns, don'tcha think?
Heck, now that I think of it, we should also license printing presses, and
xeroxgraphy, and computers...
... And e-mail groups!  Yeah, that's it. License e-mail groups...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-14 05:11:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: crypto page 
Sender: mac-crypto
Reply-To: Vinnie Moscaritolo Precedence: Bulk
I am starting to create a crypto resource  page (soon to be part of mac crypto)
it is at Its a first crack...
if you have any (even obvious) additions I would appreciate them.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
That Crypto Guy at Apple...
Fingerprint: 4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-15 09:06:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Skins vs. Shirts 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Precedence: Bulk
All this reminds me of something Tim May, Eric Hughes, and others have said
before. Once you've gotten to the point where loss of security equals, in a
very literal sense, loss of money, the incentive to publicize any given
security hole starts to go away.
Adam, above, is speculating about the mechanics of a Netscape security
hole, which, two years ago, would have gotten someone like Ian Goldberg a
grand and a t-shirt, but probably only after they had published it on the
net, just like Mssrs Goldberg and Wagner had to do, in order to get
Netscape's attention. That included directions for how to replicate the
problem. Back then, we wouldn't have been speculating about the mechanics
of the hole, because people would be playing with it to see how it worked.
As it is, latest hole was published in terms of its results only, and not
its mechanics. Instead, those precious details were relased only to
Netscape, and only for, NPR says, "an undisclosed sum".
Lest we think of this as latter-day greenmail, we have to remember that
greenmail actually had it's putative effect, which was to increase the
returns to the shareholders by increasing the stock price. It was never
fair to begrudge T. Boone Pickens the pound of flesh he extracted from
companies like Phillips Petroleum, mostly because the pound he cut off was
usually lard, anyway.  Not to compare Netscape to a Pritikin candidate, of
course. Nobody can see all the consequences of tens or hundreds of
thousands of lines of code, and the very best way to solve the semantic
problem that poses is the internet way, by swarming it to death.
With that in mind, I expect that the next stage in this increasing security
"price" escallation will be much more interesting.  It won't be long before
the first people who say anything about a new security hole will be people
who have money stolen from them, and not much will be said by the people
who discover those holes in the first place. And, of course, lots of those
people probably won't be so virtuous in their use of what they figure out,
either. We're about to enter a new era of parallel evolution, much like the
relationship between cheeetahs and Thompson's gazelles, where a constant
arms race makes predator and prey more efficient, excellerating evolution
in both species.
Now, I don't think this forgives people from publishing their source code,
far from it. I expect that people selling financial cryptography and allied
commercial products will still have to publish their source, or nobody will
trust it enough buy it.  I'm just saying that it will tend to be the
victims, and probably not the next generation of "moneypunks",  who will be
announcing the failure of any given commerce application.
So, instead being one of free shirts, the game will be one of payment in,
um, skins. And, before long, there will be many more skins out there
belonging to people who are spending money than the people who accidentally
built the wallets with holes in them could ever pay in gre$enmail.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-15 22:30:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Skins vs. Shirts 
Wow. I actually understood all that...
The scent of the cogs is unmistakable hereabouts.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-16 10:43:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: eDrugs / Re: e$: Skins vs. Shirts 
Nope. Only the metabolites in my poor liver left. Hey. I wonder if what
they say about losing weight and flashing back is true...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-17 10:55:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: More about Netscape Bug finder 
Organization: Spring Management Company
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Bill GL Stafford   Christian Orellana, gambled $1000 and lost.  Not the worst thing he could
have done.  Now the world knows how Netscape approaches a potential
crisis.  They did not panic although they may have come close to it.  I've
seen that much lost in a cloak room with a pot not near as big as Christian
sought. Anyway you look at it it's just a roll of the dice.Bill GL Stafford
 Wired Magazine on web
An Email Trail from Bug Spotter to
           Netscape
           6:01pm  13.Jun.97.PDT The following is a copy of the
           email exchange between Netscape officials and
           Christian Orellana, the Danish consultant who
           found the Netscape Navigator bug. A copy of the
           text was provided to Wired News by Netscape and
           appears unedited. Wired News has chosen not to
           publish Orellana's email address.
           Subject: Major security bug in Netscape
           Navigator 3 and 4
           Date: Mon, 9 Jun 1997 19:19:13 +0200
           From: Christian Orellana
           To: stracy
           Hello!
           We have discovered a major security bug in
           Netscape Navigator 3.0, which remains uncorrected
           in the new Communicator release. The bug affects
           Navigator running on all platforms in the standard
           configuration.
           The bug allows access to any file on the clients file
           system, and does not affect Microsoft Internet
           Explorer.
           This bug is potentially very interesting to Netscape
           considering that the new release of Navigator is due
           in just three days.
           The bug has not previously been reported, and
           remains unknown to anyone but us (to the best of our
           knowledge). Please get back to us a.s.a.p. (before
           Netscape DevCon) if this knowledge is of any interest
           to you. You can reach me at the phone number
           below.
           I have tried to reach Netscape for a while now, and if
           Netscape remains uninterested in the issue I may
           contact some other interested parties.
           Yours sincerely,
           Christian Orellans [sic]
           ---
           Subject: Please confirm
           Date: Mon, 9 Jun 1997 20:14:08 +0200
           From: Christian Orellana
           To: stracy
           Hello!
           Could you please confirm that you have received my
           previous letter.
           Also I would like to restate my claim that this is of the
           utmost importance for the upcoming launch of
           Communicator. The bug allows complete read access
           to the clients hard disk.
           Christian Orellana.
           ---
           Subject: Re: [Fwd: Major security bug in
           Netscape Navigator 3 and 4]
           Date: Mon, 09 Jun 1997 11:51:04 -0700
           From: edithg (Edith Gong)
           Organization: Netscape Communications
           To: Shannon Tracy , lalam
           References:
           <339C3C32.FE3F5683
           Shannon,
           I don't know what else to do. Can someone in DSE
           contact this person to get the details by phone. We
           can't investigate until we understand what the issue is.
           I'll see if someone in tech support can contact the
           customer
           Edith
           ---
           Subject: Re: Please confirm
           Date: Mon, 09 Jun 1997 12:00:03 -0700
           From: Shannon Tracy
           Organization: Netscape Communications
           To: Christian Orellana
           References:
           Dear Christian Orellana:
           Yes, I received your message. The project manager
           just responded that they are trying to find someone to
           contact you, however, we can't investigate until we
           understand what the issue is. Can you please furnish
           a few additional details so that we know who best
           might be able to handle this situation?
           Thanks,
           Shannon Tracy
           ---
           Subject: Re: Please confirm
           Date: Mon, 9 Jun 1997 21:11:44 +0200
           From: Christian Orellana
           To: stracy (Shannon Tracy)
           References:
           Dear Shannon.
           In short the first version of the bug I had up and
           running allowed me to get any file whose path I knew
           on the clients hard disk. I just got another version up
           and running, and considering that the location of
           quite a few files on a typical windows/mac/unix
           installation is pretty well known, it should be no
           surprise that this new version can actually scan the
           clients harddisk for specific files, and download them.
           I can not reveal much more detail, without giving
           away the bug, which I will not do, since I think this
           information is so valuable to Netscape that it should
           be worth a good deal of money. The information is
           certainly worth a bit on the free market, and I am
           currently awaiting responses from other parties.
           In other words I think the person most suited for
           handling this, is someone in charge of the company
           check book (-;
           Regards - Christian
           ---
           Subject: final note on Navigator bug
           Date: Mon, 9 Jun 1997 23:07:59 +0200
           From: Christian Orellana
           To: stracy (Shannon Tracy)
           Netscape:
           I think my approach to you on this subject has been
           fair and serious. I am offering you a piece of
           information that I consider of very high value. The
           implications of the bug mentioned in previous emails
           are immense.
           Considering the widespread use of home-banking
           software, not to mention the impact on multiuser
           systems in the government and corporate sector, like
           unix and NT environments, where access to the
           encrypted password-files would render the systems
           extremely vulnerable, I think all pre Communicator
           versions of Navigator (supposing you fix the bug in
           Communicator) would be pretty useless. I will leave it
           to you to estimate what impact that would have on
           Netscape stocks.
           I have to inform you that David Gross at CNN is on
           hold with the news, and is only waiting for me to give
           him the final demonstration, to verify the bug.
           I must also inform you that CNN is not the only
           interested party, and that I will consider my options
           once I get Netscape's standpoint on the matter.
           I would be more than happy to give a demonstration
           of the bug, under controlled circumstances, but we
           would have to sign some sort of agreement first.
           Regards, Christian Orellana.
           ---
           Subject: Re: [Fwd: Major security bug in
           Netscape Navigator 3 and 4]
           Date: Thu, 12 Jun 1997 16:40:33 -0700
           From: chrish (Chris Holten)
           Organization: Netscape Communications
           To:chrish
           References: 1
           Subject: Major security bug in Netscape
           Navigator 3 and 4
           Date: Mon, 9 Jun 1997 19:19:13 +0200
           From: Christian Orellana
           To: stracy
           Hello!
           We have discovered a major security bug in
           Netscape Navigator 3.0, which remains uncorrected
           in the new Communicator release. The bug affects
           Navigator running on all platforms in the standard
           configuration. The bug allows access to any file on
           the clients file system, and does not affect Microsoft
           Internet Explorer.
           This bug is potentially very interesting to Netscape
           considering that the new release of Navigator is due
           in just three days.
           The bug has not previously been reported, and
           remains unknown to anyone but us (to the best of our
           knowledge).
           Please get back to us a.s.a.p. (before Netscape
           DevCon) if this knowledge is of any interest to you.
           You can reach me at the phone number below.
           I have tried to reach Netscape for a while now, and if
           Netscape remains uninterested in the issue I may
           contact some other interested parties.
           Yours sincerely,
           Christian Orellans
           ---
           Subject: Please confirm
           Date: Mon, 9 Jun 1997 20:14:08 +0200
           From: Christian Orellana
           To: stracy
           Hello!
           Could you please confirm that you have received my
           previous letter.
           Also I would like to restate my claim that this is of the
           utmost importance for the upcoming launch of
           Communicator. The bug allows complete read access
           to the clients hard disk.
           Christian Orellana.
  For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-17 22:57:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Declan as a Budding Washington Insider 
Wow. How utterly cool. I guess it's time to move. Your country sounds waay
better than my country...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-18 04:44:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Declan as a Crime Beat Reporter 
Don't quit your day job, Tim.
Hunter S. Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-18 07:25:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Kerrey bill introduced in Senate 
X-Sender: gbroiles (Unverified)
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Greg Broiles X-Loop: cypherpunks
Sen. Kerrey's evil "Secure Public Networks Act" was introduced in the
Senate today, cosponsored by Sen. McCain.
The bill, if passed, would:
Criminalize the knowing use of crypto to encrypt data or communications in
furtherance of a crime; (s. 104)
Criminalize breaking another person's ciphertext for the purpose of
violating their privacy, security, or property rights; (goodbye, Netscape
bugs bounty and DES/RC4 cracks) (s. 105(3))
Criminalize intercepting another's intellectual property for the purpose of
violating intellectual property rights (s. 105(4))
Criminalize issuing a key to another person in furtherance of a crime (s.
Require federal government purchasers of crypto equipment to buy GAK
crypto; (s. 202, 204)
Require crypto products purchased with federal funds for use on a public
network to employ GAK crypto; (s. 203, 205)
Legalize the export of 56-bit DES crypto; (s. 302)
Criminalizes the issuance of signature certificates by registered CA's for
encryption keys if the user has not complied with GAK procedures; (s.
Criminalizes requesting a signature certificate for an encryption key from
a registered CA if the user has not complied with GAK procedures; (s.
Allows the Secretary of Commerce to "make investigations, obtain
information, take sworn testimony, and require reports or the keeping of
records by .. any person", to the extent necessary to enforce the Act; (s.
Allows the Secretary of Commerce to subpoena witnesses and documents in any
State at any designated place; (s. 701(b)(3)(A))
Allows the Secretary of Commerce to impose civil/adminstrative penalties of
up to $100K for violations of the Act; (s. 702(1))
Ugh. The original is online at
, mirrored at
Greg Broiles                | US crypto export control policy in a nutshell:
gbroiles         |
 | Export jobs, not crypto.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-19 05:32:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Deschall Fwd: WE FOUND IT! 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Kent Borg 56-bit DES has now been publicly cracked!  In a chaotic volunteer effort,
no less.  Cool!
-kb, the Kent who's Macintosh searched quite a few billion keys, but did
not find it.
<< start of forwarded material >>
 ** Date: Wed, 18 Jun 1997 13:46:19 -0600
 ** From: rcv (Rocke Verser)
 ** To: deschall-announce
 ** Subject:  WE FOUND IT!
 ** Sender: owner-deschall-announce
 ** Precedence: bulk
 **
 ** -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
 **
 **         "Strong cryptography makes the world a safer place."
 **
 ** That's the message RSA has been waiting for us to decipher.
 ** And we did it!
 **
 ** The correct key (8558891AB0C851B6) was reported to RSA Data Security
 ** shortly before midnight last night (Mountain Time).  RSA's automated
 ** server acknowledged our win!
 **
 ** The winning computer is a Pentium 90MHz, operated by iNetZ Corporation
 ** of Salt Lake City, Utah.  Their employee, Michael K. Sanders, was the
 ** individual who was running the DESCHALL client.
 **
 ** Congratulations, Michael.  And congratulations to all who participated!
 **
 **
 ** Many thanks are due, all around.
 **
 ** Special thanks to Justin Dolske and Matt Curtin, who took enormous
 ** pressure off of me, early in the project; and who have kept the client
 ** archives, mailing lists, and gateways humming right along; and who
 ** diligently responded to *so many* questions on the mailing lists.
 ** Thanks very much!
 **
 ** Special thanks to Darrell Kindred and Andrew Meggs, whose programming
 ** skill in their respective fields (fast bitslice clients and fast
 ** user-friendly Mac PPC clients) is unmatched!
 **
 ** Special thanks to Karl Runge, who has spent many evenings into the wee
 ** hours (is 5 AM wee?) to develop some outstanding stats and to make sure
 ** those stats were posted each morning!
 **
 ** Special thanks to Jeff Simmons, and others, whose names tragically
 ** escape me, who did some early publicity to get the project rolling!
 **
 ** Special thanks to the other developers, Guy Albertelli and Kelly
 ** Campbell.  Guy performed a number of "ports", and Kelly produced the
 ** first Mac client.
 **
 ** Thanks to countless others, who devoted not just their CPU cycles, but
 ** their boundless energy as well.
 **
 **
 ** I offer both thanks and consolations to our only public "competitor",
 ** SolNET.
 **
 ** Magnus and Fredrik:  As I have said before, SolNET is a class outfit.  I
 ** never once heard you disparage your competition.  We thank you!
 **
 ** In a sense, the "win" belongs to all of us, who contributed CPU cycles
 ** and clients and ideas and innovations.  We searched less than 1/4 of the
 ** keyspace.  Worldwide, over half of the keyspace was searched.  A
 ** DESCHALL client may have found "the" key, but you deserve credit for
 ** helping to bring the "expected date of completion" significantly ahead.
 **
 ** Your Web site gave us a goal to shoot for.  A goal which we never met.
 ** Your clients had many features our users wished for.  There is no shame
 ** in not finding the key.  But I know the anguish you must feel after
 ** putting your hearts and souls into a project for 3-4 months, and not
 ** being "the" winner.
 **
 ** In my eyes, everyone who participated, whether working for the DESCHALL
 ** team or the SolNET team is a winner!
 **
 **
 ** Last but not least, thanks to my dear wife, Myra, who allowed me to
 ** engage in this project (when I should have been looking for my next
 ** contract programming job); and to her and my children, who tolerated
 ** the disruption to our household routine caused by this project.
 **
 **
 ** - - Rocke Verser, DESCHALL organizer, rcv
 **
 ** -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE-----
 ** Version: 2.6.2
 **
 ** iQCVAwUBM6g4wXI7TKUAAAABAQGNrwQAyuvPPGgIaRMmveI/9MwbTq6SbNerD4A3
 ** VluN2EW+GCvT1UiyTV2eQ3tJB+9f5RUVnQ77rqsVvME1Go0M1Vckq0VPzBdMYWgq
 ** laNv8tf4LEkSyu2LrfoLONyvrNmcByRmO8Bwt/QtqICK4gFpXcnoWXaCz4NG6iZf
 ** 6NtPgJnQh6o=
 ** =I+bG
 ** -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----
 **
<< end of forwarded material >>
Kent Borg                               H: +1-617-776-6899
kentborg                       W:
          "The language seemed pretty natural to me.
                    I talk a lot like that."
        - My Minnesota mother Helene commenting on "Fargo"
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-19 10:27:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DESCHALL Press Release (fwd) 
Which, of course, is the expected time to find a key in any random search.
Statistics: It ain't a good idea, it's reality. :-).
Stochastically yours,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-19 10:40:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bob quoted in DowJones Markets magazine 
Yeah. the guy who wrote it said that he did attribute it to me, but since I
was "someone the average Telerate user wouldn't recognise", the copy
editors killed it.
Maybe I should write a letter to the editor or something, but I seem to be
aspiring to lethargy on the issue at the moment...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-20 03:25:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Fickle Fingers of Fate... 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Precedence: Bulk
At 11:00 pm -0400 on 6/18/97, Tim May wrote in cypherpunks:
Yeah, but every once in a while the ideas stick in the head of someone
else, which is good enough for me, and, ironically, where my aforementioned
"aspirations to lethargy" regarding getting "credit" for the quote comes
from. Sometimes having people think about something is much more important
than them knowing who gave them the idea.
On the other hand, I get e-mail from people all the time for stuff I've
written or said (with attribution) in the press and on the net, and most of
those people are excited about all this new stuff they haven't heard of
before. I get quite a great kick out of that.
Sometimes, though, speaking of kicks, I do feel like I've got a "kick me"
sign on my back or something. I just got a copy of the NHK video about
Sameer, (and cryptography ;-)), and FC97 is talked about there a lot, but,
unfortunately, no real credit given to Ray Hirshfeld as conference chair
for organizing the program, or, for that matter, for myself as the the guy
whose idea FC97 was in the first place. Also, while not having read the
July Wired yet, I have heard from other people that the article reads like
FC97 was Vince Cate's idea and not mine.  On the other hand, I'm pretty
sure that the reason that Vince got front and center was because I didn't
jump out there steal it from him. ;-). Any "fault" for not making sure
proper "credit" was given is primarily my own, as the, um, promoter, of
FC97, anyway. So, maybe we should have a press conference or something next
year and put out the "official" story, just to further complicate matters.
Frankly, since Vince actually *did* do all the *work* on Anguilla itself,
as well as helping to sholder whatever financial risks there were, along
with running the money, and the transaction processing on offshore.com.ai,
and lots of other important stuff, and, since Ray and I *really* want to do
it there again next year, Vince can have all the 'credit' he wants. :-).
Especially if I get to go to Anguilla for free once a year, and, like I did
last time, walk around like I own the place. (My needs are simple, you
I do think my own powers of hucksterism are improving, though. A banking
conference organizer called yesterday, and she wanted me be a speaker at a
series of conferences in London, San Diego and Malaysia. I figured I'd do
the old digital bearer certificate "book-entry settlement is dead" bit and
scare them all a little. We'll see if she still wants me after she sees the
e$ home page and my nonexistant credentials for outraging the financial
status quo.  As usual for these things, of course, I'm not getting paid
anything but travel and room and board expenses. (Now, where's that 'kick
me' sign, again? I *know* it's back there somewhere...)
On the same terms, but for nice people anyway, Dave Birch from Hyperion is
having me fly out to London to do an electronic money conference in
October, and I'm supposed to speak at MacWorld Boston in August. In
addition, I'm going to be on a national talk radio network again pretty
soon, and I'm in the process of cranking out another rant-for-publication,
if I can just keep the thing from getting bigger every time I sit down to
work on it. Somebody's also talking about recording me doing some of my
rants for audio tape. Finally, the FC97 proceedings are just about ready,
and Springer-Verlag will have them later this summer. Since I get to edit
the introduction, I at least get to make sure they spell my name right.
:-). And, of course, the process of organizing FC98 is just starting to
get, um, organized, and that's fun to think about. (The dates for the
conference next year will be February 23-27, in case people want to save
the date.)
So, while I still haven't quite cultivated the ability to create that
completely sterile no-man's land between me and a TV camera just yet (I
heard someone say on cypherpunks that the most dangerous place in the world
was between Phill Gramm and a TV camera...), I'm having an enormous amount
of fun, attributed or not.
Oh, and I forgot e$lab. I've gotten mail from about 50 people in response
to the initial pair of rants, and we're in the process of preparing some,
er, collateral information (can't call it a business plan, really, because
whatever management team we put together will actually have to write their
own plan from scratch), to hand to people who happen to wander in too close
to Hettinga's Patented Reality Distortion Field (tm). Yeah, I know, Jobs
has one too, but mine's patented and trademarked. Something I learned from
a fellow Universalist, P.T. Barnum. Besides, the knob on my *my* reality
distortion field goes to 11.
So, I suppose, when all that 'credit' is passed around some day, I'll be
getting my share.
My next trick, though, is to get some money in the door for all this fun
I've been having. I'm starting to feel like Stephenson's Hiro Protagonist,
at the moment, though not nearly as cool. (Heck, I can't even write code.)
Nonetheless, I suppose I'm lucky I get to do what I love, though I can't
exactly describe it to people very well. Most people don't get that chance
very often. To do what they love to do, I mean.
Now, where *is* that "kick me" sign...
Bob Hettinga,
(currently suffering rotator cuff injuries from trying to swipe at his back
all the time...)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-20 20:12:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Party on IRC 
Hey, folks,
Is there an encrypted IRC available?
If not, shouldn't there be?
Is such a thing even possible?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-21 06:29:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) New crypto bill clears committee 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: rah (Robert Hettinga)
X-e$pam-source: owner-cryptography
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$

@_date: 1997-06-22 02:01:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous browsing (was Re: Getting Back to our Radical Roots) 
This could be done at the archives, even if they *are* in Singapore. :-).
Maybe *that's* why they need onion routers... :-).
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-23 04:16:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Canarypunk: Jim Bell in a coalmine 
At 1:07 pm -0400 on 6/22/97, Tim May wrote on cypherpunks:
Speaking of the dead, or at least the departed...
Has anybody local to Jim Bell's stir gone to visit our incarcerated, um,
gaming enthusiast, lately, just to see if he needs anything? Oh. Besides
*that* of course. :-).
Is Bell *taking* visitors yet? Would anyone in Oregon *want* to go visit
Bell, reprehensible opinions and all, if he was accepting visitors?
The reason I ask is, given events of the past few days, it may be time to
start standing up for our friends, no matter how unsavory their ideas.
Slippery slopes, and all that. I'm beginning to think of this as the
net.equivalent of neighborhood "policing", if you will, where the slightest
infraction against freedom by the federal law "enforcement" "community" is
met with the most determined (legal!) resistance possible. Maybe something
like Helsinki Watch, or, god forbid, Amnesty International.
Arresting Jim Bell and holding him with what seems to be an unreasonable
bail (that is, he can't afford to pay it) by a small army of nomex-hooded
kluxer-equivalents is the police-state version of drinking on a
streetcorner. "Patting down" the officials responsible, legally and
politically, might yield the functional equivalent of a concealed weapons
violation. That, in turn, would tell people who are wont to surround
people's houses with black nomex ninja-wannabes to think twice about
ordering such shenanigans in the future.
Tim was talking earlier here about how this kind of accountability should
have been held, more stringently, for the people who burned children in
Waco, and who shot them at Ruby Ridge. Maybe it's time to hold people who
commit capital crimes on the state's behalf to understand that the legal
sword cuts both ways. If so, I think the best way to start this is to do it
in manageable increments, and ratchet up the pressure from there. To have
zero tolerence for even the smallest offenses, starting with the jailing of
Mr. Bell.
That's because Bell is, however rediculous the offense or his behavior the
first cypherpunk political prisoner. He's ours, folks, like it or not. It's
time we faced it, and dealt with the problem accordingly.
To my mind, turnabout is in fact fair play. If you start busting the
constitutional public drinkers, like the interagency Boy's State delegation
who hauled Jim off, maybe the rest of the erst-fascists out there in
Uncle's employ will keep their nomex pyjamas in the closet, only taking
their costumes out for the occasional midnight constitution-burning
ceremony, instead of coming next for someone with more substantial freedoms
to defend.
And, frankly, if rejectionism is called for, now or later, we will know
that much sooner based on how well efforts like springing our canary in
that Oregon coal mine fares...
Admittedly, this is a distraction from the most important thing, which is
writing code, but I bet that there are in fact cypherpunks-who-don't-code
in Bell's neighborhood, and not necessarily even Friends of Jim, who would
be happy to personally go see how Bell is doing and come back and tell us
what happened. Think of it as part of the feedback loop for net.freedom. A
trip into the coal mine with a canary cage.
Yeah, I know. It's me making work for someone else. Nonetheless: Anyone out
there want to do this?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-23 04:15:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
You rang? (He said, feeling particularly ambitious on a rainy June afternoon)
You don't need an organization, a simple angry swarm of the right players
is just fine, preferrably large commercial ones.
You just need to tell them that S909 will kill the commercial internet, and
all the billions that have been invested in it.
The big stick to smack the hive with, the argument to present to those
people who have the most to lose, is the following, if I may quote myself
from several places this week :-):
I will deliver the above talk to anyone who pays my travel expenses and can
get butts in the seats to hear it. The "right" butts or no, you never know
who knows somebody else.
You buy, I fly. If anyone *else* wants to make the above presentation, and
save the air and hotel bill, feel free. Practically *anyone* on this list
knows how to more than adequately defend each of those propositions against
all comers, foreign and domestic. :-).
Now, then. When do we get started?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-23 06:13:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Dirty hands kill more people (80K/yr) than guns (FWD) 
It's my understanding that this is half next to useless because all you
have to do is go out and fire a few thousand (hundred?) rounds and the
ballistics change...
Since the first thing you should do after you get a gun is fire a few
thousand rounds through it, anyway, no problem, right?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-25 04:04:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
That's because, like all industrial transaction processes, they're built to
run weak transactions on strong, but private networks. The internet enables
strong transactions on weak, but public networks, which are way cheaper.
Again, *Digital* Commerce *is* Financial Cryptography.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-28 07:43:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Secure Authentication 
Actually, the best signature law proposal I've seen comes from the, so help
me, Massachusetts.
It's a single sentence which says that there will be nothing Massachusetts
law which can be construed to preclude the use of a digital signature.
Double negatives aside, the above translates into legal digital signatures.
Period. No bullshit about "Certification" "Authorities", or what
constitutes a "legal" digital signature, or any other cruft. If you sign a
state, or other, document with a digital signature, then, if it can be
proven to be your signature, you signed it. Game over.
Even broken clocks are right twice a day, I guess. :-).
Now if we can get away from the whole idea of biometric signatures
altogether, that would be the next trick...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-29 10:20:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
Kent (With a Brick, Mr.) Chrispin emetted:
I wonder if Mr. Chrispin has ever heard of George Soros, or does the
adventures of St. George and the BofE dragon smack too much of, horrors,
capitalism? (Modulo Soros' ocassional self-flagellatory Atlantic article,
of course. Knight-errants are all into that mortifying the flesh stuff. Or,
maybe he's just trying to hedge his bets or something...)
Anyway, on the same note, and, as a result of the Wired article this month
on FC97 (I finally saw it, and it's not as bad as I thought it was going to
be. I guess as long as they spell my name right...), I just got request for
an interview from a staff writer from Forbes. He's writing on this very
thing, the macroeconomic effect of transanational digital cash. His very
words to me were:
He's going to interview me on Tuesday, after the DCSB meeting.
God help us all. :-).
When I replied to him, I gave him the whole nine yards, poor guy. Hope I
didn't scare him off: financial cryptography, the ubiquitous geodesic
economy, cryptomoney, etc. (Including, of course, the, um, "excrable"
e$yllogism. ;-)) I also gave him a whole passle of people to talk to about
it, including David Friedman, who reported on another list lately that he's
brought father Milton around to believing in the inefficiency of central
banking compared to free banking, particularly in a world of ubiquitous
internetworks and financial cryptography. I also sent him on to Tatsuo
Tanaka, who did a presentation about a year ago at DCSB on, you guessed it,
the transnationality of digital cash. :-). (Of course, Tatsuo's thinking
then was that some global run or another on free$banks would end in the
creation of a central bank of cypherspace, but, maybe, he's *much* better
now. :-))
I didn't include you on that list, Tim, because I remember you saying
something about not being bothered with such reporter.cruft anymore, and
how coupling financial cryptography with strong cryptography in the eyes of
the press and the financial establishment didn't make any sense, but, in
case you want him to misquote us *both* and scare all those capitalist
tools out there half to death, let me know and I'll send him your way.
Or, maybe such glad tidings will make them all want to help us dance a jig
on the eventual grave of the nation-state, you never know. The rich and
hoity-toity are very different from you and me. Well, *me*, anyway...
(Did I ever tell you the story about how my old man built a sailboat on St.
Thomas without ever having really sailed much, and, the boat was so fast
that it won *lots* of silver, so much silver that he made the New York Post
(I think) about it, and, having read that article, Malcom Forbes came down
to the islands that fall, and invited Pop to hang out with him on
Highlander for a few days?
Well, my old man built a sailboat on St. Thomas, you see,...)
 "My country tis of thee, land of
plutography..." Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-06-30 13:52:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
Kent (With a Brick, Mr.) Chrispin emetted:
I wonder if Mr. Chrispin has ever heard of George Soros, or does the
adventures of St. George and the BofE dragon smack too much of, horrors,
capitalism? (Modulo Soros' ocassional self-flagellatory Atlantic article,
of course. Knight-errants are all into that mortifying the flesh stuff. Or,
maybe he's just trying to hedge his bets or something...)
Anyway, on the same note, and, as a result of the Wired article this month
on FC97 (I finally saw it, and it's not as bad as I thought it was going to
be. I guess as long as they spell my name right...), I just got request for
an interview from a staff writer from Forbes. He's writing on this very
thing, the macroeconomic effect of transanational digital cash. His very
words to me were:
He's going to interview me on Tuesday, after the DCSB meeting.
God help us all. :-).
When I replied to him, I gave him the whole nine yards, poor guy. Hope I
didn't scare him off: financial cryptography, the ubiquitous geodesic
economy, cryptomoney, etc. (Including, of course, the, um, "excrable"
e$yllogism. ;-)) I also gave him a whole passle of people to talk to about
it, including David Friedman, who reported on another list lately that he's
brought father Milton around to believing in the inefficiency of central
banking compared to free banking, particularly in a world of ubiquitous
internetworks and financial cryptography. I also sent him on to Tatsuo
Tanaka, who did a presentation about a year ago at DCSB on, you guessed it,
the transnationality of digital cash. :-). (Of course, Tatsuo's thinking
then was that some global run or another on free$banks would end in the
creation of a central bank of cypherspace, but, maybe, he's *much* better
now. :-))
I didn't include you on that list, Tim, because I remember you saying
something about not being bothered with such reporter.cruft anymore, and
how coupling financial cryptography with strong cryptography in the eyes of
the press and the financial establishment didn't make any sense, but, in
case you want him to misquote us *both* and scare all those capitalist
tools out there half to death, let me know and I'll send him your way.
Or, maybe such glad tidings will make them all want to help us dance a jig
on the eventual grave of the nation-state, you never know. The rich and
hoity-toity are very different from you and me. Well, *me*, anyway...
(Did I ever tell you the story about how my old man built a sailboat on St.
Thomas without ever having really sailed much, and, the boat was so fast
that it won *lots* of silver, so much silver that he made the New York Post
(I think) about it, and, having read that article, Malcom Forbes came down
to the islands that fall, and invited Pop to hang out with him on
Highlander for a few days?
Well, my old man built a sailboat on St. Thomas, you see,...)
 "My country tis of thee, land of
plutography..." Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-03 23:40:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: AAAS Anonymity Project 
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
     The Scientific Freedom, Responsibility, and Law Program of the
     American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) is
     conducting an on-line survey to learn more about the uses of anonymity
     and pseudonymity on the Internet.  The survey, together with a series
     of focus group meetings and an invitational conference, is part of a
     project being funded by the National Science Foundation.  The project
     will generate a set of criteria describing the contexts in which
     anonymous and pseudonymous communications are desirable, permissible,
     or undesirable, and a set of guidelines for the use of anonymous and
     pseudonymous communications in those situations where their use is to
     be encouraged or at least tolerated.  Please visit the Project website
     to learn more about this timely project and tell us about your
     experiences with anonymity or pseudonymity:
          Founded in 1848, the AAAS is a nonprofit scientific society dedicated
     to the advancement of scientific and technological excellence, and to
     the public's understanding of science and technology.  AAAS is the
     world's largest federation of scientific and engineering societies,
     with nearly 300 affiliates.  In addition, AAAS has a membership of
     more than 143,000 scientists, engineers, science educators,
     policymakers, and interested citizens dedicated to scientific and
     technological progress in service to society.  AAAS is the publisher
     of the prestigious, peer-reviewed, weekly journal, SCIENCE.
     Project on Anonymous Communications on the Internet
     Directorate for Science & Policy Programs
     American Association for the Advancement of Science
     1200 New York Avenue, NW, Washington, DC, 20005
     Tel: 202 326 6600 Fax: 202 289 4950
     E-mail: anonspp
     URL: --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-04 21:44:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SET and dual use 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: ptharrison Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
The Worldwide Conspiracy of International Bankers is now engaged
in an unprecedented attack on the Nation State.  Last month, a
so-called consortium of very large banks and their lackies the
branded credit card companies issued a detailed plan to put
strong cryptography into the hands of every statistically
creditworthy human being on the planet.  In issuing the Secure
Electronic Transaction (SET) protocol, this cabal of
transnational, stateless seekers of interest income and
acquisition discounts have detailed a plan by which every
merchant which accepts credit cards, every institution which
issues them, and incredibly every individual who posesses them
would be able to register and share public keys.  Going far
beyond the puny efforts of the "cypherpunks" who established
primitive pretty good privacy key servers and built a web of
trust over the past several years, the International Banking
Conspiracy is attempting to set up a gargantuan web of
certificate authorities to support individuals and corporations
in the publication of their cryptographic identities.
The unpatriotic stools of this conspiracy within our own US
government are expected to legitimize this unholy plan by
permitting the wholesale export of SET-related products under
the guise that SET is purely a financial transaction processing
system.  However, over time it will become clear that this was
the beginning of the end.
The SET co-conspirators have made it abundantly clear in their
specification that the financial security and viability of their
entire initiative relies on the absolute privacy of each
individual's personal keys.  This explicit rejection of the
sharing of keys effectively rules out key escrow schemes for
After an unprecedented global training excercise, in which the
Banking Conspiracy will inculcate the imperative that private
keys must NEVER be shared with anyone (or else your credit cards
will be cancelled or your merchant status revoked), and after
worldwide rollout of products intended to allow secret
communications over any network connection including the
backbone internet, the public telephone system, radio channels,
through corporate and national firewalls, and even by "carrier
pigeon" the "consortium" will exend the SET protocol to allow
the sending of so-called EDI messages (communications which can
be effectively on any topic between any two parties)
over the established global secret network.  An age of secure
private communications will be ushered in.
And then...separate SET-protocol webs will be established where
the "CAs", "merchants" and "cardholders" are simply pseudonyms
for...revolutionary forces intent on trafficing in guns,
laundering money and replacing world governments with child
pornographers, drugs lords and terrorists.  Seemingly innocent
browser software installed everywhere will become the tool of
evildoers to invisibly conduct their own global conspiracies.
Only then, too late, will the Banking Conspiracy realize that
they no longer control the planet and that in true Hegelian
fashion their great idea contained the seeds of its own
Don't say I didn't warn you!
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd:                "Digital Money Online"
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it! For e$/e$pam sponsorship, mail Bob: Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-04 21:43:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Clinton nixes domestic encryption right 
X-Sender: tbell
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
For what it's worth, I had dinner Monday with two people from Gore's office
and one of Microsoft's officers.  The Gore people consistently demanded
mandatory key escrow, though they seemed willing to allow private parties to
do the job so long as GAK remained an option.  The Microsoft person only
went so far as to offer to always make key escrow a *feature*, arguing that
this would in practice get the administration all the GAK it wants because
almost everyone would want to escrow their private keys.
The debate unfolded something like this:
Gore people:  "People using really strong encryption will *want* to escrow
their keys.  Otherwise, lost keys will result in irretrievably lost data."
MS person:  "Oh, sure--especially commerical players.  But you underestimate
the amount of resistance *mandated* escrowing will create.  People want to
*choose* to escrow.  If you let them, they will."
Gore people:  "Well, if they're going to escrow anyhow, what's the problem
with mandating it?"
MS person:  "You don't get it.  Our customers care deeply about their
encryption rights, and we want happy customers.  If the administration will
just back off, it will get what it wants--or, at least, as much as it can at
any rate expect."
It presented a classic case of cultural conflict--in this case, political
cultural confronting commercial culture.
Tom W. Bell
Director, Telecommunications and Technology Studies
The Cato Institute
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-05 02:01:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: $MTP? 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Precedence: Bulk
They've been talking on cypherpunks about various ideas for authenticating
the sender of mail, and it brings up something I've been increasing my
agit-prop efforts on lately.
Unfortunately, the ultimate way for any e-mail authentication scheme to
work is for the *whole* message to be signed, headers and all, and then for
the sending SMTP server to sign the message passes it on, headers and all,
and so forth. The consequences of this approach, in terms of machine
resources, not to mention privacy (plus or minus how close you can get to
perfect pseudonymity), will probably be excessive.
The solution, here, I think, is economic, since this is, at root, an
economic problem. It's also one we've talked about here at length on e$.
That solution is postage.
If you use some kind of hash-collision microcoin protocol like
Rivest/Shamir's MicroMint, or the "hash-cash" stuff people have been
talking about on cypherpunks, you end up with a completely off-line,
extremely small value digital cash system which could be used to pay for
stuff like e-mail postage. The only thing you need to do is to encrypt the
payment to the $MTP (:-)) machine, which then sends your mail. The only
overhead is in handling the money, and, since it's handled offline anyway,
the overhead is going to be much less than authenticating signatures either
with an internal table, or, worse, in an on-line scheme of some kind.
However you do the protocol, you probably want to run it on a sender-pays
basis, as that's where all the economic incentive to spam comes from.
Actually, now that I think about it, a truly sender-pays system would mean
that receiver-collects, and so the *receiving* $MTP machine would be the
one which should actually get the money. This is not too far from the idea
of getting paid to read mail, which has also been discussed on cypherpunks
before. The receiving $MTP machine could even raise or lower its postage
price depending on the load at the time, thus auctioning its processing
resources to the highest bidder. People like e-mail spammers, needing to
send messages to you very cheaply would have to wait until the price comes
down. Some of them could wait a very long time. :-).
Frankly, I see no other solution to this problem in the long run except for
postage, which means it's probably time to start figuring out, in earnest,
how to make it all work. Whoever becomes the lowest cost producer of this
kind of software stands to make a whole *bunch* of money.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-05 07:14:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Welcome to Cypherpunks! / Re: hi 
Say 'amen', somebody.
Oh. I just did, didn't I?
Never mind...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-05 20:57:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Welcome to Cypherpunks! / Re: hi 
Lementing another missed felching opportunity, Mister Monger?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-05 21:55:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: InfoWorld discovers reputation capital 
Reply-To: rah
Organization: The Shipwright Development Corporation
Content-Disposition: inline; filename="displayStory.pl"
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from 8bit to quoted-printable by lbo.leftbank.com id
[Image] [Click here to download free Microsoft Visual FoxPro tools!]
[| Navigational map -- for text only please go to the bottom of the page |]
[|Top News Stories|]
  ABI offers instant company background check on the Web
  By Lisa Moskowitz
  PC World Online
  Posted at 9:03 AM PT, Jul 3, 1997
  If you run a company, large or small, it's good practice to know
  exactly who you're doing business with before you sign any contracts.
  Now you can get the lowdown on potential partners online at a low
  price.
  American Business Credit, a division of American Business Information
  (ABI), sells reports on the credit of the more than 10 million
  businesses in the United States for $3 a pop. Reports include company
  name, address, phone number, fax number, number of employees, type of
  business, Standard Industrial Classification codes, estimated sales
  volume, names of competitors, branch and headquarter locations,
  Internet address, and credit rating. The rating is based on in-house
  research of public information conducted by ABI.
  "A lot of small businesses looking for initial credit screening up
  front come to our Web site," said Rich Chrostek, ABI general manager.
  "The Web service is good for small orders, between 20 and 50 a year,
  and there's no long-term contract involved."
  Customers can order one of ABI's Business Profiles by typing in the
  name of the business they wish to check on, registering as a user, and
  entering a credit card number. Within minutes they can view the
  profile online, then download and print it. The same information at
  the same price can be ordered by calling (888) 274-5325.
  Dun & Bradstreet, ABI's chief competitor, also offers credit reports
  via the Web, but only contract subscribers have access to the most
  comprehensive of its documents, Business Information Reports.
  Subscription fees vary according to customer needs.
  Dun & Bradstreet offers two types of credit profile on the Internet:
  the Business Background report for $20, and the Supplier Evaluation
  for $85. Although these reports are more expensive than ABI's Business
  Profiles, they contain different -- and sometimes more extensive --
  information.
  According to ABI's Chrostek, the company's Business Profile is the
  cheapest business credit report available on the Web.
  "We're giving a cost-effective snapshot of a business," he said.
  "We're a tool, not an end-all solution."
  ABI also sells a CD-ROM of Business Profiles, which is recommended for
  customers who need several hundred credit reports. The CD-ROM is
  updated quarterly and costs $595 for an annual license and 1,000
  profiles.
  American Business Information Inc. can be reached at
    PC World Online, an InfoWorld Electric sister publication, can be
  reached at                      Go to the Week's Top News Stories
 Please direct your comments to InfoWorld Electric News Editor Dana Gardner.
               Copyright (c) 1997 InfoWorld Publishing Company
 SiteMap | Search | PageOne | Conferences | Reader/Ad Services |
 Enterprise Careers | Opinions | Test Center | Features |
 Forums | Interviews | InfoWorld Print | InfoQuote |
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-07 23:41:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FYI: NSA Requests Source Code From Elvis+ 
X-Pgp-Keyid-Fprnt: C053E51D - 4FA3298150E404F2  782501876EA2146A
--- begin forwarded text
The following was posted on Computer Reseller News:
NSA Requests Source Code From Elvis+
By Deborah Gage
Mountain View, Calif.
3:00 p.m. EST Thurs., July 3, 1997
The National Security Agency has asked Sun Microsystems Inc. and Elvis+,
the Russian networking company in which Sun has a 10 percent stake, to
turn over the source code of its SunScreen SKIP E+.
At press time, Sun and the NSA still were negotiating over which parts of
the code Sun must turn over. Elvis+ President and Chief Executive
Alexander Galitsky has refused to turn over all the source code on the
grounds that the government does not need it.
"We will offer the NSA a nondisclosure  agreement and two to four code
modules so they can compare our source code with Sun's source code," said
Steven Hunzicker, chief operating officer of Russia Communications
Research Inc., a technology broker for Elvis+ in Los Gatos, Calif. "We
want to be reasonable and respectful, but not foolish. To ask for the
entire source code is unreasonable in any type of environment, business
or otherwise. Sun wouldn't give up their whole source code to the
This is the latest development between the government, Elvis+ and Sun
over encryption policy. In May, Mountain View, Calif.-based Sun hoped to
sidestep U.S. encryption laws by selling the Elvis+ technology overseas
and importing it into the United States (CRN, May 26). Sun has exclusive
rights to the Elvis+ products on Windows 95 and 3.11. Moreover, the
Elvis+ technology is built from Sun's SKIP encryption and key management
A Sun spokeswoman said Sun was in communication with the U.S. Department
of Commerce, but otherwise had no comment.
The Commerce Department, meanwhile, either will escalate its inquiry into
a full-scale investigation or resolve the issue, said a spokeswoman for
the department.
The NSA declined to comment on the matter.
Sources familiar with the inquiry said the Commerce Department is leaning
toward quiet resolution, despite the NSA's request. "This is not a fight
worth fighting," one source said. "They're watching the situation, but
right now no one wants to play."
Sun also acknowledged this week that the U.S. State Department is
investigating the diversion of a Sun server for unapproved use in China.
A Sun spokesman said the company is cooperating with the government and
is in touch with both the reseller and buyer of the server in an attempt
to get it back.
The spokesman refused to provide further details, citing national
security concerns.
--- end forwarded text
Vinnie Moscaritolo
That Crypto Guy at Apple...
PGP:      4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
DSS/DH:   B36343A790489C8D4E149147D57A7566C206F586
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-07 23:38:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [STEGO] RSA 
I think I figured something out.
Tim hasn't been on the list for a while, and no bot noise. Tim gets on the
list, we get bot noise. The bot's listening for Tim.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-08 01:52:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Duncan Frissell and MarketEarth 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                         Mr. Duncan Frissell,
                         Frissell Associates
                          "Markets Rule! OK
            Bet on MarketEarth -- Bet Against Bureaucracy"
                        Tuesday, August 5, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Mr. Frissell, the Net's most enthusiastic Technoptimist will answer such
questions as:  Why did Central Planning, Deutsche Telecom, and X.25
lose and the Market, telecoms competition, and TCP/IP win?  Can banks
compete with nonbanks?  Why controlling the Nets is as hard as controlling
the thoughts of other people.  Why popular measures like immigration
control are doomed.  What do such phenomenon as the Jewish Holiday
Effect, the Sack Full of Cats in the River Effect, the Canadian Air
Service Effect, the Saturday Morning Shopping Trip Effect, and the
Taiwanese Privatization Effect tell us about the future of government
and the individual?  Why things are not the same and never will be again?
Why the Market is "X-The Unknown," "The Blob," -- and why even Steve
McQueen couldn't save us from it?
"Duncan Frissell makes Kevin Kelly sound like Jimmy Carter." -- Anonymous
Mr. Frissell, an Attorney, privacy consultant, and author, has worked
in what he insists on calling the "Right Wing Nut Investment Community"
for more than 20 years.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, August 5, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, August 2, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00.
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
September Christof Paar        Elliptic Curve Cryptography
October   Peter Cassidy        Military Fiat and Digital Commerce
November  Carl Ellison         Identity and Certification for Electronic
                                Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston

@_date: 1997-07-08 04:20:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hoarding 
Nope, but if it's true, they'll have the entire Mormon denomination down
their throats.
Hey, has anyone noticed that the water temperature keeps going up? Ribbit.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-09 08:29:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: First Monday, July 1997 
X-For: rah
Dear First Monday Reader
We proudly announce the July Issue of First Monday:
Fixed fee versus unit pricing for information goods:
competition, equilibria, and price wars
by Peter Fishburn, Andrew M. Odlyzko, and Ryan C. Siders
Efficient Pricing in Data Transmission Networks: The
Argentine experience
by Mauricio Drelichman
What's the Right Economics for Cyberspace?
by Michael H. Goldhaber
Digital Money, Liquidity, and Monetary Policy
by Aleksander Berentsen
WebMonitor: a Tool for Measuring World-Wide Web Server
by Jussara M. Almeida, Virgilio Almeida, and David J. Yates
E-Journals, Archives and Knowledge Networks: A
Commentary on Archie Zariski's Defense of Electronic Law Journals
by Bernard Hibbitts
Working the Web's Global Community: new books
What's the Right Economics for Cyberspace?
by Michael H. Goldhaber
Which economic theory best describes what goes on on  the Internet? If
you believe as I do that the explosive growth of the  net and its
relatives will likely continue until they become the  dominant arenas
human effort and involvement, this is no idle  question. Theories are
guides to action: sticking to the wrong one can lead  to ruin; adopting
the right one opens the path to success.
WebMonitor: a Tool for Measuring World-Wide Web Server
by Jussara M. Almeida, Virgilio Almeida, and David J. Yates
Server performance has become a crucial issue for  improving the
overall  performance of the World-Wide Web. This paper  describes
WebMonitor, a  tool for evaluating and understanding server
performance, and presents  new results for realistic workloads.
WebMonitor measures activity and resource consumption,  both within the
kernel and in HTTP processes running in user space.  WebMonitor is
implemented using an efficient combination of sampling  and
event-driven  techniques that exhibit low overhead.
Our initial  implementation is for  the Apache World-Wide Web server
running on the Linux  operating system.  We demonstrate the utility of
WebMonitor by measuring  and understanding  the performance of a
Pentium-based PC acting as a  dedicated WWW server.  Our workloads use
file size distributions with a heavy  tail. This  captures the fact that
Web servers must concurrently  handle some  requests for large audio and
video files, and a large  number of requests
for small documents, containing text or images.
Our results show that in a Web server saturated by client requests, up
to 90% of the time spent handling HTTP requests is spent in the  kernel.
These results emphasize the important role of  operating system
implementation in determining Web server performance.
It also suggests  the need for new operating system implementations
that  are designed to  perform well when running on Web servers.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-13 10:48:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: From Hatch's testimony 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: rah (Robert Hettinga)
X-e$pam-source: Various
X-Sender: rah
Sender: owner-espam
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$

@_date: 1997-07-13 22:56:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Ashcroft Encryption Editorial 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: springco (Bill GL Stafford)
X-e$pam-source: bounce-dcsb
X-Sender: rah
Sender: owner-espam
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$

@_date: 1997-07-16 05:17:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: C2Net Software's Stronghold Web Server Adds nCipher 	Hardware Encryption Support 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: rah (Robert Hettinga)
X-e$pam-source: Various
X-Sender: rah
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from 8bit to quoted-printable by lbo.leftbank.com id
Sender: owner-espam
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$

@_date: 1997-07-16 23:02:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Gee, *this* sounds familiar... (Was Re: ICONOCAST 15-Jul-97) 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Precedence: Bulk
Microsoft and Cisco have discovered Micromoney Mitochondria, it seems...
Wanna bet the "physicist" is probably Mhyrvold?
Too bad they don't understand the distinction between book-entries and
bearer certificates...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-18 02:54:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft will NOT ship browser with RSACi on by default 
There is considerable logic to this, viz:
1. Corporations would not exist without government charter. Consequently
they have to do what governments want them to do. Being incorporated in a
number of jurisdictions helps with this, of course.
2. There are partnership options which get the same level of limited
liability, we talked about them here two or three years ago...
3. If governments dissapeared tomorrow (heh...), then business would still
happen, and large businesses would still exist given the economics of scale
inherent in our still-moderately industrial society.
Geodesic internet commerce will probably involve 'swarms' of small business
entities operating in cash-settled auction markets for goods and services,
and so the need for the integrative function corporations provide for
resources and information will eventually dissolve...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-18 11:09:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Center for Security Policy calls for domestic key escrow (fwd) 
Any organization with the word "center" in it's name gives me the creeps
There is no "center" in an information society.
Furthermore, "center" reminds me more and more of "Moscow Center", in
Djerzhinsky Square...
Wishing for better weather. I've had enough 'cold' climate to last lifetime.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-18 23:22:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft will NOT ship browser with RSACi on by default 
Let's see...
How much did that trip to see Clinton on Martha's Vinyard cost last year?
The price of a jet flight and luxocondo rent? Whatever campaign / GAK
consideration Mr. Bill gave Clinton/Gore '96 at the time certainly called
off an entire anti-trust action by the Justice Department in a big hurry.
One could say it netted him all Mirosoft stock appreciation since, about
$18 billion, says Forbes this week.
Of course, payback's a bitch, as we're finding out now in the current
campaign to "save our children from the Internet".
To answer your question, Duncan, Mr. Bill could just go to Bill96 and call
up an Army division anywhere he wanted, I bet, but, frankly, he's much more
likely to ask for Microsoft Internet 99 (nee' Internet II) instead.
Complete, of course, with a brand new feature: Book-Entry Routing(tm).
Payback would be a bitch, again, but it's not Mr. Bill who's paying, is it?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-19 14:16:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Will Monolithic Apps Dominate? 
"The Geodesic Network, OpendDoc, and CyberDog"
 is the first rant I wrote on
 geodesic  software. It ended up in a much(!) shorter form as
a full-page opinion piece in InfoWorld two years ago this October.
Actually, it's about what happened to me at MacWorld almost exactly two
years ago.
Anyway, OpenDoc is now dead, probably because it wasn't geodesic enough, I
think. After all, it called itself a compound document archichitecture, and
people have figured out by now that software won't be about documents at
OpenDoc, as implemented, layered too much onto an increasingly bloated
MacOS. It was awfully slow and required many twidgits and tweaks to make it
all go, and there wasn't enough stuff there when you were finished to want
to use it all. It became the bloatware it was trying to replace.
There will be sucessors to OpenDoc, but I also agree with Dave W(h)iner
that Java is probably more brand name than anything else. Like Chauncey
Gardner, Java is what we project onto it.
But, sooner or later, probably when we figure out how to make bits of code
handle money in somekind of micromoney ecology, with bits of cash as
software and processor 'food', we'll have geodesic software. Software which
scales and upgrades itself to the processor it's using, and which is
infinitely configurable and extremely efficient in its use of computation
resources. Software which gets smaller in order to solve smaller specific
problems instead of getting larger in never-ending cycles of feature-creep.
Software which auctions its services to the highest bidder, and which when
outcompeted by a rival, dies, just like any form of life.
As far as hardware goes, the world will not be populated with the kind of
top-down network-as-mainframe network computer of Larry Ellison's wet
dreams. Microprocessor prices will continue to collapse at least for the
next 10 years, and computers will trend toward ubiquity, moving into
practically every artifact of civilization, and all those computers will
talk to each other on a ubiquitous global internet.
The software those computers use will not be hard-wired, it will be
flexible and upgradable. It will be 'out of control'. It will be geodesic,
like the network itself.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-20 20:23:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Will Monolithic Apps Dominate? 
Just to be clear, when I talk about geodesic software, I'm not talking
about linux, as much as I like the idea of linux personally. In fact, if
the Mac ever dies, I'll probably end up on linux someday. Certainly, once
you put any machine on the internet, its software becomes more geodesic
than it was sitting on a desktop or in a rack, and, for the sake of
argument, I'm willing to agree that because of increasing availablity of
cool free net.stuff in linux, it may more geodesic than Microsoft or Apple
operating systems.
I could be wrong, but the cycle from not having what you need to do
something new, to installing it and running it, is too slow for modern
operating systems like linux to call them geodesic software in the sense
that I was using the phrase. Java the brand-name claims to do this in
"market"space, but Java as running software ain't there yet in cyberspace,
and may never be.
I'm beginning to think that until it's possible for a given processor to
autonomously buy the software it needs for cash in an auction market, and
then download and install that software, all at run time, the
superscalibility of an environment where software is dispersed through the
network (again, "surfacted" is not a bad word to describe this), and run in
the smallest possible bits at the processor level just won't happen.
Nonetheless, I do think that the linux gang is going in the right
direction, especially since most most of the cash-settlement technology we
on this list have all come to know and love is more likely to be used in
linux than anywhere else.
Finally, there's the issue of Mhyrvold's software-as-a-gas idea. That is,
that bloatware is a direct result of Moore's Law. Or, more properly,
Parkinson's Law of bureaucracy ("an organization will expand to fit it's
available resources") come to microprocessing.
In an absolute sense, of course, more processing power is more software
waste. My Mac wastes more cycles than I can physically count in a lifetime
waiting for my next keystroke, and, after more than half a lifetime at the
keyboard, I am a pretty fast typist.
 However, at some point, I think that the added "waste" of profit-and-loss
responsibility at the processor level, effectively a cash-settled auction
market for cycle-time, will yield much more efficiency in allocating
processor time than piling on yet another feature and compiling it in with
the rest of some vertically integrated application behemouth. Waiting for
everybody else's requested features to creep by before the application can
let us have the one we need to use will be a thing of the past when that
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-21 04:01:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Will Monolithic Apps Dominate? (fwd) 
Yeah. I've seen demos of what I think was plan 9, actually it's
successor(?). Both of them were Bell (now Lucent) efforts, right?
Certainly, it looks like it was a step in the right direction, if it works
as advertised.
No, but I bet that if there was a profit-loss feedback loop at the lowest
possible level of the, what?, solution (do we call a group of autonomous
cooperating bits of code an application?) then, at some point in the
development of a cash settlement mechanism, the benefits of efficiency
would far outweigh the extra cost of cash handling.
The idea of micromoney as processor food, I think, gets us a way to pay for
the adaptive evolution with the same, or better, results than we'd get by
top-down monolithic project design.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-25 21:50:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DEATH TO THE TYRANTS 
No. That's Washington, in general...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-28 19:48:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: House Committee Hearing on Money Laundering 
Sender: e$
Reply-To: jmuller (John D. Muller)
Precedence: Bulk
     For those with a strong stomach for testimony on the need to
     strenghten money laundering laws and extend know-your-customer
     requirements to non-banks, material from last week's hearings on money
     laundering and the drug trade by the House Judiciary Committee's
     Subcommittee on Crime are now on-line at
          John Muller
     jmuller
The e$ lists are brought to you by:
Intertrader Ltd:                "Digital Money Online"
Where people, networks and money come together: Consult Hyperion
                    info
Like e$? Help pay for it! For e$/e$pam sponsorship, mail Bob: Thanks to the e$ e$lves:
Of Counsel: Vinnie Moscaritolo (Majordomo)^2: Rachel Willmer
Commermeister: Anthony Templer Interturge: Rodney Thayer --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-28 21:18:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Duncan Frissell and MarketEarth 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                         Mr. Duncan Frissell,
                         Frissell Associates
                          "Markets Rule! OK
            Bet on MarketEarth -- Bet Against Bureaucracy"
                        Tuesday, August 5, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Mr. Frissell, the Net's most enthusiastic Technoptimist will answer such
questions as:  Why did Central Planning, Deutsche Telecom, and X.25
lose and the Market, telecoms competition, and TCP/IP win?  Can banks
compete with nonbanks?  Why controlling the Nets is as hard as controlling
the thoughts of other people.  Why popular measures like immigration
control are doomed.  What do such phenomenon as the Jewish Holiday
Effect, the Sack Full of Cats in the River Effect, the Canadian Air
Service Effect, the Saturday Morning Shopping Trip Effect, and the
Taiwanese Privatization Effect tell us about the future of government
and the individual?  Why things are not the same and never will be again?
Why the Market is "X-The Unknown," "The Blob," -- and why even Steve
McQueen couldn't save us from it?
"Duncan Frissell makes Kevin Kelly sound like Jimmy Carter." -- Anonymous
Mr. Frissell, an Attorney, privacy consultant, and author, has worked
in what he insists on calling the "Right Wing Nut Investment Community"
for more than 20 years.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, August 5, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, August 2, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00.
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
September Christof Paar        Elliptic Curve Cryptography
October   Peter Cassidy        Military Fiat and Digital Commerce
November  Carl Ellison         Identity and Certification for Electronic
                                Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-29 04:41:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: "What is your strategy to avoid RSACi type systems?" 
Jamie Love is one of those nasty Naderites who believes that what the
government shouldn't control, the plaintiff bar should.
I killfiled him on com-priv a long time ago, and, when Tim started rastlin'
ol' Ralph-once-removed here on cypherpunks, I killfiled Love here, too.
Oddly enough, Love has a mailing list with lots of fun government-baiting
goodies in it, so he's not all that bad. Chalk it up to broken clock
disease, I guess...
Actually, now that I think about it, his newsletter talks all about how to
trash "public" utility commission meetings, which of course, wouldn't even
exist if idiots like him and Army-Boot Ralph hadn't created P-U-C's to
F-U-C us all, monopoly-wise, in the first place.
Jamie and Ralph-the-Plaintiff-Bar-Licker are basically Mutt to the State's
Jeff. Same as it ever was...
Thank God for Eudora Pro.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-01 00:46:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: House Report on SAFE 
As if these fuckwits had any conception of cryptography at all.
Sheesh. This is truly the revenge of the NSA.
Telling Louis Freeh -- a man who got his 'bones' busting mafiosi with
wiretaps -- that he couldn't do it any more if strong cryptography was
legal was a pure stroke of luddite genius on the part of Stew Baker & Co.
Self-inflicted sabotage if there ever was any. Frankly -- and I'll probably
get shouted down here for saying this here -- the *only* way to shut these
idiots up is for them to be standing exactly on the other side of economic
progress. Which, to me, means, bearer certificate commerce as fast as
It's impossible to ban aviation if the enemy has strategic bombing, much
less civil aviation. Cavalry charges on tanks look kind of silly.
Economic power is the only power there is.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-07-18 08:54:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: No Subject 
Hi everyone,
Well, I guess it's official now. I'm going to speak at MacWorld on Thursday
the 7th.
If your planning to go to MacWorld, feel free to stop by and talk about e$
and financial cryptography on the Macintosh.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-02 10:02:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PCs, bitte. 
X-Lotus-FromDomain: BIONOMICS @ OUTBOUND
Vitamin B:
Your Daily Dose of Bionomics
August 1, 1997
Going their own way
Even though Germany had signed a pledge
to forget about taxing the Internet earlier this
month, it seems that its parasitic bureaucracy
has other ideas.  A recent multimedia law in
Germany has defined Internet PC's as devices
that can receive audio and video, so the
Gebuehreneinzugszentrale (GEZ), the collector
of the TV tax in Germany, has decided that this
tax applies to PC's as well.  What does this mean
for business?  According to the GEZ, companies
with 100 Internet-enabled PC's will be charged
1000 Marks (about $555), whether the PC's actually
run audio or video or not.
For those unfamiliar with the GEZ, this is the
organization which enforces the TV tax by going
into peoples homes and checking to see how many
sets they own and in some areas driving around
in special trucks to determine which houses receive
Bureaucracies, in an almost living way, seem to write
their own code and respond viciously to threats to
their territories.  Unless the German government
finds a way to limit the power of its bureaucracy,
that territory will get bigger all the time.
Source:  _Ziff-Davis Network News_, July 30, 1997
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-02 10:04:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: JYA Axed 
Ain't this 'self-censorship' stuff a bitch...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-02 12:27:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bionomics banned as a cult in Germany? 
Yeah. Even Newt, Peter Huber, and Stewart Brand are cult members.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-07 08:15:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Introduction of MISTY 
"'set-discuss     'etakeda' ,
    'hirosato' ,
    'kotaro' ,
    'saeki' ,
    'maekawa'     'nakawaji' ,
    'sakagami' ,
    'toka' ,
    'yositake' Sender: set-discuss-owner
Precedence: bulk
This message was addressed to:  set-discuss
For those people who don't know MISTY, which is listed in "Algorithm
independence" of "Input requested for SET version 2.0 priorities",
please let me introduce it to you.
MISTY is a symmetric key cryptographic algorithm and has the following
excellent features:
(1)  Provable Security
    MISTY is mathematically proved to be strong enough against the
  two types of known cryptanalysis attack --- differential cryptanalysis
  and linear cryptanalysis.
(2)  High Performance
    MISTY has a parallel computation nature as an algorithm. So you can
  achieve high performance on both software and hardware. The algorithm
  itself does NOT depend on any special platforms.
You can also get the information about MISTY from the following Web pages.
        Please feel free to ask any questions to us. We would be happy to answer
your questions.
Jun Yoshitake
Senior Research Engineer
Information Security Department
Information Technology R & D Center
Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
5-1-1 Ofuna, Kamakura, Kanagawa 247, JAPAN
Phone : +81-467-41-2182,  FAX : +81-467-41-2138

@_date: 1997-08-08 16:17:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IPSEC Analyst and Engineers Wanted 
X-Authentication-Warning: silence.secnet.com: majordom set sender to
owner-security-jobs using -f
X-Priority: 3
Sender: owner-security-jobs
Precedence: bulk
WANG GOVERNMENT SERVICES
SECURITY SERVICES
POSITION OVERVIEW AND SUMMARY
Organization Overview
The Wang GS Security Services organization is a descendant from the
Honeywell Information Systems group that has been focused on developing
High Assurance computing solutions for the US Government since the late
1970's.  Honeywell was the first vendor to have a system evaluated by
the NSA National Computer Security Center (NCSC) against the Orange Book
(a document that defines levels of trust that can be reached by
operating systems) at the A1 level - the highest - in 1984.  Our XTS 300
product is a direct descendent of the A1 SCOMP platform, and is
currently evaluated at the B3 level of trust.
The Security Services (SS) organization focuses on development and
deployment of secure solutions.   Product activities are contained in a
group focused on the XTS 300 operating system and a trusted guard
development framework product (the SAGE).  The rest of the organization
is focused on implementation of task-specific solutions.  These
currently include:
The DMS/DII Guard:  This is a multi-year development effort that will
result in a XTS 300-based X.400/X.500 guard with strong user
authentication and encryption support (FORTEZZA).
The State Department Guard:  This is a new project that will implement a
proprietary (State-compliant) XTS 300-based telegram network guard that
works with identification of unclassified telegrams.
The Command and Control Guard:  The C2G effort involves the evolution of
an existing XTS 300-based Government-owned Guard application that is
deployed world-wide.
The FBI:  Wang currently has developed and deployed multiple IBM
communications guards for the FBI, and continues to evolve and enhance
the functional capabilities of these XTS 300-based systems.
The IRS:  This effort does not involve the XTS 300.  Rather, Wang is
responsible for the EDI telecommunications and security infrastructure
of the IRS Tax Collection system, based on an NCR commercial Unix
DLA Security Assessment:  Wang currently supports the security planning,
assessment and accreditation activities with the DLA and the Defense
MegaCenter in Dayton, Ohio.
General Technical Requirements
Excellent C and Unix skills (we do not code in C++ except for the IRS
project).  Strong structured design and documentation skills.  Linux OS
on Pentium workstation.  Heavy emphasis on one of the following areas:
Computer Security, Unix Kernel (device drivers, printer drivers, API, OS
construction), Communications (TCP/IP, X.400, X.500, SNMP), Encryption
(PCMCIA or software-based), GUI development (X), Testing.  MUST be
clearable to TS.  MUST have a BS degree or equivalent experience.  MUST
be a self-starter and quick learner.   Competitive compensation and
benefits, casual dress code, technical organization.  Herndon location
as of August 1, 1997.  See
 for product details,
 for information about Wang.
Specific Positions
Senior OS Developer (1)
Candidate will be a member of the XTS 300 OS development staff, and
should have considerable exposure (8-15 years) to the construction and
enhancement of a Unix OS.  Activities include API development and
enhancement, device driver implementation (e.g., printer, SCSI,
"console", PCMCIA devices, ethernet (802.3 + 100Mb or ATM)), application
porting (e.g., X), bug fixes, and new platform porting (from one Pentium
mother board to the next).  Orange Book security a BIG plus.
Junior OS Developer (2)
Candidate will be a member of the XTS 300 OS development staff, and
should be very comfortable with heavy structured C and Unix (OS
construction, release building from source, etc.)  Linux experience a
big plus.  2-5 years experience with heavy C, Unix, and at least one of
the following:  GUI development, application porting on Unix,
communications (TCP/IP, X.4/500, SNMP),  systems installation and debug,
heavy scripts, heavy testing. Orange Book security a BIG plus.
XTS 300 GUI Developer
Candidate will initially be assigned to the State Department Guard task,
and will be responsible for the specification, design, development,
implementation, testing and documentation of the man-machine interfaces
for this Guard (Main-in-the-Middle review capability, dirty word list
management, report generation, etc.).  This will be developed with a
subset of X (Motif-based).  3-5 years experience in X, C, Unix,
documentation, design.
Sr. XTS Applications Developer (3)
Candidate will be a member of the XTS 300 Application Development focus
group, and will be responsible for a lead role in the development of
Guard applications.  Must have 8-15 years heavy C, Unix, Comm (TCP/IP,
X.4/500), structured design, documentation, development, implementation,
testing, debug and support.  Orange Book Security and Guard/Firewall
design a big plus.
Jr. XTS Applications Developer (3)
Candidate will be a member of the XTS 300 Application Development focus
group, and will be responsible for a supporting role in the development
of Guard applications.  Must have 2-5 years heavy C, Unix, with a focus
in one or more of the following: Comm (TCP/IP, X.4/500), structured
design, documentation, development, implementation, testing, debug and
support.  Orange Book Security and Guard/Firewall design a big plus.
Accreditation Support/Risk Assessment
Candidate will be a member of the DMS/DII Guard Development and
Deployment team, and will be responsible for taking a lead role in the
assessment and justification of the assurance of the Guard architecture.
Required 6-12 years experience with trusted solutions and architectures,
X.400/X.500, accreditation and deployment issues.  Strong documentation
and communications (verbal) experience.
Rod Meryweather
Sr. Security Analyst
                     Wang Federal, Inc.
                     540 Huntmar Park Dr.                Wk:  (703)
                     Herndon , Va 22102-4299          Fax: (703)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-09 20:30:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Alert: European Union Bank 
X-Sender: themet
The European Union Bank, which advertised for customers on the
internet and operated out of Antigua, is closed and a fraud alert has
been issued by the government of Antigua.  The founders of the bank,
Serbveo Ushakov, allegedly of Bronxville, New York, and Vietalui
Papsouev of Richmond Hill,  are missing. The government says the two
are Russian nationals.
Employees of the bank were fired last week and a recorded phone
message states that the bank is temporarily closed.  The banks
internet site at The bank's Internet site (  ) is
no longer functioning.
The government of Antigua has appointed Coopers & Lybrand do a full
audit of the bank.
On May 30 the Idaho Department of Finance ordered European Union to
stop soliciting
deposits from Idaho residents over the Internet.  The state alleged
that since the bank operated without a state or federal charter that
it was operating illegally.
Last week that the Bank of England warned investors last fall about
depositing funds in European Union Bank.
There is no word yet on how many people deposited money in this bank
and how much money is missing.  The government of Antigua states it
is cracking down on banks with alleged connections to Russian
All material published is copyright.It must not be reproduced
in any form without the express permission of of the owner.
This Newsletter is broadcast using the List and Newsletter
Management facilities of Silverquick Communications
You may subscribe to FraudNews and the Fraud-Discuss lists on
the web pages at : --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-09 23:32:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: It's cool to be iang@hip97.nl 
Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Unsubscribe: List-Subscribe: Well, sometimes it takes a long time to get a network going, and
sometimes it takes, well, minutes.  Ten minutes ago I wandered
down to the HIP HQ tent and picked up a clothes peg with an IP
number on it, and a slip of paper with some details.
And now I am up and running.  What's more surprising is this a fast
link.  Traceroutes under 10ms are about the best advert I can think
of for XS4ALL, the Dutch provider at the centre of it all.  There's no
flies on the PTT either, with dual 6Mb microwaves and a portable GSM
cell linking this field in the middle of nowhere to central Amsterdam.
It makes you wonder whether this privatisation business is really all
it's cracked up to be.
Lucky Green has done a sterling job as cypherpunk advance campmeister.
When he's not building computer racks out of empty beer bottles (I'm
typing on two crates of real Budweiser!), he's teasing us with a public
key triple DES scrambler.  We're not allowed to use it because we're
not Americans.  But that's cool, as long as we have our SSH and PGP and
we get to empty more beer bottles.
Beer is selling at 4 Hipsters.  Ain't private currencies wonderful :-)
Last night I walked the entire campsite.  Only the clear skys and bright
stars reminded me of a mis-spent youth in the outdoors.  Tents piled
with equipment.  Not the glowflies of Anguilla, but glowing monitors
and flashing leds for our lighting.  Not the sounds of crickets, but
keyboard clicking and "gateway's up" and "who's got address 21" in
multi-lingual hip-speak.
Having got this machine up and going, the only thing I can think of
is to write this email.  But that's ok too, because I'm about to be
booted off.  Squiggle is going to hook up her sonar to Brian the Brain,
the cypherpunk sysadm.  That's for Brian to send out 49.4kHz clicks
so that he knows when to ask for food of passer's by.  Which makes for
two over-worked brains that I can count.
It's cool to be iang
PS: Brian and friend are at --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-09 23:41:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NCash - an experimental digital cash system 
Reply-To: esj
Organization: only slightly
do you know about this??  (probably :-)
--- eric
Content-Base: "
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from 8bit to quoted-printable by
harvee.billerica.ma.us id SAA25447
This corner of the WWW is devoted to information, documentation and source
for the NCash digital cash experiment. Some pointers here are links right
into my source tree, so don't be surprised if you find inconsistencies or
NCash is my Master's project at the Linkping Institute of Technology. The
idea is to design and implement an bare-bones off-line digital cash system,
meeting rather high standards for security and privacy. And then try it out
in the Real World. For simplicity, NCash will be software only, with both
servers and clients running on Unix-like machines.
The cash system being implemented follows the ideas of Stefan Brands'
rather closely, in particular the system described in his 'An efficient
off-line electronic cash system based on the representation problem'.
An excellent introduction to digital cash and related matters are David
Chaum's articles 'Achieving Electronic Privacy' and 'Security Without
Identification: Transaction Systems to Make Big Brother Obsolete', written
1992 and 1985 respectively.
I'm running a mailing list for discussion of the NCash project. The list is
mainly for the persons more or less involved in the project, i.e. me, my
supervisor, other people who have offered help, volunteers who wish to try
out the system when time comes, and some friends and other interested
people. The main language on the list is Swedish.
To subscribe, send mail to . The list address
is . There's also an
A the design and implementation
proceeds, I try to keep up with documenting NCash. If you dare, look at the
latest snapshot as of August 6th. Also available as
The source code will
mostly be written in the Pike language, and will probably be released under
the GNU General Public License, but it's not ready yet for some time.
The server will probably run on a Linux machine that
the mathematics department has kindly given me access to.
  Last modified: Wed May 21 02:53:29 MET DST 1997   Niels Mller
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-09 23:32:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hipped on PGP 
Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Unsubscribe: List-Subscribe: HIP finishes late in the day.  It's 0100 - that's one in the morning
for the temporally challenged - and the smart card workshop has just
broken up.
Actually it was the second pass.  The first pass was 'sold out' at 150
people, this second started at 2300 this evening.  Again, 150 people
turned up and sat through presentations of hardware and data formats
and attacks on the financially finest plastic in Europe.
I have no snippets or revelations, I am not one of the dedicated.  Mondex
remains un-hacked, ChipKnip is secure.  Frankly I'm not interested, I find
the world of smart cards deadly boring.  Perhaps it is the hardware, or
maybe because attacks on smart cards have little chance of realising any
gain or meltdown.
I can on the other hand report that Saturn is safe tonight, as our in-HIP
astrodome is busilly monitoring progress.  What better way to wind down
than to head up to north campground and check out the latest telescopic
tracking software.  Speaking of celestial control, the weather is perfect.
That's by California standards, not European.
Dave del Torto was lucky to be joining us for his talk on PGP user security.
After buzzing the bells of the trainee bag scanner with 15kg of portables
and random cables, he was incarcerated in an investigative cell for a couple
of hours.  Many hours after seeing his flight head east, a state department
goon turns up.
"When are you coming back?" asks the goon, knowing full well the
day.  Dave says "the 16th" blithely unaware that his passport expires on the
day before.  Goon leaves, returns, hands over passport.   Only problem was,
passport was cancelled...  No explanation.  No advice, no help.
How Dave wings it over to HIP and saves the free world has to wait until,
well, another's email.  What disturbs is the gradual, unstoppable closing
of borders in our erstwhile free western neigbour.  Just like the American
predomination, or should I say, embarrasment of topic on the never-ending
crypto saga.
If freedom is to contract a cancer, a malignant tumour, then Dave's talk
on PGP user security is as a promise of the miracle cure, and not the
State Department chemotheropy that cures the disease by killing the patient.
Dave was followed by a presentation by Gary Howland on weaknesses in PGP.
These theoretical problems leave one with niggling doubts as to the accepted
reputation, our holy gail of privacy and security.  There is no need for
panic - many of the attacks are both highly specific, have been recognised
for some time, and have been explicitly fixed in the latest release, PGP 5.0.
But there is pause for thought.  Howland and myself and many other have
built financial cryptographic systems that relied on the mantra of PGP
impregnability.  The attacks he described work best in programmed systems
like ours and those of our more respectable competitors.
For example, imagine building a system that authorised counterparties on
the strength of the PGP id or the fingerprint.
Now we discover that Mallory can make a new key with the same fingerprint.
Whilst not wishing to state that this is the end of the world, clearly we
have to re-evaluate the entire architecture that was built up upon PGP.
We believed in the PGP reputation as much as others, and these attacks
are a timely reminder of the need for eternal hacker vigilance.
These flaws are significant but addressable: PGP 5.0 has fixes for all but
one of the flaws mentioned.  And for the record, whilst Gary's attack to
change conventionally encrypted files without detection was unknown to the
PGP team at the moment, we can be sure that it will be addressed.
Other exciting developments were the van Eyk demonstration by Prof.
Euller.  Not one, not two, but three methods to detect and display
PC monitor signals on a slaved monitor, from distances into the several
hundreds of metres.  There is now little doubt that standard computers
are the FBIs best friend.  What need key escrow?
Signing off and Hipped out.  iang
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-09 23:41:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hipped on PGP 
Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Unsubscribe: List-Subscribe: HIP finishes late in the day.  It's 0100 - that's one in the morning
for the temporally challenged - and the smart card workshop has just
broken up.
Actually it was the second pass.  The first pass was 'sold out' at 150
people, this second started at 2300 this evening.  Again, 150 people
turned up and sat through presentations of hardware and data formats
and attacks on the financially finest plastic in Europe.
I have no snippets or revelations, I am not one of the dedicated.  Mondex
remains un-hacked, ChipKnip is secure.  Frankly I'm not interested, I find
the world of smart cards deadly boring.  Perhaps it is the hardware, or
maybe because attacks on smart cards have little chance of realising any
gain or meltdown.
I can on the other hand report that Saturn is safe tonight, as our in-HIP
astrodome is busilly monitoring progress.  What better way to wind down
than to head up to north campground and check out the latest telescopic
tracking software.  Speaking of celestial control, the weather is perfect.
That's by California standards, not European.
Dave del Torto was lucky to be joining us for his talk on PGP user security.
After buzzing the bells of the trainee bag scanner with 15kg of portables
and random cables, he was incarcerated in an investigative cell for a couple
of hours.  Many hours after seeing his flight head east, a state department
goon turns up.
"When are you coming back?" asks the goon, knowing full well the
day.  Dave says "the 16th" blithely unaware that his passport expires on the
day before.  Goon leaves, returns, hands over passport.   Only problem was,
passport was cancelled...  No explanation.  No advice, no help.
How Dave wings it over to HIP and saves the free world has to wait until,
well, another's email.  What disturbs is the gradual, unstoppable closing
of borders in our erstwhile free western neigbour.  Just like the American
predomination, or should I say, embarrasment of topic on the never-ending
crypto saga.
If freedom is to contract a cancer, a malignant tumour, then Dave's talk
on PGP user security is as a promise of the miracle cure, and not the
State Department chemotheropy that cures the disease by killing the patient.
Dave was followed by a presentation by Gary Howland on weaknesses in PGP.
These theoretical problems leave one with niggling doubts as to the accepted
reputation, our holy gail of privacy and security.  There is no need for
panic - many of the attacks are both highly specific, have been recognised
for some time, and have been explicitly fixed in the latest release, PGP 5.0.
But there is pause for thought.  Howland and myself and many other have
built financial cryptographic systems that relied on the mantra of PGP
impregnability.  The attacks he described work best in programmed systems
like ours and those of our more respectable competitors.
For example, imagine building a system that authorised counterparties on
the strength of the PGP id or the fingerprint.
Now we discover that Mallory can make a new key with the same fingerprint.
Whilst not wishing to state that this is the end of the world, clearly we
have to re-evaluate the entire architecture that was built up upon PGP.
We believed in the PGP reputation as much as others, and these attacks
are a timely reminder of the need for eternal hacker vigilance.
These flaws are significant but addressable: PGP 5.0 has fixes for all but
one of the flaws mentioned.  And for the record, whilst Gary's attack to
change conventionally encrypted files without detection was unknown to the
PGP team at the moment, we can be sure that it will be addressed.
Other exciting developments were the van Eyk demonstration by Prof.
Euller.  Not one, not two, but three methods to detect and display
PC monitor signals on a slaved monitor, from distances into the several
hundreds of metres.  There is now little doubt that standard computers
are the FBIs best friend.  What need key escrow?
Signing off and Hipped out.  iang
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-10 06:32:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Subsect? 
Clearly you haven't read Paradise Lost...
Bob Hetttinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-10 06:21:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Masons and Fnords 
Well, Unitarians like to claim Jefferson, because of a nice letter he wrote
to Joseph Priestly. Of course, we like to claim *all* the cool people...
Of course, exactly how a self-proclaimed congenital Republican small-"a"
crypto-anarchist like me got to be a Unitarian, well, only, um, God, knows.
She must be laughing somewhere...
Bob Hettinga
"Religeon is like dandruf..." -- Robert Heinlein
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-11 01:01:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Carts, horses, other dromedaries, and the needle's eye of economics... 
X-Sender: rah
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Unsubscribe: List-Subscribe: Agreed, but this Russia/Antigua thing is *really* not a big deal.
Expatriation of assets is a completely orthogonal issue to the adoption of
digital commerce and financial cryptography.
That's because financial cryptography is about vastly improving the
financial system, and not at all about killing the nation state to save our
(I knew I'd get your attention with that one... :-))
Personally, I believe that the use of strong financial cryptography is the
way that the internet will bring about the death of the nation-state, and
I'll be extremely happy when that happens, just like a lot of
industrialists rejoiced in the decline and fall of the aristocracy.
However, the nation state will adopt financial cryptography and digital
bearer settlement because it *has* to, economically, the same way that
aristocracy adopted industrialism of its own economic necessity, an act
which ushered in the nation-state and their own political demise. Like all
technological progress, strong financial cryptography should enable you to
do better transactions much cheaper. Technological progress cannot be
commanded or stopped with a political decision, as any student of the
Spanish inquisition, or Stalin, or Mao, will attest.
Clearly, politics may be why you try to invent things in the first place.
Diffie invented public key cryptography and Chaum invented blind signatures
for political reasons, obviously, but their technologies themselves are
value neutral. They're just facts, not political opinions. Remember what
happened to government mandated technologies of the past, like synthetic
fuel subsidies and the 'alternative' energy debacle -- or Lysenko.
Paradoxically, even though people may invent things because of their
politics, the unpredictablity of invention's outcome is such that it is in
fact science -- reality -- that creates politics, and not the other way
around. The political cart cannot be put before the economic and
technological horse.
So, at the risk of using a "utilitarian" argument ;-), discussions about
the "politics" -- even the constitutionality -- of technology is a waste of
time. This is particularly the case in discussions about the politics of
financial cryptography, and, I daresay, all cryptography. It's the
economics of the technology that matters, and since financial cryptography
is by its very definition an economic technology, appeals to politics are
even more irrelevant in discussing it. Cypherpunks knew this a long time
ago, by resisting attempts to herd them into some kind of political action
committee or another. "Cypherpunks write code", and all that.  Of course,
it doesn't keep us all from political kibbitzing -- or writing the
occasional screed. :-).
Just like any successful technology, if a politician gets in the way of
financial cryptography, economic progress should eventually make so much
money that it simply buys him out of the way. If it can't afford to to do
that, then financial cryptography on public networks won't be adopted.
Cynical it may be, it's still that simple.
So, to my mind, the whole question of going offshore is now pretty much
immaterial. We understand now how to do the trustee/boundry-layer work at
any institional trustee bank. We're pretty much at the stage where we can
walk right into the front door as a customer of giant institutional banks
like State Street, or Banker's Trust, or Morgan Guarantee -- or even the
Fed itself. Any bank who wants to hold reserve accounts in trust and to
handle the funds transfer work on behalf of digital bearer cash users on
the net, which any of these kinds of banks will do now already for clients
like investment banks and mutual funds. We understand things well enough
now to plug the net right into the existing financial system, on simple
terms that it understands completely, without any legal problems
whatsoever. And, because of this, we can also turn right around and do all
the things we want to do on the net completely legally: blind signatures,
anonymous transactions, and all. And, frankly, we'll be cheered by the
financial and business community when we do, because we'll probably reduce
the cost of cash transactions by 3 or 4 orders of magnitude, or more, not
to mention creating *profitable* transaction sizes, from picodollar to
teradollar, never before seen in the financial community.
That's because the reason for adopting blind signature technology is not
that you will pay extra to use anonymous bearer certificates, absolutely
not. It's that because of their very anonymity, which enables you to trust
someone who you can never know, digital bearer certificates will probably
be much cheaper to use than non-anonymous digital cash or book-entry
settlement methods, just like cash would be cheaper to handle if it weren't
physical.  Which is, of course, the point of blind signatures in the first
So, if people who sell pornography, or have illegal businesses, want to get
their money onto the net under newer bearer certificate market models like
trustee/underwriter, they should be able to use their own banks to do so,
like everyone else would. All criminals of any real stature have banks who
know them and love having them as customers anyway.
In addition, people will figure out other non-bank ways to get money onto
the net if they want to, especially if there's something to do with it when
the money gets there. I expect that there will be lots of net.smurfs who
will continually find new and better ways to convert meatcash into digital
cash, and law enforcement will have to use the same methods they use now,
probably at the same success rates they now have, to stop that activity.
Frankly, there's no difference between all that and the status quo anyway,
so I really don't anticpate the market for forensic accountants to crash
anytime soon.
It doesn't matter anyway.
All of this concern for potential illegal uses of e$ is in fact peripheral
to the main chance, the central economic fact that strong financial
cryptography on geodesic public networks, anonymity and all, is going to
revolutionize finance and it thus *will* end up legal in its own right,
whether it is or not today in your particular jurisdiction. The potential
for criminal use of financial cryptography is simply noise compared to the
techtonic economic benefit derived from having a ubiquitous geodesic
economy, and frankly, most people in the central bank and economic strategy
business know this. Ironically, these denizens of large central
bureaucracies are turning into some of the biggest behind the scenes
cheerleaders of the technology of financial cryptography.
They understand that a nation state which makes the mistake of
criminalizing or even controlling financial cryptography (and thus any
strong cryptography at all) will go the way of all the nations which
ignored the very industrialism which made them the powers they are now.
Just like the inquisition killed Spain as a world power when it killed
science (and thus literacy) in the name of religeon, effectively exiling
it's entire intellegencia to Amsterdam and London and Geneva, so too will
any nation state kill itself if it ignores internet bearer settlement.
Except that the "country" the money goes to will not be someplace like
Antigua, but the very net itself, which is everywhere and nowhere, all at
Fortunately, we don't even have waste our breath making that argument. We
just need to develop the technology on the critical path, which means that
our business as developers and sellers of financial cryptography products
is to create the ability for people to spend money on the net with as
little concern as possible for who they are, biometrically. The cheapest
way to do that right now is to use a certificate purchaser's existing bank
to authenticate them, coupled with some combination of back-channel, and
eventually internet-tunneled, automatic teller network and ACH/Fedwire
transactions, all of which gets meatspace money in and out of a trustee's
reserve account.
This will solve all our authentication issues and make the user's money
convertable into digital bearer certificates, all with no great mental
leaps from the banking -- or regulatory -- communities.  All the
underwriter sees is an authorization from the trustee to issue
certificates, and then anonymous certificate exchanges after that. All the
trustee sees is authorization and a promise from the purchaser's bank to
wire funds to cover what for all intents and purposes is an ATM withdrawl.
All the purchaser's bank sees is a request from an account holder
equivalent to an ATM withdrawl or deposit. All the buyers and sellers see
is money and goods. :-). Nobody knows who does what to whom, anymore than
they do with handling and accounting for cash in meatspace, and every's
happy. And, ironically, everyone's accountable enough to the regulatory
authorities for the time being.
If we let the existing banking system handle the authentication at the
meat/net boundry layer in this fashion, all the feared jurisdictional and
regulatory problems for digital cash and digital bearer certificate finance
are instantly defined out of existance.
Even FinCEN itself knows it can't police cyberspace if book entries are
economically impossible there. They also know that they can do their jobs
just fine for the time being by tracing money up to the net, and watching
for it to come out somewhere else. Detective work will never go out of
Fortunately for cryptoanarchists everywhere, financial assets will someday
just stay on the net, because the net is where the information that feeds
markets for financial assets will be in the first place, just like
industrial assets ended up in cities because that's where the information
to manuplate them was. The millenium will have arrived.
To continue in the millenial vein, we can continue to render unto Caesar
all the financial information he can force out of us in meatspace, because
the "kingdom" of net is where all the real money will eventually be, and he
can never go there. To beat our aforementioned and, only-apparently-defunct
wagon-pulling dromedary anology with a rather large ironic stick, it will
be easier to get a camel through the eye of a needle than it will be
maintain a nation-state in a net economy.
Even more fun, economic necessity dictates that the camel, or whatever
other, say asinine, dromedary you have in mind, will have to build the
needle's eye the rest of us will walk through, or they'll go out of
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-12 00:25:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [Fwd: fwd: Digital Signature Amendment in US House Today] 
Reply-To:     Digital Signature discussion Sender:       Digital Signature discussion Received: from mailhub.state.ma.us (mailhub.state.ma.us [146.243.12.156]) by
 maildeliver0.tiac.net (8.8.0/8.8) with ESMTP id NAA19610 for ;
 Thu, 7 Aug 1997 13:51:57 -0400 (EDT)
Received: from vinesgw1.state.ma.us by mailhub.state.ma.us; Thu, 7 Aug 1997
 13:57:05 -0400
Received: by vinesgw1.state.ma.us; Thu, 7 Aug 97 13:51:10 EDT
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
               charset=US-ASCII
Below, please find a NIST legislative effort to set national PKI standards
- including CA and digital signature standards ("The Panel shall develop .
 .  standards to ensure consistency among jurisdictions that license
certification authorities").  To the credit of the drafters of this
amendment, they do seek some participation by state gov. and other
stockholders to inform the process.  Also to their credit, they are seeking
ways to develop national uniformity in this area generally.
Questions: why is this focused on the license of CAs and not on the more
desirable "accreditation" standards that must be developed?  Perhaps it is
for the good that accreditation of CAs remain primarily a private sector
activity (outside the scope of Federal government direct control and
regulation) - but this NIST language seems to assume multi-jurisdictional
license of CAs (what other requirements will the federal government seek to
impose through license - key escrow?  pricing? particular technological
implementations?  pre-conceived business models?)  What will be the market
impacts of such license requirements?
This raises some interesting questions about where to strike the optimal
balance between top-down federal government's national consistent standards
versus working with private sector leadership/self-governance organizations
to develop national standards (hence allowing more innovation,
responsiveness to change and (I believe) better standards for this very
dynamic and young area).  Can this be done through "license" - perhaps so.
Assuming we create the right license criteria - such as: "you are deemed to
be licensed if you have been accredited by XXX") - then we just need to
make sure that accreditation (or some level of accred) is minimally
adequate for the interests that would have been served by license.
For that matter, the question should be asked "licensed to do what?"  If
the federal government has a particular federal agency that needs to accept
outside certificates to authenticate a citizen or business, then I can see
them requiring that the issuing CA be licensed.  Beyond such a scenario,
why should the federal government require CAs to be licensed just to do
business?  If license is voluntary and not mandatory - what government
benefits or harms would follow from being licensed or not? Will export
control be used to force compliance with license requirements?
The federal government can lend a helpful hand in the process of designing
appropriate license criteria for federal programs, and that criteria could
be useful at the state gov. and private sector levels as well.  However, it
seems to me that it would be unwelcome and unwise at this point in time for
the federal government to arrogate to itself the power and jurisdiction to
regulate this industry in a complete way through license (it has been said
that the power to tax is the power to destroy - that goes double for the
power to license).  In the future, if there develops a demonstrable problem
with consistent CA practices evolved by market based solutions  (as
facilitated by accreditation), then I think a credible case could be made
at that time for the federal government to step in with some standards in
the interests of inter-state commerce.  At that time, any standards should
be narrowly tailored to actual market failures and specific non-uniformity
issues.  Until then, we should use the considerable resources envisioned by
the amendment (see below) to encourage private sector leadership and
innovation in this area.
Of course, through purchase power, the public sector has the right and the
obligation to apply pressure through aggregation of demand as a way to get
interoperable products.  Any such pressure should be exerted in a manner
that is consistent with current private sector electronic commerce
practices and needs.  It is relevant to point to the NASIRE CA
accreditation initiative in this regard, is an important effort to work
with the private sector to create voluntary standards for the use of
digital signature technology.
Original Text
Hello -
I'm glad we touched base at the NIST conference - I still would like to ask
you a couple questions on the pre-emption issue. But first, the point of
_this_ message is that I though you would be interested to know that the
Technology Subcommittee of the House Committee on Science added about an
hour ago this amendment (among others) to HR 1903, the NIST "Computer
Security Enhancement Act of 1997."
(a) National Policy Panel - The Under Secretary of Commerce for Technology
shall establish a National Policy Panel for Digital Signatures, composed of
nongovernment and government technical and legal experts on the
implementation of digital signature technologies, individuals from
companies offerring digital signature products and services, State
officials, including officials from States which have enacted statutes
establishing digital signature infrastructures, and representative
individuals from the interested public.
(b) Responsibilities - The Panel shall serve as a forum for exploring all
relevant factors associated with the development of a national digital
signature infrastructure based on uniform standards that will enable the
widespread availability and use of digital signature systems. The Panel
shall develop -
(1) Model practices and procedures for certification authorities to ensure
accuracy, reliability, and security of operations associated with issuing
and managing certificates;
(2) standards to ensure consistency among jurisdictions that license
certification authorities; and
(3) audit standards for certification authorities.
Adam White Scoville
Center for Democracy & Technology
Adam White Scoville
If you wish to send me a secure message, encrypt it with PGP, using my
public key available at . For more
information about PGP and encryption, visit . A free
version of PGP (for  MacOS and Windows) is available at
. A free version of the popular Eudora
mail program (also for both MacOS and Windows) which incorporates PGP is
available at .
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-12 01:04:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Elliptic Curve Cryptography and Digital Commerce 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                         Dr. Christof Paar
                  Cryptography and Data Security Group,
                   Worcester Polytechnic Institute
             Elliptic Curve Cryptography and Digital Commerce
                        Tuesday, September 2, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Elliptic Curve (EC) public-key cryptosystems have matured from an area of
mainly theoretical interest to a highly practical security tool. EC are a
general-purpose public-key scheme which can provide tasks such as digital
signature, key establishment, and encryption. EC are extremely attractive
because the required operand length is dramatically reduced compared to
RSA and DSA-type algorithms: The security of an RSA system with 1024 bits
corresponds to the security of an EC system with only 160 bits. This can
result in considerably faster processing times, e.g., for digital
signature verification, and shorter certificates. One application area of
special interest are smart cards.
This talk will give a brief, non-technical introduction to EC system.
Current security estimations relatively to RSA will be provided. We will
talk about performance and the adoption of EC systems in standard bodies.
Christof Paar leads the Cryptography and Data Security group in the ECE
department of Worcester Polytechnic Institute.  Dr. Paar's research
interests include security issues in wireless and ATM networks, smart
cards, efficient implementation of elliptic and hyperelliptic curve
public-key algorithms, and hardware implementation of cryptosystems.  Dr.
Christof Paar received a BSEE degree from the Technical College of
Cologne, Germany.  He obtained an MSEE degree from the University of
Siegen, Germany, and did graduate research at Michigan Technological
University.  From 1991-1994 he worked as research fellow at the Institute
for Experimental Mathematics in Essen, Germany, from where he received a
Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering.  In 1993 and '94 he spent time as a
visiting researcher at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, September 2, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, August 30, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00.
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
October   Peter Cassidy        Military Fiat and Digital Commerce
November  Carl Ellison         Identity and Certification for Electronic
                                Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston

@_date: 1997-08-13 06:00:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Dept. of Commerce Forum on CAs 
Reply-To:     Digital Signature discussion Sender:       Digital Signature discussion      The Department of Commerce has started to build up a Web site with
     content from its request for comment and July 24 forum on public
     certification authorities.  Public comments submitted electronically
     are now online at      John Muller
     jmuller
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-13 06:07:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: List of crypto-related courses 
X-Sender: tnh
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Timothy N. Hill" Make that
          ^         ^
 - Tim
Timothy N. Hill    "Let me tell you something, son,
Wellesley, Massachusetts, USA   Before you get much older.
   You cannot hit the ball, my friend,
PGP  3FAA C8B3 D7BB 9C93 882E   With the bat upon your shoulder."
     4221 2F66 EFF4 00C6 CF92    - Bill "Lord" Byron, The Singing Umpire
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-15 23:38:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PKIX Part 3 REQUIRES SUPPORT OF KEY RECOVERY? 
X-Authentication-Warning: blacklodge.c2.net: majordom set sender to
owner-cryptography using -f
X-PGP-Key: X-Sender: rodney
Sender: owner-cryptography
(This is a note I posted on the PKIX (Public Key Infrastructure) mailing
list.  I would be interested in comments on this document -- the draft is
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-16 01:32:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ASSETS FORFEITURE BILL ON THE MOVE 
X-Sender:  (Unverified)
GENERAL-RKBA digest 282
                ASSETS FORFEITURE BILL ON THE MOVE
     At press time, the U.S. House Judiciary Committee had passed
H.R. 1965 -- an assets forfeiture bill. This legislation contains
provisions that would allow the Clinton-Gore Administration to
seize the assets of virtually any business on any pretext --
including firearms-related businesses! Even if the warrant for
the original seizure is struck down, the government would then be
given additional time and "discovery" to examine the business
records to try and build a case to continue holding the assets
(read: firearms). Virtually any business that has any substantive
inventory and that is extensively regulated by the government is
in danger of having its goods seized -- even for non-criminal
regulatory infractions. H.R. 1965 is a Clinton-Reno scheme -- and
a civil rights nightmare -- and we strongly believe it will be
used as a tool against gun stores, collectors, or anyone else who
has a firearms collection or inventory worth stealing. We are
trying to work in Congress to get the needed changes to this
legislation before it is brought to the House floor, but it may
be put on a fast-track to try and dampen opposition. Call your
Congressman now at 202/224-3121, and explain the problems with
asset forfeiture from the gun owner's perspective, and urge him
to oppose the Reno-backed asset forfeiture scheme.
                  AND THE TALL TALES GET TALLER
     Hoping that going on the offensive would provide him with a
good defense, President Clinton has elevated the falsehoods
surrounding the Brady Act to new heights. Obviously anticipating
that the Supreme Court would strike down the "mandated background
check" provision of the Brady Act, the President, along with
Sarah Brady, began touting their latest statistics on the Brady
Act's "success." (For a complete summary of the Court's decision,
see the article on this subject in the September issue of the
American Guardian.) Previously, the President, Attorney General
Janet Reno, and others used the inflated figure of 186,000 to
note the number of felons, fugitives, and stalkers they claimed
were prevented from buying a handgun under Brady. That 186,000
figure was derived from a February 1997 Bureau of Justice
Statistics (BJS) report that concluded that of nine million
handgun transactions nationwide, 186,000 (2%) were rejected. The
President, in turn, incorrectly claimed that the BJS study showed
that the Brady Act had resulted in 186,000 handgun purchase
attempts by prohibited persons being denied. However, the BJS
stated on the front page of its report the 186,000 was a national
estimate. Recognizing that 18 states and the District of Columbia
have never been subject to Brady's five-day waiting period, BJS
noted only 86,000 denials occurred in the 32 "original Brady
states." Even that figure is inflated, however, because 12 of
those 32 states are no longer subject to Brady, having adopted
instant check or other laws in the past three years.
Additionally, many Brady-exempt states conduct records checks on
people who purchase long guns, while Brady only applies to
handguns. However, prior to the Court's ruling, Mr. Clinton upped
the ante by unveiling his newest "success statistic." According
to the President, apparently in the course of a few months, the
number of felons denied handgun purchases under Brady
miraculously skyrocketed to 250,000!
     Even if that claim was true, "handgun purchase
denials"--warranted or not (data indicates that most denials are
not)--is not the standard by which the Brady Act should be
judged. Rather, the effectiveness of a law titled the "Handgun
Violence Prevention Act" should be measured by how much handgun
violence is prevented. And on that test, Brady is a failure, as
we know our prisons aren't bursting at the seams from "felons"
who violated federal law by attempting to purchase a handgun. In
fact, there have still been only three individuals who've seen
the inside of a prison cell for violating the Brady Act.
Unfortunately, in addition to the numerous individuals who've
been denied a handgun purchase under the Brady Act because they
had unpaid parking tickets or had the same name as a prohibited
person, the truth apparently will continue to be another casualty
of this misguided law.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple's Key Escrow Agent (for now)
PGP:      4FA3298150E404F2782501876EA2146A
DSS/DH:   B36343A790489C8D4E149147D57A7566C206F586
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-18 03:41:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hettinga's e$yllogism 
First of all, Anonymous, proving a negative is logically impossible. :-).
Second of all, in general, escrow is H1, and strong crypto, the status quo,
is H0, so it's up to *proponents* of escrow to prove that it'll have the
same, or actually significantly better, results, than strong crypto would.
The same thing holds true for bearer certificates, in general. The
difference in cost between traceable and and anonymous digital bearer
certificate technology is lost in the noise of the enormous benefit of not
using book-entries for transaction settlement anymore. Since they're the
same price, and anonymous bearer certificates are more secure, people will
probably select anonymous certificate protocols for the extra security.
Okay, now on to Tim...
*This* should be fun...
Amen. I also expect that the very definition of "amazing" will be in
greater utility (horrors!) to mankind. Progress, in other words. Which, of
course, is defined almost any way you cut it as more stuff for less work,
and which is usually measured in the price of things on an open market.
(Yes, I know. Money isn't everything, and freedom is probably the most
important thing there is. However, in a literal sense, freedom is not
priceless. It must be paid for. Fortunately, since people demand it so
much, progress can also reduce the price of freedom, just like it does with
other goods. :-).)
One only needs to see the recent IBM FUDomercial about fear of commerce on
the net, or any of the other equivalent  niggling stuff in the press on
digital commerce, to give the lie to that argument. Again, if there's no
material difference between the cost of weak cryptography and strong
cryptography, which one are you going to choose? Occam's razor, and all
We've demonstrated time and time again that the cost of audit trails in
book entries is necessary for non-repudiation. "And then you go to jail" is
the error-handler we all have to live with in our transaction architecture,
because we couldn't move paper bearer certificates down a wire, and storage
of paper costs more money than numbers in a book or database. We pay for
that enforcement "subroutine" with taxes. With bearer certificates, none of
that cost, database storage, access/authentication -- or law enforcement --
is necessary.  If you *do* want audit trails with bearer certificates, you
have to put them back in as some type of kludge. Or, even if you figure out
how to leave them out, like Dan Simon did, you gain no material cost
advantage over anonymous certificates. So why do it? Just 'cause the
government wants it isn't an answer. Nation states have always wanted to do
lots of things which are economically impossible, and those things haven't
happened either.  Reality is not optional.
Well, I've already answered this using, horrors, utilitarian arguments,
but, directly on the merits of your argument, the most sweeping commerce
protocols will be peer-to-peer ones, checks, cash, and the like. That
leaves a lot of points of weakness to the system. Not the least of which
would be any central place where the transactions are reported. Theft could
be done unobtrusively and on a large scale, and the nagging fear of that is
exactly what stuff like the IBM FUDomercial preys on, causing a "chilling"
effect on commerce in general. The answer is strong cryptography, which
costs the same anyway. So, Financial Cryptography is Strong Cryptography.
They can do all they want, but eventually, it boils down to whether strong
cryptography makes more money than weak crypto. I'm firmly convinced that
that is the case. Hence the syllogism.
Frankly, simple is usually right. Progress in science is usually about
replacing klunky complex ideas with more simple and elegant ones.
Einsteinian space-time distortion is simple to visualize, so too is the
double helix, or Newton's Laws, or the efficient market hypothesis, or
Coase's stuff. Complexity is usually a symptom of cluttered and thus
ineffective theory. Otherwise, we'd still be calculating orbits with
Occam's Razor. It's not just a good idea, it's the only idea. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-18 03:44:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Canarypunk: Jim Bell in a coalmine 
Okay. So we know that Bell has pled, and he's in there for a while.
How long until he gets out, now?
Has he moved to another facility?
Is all this moot because he's admitting to something which is not related
to his activities on this list? If I remember, his A/P rant here was still
pretty central to the Feds' case, right?
Well, if he's still in there, and Vince Cate is up for it, we can probably
give you a scholarship, which, for FC98, means we let you in the door free.
Unfortunately, we're not quite in the business of flying people down to
Anguilla and putting them up, just yet, so you're still going to have to
get there under your own power. Also, this would be a one shot deal, in
that we couldn't really do this for anyone else. First person(s) to the
train locker, and all that. Mostly it's to show that I, and maybe Vince, if
not the rest of the FC++ organization, realize that there, for the grace of
the net, go us, too, someday, if we don't do something to show that people
like Jim Bell, however loony or repugnant their ideas are to us personally,
are not alone.
I think we're all guilty of that, myself. Frankly, every subscriber to this
list has said things, probably on this very forum, which can be used, if
not now, then someday, to politically incarcerate them. Cockroaches scatter
in the presence of light, however. So maybe it's time to shine a little
light into the coal mine and see if the canary still breathes...
I also agree that simple speech is probably not what got Mr. Bell into
jail. However, he is the first cypherpunk to go to jail for talking about
what is an inherently cypherpunk idea. Not to mention a somewhat plausible
application of financial cryptography. :-).
Let Vince and I know how many people are going with you. We can't go giving
free badges to everyone who visits Bell in jail, but we can sweeten the pot
with a few FC98 tickets to committed cypherpunks who might not go to FC98

@_date: 1997-08-19 08:18:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Grawemeyer World Order Nomination Period 
I'm sorry, but this was too funny to pass up...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
                                          August 18, 1997
Dear Colleagues:
      With this note, I am making several important announcements. First,
the University of Louisville is currently accepting nominations for the 11th
annual Grawemeyer Award in Ideas Improving World Order. Administered by the
Department of Political Science, this award carries a cash prize of one-
hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000). Nominations for the 1998
competition must be received by October 31, 1997. The submission process is
relatively simple, nominators must complete a one page form and a nomination
letter. Self-nomination is permitted.
      Second, please also make note of the world wide web home page for the
Grawemeyer World Order Award. This location hosts some material about the
nomination and selection processes and a list of past winners and their prize
winning work. Additional information is added periodically. The address for
the web page is:
            Third, I will be attending the APSA meetings next week in Washington
and would be happy to meet with prospective nominees or nominators--or
those curious about the award. You might want to contact me in advance.
Please note that I will not be available on Thursday the 28th. I plan to
distribute copies of our new brochure to relevant publishers and I will
try to place additional copies in a prominent spot.
      For further information, feel free to contact me by e-mail at:
rapayn01 by telephone at (502) 852-3316; by fax at
(502) 852-7923; or by writing in care of the Department of Political Science,
University of Louisville, Louisville, KY, 40292.
      Alternatively, those interested might wish to contact Ms. Arlene
Brannon, who assists in the administration of the award. Her telephone number
is (502) 852-1009, her e-mail address is aabran01 and
she can be reached at the Departmental address and fax number listed above.
                                          Sincerely,
                                          Rodger A. Payne, Ph.D.
                                          Director
                                          Grawemeyer Award for
                                           Ideas Improving World Order
P.S. I apologize to those who receive duplicate copies of this mailing.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-19 22:42:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CIA unveils new ghetto drugs for '98 
Resent-Date: Mon, 18 Aug 1997 09:31:56 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2124
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Nev Dull Forwarded-by: chuck yerkes Forwarded-by: Alex Reith LANGLEY, VA -- After months of eager anticipation within the nation's
ghetto communities, the Central Intelligence Agency unveiled its 1998 line
of addictive drugs Monday.
"The wait is over," CIA Director George Tenet said at the festive drug
launch, simulcast on giant-screen TVs throughout Watts, Cabrini Green,
Newark, and other urban areas. "Inner-city Americans now have four
exciting new ways to narcotize themselves, with the quality of product
and wide distribution they've come to expect from the CIA."
Reaction to the new drugs (see sidebar) was overwhelmingly positive.
"They had a tough act to follow after crack," said New York-area Mafia
boss Alfonse DiBiasi, Tenet's close friend and former college roommate.
"But this new stuff is just as cheap and every bit as addictive. We're
all very excited."
President Clinton praised the CIA as well. "This is a win-win situation
for all Americans," he said. "Inner-city Americans will receive the
powerful drugs they love, and the CIA will raise the funds they can't get
from Congress to get their Jonestown mind-control experiment up and
running again."
The new drugs are supported by months of CIA testing to ensure maximum
potency and addictiveness. Focus groups, consisting primarily of homeless
men and street orphans culled from ghettos around the country, were housed
in an underground research facility beneath CIA headquarters in Langley,
VA. Only after six months of exhaustive experimentation on members of this
target demograph, who sampled hundreds of drugs, were the final decisions
"Everybody loves me because I am so beautiful. Anything is possible. I am
going to live a very long and happy life," said Oakland, CA, native
Charles Simmons, who spent 10 weeks testing Blue Glass, the CIA's new
smokable euphoric drug. Simmons then leapt out a window to his death.
"I they I drugs these are very feel good right," said Dwayne Woodson of
Bronx, NY, another CIA test participant. "Pork chops three for $2.99."
CIA officials said that testing is necessary in order to avoid releasing
potentially dangerous substances into the ghettos.  "One initially
promising drug was later discontinued due to undesirable side effects,
such as increased intelligence and feelings of love for others," said Dr.
Harold Vandermeer, head of the CIA's narcotics development team.
Initial product rollout began this week in the ghetto neighborhoods of
Los Angeles, Detroit and New Orleans, with all residents receiving a
special drug-sampler pack in the mail, including a full-color,
English-Spanish promotional pamphlet and instructional videotape. If the
market response is as favorable as the CIA expects, the drugs should be
available in every ghetto in the nation as soon as September 1st.
"I thought I'd never say this," Tenet said, "but put down that crack pipe,
ghetto-dwellers: You're going to love these new drugs."
Tenet went on to state that none of the above events "ever happened" and
categorically denied any CIA connection with the new drugs.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-19 23:05:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: It's Official... 
The ganglia, as they say, twitch...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: rah
                        August 19, 1997
                  It's Official: Net Abusers Are
                  Pathological
                  (08/13/97; 7:00 p.m. EDT)
                  By Evan Schuman, TechWire
                  CHICAGO -- Another yardstick of
                  success will be achieved by the
                  Internet community on Thursday: It
                  will be awarded its first official
                  mental health disorder.              For Related
                                                       Stories:
                  The newly identified disorder will
                  be dubbed Pathological Internet Use  Fatal
                  (PIU) and will be christened during  Distraction? --
                  the presentation of a major medical  Learning The
                  paper at the annual convention of    Signs Of Online
                  the American Psychological           Addiction--HomePC
                  Association in Chicago.
                                                       We're Becoming
                  The term is being coined by Dr.      Cyber
                  Kimberly Young, an assistant         Junkies--Electronic
                  professor of psychology at the       Engineering
                  University of Pittsburgh at          Times
                  Bradford, in Bradford, Pa. With her
                  paper's presentation, the APA will
                  classify excessive Internet use as
                  addictive, in the same way that
                  drugs (including alcohol), gambling,
                  video games, and some types of
                  eating disorders are today
                  officially considered addictive.
                  Like those other ailments, Internet
                  addiction starts when the rest of
                  the person's life starts to fall
                  apart, the paper stated. The
                  Internet is a fine hobby or work
                  tool, until it causes problems with
                  social partners, work, or school,
                  Young said.
                  Young studied 396 cases of
                  PIU-afflicted people and drew some
                  overall conclusions.
                  Net marketers need not fear, as
                  traditional Web surfing accounted
                  for only 7 percent of the Internet
                  addicts and even more
                  information-oriented tools (gophers
                  [Image] and FTP[Image] sites, for
                  example) represented only an
                  additional 2 percent.
                  "Upon examination, traditional
                  information protocols and Web pages
                  were the least utilized compared
                  with more than 90 percent who became
                  addicted to the two-way
                  communication functions: chat rooms,
                  MUDs [Multi-User Dungeons],
                  newsgroups, and E-mail," Young said.
                  "This makes the case that database
                  searches -- while interesting and
                  often time-consuming -- are not the
                  actual reasons Dependents become
                  addicted to the Internet."
                  Young said one surprise in the
                  results was the lack of high-tech
                  people among the addicted. "While it
                  is a common perception that those
                  addicted to the Internet are
                  computer savvy individuals, these
                  demographic results show that only 8
                  percent came from high-tech jobs,"
                  she said. "Compare this to the 42
                  percent who indicated having no
                  permanent jobs and the 39 percent
                  who worked in low-tech fields. It is
                  typically newbies who become
                  excessive Internet users."
                  Among the jobs that she classified
                  as low-tech were secretaries, bank
                  tellers, teachers, advertising
                  executives, and journalists.
                  The report said that the attraction
                  of the Internet revolves around its
                  perceived anonymity, where people
                  feel comfortable acting out in ways
                  they would never consider in real
                  life.
                  "The ability to enter into a
                  bodiless state of communication
                  enabled users to explore altered
                  states of being that fostered
                  emotions that were new and richly
                  exciting," Young said. "Such
                  uninhibited behavior is not
                  necessarily an inevitable
                  consequence of visual anonymity, but
                  depends upon the nature of the group
                  and the individual personality of
                  the online user."
                  "For those who felt unattractive, it
                  was perceived easier to pick up
                  another person through cybersex than
                  in real life," she said.
                  But beyond sexual issues, newsgroups
                  and chat lines allow people to
                  literally create and secretly test
                  new personalities before trying them
                  out in the real world. "Beyond
                  amusement, reinventing oneself is a
                  way to fulfill an unmet need. The
                  loss of a social identity online
                  allows one to reconstruct an ideal
                  self in place of a poor
                  self-concept," Young said. "Those
                  who suffer from low self-esteem,
                  feelings of inadequacy, or frequent
                  disapproval from others are at the
                  highest risk" of becoming Net
                  addicts.
                  She quoted one participant in the
                  survey as telling her, "By day, I am
                  a mild-mannered husband, but at
                  night I become the most aggressive
                  bastard online."
                  The addiction can become a problem
                  when the new emotional creation
                  makes inroads into real lives or
                  when the time spent in the virtual
                  life takes away from
                  responsibilities in the real life.
                  The addicted Internet user will
                  spend an average of 38 hours per
                  week online dealing with
                  nonemployment/nonacademic efforts,
                  compared with "nonaddicts" in the
                  survey who averaged eight hours.
                  Almost half of the participants
                  diagnosed with PIU reported that
                  they get less than four hours of
                  sleep per night due to late log-in
                  sessions.
                  Another reason for some of the
                  addictions is the sense of community
                  that some newsgroups create. "With
                  routine visits to a particular group
                  (chat area or newsgroup, for
                  example), a high degree of
                  familiarity among other group
                  members is established.
                  Like all communities, the cyberspace
                  culture has its own set of values,
                  standards, language, signs, and
                  artifacts, and individuals adapt to
                  the current norms of the group,"
                  Young said.
                  "One can easily become involved in
                  the lives of others almost like
                  watching a soap opera and thinking
                  of the characters as real people,"
                  she said.
                  Young's report said that this is
                  especially attractive to people who
                  might find it difficult to establish
                  other social circles. "Homebound
                  caretakers, the disabled, retired
                  individuals, and homemakers have
                  limited access to others," she said.
                  Internet addiction centers have
                  already been created at facilities
                  ranging from the University of
                  Maryland at College Park to Proctor
                  Hospital in Peoria, Ill., to Harvard
                  affiliate McLean Hospital.
                  The test group broke down into 157
                  men and 239 women; the average age
                  for the males was 29, and the
                  average age for the women was 43.
                  [end]
                   WHAT CONSTITUTES PATHOLOGICAL INTERNET USE?
                   Do you:
                     1. feel preoccupied with the Internet (i.e.,
                        thinking about the Internet when offline)?
                     2. feel a need to use the Internet with increasing
                        amounts of time in order to achieve satisfaction?
                     3. have an inability to control your Internet use?
                     4. feel restless or irritable when attempting to cut
                        down to stop Internet use?
                     5. use the Internet as a way of escaping from
                        problems or of relieving a poor mood (i.e.,
                        feelings of helplessness, guilt, anxiety, or
                        depression)?
                     6. lie to family members or friends to conceal the
                        extent of involvement with the Internet?
                     7. jeopardize or risk the loss of significant
                        relationship, job, educational or career
                        opportunity because of the Internet?
                     8. after spending an excessive amount of money on
                        online fees, often return another day?
                     9. go through withdrawal when offline (e.g.,
                        increased depression, anxiety, etc.)?
                    10. stay online longer than originally intended?
                   Individuals who met four or more of these criteria
                   during a 12-month period were classified as dependent.
                   Take the full survey, and find out if you're addicted
                   to the Net.
                   source: the University of Pittsburgh at Bradford
                              Search for more related stories:
                                        [Techsearch]
                               Search TechWire & CMP Archives
                 [Image]
                       C M P n e t   S P E C I A L   R E P O R T S
                 Can't find a 56-Kbps Internet service provider?  [Image]
                Here's help for you.
                 Internet Explorer 4.0 got you perplexed? Ask Dr. 4.
[Image]        [Image]
                 There's an intranet for every company, but not the same
                one for everyone.
    [Image]      How come Internal users don't like Sun's JavaStation NC?
   [CMPnet]    [Image] [Click Here To Visit Canon!]
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-20 06:37:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Crypto-anarchy and Haydn 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Peter F Cassidy I'd like to invite you to the Longwood Symphony Orchestra's summer concert
at the Hatch Shell in Boston on Wed. Aug. 20, 1997 at 7:30. It's free. The
LSO is presenting Mendelsohn's Capricio Briliante Opus 22, the Haydn Cello
concerto and the Haydn Symphony 104, the last movement of which contains a
coded message. Played backwards at twice the normal turntable speed, you
can clearly hear the composer shout, "Burn the mint" in the finale, about
64 bars from the end.
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-20 11:13:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Forbes article on Financial Cryptography is coming 
Coming soon to a newstand near you...
I hear the article will include pictures of cypherpunks and FC97 attendees
like Ian Goldberg (FC97 workshop leader), Adam Shostack (FC97 workshop
instructor), Sameer Parekh, and Steve Schear.
Not to mention actual financial cryptographers like David Chaum and Ron
Rivest. :-).
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Unsubscribe: List-Subscribe: I just got called by a fact checker from Forbes.
She said that the article on financial cryptography that Josh McHugh is
doing is one of two being considered for the cover of the next issue.
Having some fun now, as Mr. Martin used to say...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-20 11:47:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Status of Cypherpunks list sites? 
Younglish? Youngbonics?
God, I *love* this list...
Bob Hettinga
"yeah, I know, it's self-referent"
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-20 11:53:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: INFOTECH WEEKLY - August 18, 1997 
X-Authentication-Warning: nickkean.ihug.co.nz: p46-chch2.chch.ihug.co.nz
[207.214.13.46] didn't use HELO protocol
Organization: Techno Junk and Grey Matter [
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Blair Anderson <"Blair Anderson"
Summary Report on New Zealand encryption export restrictions under
Wassanar/COCOM international agreements...
Blair Anderson                mailto:blair
        "get a piece of the click"
Electronic Commerce, Encryption and Electronic Rights Management
Techno Junk and Grey Matter        mailto:Benefit
Corporate Technology Consultants
50 Wainoni Road,
New Zealand
phone  ++ 64 3 3894065
fax    ++ 64 3 3894065
Web Page(s):         -------- Caught in the Net for 25 years -----------
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-20 11:46:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SET discused in Risks Forum 
Sender: set-discuss-owner
Precedence: bulk
This message was addressed to:  set-discuss
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Just got this on the Risks Forum
(usenet comp.risks; html: I apologize if this has been posted here already and I missed it.

@_date: 1997-08-21 23:47:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Soon the neighbor's dog will be in the act...(Was Re: book talktoday) 
X-PGP-Key: X-Sender: rodney
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Rodney Thayer I was in SoftPro in Burlington (the bookstore) last night and saw they are
having an "Internet Cryptography Seminar" today at 6pm, "featuring Dr.
Richard E. Smith, author of "Internet Cryptography".
I wonder if he'll be digitally signing copies of the book :-)
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-22 07:14:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Spam-killing PGP5/ecash postage plugin Was Re: Remailer  chaining  plugin for Eudora 
X-Sender: rah
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Unsubscribe: List-Subscribe: But the relative present cost of spam (free) is, um, siginificantly, less
than it would cost with e$postage.
Not at all. At the very least, mail from lists I'm subcribed to could come
postage due. And, since I'm the person who's charging postage, sender pays,
remember, I could charge free postage to my friends, like the 1000 or so in
cypherpunks, or the 300 on e$ and mac-crypto. :-).
There are work arounds. Face it, the world is going to specific cash
settled auction pricing on internet services, and not bulk, or even
probabalistic, pricing.
No problem. It'll mean cheaper services in the long run, not only because
someone then owns the "commons", but because efficient autonomously run
cash-settled auctions are always cheaper than transfer pricing and
"planning". It's like comparing the Chicago Board of Trade wheat pit, the
world's most efficient wheat market, to the committee which set Soviet
wheat production quotas. Notice who was selling wheat to whom in *that*
scenario. :-).
Reality, economic or otherwise, is not optional...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-22 22:07:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IPsec product progress 
Reply-To: rgm3
X-Sender: rgm3
Sender: owner-ipsec
Precedence: bulk
If anyone will be in Detroit next week tues-thurs and can make it to
AutoTech, we will be having a live demonstration of IPsec products
Things are touch and go.  We have had routing and hardware problems that
have significantly delayed us.  We do have 5 vendors here and on monday I
will know exactly what to whom we will be demonstrating real automotive
applications secured with IPsec.
All of the products are configured for the current ESP DES-CBC explicit and
AH HMAC-MD5.  Oakley is handling session establishment.  We did not get the
hardware for the CA in time to set up certificates, so we are using
pre-shared keys.
Robert Moskowitz
Chrysler Corporation
(810) 758-8212
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-23 03:37:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Government sues to "eradicate" ebonics joke e-mail at FreddieMac 
Priority: normal
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Organization: UCLA School of Law
  (Please feel free to forward; copying authorized by copyright owner)
                A National Speech Code From The EEOC
                         by Eugene Volokh
               Washington Post, Aug. 22, 1997, at A23
    Telling "ebonics" jokes, the federal government says, is unlawful.
Yes, that's right.  You may burn the American flag, advocate violent
revolution, post indecent material on the Internet, but "disseminating
derogatory electronic messages regarding `ebonics'" to your co-
workers is against the law.
    So says the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, in a lawsuit
filed in federal court late last month.  The EEOC is now trying to
force the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. to "take prompt and
effective remedial action to eradicate" such speech by its workers.
    Remarkably, the EEOC, aided by some courts and by state civil
rights agencies, thinks it can get away with this, and so far it has.
Without much fanfare, the law of "workplace harassment" has turned
into a nationwide speech code.
    Under this speech code, it's illegal to say things that are
"severe or pervasive" enough to create a "hostile or offensive work
environment" -- whatever that is -- based on race, religion, sex,
national origin, veteran status and an ever-widening list of other
    Here is a brief catalogue of some of what's been described by
various agencies and courts as "harassment":
    Co-workers' use of "draftsman" and "foreman" (instead of
"draftsperson" and "foreperson").  "Men Working" signs.  Sexually
suggestive jokes, even ones that aren't misogynistic.  Derogatory
pictures of the Ayatollah Khomeini and American flags burning in Iran.
In the words of one court's injunction: remarks "contrary to your
fellow employees' religious beliefs."  "Offensive speech implicating
considerations of race."
    What could the government possibly be thinking about here?  The
Supreme Court has never suggested that the workplace is somehow a
First Amendment-free zone.  Many of us talk to more people at work
than we do anywhere else.  The workplace is where we often discuss the
questions of the day, whether they be the Oakland School Board's
ebonics policy or affirmative action or religion.
    Private employers, like private newspaper publishers or private
homeowners, are not bound by the First Amendment and may thus restrict
what is said on their property.  But the United States government,
which is under a constitutional obligation not to abridge "the freedom
of speech," can't go to court to insist on the "eradication" of
political speech that it thinks is reprehensible.
    Of course, many harassment cases involve more than just impolitic
jokes.  The ebonics case, for instance, also involved some threats,
which are constitutionally unprotected, and some one-to-one insults,
which might also be properly punishable.  If the EEOC had just sued
over this conduct, there would be little constitutional difficulty.
But the EEOC has no business claiming that toleration of e-mailed
political opinion is "an unlawful employment practice."
    Why have the free-speech implications here been so widely ignored?
Hard to say.  Maybe everyone was misled by the law's mushiness.  It's
always easier to build consensus behind vague terms such as "hostile
or offensive work environment," which can mean all things to all
people.  I like to think that if the EEOC proposed a regulation that
explicitly barred ebonics jokes, someone would have made a fuss.
    But the breadth of harassment law has now become pretty clear.
The federal government seems to think it's entitled to control what
we say in our workplaces so long as a "reasonable person" would find
that our speech makes the environment "hostile or offensive."  Pretty
remarkable how far we've let things come.
    [The writer teaches free-speech law at UCLA.]

@_date: 1997-08-24 20:43:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Oct 13-14 IEEE International Symposium on Wearable Computers(ISWC) 
Actually, Steve, can you use this one instead?
CONFERENCE TOPICS
The topics for ISWC may include:
        o  Applications, including affective computing, augmented
           reality, computer-supported collaborative work,
           computer-supported cooperative living, ubiquitous
           computing, personal imaging, consumer applications,
           industrial applications, medical applications, military
           applications, and software agents
        o  Ergonomics
        o  Future of wearable computing
        o  Hardware, including head-mounted display technologies,
           batteries, power management, heat dissipation
           techniques, industrial design techniques, and
           manufacturing packaging issues
       	o  Human interface issues, including hands-free user
       	   speech recognition, mobility-challenged users, user
       	   modeling, user evaluations, and health issues
        o  Networks, including wireless networks, on-body networks,
           the World Wide Web, and networked vs. standalone
           computers
        o  Operating system issues
        o  Social implications
        o  Software architectures
        o  Training, including performance support systems
International Symposium on Wearable Computers
Advance Program
Monday, October 13, 1997
8:00 - 8:30 Coffee, Put Up Posters I
8:30 - 8:40 Opening Remarks
8:40 - 10:10 Evaluation Studies
Evaluation of three input mechanisms for wearable computers by
B. Thomas, S. Tyerman, and K. Grimmer
Wearable computers for performance support by
J. Ockerman, L. Najjar, and C. Thompson
A field usability evaluation of a wearable system by
J. Siegel and M. Bauer
10:10 - 10:30 View Posters I, Demos, Coffee
10:30 - 12:00 Industrial and Business Applications
Mobile approach support system for future machine tools by
R. Daude and M. Weck
Factory Automation Support Technology (FAST):  A new paradigm of
continuous learning and support using a wearable by
C. Thompson, L. Najjar, and J. Ockerman
Wearable computers for three-dimensional CSCW by
 M. Billinghurst, S. Weghorst, and T. Furness III
12:00 - 1:30 Lunch
1:30 - 3:00 New Hardware, Software Technology
Eyeglass-mounted displays for wearable computing by
M. B. Spitzer, N. M. Rensing, R. McClelland, and P. Aquilino
Intrabody buses for data and power by
R. Post, M. Reynolds, M. Gray, J. Paradiso, and N. Gershenfeld
Software organization for dynamic and adaptable wearable systems by
S. Fickas, G. Kortuem, and Z. Segall
3:00 - 4:00 View Posters, Demos, Coffee
4:00 - 6:00 Invited Talks
Dick Urban, DARPA
Rick Satava, DARPA
Jerry Bowskill, BT
David Mizell, Boeing
6:00 - 6:30 Take Down Posters I, Demos
Tuesday, October 14, 1997
8:30 - 9:00 Coffee, Put Up Posters II
9:00 -10:00 Personal Applications
An historical account of wearable computing by
S. Mann
A touring machine:  Prototyping 3D mobile augmented reality
systems for exploring the urban environment by
S. Feiner, B. MacIntyre, T. Hollerer, and A. Webster
10:00 - 10:30 View Posters II, Demos, Coffee
10:30 - 12:00 New Sensors, Displays
Tactual displays for wearable computing by
H. Tan and A. Pentland
Affective wearables by
R. W. Picard and J. Healey
A sensate liner for personnel monitoring applications by
E. Lind, S. Jayaraman, R. Rajamanickam, R. Eisler, and T. McKee
12:00 - 1:30 Lunch
1:30 - 3:00 Communications
Canard:  A framework for community messaging by
P. Chesnais
Metronaut:  A wearable computer with sensing and global
communication capabilities by
A. Smailagic
The wearable remembrance agent:  A system for augmented memory by
B. Rhodes
3:00 - 4:00 View Posters II, Demos, Coffee
4:00 - 5:30 Using Wearable Sensors
A wearable computer based American Sign Language recognizer by
T. Starner, J. Weaver, and A. Pentland
Stochasticks:  Augmenting the billiards experience with
probabilistic vision and wearable computers by
T. Jebara, Cyrus Eyster, J. Weaver, T. Starner, and A. Pentland
Towards situated computing by
R. Hull, P. Neaves, and J. Bedford-Roberts
5:30 - 6:00   Take Down Posters II, Demos
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-25 11:23:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: MACKERALS / Re: MIRICLES EVERYWHERE!!! 
Since he works in neither finance, or crypto, *that's* a laugh...
Aggragated? oh, right. Agraphia.
Oh, well. Just as long as you heap me with money instead of scrod, er,
scorn, and make the wolves go away from my door, what you say about me in
print doesn't bother me as long as you spell my name right -- and you
attribute my quotes, of course. :-).
The arrogant wit bender
(How's *that* for agraphia. Unscramble the anagram, and, for extra bonus
points, get my True (middle) Name.)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-25 20:28:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Child Porn 
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-26 05:59:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Elliptic Curve Cryptography and Digital Commerce 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                 The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                              Presents
                         Dr. Christof Paar
                  Cryptography and Data Security Group,
                   Worcester Polytechnic Institute
             Elliptic Curve Cryptography and Digital Commerce
                        Tuesday, September 2, 1997
                               12 - 2 PM
                   The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                     One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Elliptic Curve (EC) public-key cryptosystems have matured from an area of
mainly theoretical interest to a highly practical security tool. EC are a
general-purpose public-key scheme which can provide tasks such as digital
signature, key establishment, and encryption. EC are extremely attractive
because the required operand length is dramatically reduced compared to
RSA and DSA-type algorithms: The security of an RSA system with 1024 bits
corresponds to the security of an EC system with only 160 bits. This can
result in considerably faster processing times, e.g., for digital
signature verification, and shorter certificates. One application area of
special interest are smart cards.
This talk will give a brief, non-technical introduction to EC system.
Current security estimations relatively to RSA will be provided. We will
talk about performance and the adoption of EC systems in standard bodies.
Christof Paar leads the Cryptography and Data Security group in the ECE
department of Worcester Polytechnic Institute.  Dr. Paar's research
interests include security issues in wireless and ATM networks, smart
cards, efficient implementation of elliptic and hyperelliptic curve
public-key algorithms, and hardware implementation of cryptosystems.  Dr.
Christof Paar received a BSEE degree from the Technical College of
Cologne, Germany.  He obtained an MSEE degree from the University of
Siegen, Germany, and did graduate research at Michigan Technological
University.  From 1991-1994 he worked as research fellow at the Institute
for Experimental Mathematics in Essen, Germany, from where he received a
Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering.  In 1993 and '94 he spent time as a
visiting researcher at the University of Massachusetts at Amherst.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, September 2, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, August 30, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00.
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
October   Peter Cassidy        Military Fiat and Digital Commerce
November  Carl Ellison         Identity and Certification for Electronic
                                Commerce
December  James O'Toole        Internet Coupons
January   Joseph Reagle        "Social Protocols": Meta-data
                                and Negotiation in Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-26 07:50:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Forbes article on Financial Cryptography is coming 
It's out. Sameer made the cover of Forbes with a picture captioned "This
man wants to overthrow the government".
Hot damn...
You can see it at Bob Hettinga
(Who, if he isn't dead already from making the featured "deductible junket"
in Wired, can die now...)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-26 08:21:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Graduate Cryptography Course at WPI 
X-Authentication-Warning: goya.WPI.EDU: christof owned process doing -bs
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Christof Paar This is an announcement for my graduate course in cryptography.  Detailed
information is included below. Please note that (i) the course is offered
on Tuesday nights this semester and (ii) that it is cross-listed as CS 578.
The course has been taught to almost 200 people in industry and graduate
students over the last few years. Industry participants include engineers
from GTE Government Systems, RSA, Philips Research, DEC, HP, Bay Networks,
and others.
For questions about registrations, please contact Lisa Jernberg at
Please feel free to contact me if there are any further questions about
the class.
Best regards,
Christof Paar
Christof Paar                   Assistant Professor             email:  christof
Cryptography Group              phone:  (508) 831 5061
ECE Department, WPI             fax:    (508) 831 5491
100 Institute Road
Worcester, MA 01609, USA
                    Worcester Polytechnic Institute
           EE 578/CS 578: CRYPTOGRAPHY AND DATA SECURITY
               Fall '97, Tuesday, 5:30-8:30 pm, AK 233
                    Starting date: September 9, 1997
                           INTRODUCTION
It is well known that we are in the midst of a shift towards an information
society. The upcoming generation of digital information systems will provide
services such as:
  -  wireless LAN and WAN computer networks
  -  multi-media services (e.g., high quality video-on-demand)
  -  smart cards (e.g., for network identification of electronic purse)
  -  electronic banking/digital commerce
These and other new information-based applications will have far reaching
consequences. As this happens, security aspects of communication systems are
of growing commercial and public interest. Unfortunately, these aspects have
been widely underestimated or ignored in the past. Today, however, there is
high demand for expertise and high quality products in the field of
information security and cryptography.
WPI's graduate course EE 578/CS 578 provides a solid and broad foundation in
the area of cryptography and data security. After taking the course students
should have an overview of state-of-the-art cryptography. In industry, they
should be able to carefully choose and design a security scheme for a given
application. The course also serves as an introduction for students who are
interested in pursuing research in cryptography. There are several
opportunities for Master's and PhD theses in the field of cryptography.
                     COURSE DESCRIPTION
This course gives a comprehensive introduction into the field of
cryptography and data security. We begin with the introduction of the
concepts of data security. Different attacks on cryptographic systems are
classified. Some pseudo-random generators are introduced. The concepts of
public and private key cryptography is developed. As important
representatives for secret key schemes, DES, IDEA, and other private key
algorithms are described. The public key schemes RSA, ElGamal, and elliptic
curve crypto systems are developed. As important tools for authentication
and integrity, digital signatures and hash functions are introduced.
Advanced protocols for key distribution in networks are developed.
Identification schemes are treated as advanced topics.  Some mathematical
algorithms for attacking cryptographic schemes are discussed. Application
examples will include a protocol for security in a LAN and identification
with smart cards. Special consideration will be given to schemes which are
relevant for network environments.  For all schemes, implementation aspects
and up-to-date security estimations will be discussed.
                        PREREQUISITES
Working knowledge of ``C''. An interest in discrete mathematics and
algorithms is highly desirable.
                           TEXTBOOK
D.R. Stinson, Cryptography: Theory and Practice. CRC Press, 1995
              (mandatory)
B.  Schneier, Applied Cryptography. 2nd edition, Wiley & Sons, 1996
              (recommended for additional reading)
                     SYLLABUS EE 578/CS 578
An important part of the course is an independent project. The project topic
can freely be chosen by the student. Possible topics include (but are not
limited to) implementation of a real-size cryptographic algorithm or
protocol, a literature study on new cryptographic schemes or on legal
aspects of cryptography, or implementation of an algorithm for attacking a
cryptographic scheme.
WEEK 1:
Introduction: Principals of cryptography. Classical algorithms.
Attacks on cryptographic systems.
WEEK 2:
Stream ciphers and pseudo-random generators.. Some information theoretical
results on cryptography.
WEEK 3:
Private key cryptography: The Data Encryption Standard DES. Brief history,
function and performance.
WEEK 4:
Private key cryptography: Recent results on successful attacks on DES.
Operation modes of symmetric ciphers. IDEA and other alternatives to
WEEK 5:
Public key cryptography: Introduction. Some Number Theory and Algebra.
WEEK 6:
Public key cryptography: RSA. Function and security. Recent results on
successful attacks on RSA.
WEEK 7:
Midterm exam.
WEEK 8:
Public key cryptography: The discrete logarithm problem. ElGamal crypto
system. Function and security. Security estimations.
WEEK 9:
Public key cryptography: Elliptic curve systems. Mathematical background,
function and security.
WEEK 10:
Digital Signatures: The ElGamal signature scheme. Message Authentication
Codes (MAC).
WEEK 11:
Hash functions: Principals. Block cipher based hash functions.
Protocols: Attacks against protocols, protocols for privacy,
authentication, and integrity.
WEEK 12:
Key distribution in networks: Private key approaches, certificates, and
authenticated key agreement.
WEEK 13:
Identification schemes: Challenge-and-response protocols. The Schnorr
identification scheme for smart cards.
WEEK 14:
Final exam.
Christof Paar                        Assistant Professor                  email:  christof
ECE Department                       phone:  (508) 831 5061
Worcester Polytechnic Institute      fax:    (508) 831 5491
100 Institute Road
Worcester, MA 01609, USA
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-27 05:17:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Consumer privacy debate heats up 
Resent-Date: Tue, 26 Aug 1997 15:43:17 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2153
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Nev Dull Forwarded-by: chuck yerkes Forwarded-by: David HM Spector Consumer privacy debate heats up
WASHINGTON -- An Internet entrepreneur, Ram Avrahami, says he believes he
has the legal rights to his name and other personal information, such as
his shopping habits, credit records and medical history.
But the companies that profit from collecting personal information on
Avrahami and millions of other Americans see matters differently. Since
the information is collected legally and resides in their databases, they
say they have reasonable claim to it.
Those divergent views are colliding. While the companies stand their
ground, Avrahami hopes to help start a grass-roots effort this fall to
demand that the data-gatherers obtain permission before buying and selling
information about an individual.
More than just seeking a say in whether and how personal data is marketed,
the suburban Virginia resident and his allies want to receive royalties.
They wonder why only the companies should make money off the brisk
commerce in their personal data.
"They have to face reality," says Avrahami, 34. "They cannot sell people's
names without explicit permission. It's a very simple concept."
The debate is taking on new urgency as the information economy grows, and
creating its own backlash, as giant America Online learned earlier this
summer.  AOL was compelled to beat a hasty, embarrassing retreat after
users rebelled at the company's plan to sell their telephone numbers to
The omnipresence of computers and the Internet have made it ever easier
for businesses and government agencies to obtain, link and sell data that
often reveal intimate information about millions of Americans.
This has increased public anxiety about the uses such databases, which
teem with information many people would be reluctant to tell even their
closest friends: medical conditions revealed by tracking the
pharmaceuticals purchased, mortgage borrowing obtained from real-estate
records, household incomes lifted from product-warranty cards
conscientiously filled out by unwitting consumers.
The data-ownership question is complicated by the law's seeming
ambivalence.  While most states have laws forbidding the appropriation of
one's name for someone else's commercial benefit, those laws have mainly
been applied to celebrities, not the selling for profit of the ordinary
person's name and personal information by database companies.
But is that right? Not according to Anne Wells Branscomb. In her 1994 book
"Who Owns Information? From Privacy to Public Access," the communications
 "Our names and addresses and personal
transactions are valuable information assets worthy of recognition that
we have property rights in them.
"Unless we assert these rights, we will lose them. If such information
has economic value, we should receive something of value in return for
its use by others."
There is clearly a developing view that agrees with her. Besides Avrahami
and his allies, who say they are forming a new organization to receive,
on behalf of their members, payment for the use of names or take legal
action, others are challenging the data gatherers.
Earlier this summer, for instance, the American Civil Liberties Union,
launched its "Take Back Your Data" campaign. Besides attempting to educate
Americans on the issue, the ACLU intends to push for sweeping federal
legislation to re-establish individuals' control over use of their
personal information.
The ACLU sees this as an important personal privacy issue, especially
regarding medical data. "You provide information to your health care
provider solely for the purpose of treating you and making you better,"
said Donald Haines, a legislative counsel on privacy issues at the ACLU.
"Suddenly all of these people end up acting like they have a right to your
data," including law enforcement, research, insurance and public health
officials. "In our view, that's nothing less than embezzlement of your
data," Haines said.
In Congress, Sens. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., and Charles Grassley,
R-Iowa, are co-sponsoring a bill that would hinder the marketing of
personal information by making it illegal for companies to sell Social
Security numbers without first getting permission.
Meanwhile, Congress also triggered a Federal Trade Commission study of
database practices, such as the gathering of personal information without
an individual's permission. The FTC is expected to issue its conclusions
by year's end.
At FTC hearings in June, John Ford, vice president for privacy and
external affairs for Equifax Inc., the large consumer and business credit
reporting service, summed up both sides of the argument. "Ownership of
data. There's some question about people saying this is information that
belongs to me, and therefore you shouldn't be using it."
"Others would argue that it's ... not your information, it is information
about you.  So ownership becomes a kind of red herring issue for control
of the data, maybe even remuneration for deciding to let your data be
used," he said.
In an interview, he later said his company has no official position on
who owns personal information. And he repeated a warning he made at the
hearings against overreaction by government regulators, saying "we ought
to be working with tweezers rather than a vise grip," in dealing with
whatever problems arise when database companies err.
Martin Abrams, vice president for Experian Inc., formerly TRW, another
large credit-reporting company, said there is ample legal basis for the
companies to be able to control the information they gather.
"You don't have a choice about being in a consumer data base.
... The integrity of the data base would impacted if consumers
could selectively opt to be part of it or not to be part of it," he said.
"At the same time, we have a long-established norm that when it comes to
the marketing use of information, consumers should have the full ability
to opt out of that marketing use. And responsible organizations should
respect that consumer choice." Abrams added.
Ford and Abrams views infuriate Bob Bulmash, president and founder of
Private Citizen Inc. of Naperville, Ill., an anti-telemarketing group.
Bulmash intends to join Avrahami in creating a new group called The Named
that would assert its members ownership rights to their names and personal
"Why don't we just have Mr. Ford give us his income, how many children he
has ... how much he paid for his car, what's his mortgage, his Social
Security number?  May I sell that information? It's just information about
him. That's an absurd position he's putting forward."
According to Leonard Rubin, a Chicago lawyer and expert on privacy issues,
the debate gets convoluted because the laws governing it are "snarled."
"As far as personal data is concerned -- what toothpaste did I use this
morning to brush my teeth? You don't know that. Nobody knows that," Rubin
"But once I make that public, I have forfeited my rights to it, unless I
make it public under certain conditions." And courts have tended to agree
that consumers who engage in commercial transactions with companies have
essentially gone public.
In any event, Avrahami says he has property rights to his name under laws
in many states that prevent someone from commercially benefiting by using
a person's name or likeness without his permission or payment.
Avrahami was the losing party in a Virginia lawsuit last year.  He had
sued U.S.  News & World Report, accusing the publication of violating
state law by selling his name to Smithsonian magazine. But the judge ruled
that Avrahami hadn't proved his name had value and had hurt his case by
using a variant of his name to detect who sold his personal information.
Still, Avrahami is undeterred. "If someone in Illinois tries to use
Michael Jordan's name for commercial benefit, Michael Jordan would be able
to assert his right (to his name.) It already has been applied to
celebrities. Now it just needs to be applied to common folks like you and
me," he said.
"There's a difference in the value but not in the right. It doesn't matter
if it's $10,000 or ten cents."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-27 06:02:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Openings for INFOSEC Analyst and Engineers 
X-Authentication-Warning: silence.secnet.com: majordom set sender to
owner-security-jobs using -f
X-Priority: 3
Sender: owner-security-jobs
Precedence: bulk
WANG GOVERNMENT SERVICES
SECURITY SERVICES
POSITION OVERVIEW AND SUMMARY
Organization Overview
The Wang GS Security Services organization is a descendant from the
Honeywell Information Systems group that has been focused on developing
High Assurance computing solutions for the US Government since the late
1970's.  Honeywell was the first vendor to have a system evaluated by
the NSA National Computer Security Center (NCSC) against the Orange Book
(a document that defines levels of trust that can be reached by
operating systems) at the A1 level - the highest - in 1984.  Our XTS 300
product is a direct descendent of the A1 SCOMP platform, and is
currently evaluated at the B3 level of trust.
The Security Services (SS) organization focuses on development and
deployment of secure solutions.   Product activities are contained in a
group focused on the XTS 300 operating system and a trusted guard
development framework product (the SAGE).  The rest of the organization
is focused on implementation of task-specific solutions.  These
currently include:
DLA Security Assessment:  Wang currently supports the security planning,
assessment and accreditation activities with the DLA and the Defense
MegaCenter in Dayton, Ohio.
The DMS/DII Guard:  This is a multi-year development effort that will
result in a XTS 300-based X.400/X.500 guard with strong user
authentication and encryption support (FORTEZZA).
The State Department Guard:  This is a new project that will implement a
proprietary (State-compliant) XTS 300-based telegram network guard that
works with identification of unclassified telegrams.
The Command and Control Guard:  The C2G effort involves the evolution of
an existing XTS 300-based Government-owned Guard application that is
deployed world-wide.
The FBI:  Wang currently has developed and deployed multiple IBM
communications guards for the FBI, and continues to evolve and enhance
the functional capabilities of these XTS 300-based systems.
The IRS:  This effort does not involve the XTS 300.  Rather, Wang is
responsible for the EDI telecommunications and security infrastructure
of the IRS Tax Collection system, based on an NCR commercial Unix
General Technical Requirements
Excellent C and Unix skills (we do not code in C++ except for the IRS
project).  Strong structured design and documentation skills.  Linux OS
on Pentium workstation.  Heavy emphasis on one of the following areas:
Computer Security, Unix Kernel (device drivers, printer drivers, API, OS
construction), Communications (TCP/IP, X.400, X.500, SNMP), Encryption
(PCMCIA or software-based), GUI development (X), Testing.  MUST be
clearable to TS.  MUST have a BS degree or equivalent experience.  MUST
be a self-starter and quick learner.   Competitive compensation and
benefits, casual dress code, technical organization.  Herndon location
as of August 1, 1997.  See
          for product
details,             for information about Wang.
Specific Positions
INFOSEC Accredidation & Risk Assessment
Candidate will be a member of the DLA Security Architecture team, and
will be responsible for taking a lead role in the security assessment,
certification, accreditation, and post accreditation of  large
multifaceted LAN's/WAN's conducting  EC/EDI communications on a global
bases. Required 4-12 years experience with trusted system solutions and
architectures. Strong back ground in National Computer Security Center
"Rainbow Series" and Information Systems Security (INFOSEC) policies,
procedures and documentation experience.
Accreditation Support/Risk Assessment
Candidate will be a member of the DMS/DII Guard Development and
Deployment team, and will be responsible for taking a lead role in the
assessment and justification of the assurance of the Guard architecture.
Required 6-12 years experience with trusted solutions and architectures,
X.400/X.500, accreditation and deployment issues.  Strong documentation
and communications (verbal) experience.
Senior OS Developer (1)
Candidate will be a member of the XTS 300 OS development staff, and
should have considerable exposure (8-15 years) to the construction and
enhancement of a Unix OS.  Activities include API development and
enhancement, device driver implementation (e.g., printer, SCSI,
"console", PCMCIA devices, ethernet (802.3 + 100Mb or ATM)), application
porting (e.g., X), bug fixes, and new platform porting (from one Pentium
mother board to the next).  Orange Book security a BIG plus.
Junior OS Developer (2)
Candidate will be a member of the XTS 300 OS development staff, and
should be very comfortable with heavy structured C and Unix (OS
construction, release building from source, etc.)  Linux experience a
big plus.  2-5 years experience with heavy C, Unix, and at least one of
the following:  GUI development, application porting on Unix,
communications (TCP/IP, X.4/500, SNMP),  systems installation and debug,
heavy scripts, heavy testing. Orange Book security a BIG plus.
XTS 300 GUI Developer
Candidate will initially be assigned to the State Department Guard task,
and will be responsible for the specification, design, development,
implementation, testing and documentation of the man-machine interfaces
for this Guard (Main-in-the-Middle review capability, dirty word list
management, report generation, etc.).  This will be developed with a
subset of X (Motif-based).  3-5 years experience in X, C, Unix,
documentation, design.
All salaries are dependent on experience and are negotiable.
Open Date : 8/18/97			Close Date: 1/31/98
Point of Contact:
Sr. XTS Applications Developer (3)
Candidate will be a member of the XTS 300 Application Development focus
group, and will be responsible for a lead role in the development of
Guard applications.  Must have 8-15 years heavy C, Unix, Comm (TCP/IP,
X.4/500), structured design, documentation, development, implementation,
testing, debug and support.  Orange Book Security and Guard/Firewall
design a big plus.
Jr. XTS Applications Developer (3)
Candidate will be a member of the XTS 300 Application Development focus
group, and will be responsible for a supporting role in the development
of Guard applications.  Must have 2-5 years heavy C, Unix, with a focus
in one or more of the following: Comm (TCP/IP, X.4/500), structured
design, documentation, development, implementation, testing, debug and
support.  Orange Book Security and Guard/Firewall design a big plus.
All salaries are dependent on experience and are negotiable.
Open Date : 8/18/97			Close Date: 1/31/98
Point of Contact:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-27 22:18:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Monkey Wrench into the works 
Reply-To: "Myron Lewis" X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOle: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE Engine V4.71.1008.3
We communicated today about the DCSB luncheon at the Harvard Club and I have
been looking at some of the e$pam traffic.  I am somewhat amused because our
company is about to throw a monstrous perturbation into Public-Private Key
We invite you and everyone on the list (Please send this invitation out to
them as the info on how to do that didn't come through.) to visit the KeyGen
webpage,  and learn about Automatic Synchronized
KeyGeneration(TM).  If you think you recognize it as something you have seen
before, you're close but wrong.
We are obviously biased, but we feel strongly and so do many others, that
ASK will solve many of the security problems presently under discussion.  In
time, it will probably sink Key Management and Certificate Authorities.
We welcome everyone's comments as long as they keep an open mind and don't
feel cemented in to key management.
I would like to respond to your request for speakers and offer to speak at
one of the luncheons about Automatic Synchronized KeyGeneration.
Myron Lewis
KeyGen Corporation
The Key to Secure Communications
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-27 22:23:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PGPlib-0.3 is available 
Reply-To: tage
Sender: pgplib-announce-owner
Precedence: list
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
This mail is sent on the list pgplib-announce  It is a (very)
low voulme list where announcments are made when new versions of
PGPlib becomes available.  Please find below a copy of the file README
distributed with this new release.  Instructions on how to obtain your
own copy of PGPlib is included.
Welcome to version 0.3 of PGPlib.  This code has not yet matured
enough to reach version 1.0.  However, this is probably the latest
development version before 1.0.  Detailed instructions for how to
obtain this fine code can be found at the end.  Experienced users will
know that ftp://dslab1.cs.uit.no/pub/PGPlib.tar.gz is the place to
What is here for you
PGPlib is a library that lets you generate (and manipulate) PGP
packets without having to run PGP.  In particular there is code to
generate and understand the following types of PGP packets:
   - Data can be signed with a private key;
   - Data can be encrypted with a public key;
   - Data encrypted with your public key can be decrypted;
   - You can verify signatures on public keys and on buffers (files);
   - Convential encrypted (IDEA with Zimmermann's context sensitive
     feedback).  The library can both read (decrypt) and write
     (encrypt) convential packets (in PGP format);
   - Armor.  You can (de)armor a buffer or a file into a buffer or a
     file;
   - UserID packets are read and written in a variety of formats;
   - Literal with filename, mode, etc.  You can create literate
     packages from files, or from buffers, and create files from
     literate packets;
   - Keys can be obtained from a database (which is provided) or by
     parsing keyrings.  Keys can be kept in buffers or on files;
   - You can maintain a PGP public-key database (I use this library to
     maintain a database with ~40.000 keys).  There is code to use DBM
     as supplied from Berkeley.  A copy of DBM is included for your
     convinience.
In general, PGPlib operates on buffers in order for you to use it in
your applications.
You will find included a small program that will (de)armor anything, a
parser to parse PGP files (including decryption and so on), a shell to
manipulate a keydatabase, a keyserver to run on top of such a
database, a program to verify signatures on keys and/or files, a
program to split keyrings in smaller parts and a program that will
sign files for you.  You will find all these (and more) in the
PGPlib/applications/ directory.  None of these uses PGP, the library
provides all the functionality you need.
What is not there for you
   - Sufficient documentation.
I have written this library because I need it.  In order to make life
less hard for my students, I will have to provide some documentation.
Possibly even on-line.  However, quite a few manual pages are
What you need
   - Unix (for some definition of "Unix").
   - You must have the SSLeay library as I have not implemented any
     cryptographic functionality; I hope SSLeay is a good choice. I
     did not major in mathematics and can thus not judge the quality
     of their work, although it looks solid (to me).  I link with their
     version 0.8.1.  I rely on SSLeay for many things, in particular
     their BIGNUMs, RSA encryption and IDEA.  You can obtain your copy
     of SSLeay from:
        * ftp://ftp.psy.uq.oz.au/pub/Crypto/SSL/ - SSLeay source
        * ftp://ftp.psy.uq.oz.au/pub/Crypto/SSLapps/ - SSL applications
        *  - SSLeay Programmer
          Reference
     SSLeay is quite large and I only use a fraction of it.
     other hand, SSLeay seems to be well maintained and their
     crypto-library might very well shrink or become more modular as
     time passes.  Also, work is in progress to strip out from SSLeay
     only thise parts that PGPlib uses.
PGPlib has been developed on NetBSD 1.2.  It should compile smoothly
on FreeBSD, HP-UX and Linux.  If you port PGPlib to some other
platform, I would be greatful if you would send me patches.  In
particular, PGPlib does not compile on SunOS 4 and 5, your assistance
would be valuable.
Regarding PGP
 - Work is underway to ensure that PGPlib is compliant with RFC1991.
 - The name PGPlib might not be final as I respect Zimmermann's
   "ownership" of the acronym PGP and he might not like that this
   library uses the name PGPlib.  Thus, this library might become
   libRFC1991.a or something.
 - PGP-5.0 is available.  It has several new features, such as a
   multitude of encryption methods.  PGPlib might evolve to support
   them all.
Your Feedback
   Your feedback is solicited.  Peter Simons  has
   created a mailinglist for PGPlib.  To subscribe, send an e-mail to
   the address pgplib-dev-request and write the command
   SUBSCRIBE into the BODY. If you want to be subscribed under
   a different address than the one you're mailing from, you can also
   use SUBSCRIBE yourname to do the trick.  To post to
   the list, send an e-mail to pgplib-dev as usual.
   There is also (very low volume) list pgplib-announce
   Subscribe by sending an e-mail to pgplib-announce-request
   with SUBSCRIBE in the body.
   Both lists are archived at URL:
   If you write a nice application based on this library (the ultimate
   feedback :-), please feel free to send it to  me and I will include
   it in the next release;
Where to get PGPlib
This file is a link to the latest version.  If you obtain the file
PGPlib-0.3.tar.gz instead, note that a name conflict will occur when
you unpack the file (see below).
What to do
First, uncompress PGPlib, which should give you the file PGPlib.tar.
When you unpack PGPlib.tar you will get three files in your CURRENT
directory.  These files are
Verify the signature by running
       pgp PGPlib-0.3.tar.sig
and verify that PGP prints Good signature from user "Tage Stabell-Kulo
".  When you unpack PGPlib-0.3.tar, tar will create
the directory PGPlib-0.3 and place all the files within it.  Unless
you run SunOS, running the script configure should produce Makefiles
that you can use to compile everything.
To verify that everything compiled correctly, you should run the
script applications/test.sh.  Before you do so, you must edit away the
code that asks you to read this file.
COPYRIGHT  (yum, yum)
   The library and included applications are all available under
   "Berkeley style" copyright terms.  Basically, this means that
   PGPlib is FREE for commercial and non-comercial use, and that you
   can do almost anything with the code.  The only thing you can not
   do is to say that you wrote it.  See the file COPYING for details.

@_date: 1997-08-28 04:22:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: <<Vitamin B>>(August 27, 1997) Back to the Future 
X-Lotus-FromDomain: BIONOMICS @ OUTBOUND
Vitamin B:
Your Daily Dose of Bionomics
August 27, 1997
Back to the Future
"In the pre-Civil War period, when the general
ethos of laissez faire severely discouraged
government intervention in the market economy,
private regulations arose in the form of a variety
of institutions, which accomplished much of
what we endeavor to do today with our elaborate
system of government rule making and
supervision. In particular, scholars have noted
that the period saw the development of private
measures to help holders of bank notes protect
themselves from risk. As the notes were not
legal tender, there was no obligation to accept
the currency of a suspect bank, or to accept it
at par value; accordingly, notes often were
accepted and cleared at less than par. As a
result, publications--bank note reporters--were
established to provide current information on
market rates for notes of different banks based
on their creditworthiness, reputation, and location,
as well as to identify counterfeit notes. Bank note
brokers created a ready market for notes of
different credit quality. In some areas, private
clearinghouses were established, which
provided incentives for self-regulation. "
"Banks competed for reputation, and advertised
high capital ratios to attract depositors. Capital to
asset ratios in those days often exceeded one-third.
One must keep in mind that then, as now, a significant
part of safety and soundness regulations came from
market forces and institutions. Government regulation
is an add-on that tries to identify presumed market
failures and, accordingly, substitute official rules to
fill in the gaps. "
"To be sure, much of what developed in that earlier
period was primitive and often ineffectual. But the
financial system itself was just beginning to evolve. "
"From today's presumably far more sophisticated
view of such matters, we may look askance at what
we have often dismissed as 'wildcat banking.' But
it should not escape our notice that, as the international
financial system becomes ever more complex, we,
in our regulatory roles, are being driven increasingly
toward reliance on private market self-regulation similar
to what emerged in more primitive forms in the 1850s
in the United States."
--Alan Greenspan
Toward Electronic Money & Banking: The Role of Government
A Conference Sponsored by the United States Department
of the Treasury
September 19-20, 1996
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-29 04:18:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Novadigm patents diff(1) and rdist(1). 
Resent-Date: Thu, 28 Aug 1997 09:06:38 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2159
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Nev Dull Forwarded-by: Sean Eric Fagan Novadigm sues Marimba and threatens W3C.
About The Patent
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-29 14:23:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Aussies discover regulatory arbitrage... 
ATO urges no Internet slug
          _By Hans van Leeuwen_
   The Australian Tax Office's attempt to tax electronic commerce should
   include no new taxes and as little extra red tape as possible,
   according to the recommendations of a major ATO report to be released
   today.
   The report, _Tax and the Internet_, urges close monitoring of some key
   industries with a growing Internet presence -- including computer
   software, news and information, recorded music, gambling, travel
   services and retail goods.
   But its emphasis is on creating a tax and regulatory environment that
   keeps the online industries in Australia, rather than driving them to
   more lenient tax jurisdictions.
   The report will be the basis for discussions with the information
   industry on how the ATO can prevent the undermining of the tax base by
   electronic commerce.
   The report said the ATO would need to tax and regulate the Internet
   only in concert with other countries if it was to encourage online
   businesses and industries in Australia.
   "As the Internet allows electronic payment system providers to locate
   their operations anywhere in the world, they might choose to flee a
   jurisdiction that unilaterally introduces a strong regulatory regime .
   . . Unilateral action may be more damaging than no action," the report
   said.
   But the tax base must be protected, with electronic commerce posing a
   significant threat in the longer term to the revenue base of many
   taxes.
   "There are not too many existing taxes worldwide that are not
   vulnerable," the Tax Commissioner, Mr Michael Carmody, said yesterday.
   The recommendations to strengthen the tax policing of the Internet
   included:
     * Numbers displayed on websites.
     * Licence commercial internet sites ("webshops") and webshop hosts.
     * Introduce denomination limits for electronic cash, like those
       already existing for physical cash.
     * Review the current wholesale sales tax categories, given that new
       products were being thrown up by the process of digitisation.
   But Mr Carmody ruled out introducing any taxes on data flows, such as
   a bit tax, in the short term.
   "We don't see major advantages to that at the moment. For Australia to
   jump immediately to a bit tax would just drive Australian business out
   of the country," he said.
   The report said electronic commerce threw up some tough challenges to
   tax administrations, including the difficulty in identifying the
   parties to an electronic transaction, the ability of cyber- businesses
   to store records offshore and encrypt them, and the removal of "middle
   men" -- such as wholesalers and brokers -- from the distribution
   process, who usually make the ATO's tracking of transactions easier.
   But Mr Carmody said the ATO would not be assuming that the reason
   businesses went online was to avoid tax.
   "It's just another medium of transacting business, which does not of
   itself say they're not going to meet their tax obligations," he said.
   "But there are concerns that the Internet opens up wider fields for
   those who are seeking to avoid their liabilities."
     _________________________________________________________________
   [27]Back To Top _(c) This material is subject to copyright and any
   unauthorised use, copying or mirroring is prohibited._
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-29 15:03:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: America's Concentration Camps 
Actually, they were subjected to hundreds of years in which weapons were
only permitted to be handled by a special warrior caste.
Sound familiar?
Which reminds me...
Peter Cassidy's just starting a book called "Fortress America", which talks
about where all the LEA money goes. You know, for useful stuff, like
armored personnel carriers, and ARs, and body armor, and flammable teargas,
and stun grenades, and black nomex balaclavas, and kevlar gloves.
Oh, well, so much for those 100,000 cops Billary promised us. Maybe it's
just as well? I mean what if we had 100,000 new cops all wanting *their*
black nomex balacalvas and kevlar gloves too...
A spook's gotta sell his toys somewhere, I suppose. It's a living, I guess.
I just wish they'd find a more useful line of work. Like lawyering, or
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-30 02:32:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Shrinks as Narcs for the State 
Haiku, that last sentence was. Excising the 'very mutually', might help in
the rewrite, though...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-30 03:37:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The Information Silk Road 
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Unsubscribe: List-Subscribe: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
In this note I criticize recursive auction markets as a good model for
the global market in public information.  Instead I suggest an agent
based model where data merchants compete to be suppliers of information
to clients based almost entirely on value they above and beyond the
value of the information itself.  I ignore issues of data ownership and
data privacy.
I realized that e$ is perhaps not the best forum for this message and
welcome redirection to a more appropriate venue.
The Information Silk Road
I would like to draw a distinction between trading in digital services
and trading information.  There are interesting proposals to use
market-based mechanisms to manage computer resources such as memory and
CPU cycles[1] or network bandwidth[2].  Attempts have been made to
extend this idea to trading information, such as the recursive auction
market[3].  While the similarities between computer resources and the
material world are close enough to make market-based ideas quite
successful, I don't think the same is true for markets in information.
Differences stem from the fact that information can be copied with
perfect fidelity and essentially zero cost while both physical
commodities and computing resources are strictly limited in quantity.
- From another point of view, the problem is that the responsibilities of
ownership are different.  Market-based mechanisms work by clearly
identifying an owner for each resource.  The owner (in computational
contexts this is usually a software agent) then tries earn enough income
from its asset to pay expenses.  The job of the owner is then to avoid
overuse (the tragedy of the commons problem) and underuse.  However,
with information, overuse is impossible (maximizing the use of
information is actually beneficial to general good) and only underuse is
a risk.  Underuse of information can even lead to a problem not shared
with other limited commodities, it may be lost altogether.
Practically speaking there is another difference between computer
resource commodities and information products.  For example, any memory
page can be sold to a software agent and numerous agents will compete
for a fixed pool of identical pages.  However, while I can endlessly
replicate a piece of information, each customer won't need more than one
of each datum.  While different agents may occasionally request the same
piece of information, this is often rare.  Partly this is because a even
small cache near the customer will mean that the server only gets a
single request from each cache miss, not from each customer request.
Therefore, an information seller must stock a huge selection of data and
only expect a very tiny fraction of them to be to be in high demand.
Still, I would like to see both the digital silk road (markets for
computer services) and the information silk road (markets for data)
built.  I am particularly interested in the design of the data merchants
that will be the traders on the information silk road.
Recursive Auction Market
A useful contribution of the recursive auction market idea is that it
denigrates to concept of information ownership.  While ownership of
information may still be useful to prevent valuable information from
disappearing altogether (by being replaced in every supplier's inventory
by more profitable data) it has nowhere near the standing of ownership
of finite commodities.
The recursive auction market idea assumes that data in high demand would
propagate from suppliers or intellectual property producers, through
intermediate distributors, to consumers as fast as the network could
carry it.  At each stage the data is auctioned to the highest bidder who
must factor into his bid price the network transfer charges[2] and his
ability to further resell it.  As the data is distributed, the rarity
premium available to early sellers disappears, leaving only the basic
network delivery costs.
These auctions require multiple simultaneous buyers.  However it would
seem that this would be a very unusual case.  Except for a few extreme
cases, the market for data will consist of multiple buyers spread out in
time.  This means that a significant expense of the seller is for the
storage of the data between buyers.  This storage rental must be
factored into the data's price.  This is a hard cost that depends on the
interval between requests of each piece of data.  Rarity, and the
premium it adds to the price, is usually an ephemeral, even
self-defeating, property of data.  This suggests that an auction is not
a good general paradigm to use for trading information.
Data Merchants
A better model of the information silk road has a large population of
data merchants spread throughout the network.  Their mission is to
maintain an inventory of data in anticipation of being able to resell it
profitably at a later time.  Viewed individually these data merchants
provide a data caching service.  While viewed collectively, the
information silk road is a replicated data storage facility[4].
So what services can a data merchant offer which customers might be
willing to pay for.  In other words, how can they add value.
Locality.  Assuming some distance (as the packets fly) sensitivity to
network transport charges, data will be cheaper from a local supplier
than from a distant one.  This means that a merchant can pay the
transport charges to obtain the distant data once and attract local
buyers by charging less than it would cost them to fetch it from a
remote source.  As long as there are multiple local buyers and the data
storage costs incurred between requests is small compared to the
differential between remote and local network transport charges then the
local vendor can turn a profit.
Authoritativity.  For small data, where the cost of transferring the
data is comparable to the cost of requesting it, it will be useful for a
client to pass its requests to a single merchant and expect a high
probability of obtaining the data.  Without consulting an authoritative
source the client will potentially have to contact many merchants before
finding the data it seeks.  Unless the data is large this cost may dwarf
the actual transfer cost.  Being an authoritative source does not have
to be a global property, but might apply to narrowly defined types of
data: hostname to IP address mappings, perl scripts, or Cypherpunks
messages.  Being authoritative depends upon the data merchant
maintaining a persistent reputation.  Interestingly an authoritative
source doesn't actually have to store any data, it may operate purely as
a locator service.
Speed.  Some data merchants may strive to provide data rapidly but
spending more on rotating media, doing more aggressive prefetch and
caching, and having bigger servers and network connections.  For some
customers and some data, paying a premium for speed could be quite
Anonymity.  Guaranteeing privacy for a client's requests could be an
attractive option.  This is an other feature that would depend upon the
merchant maintaining a good reputation.
[1] Mark S. Miller and K. Eric Drexler, "The Agorics Papers",
    [2] Norman Hardy and Eric Dean Tribble, "The Digital Silk Road",
    [3] [4] eternity data storage service

@_date: 1997-08-30 05:27:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Greetings, 
Yup. Forbes, for one. :-). Well, not the address, but certainly the name
'cypherpunks' which generates great gory hit piles to this list when
entered into any search engine...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-05 07:30:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial Cryptography '98 Call for Papers 
Resent-Date: Mon, 4 Aug 1997 18:40:01 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: online.offshore.com.ai: list set sender to
fc97-request using -f
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/65
X-Loop: fc97
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: fc97-request
General Information:
Financial Cryptography '98 (FC98) is a conference on the security of
digital financial transactions.  Meetings alternate between the island
of Anguilla in the British West Indies and other locations.  This
second meeting will be held in Anguilla on February 23-26, 1998.  FC98
aims to bring together persons involved in both the financial and data
security fields to foster cooperation and exchange of ideas.
Original papers are solicited on all aspects of financial data
security and digital commerce in general, including
    Anonymous Payments                      Fungibility
    Authentication                          Home Banking
    Communication Security                  Identification
    Conditional Access                      Implementations
    Copyright Protection                    Loss Tolerance
    Credit/Debit Cards                      Loyalty Mechanisms
    Currency Exchange                       Legal Aspects
    Digital Cash                            Micropayments
    Digital Receipts                        Network Payments
    Digital Signatures                      Privacy Issues
    Economic Implications                   Regulatory Issues
    Electronic Funds Transfer               Smart Cards
    Electronic Purses                       Standards
    Electronic Voting                       Tamper Resistance
    Electronic Wallets                      Transferability
Instructions for Authors:
Send a cover letter and 12 copies of an extended abstract to be
received by November 17, 1997 (or postmarked by November 7, 1997 and
sent via airmail) to the Program Chair at the address given below.
The extended abstract should start with the title, the names of the
authors, and an abstract followed by a succinct statement appropriate
for a non-specialist reader specifying the subject addressed, its
background, the main achievements, and their significance to financial
data security.  Submissions are limited to 15 single-spaced pages of
12pt type.  Notification of acceptance or rejection will be sent to
authors no later than January 12, 1998.
Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their paper will
be presented at the conference.
Proceedings of the conference will be published by Springer Verlag in
their Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series.  Preproceedings
will be available at the conference, but final versions will not be
due until afterwards, giving authors the opportunity to revise their
papers based on presentations and discussions at the meeting.
Instructions and deadlines for submission of final papers will be sent
later to authors of accepted papers.
Rump Session:
In addition to the regular conference program, a rump session will be
held to provide an opportunity for less formal presentations.
Although the rump session will be organized during the conference
itself, any advance proposals may be sent to the Program Co-Chair at
the email address given below.  Rump session contributions will not
appear in the conference proceedings.
A very limited number of stipends may be available to those unable to
obtain funding to attend the conference.  Students whose papers are
accepted and who will present the paper themselves are encouraged to
apply if such assistance is needed.  Requests for stipends should be
addressed to one of the General Chairs.
Information about conference registration and on travel, hotels, and
Anguilla itself will follow in a separate general announcement.  There
will be special discount registration rates for authors of accepted
submissions, full-time academics, and students.
A workshop, intended for anyone with commercial software development
experience who wants hands-on familiarity with the issues and
technology of financial cryptography, is planned in conjunction with
FC98, to be held during the week preceding the conference.  For
information, please contact one of the General Chairs.
Send Submissions to:
Rafael Hirschfeld
FC98 Program Chair
Kruislaan 413
1098 SJ Amsterdam
The Netherlands
email: ray
phone: +31 20 592 4169
fax: +31 20 592 4199
Send Rump Session Contributions to:
Matthew Franklin
FC98 Program Co-Chair
email: franklin
Program Committee:
Matt Blaze, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA
Antoon Bosselaers, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Leuven, Belgium
Yves Carlier, Bank for International Settlements, Basel, Switzerland
Walter Effross, Washington College of Law, American U., Washington DC, USA
Matthew Franklin, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA
Michael Froomkin, U. Miami School of Law, Coral Gables, FL, USA
Rafael Hirschfeld, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Alain Mayer, Bell Laboratories/Lucent Technologies, Murray Hill, NJ, USA
Moni Naor, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel
Frank Trotter, Mark Twain Ecash/Mercantile Bank, St. Louis, MO, USA
Doug Tygar, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA
Moti Yung, CertCo LLC (formerly: Bankers Trust E-Commerce), New York, NY, USA
General Chairs:
Robert Hettinga, Shipwright, Boston, MA, USA
   email: rah
Vincent Cate, Offshore Information Services, Anguilla, BWI
   email: vince
Exhibits and Sponsorship Manager:
Julie Rackliffe, Boston, MA, USA
   email: rackliffe
Workshop Leader:
Ian Goldberg, Berkeley, CA, USA
   email: iang
Those interested in becoming a sponsor of FC98 or in purchasing
exhibit space, please contact the Exhibits and Sponsorship Manager.
A copy of this call for papers as well as other information about the
conference will be available at URL --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-08-06 16:58:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Digital Money: New Era or Business as Usual? 
x-sender: daveb
Please repost to e$ and anywhere else you think it might go down well!
The speaker line up is excellent so I'm hoping we can drum up some extra
business by showing it off!!
Digital Money: New Era or Business as Usual?
London, England, 7th-8th October 1997
Hyperion are co-sponsors of a two day seminar bringing together leaders
in the field of digital money and online trading. The seminar is
organised by Unicom  in association with Lotus,
NCR, Computer Associates, Attachmate, IMIS, Automatic ID News, British
Computer Society and the Institute of Management Consultants.
The seminar cost UKP 845 plus VAT where applicable and places should be
booked through Unicom.
Opening Address: Digital Money Directions
David G.W. Birch, Director, Hyperion.
Keynote Address: Monetary Innovation in Historical Perspective
Glyn Davies, Professor Emeritus and economic advisor to Julian Hodge Bank
Ltd. A copy of Glyn's excellent book "A History of Money from Ancient
Times to the Present Day" will be presented free to all delegates with
the compliments of Hyperion.
Digital Money and Laissez-Faire Banking
David Cronin, formerly with Bank of Ireland.
Digital Money Liability
Nick Lockett, Field Fisher Waterhouse.
Why is the Electronic Economy Different?
John Browning (edited Wired UK).
Programmable Currenies
Howard Smith, CSC
Is the Book Entry Transaction Dead?
Bob Hettinga, Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Trading in the Internet Financial System
Ian Grigg, Systemics
The Electronic Purse in Context
Peter Hirsch, Retail Banking Research
Mondex, A Status Report
Steve Maier, Mondex International
E-Cash, GSM and the Net
Julian Wilson, AT&T Unisource
Electronic Purse: the lessons so far
Steve Johnson, Verifone
Getting from Real Money to Electronic Money
Robert Zipplies, DigiCash
Peter Kirby, IBM
The Cybercash Solution Set
Steve Crispinelli, Cybercash
The Millicent Scheme
Henry Gouraud, Digital UK.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-02 09:51:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Net Worth, net Work 
Now, kiddies, don't forget to swallow your milk before you read this.
Don't want to blow it all out your nose...
--- begin forwarded text
Resent-Date: Wed, 27 Aug 1997 12:11:21 -0700 (PDT)
Reply-To: rre-maintainers
X-URL: X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/1664
X-Loop: rre
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: rre-request
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
Please feel free to forward this to colleagues who may be interested in the
topics of this conference.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibilty
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Net Worth, Net Work:
Technology & Values for the Digital Age
Saturday and Sunday
October 4 & 5
University of California - Berkeley
Dwinelle Hall
The "information highway" as a business model has generated major questions
concerning privacy, security and free speech. It's clear that digitization
more than just turn analog activities into ones and zeroes. Many aspects of
society are greatly affected -- how we conduct business and how we work. This
conference will focus on the burgeoning digital economy, especially its impact
on wealth and jobs.
We are moving into a new era for the workplace and some believe that we are
reaching "the end of work," as we know it. This change has been compared by
to the social impact of the industrial revolution. The "digital revolution" is
leading to both predictable and unforeseen transformations. Net Worth, Net
Technology & Values for the Digital Age will explore the many aspects of this
epic social transformation.
THE CONFERENCE AGENDA
Saturday, October 4
9:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m.
THE TECHNOLOGIES OF RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS
What are the technologies that will make digital commerce work in a socially
responsible manner? Nathaniel Borenstein of First Virtual and a panel of
commerce experts will present an overview of the tools of the digital age and
freewheeling discussion of their responsible use.
ACCESS FOR ALL
New technologies are rapidly changing what people need to know to compete
effectively in the job market. It is increasingly evident that the technology
revolution threatens to leave whole populations behind --despite improved
to computers in our communities. Many predict the long-term result will be
a new
generation of Americans mired in low-paying, menial jobs. This panel,
by Madeline Stanionis of Access to Software for All People (ASAP), will
access to technology as the basis for economic opportunity.
FAIRLY FREE: Compensating Creators and Maximizing Access
As the slogan goes, "information wants to be free" -- and in digital
technologies there is a plethora of information. Computer libertarians
find themselves at odds with commercial publishers, and in a sometimes uneasy
relationship with creators -- writers, photographers, graphic artists -- who
want to be fairly compensated when others profit from their work. What is the
public's stake in translating traditional principles of copyright, piracy and
fair use into the media environment of the 21st century?
SHOW ME THE MONEY
The economics of the digital age are quite different from that of our waning
industrial world. From the "market of one" to global banking, value is no
measured in tons or shiploads, but in much more difficult to measure units
"attention" and "clickstream." Speculation about the future in this area
some of the greatest science fiction ever written. The question is not only
where are we going, but is there anything we do about it?
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Saturday, October 4
6:30 - 8:00 p.m.
GALA EVENT
Berkeley Conference Center
2105 Bancroft Way, Berkeley
Cocktail reception honoring Dr. PETER NEUMANN, 1997 recipient of CPSR's
Wiener Award for his outstanding contributions to the field of Risk and
Reliability in Computer Science.  Reception tickets may be purchased without
registering for the conference, for $30.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Sunday, October 5
9:00 a.m. -12 noon
WORKSHOPS: EXPLORING DIGITAL COMMERCE
Twelve workshops will give hands-on information on such topics as creating
community access; how will we work in the digital workplace;  how will we
work-value and compensation; and many more important issues.
For updated conference information, check our conference webpage at:
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Sunday, October 5
1:30 p.m. - 5:00 p.m.
CPSR ANNUAL MEETING
FREE AND OPEN TO EVERYONE
         Reports from the CPSR board and staff.
         Envisioning our Future - CPSR's Strategic Plan
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Conference Sponsors
Interval Research Corporation
Internet Travel Network
Pacific Bell
Co-Sponsoring Organizations:
Department of Computer Science, UCB
School of Information Management and Systems, UCB
International Computer Science Institute
National Writer's Union
Access to Software for All People
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
AIR:  United Airlines is the official airline of the conference.
For a discount rate, call 800-521-4041 and refer to Meeting ID Code: 520YA
HOTEL:  Some rooms have been reserved at the Shattuck Hotel, in downtown
Berkeley, a few blocks from the campus at $69 for Singles, and $79 for
plus 12% tax.  To reserve, call by September 19th.
Call in CA: 800-742-8825, Out-of-State: 800-237-5359, and refer to CPSR.
DIRECTIONS:  University of California - Berkeley visitor and parking
is available at:
PARKING:  Parking on weekends is $3 (all in quarters in most lots) per day in
any parking area not posted as "restricted."  Parking behind Dwinelle Hall can
be reached from Oxford Street by taking Cross Campus Drive (between Center
Street and Allston Way).  A campus parking map is available at:
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
City_________________________________  State________  Zip___________
Telephone__(_____)_________________ E-mail _________________________________
Payment method:
Check___Visa___MC___  Card   Exp. Date_____
                                Pre- registration (By 9/26)   Late or On site
CPSR members                            $65______                 $75______
Non member                              $90______                $100______
New or Reactivating CPSR membership
   & registration                       $95______                $105______
Low income/student                      $30______                  $35______
Wiener Award Ceremony
    rate for conference registrants     $5______                   $10______
OR to attend without registering for conference  $30 _______
Additional donation to further CPSR's work       $________
                        Total enclosed:          $________
Scholarships available in limited quantity.  Contact CPSR for information.
Send completed registration form with payment to:
CPSR, P.O. Box 717, Palo Alto, CA  94302
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-02 21:02:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: You really do want to volunteer, don't you? 
So, Tim, what should we all be working on, in particular?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-03 08:04:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: WIPO Implementing Legislation 
X-Sender: kaye
X-Priority: 2 (High)
Sender: member-sponsored-owner
Precedence: bulk
This message was addressed to:  member-sponsored
A member company has asked that we consider whether CommerceNet joins in
the concern, as expressed by the Online Banking Association, that some
provisions of HR 2281, the legislation implementing the WIPO treaties,
undermine the objectives of the SAFE bill and have a negative effect on the
development of encryption technologies.
Specifically their concern is that Section 1201(a) will effectively
prohibit encryption research and development in that it prohibits the
manufacture and use of decryption technologies, which are used to test
encryption technologies and make them more secure.  They suggest that
section (a) needs to be redrafted to prohibit the use of decryption
technology to obtain unauthorized access to encryption works.
My recommendation is that CommerceNet join in this concern and the
recommendation for resolving it.  Please let me know if your companies have
any objection to CommerceNet doing so.
Additional background information is available below.
- Kaye Caldwell
CommerceNet Policy Director
================= Background Information ==========================
For reference, HR 2281 is available at:
Section 1201(a) states:
`(a) VIOLATIONS REGARDING CIRCUMVENTION OF TECHNOLOGICAL
    PROTECTION MEASURES- (1) No person shall circumvent a technological
    measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this
    `(2) No person shall manufacture, import, offer to the public, provide
or otherwise traffic
    in any technology, product, service, device, component, or part thereof
        `(A) is primarily designed or produced for the purpose of
circumventing a
        technological protection measure that effectively controls access
to a work protected
        under this title;
        `(B) has only limited commercially significant purpose or use other
than to
        circumvent a technological protection measure that effectively
controls access to a
        work protected under this title; or
        `(C) is marketed by that person or another acting in concert with
that person for use
        in circumventing a technological protection measure that
effectively controls access to
        a work protected under this title.
    `(3) As used in this subsection--
        `(A) to `circumvent a technological protection' means to descramble
a scrambled
        work, to decrypt an encrypted work, or otherwise to avoid, bypass,
        deactivate, or impair a technological protection measure, without
the authority of the
        copyright owner; and
        `(B) a technological protection measure `effectively controls
access to a work' if the
        measure, in the ordinary course of its operation, requires the
application of
        information, or a process or a treatment, with the authority of the
copyright owner, to
        gain access to the work.
============= End of Background Information ==========================
Kaye Caldwell,  Policy Director
E-mail: KCaldwell
Phone: (408) 479-8743    Fax: (408) 479-9247

@_date: 1997-09-03 09:51:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Things we should be working on... 
[outstanding non-comprehensive list snipped]
So, Tim, does this mean that you're now willing to fund development of any
of those things?
Sorry to bait and switch you like that, Tim, but I had a point.
That is, if it doesn't make money, it won't happen. Economic
"utilitarianism", like the rest of reality, is not optional.
Agreed. Book-entry transactions on the internet are the functional
equivalent of an electric car with a power cord. Or trying to make a
supersonic derigible. And, the *only* way you can have bearer certificate
transactions on the net of any non-repudiable strength is with
cryptography. The strongest cryptographic protocols, for very little extra
cost, are those involving anonymous bearer certificates, and so, I claim,
anonymous bearer certificate protocols will eventually replace "Visa on the
Net", with digital bearer forms of picocash, or macrobonds, or anonymously
held equity or derivatives. You certainly can't do those anywhere, much
less on the net, with book-entry settlement. The net, or the machines which
use them, anyway, would choke on the overhead.
The internet sees audit trails as damage and routes around them, to torture
poor Gilmore's quote one more time...
So, my goal is *not* to maximize privacy, because it's a natural
consequence of my actual goal, which is reduce the cost of any given
transaction by 3 or so orders of magnitude. To maximize profit, in other
words. The way to do that, on a ubiquitous internet, is, paradoxically,
with strong cryptography. That, I am sure, is a fundemental economic fact
of the universe.
Amazing, isn't it, that my goal and your goal get the same result of
ubiquitous financial (and thus any other kind of) anonymity? Kind of like
the neat way that some mathematics describes physical processes, or that
aerodynamic flight, ostensibly orthogonal to economics, is cheaper than
long distance surface travel, much less boyant flight, for moving people
around. An argument that Hume would have loved, certainly. The connection
between privacy and economic return is only constant conjunction, like the
sun coming up tomorrow because it came up every morning in human memory.
It's going to be just as predictable, though.
So, getting back to my point, which Sameer and PGP and even RSA have proven
already, and which lots of the rest of us hope to prove going forward,
cryptoanarchy must pay for itself in order to be deployed. It's that
In other words, if you want to see it, Tim, and you can't build it
yourself, hire it built, and see if it sells. It's risky, any investment
is, but given your past financial success, you're demonstrably clueful
enough to get a good return for any investment you make in cryptography.
Bob Hettinga

@_date: 1997-09-03 23:36:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Capitalism 102 (was Re: Things we should be working on...) 
To the contrary, it's not a donation at all. I see it as a set of
investment criteria, myself. How is the market going to make something for
you if it doesn't know what you want? Keeping in mind what I said about
privacy being economically efficient, I take what is said on this list
about privacy, "gossip" or not, very seriously, especially when it comes
from someone like you, Tim.
Maybe they're misinterpreting all the stuff you've said over the years
about "something must be done", "cypherpunks is not a group", and "we"
ought to do to things, etc.
Frankly, a discussion of specifications and desired results is worth much
more than the wasted random effort saved when people just write code and
let god sort it out. I mean, Michaelson-Morley may have been a neat
experimental finding, but nothing really happened with gravity until
Einstein figured out space-time, right?
Of course not. See above. There are many more people who know how to write
code than there are like you, Tim, who know what to do it *for*.
Unfortunately, people who write code need to eat. Fortunately, people who
know what to do can raise money to hire people who write code if the idea's
good enough to sell twice: once to investors, and again to the market for
which the code's intended. And, rarely, as in your case, Tim, some people
with money already know what to do and can hire people to do it. If they
can "sell" *themselves* on the idea that the market will buy it. The guy
who founded Aldus did it with Pagemaker. Osbourne did it, too, before he
made the mistake of hiring a completely ignorant "professional" managment...
Well, it was more for the list's benefit than yours, Tim. You're just my
unsuspecting foil, here. :-).
If, say, John Gilmore were here saying the same kinds of stuff you were,
I'd have sprung my little rhetorical trap for him instead, by getting him
to list what we should do next, and then asking him which ones he's going
to invest in. He'd probably be just as pissed off.
You just got lucky, is all...
Actually, if you count the money and time he's thrown at politics and
lawyers, and S/WAN, and cypherpunks, and a few other things, you might say
Gilmore's made an investment or two. Unfortunately, since he's not using
actual investment criteria -- profits, in other words -- you might consider
those investments to have been accidental. On the other hand, investing is
always about personal choices, whatever they are, and so the loop closes on
itself, I suppose.
The point is, all of the stuff you've listed costs money to do, Tim, or it
would have been done already. Which means, unless you're doing this for a
hobby, spending a very small fraction of your total income, (or an
obsession, taking all of your time and income, which can easily be argued
here on my own part :-),) then the money or time you invest in an activity
has to perpetuate itself, or eventually you won't be able to do it anymore.
Simple economics.
So, Tim, why don't you pick your favorite project on that list, hire some
people to write code, and go for it? Most of the stuff on your list can't
cost that much to do, and, if it did, then it's probably the wrong project
for you, personally, financially, to work on. If that project makes money,
you can reinvest it in something bigger anyway. Capitalism 101.
I think that Sameer in particular proves that the barriers to entry for
some financial cryptography markets are still practically nonexistant from
an investment perspective. Not for the stuff Sameer's doing, of course.
He's raised his own barriers to entry behind him by investing in his
markets already. C2NET was completely bootstrapped, though, and hopefully,
Sameer will never need outside investment. As smart as he is about
business, he'd certainly be a fool to ever take VC money. However, like
Bill Gates, the time may eventually come when he's got so many option
holders in C2NET that the SEC will force him to go public, like they did to
Microsoft, another bootstrapped company.
Anyway, especially in anonymous digital bearer settlement, which is the
really important stuff in financial cryptography, there are lots of
opportunities out there, and some of them are bootstrapable. Some of those
which aren't should be funded by single, monomaniacal, investors like the
Aldus guy did with Pagemaker, or you, Tim, should do with your favorite
project on the list. Hopefully, the rest the non-bootstrap stuff can be
done with e$lab or something like it. At least that's what *I'm* hoping...
You don't even have to be incredibly active as an investor. Armand Hammer
(not a good example as a human being, but certainly a good one here) got
into the oil business practically by accident *after* he retired, and
pretty much kept a retiree's schedule all throughout Occidental's growth
into a major oil company.
Privacy, financial or otherwise, is economic efficiency. Anyone who
consistantly steers by the star of privacy is going to make money and thus
change the world.
And, Tim, there is no better navigator of those waters, anywhere in the
world, than you are. None.
You're the moral compass most of us in the crypto community have
internalized when we think "what would Tim say" about something we're
thinking about doing.
(Well, you don't steer north all the time, sometimes there are rocks in the
way, but you still have to know where north is, certainly, or you don't
*get* anywhere. ;-))
So, Tim, again, which one of those projects do you want to do? Who are you
going to hire to do them? More important, how much money do you think
you'll get back by doing it?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-05 21:19:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: High Profile Detainee Seeks Legal Help 
X-Sender: evian
Reply-To:     Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender:       Law & Policy of Computer Communications
September 3, 1997
Mr. Kevin Mitnick has been detained in Federal custody without bail on
computer "hacking" allegations for over thirty months.  Having no financial
resources, Mr. Mitnick has been appointed counsel from the Federal Indigent
Defense Panel.  As such, Mr. Mitnick's representation is limited; his
attorney is not permitted to assist with civil actions, such as filing a
Writ of Habeas Corpus.
For the past two years, Mr. Mitnick has attempted to assist in his own
defense by conducting legal research in the inmate law library at the
Metropolitan Detention Center (hereinafter "MDC") in Los Angeles,
California.  Mr. Mitnick's research includes reviewing court decisions for
similar factual circumstances which have occurred in his case.  MDC prison
officials have been consistently hampering Mr. Mitnick's efforts by denying
him reasonable access to law library materials.  Earlier this year, Mr.
Mitnick's lawyer submitted a formal request to Mr. Wayne Siefert, MDC
Warden, seeking permission to allow his client access to the law library on
the days set aside for inmates needing extra law library time.  The Warden
In August 1995, Mr. Mitnick filed an administrative remedy request with the
Bureau of Prisons complaining that MDC policy in connection with inmate
access to law library materials does not comply with Federal rules and
regulations.  Specifically, the Warden established a policy for MDC inmates
that detracts from Bureau of Prison's policy codified in the Code of
Federal Regulations.
Briefly, Federal law requires the Warden to grant additional law library
time to an inmate who has an "imminent court deadline".  The MDC's policy
circumvents this law by erroneously interpreting the phrase "imminent court
deadline" to include other factors, such as, whether an inmate exercises
his right to assistance of counsel, or the type of imminent court deadline.
 For example, MDC policy does not consider detention (bail), motion, status
conference, or sentencing hearings as imminent court deadlines for
represented inmates.  MDC officials use this policy as a tool to subject
inmates to arbitrary and capricious treatment.  It appears MDC policy in
connection with inmate legal activities is inconsistent with Federal law
and thereby affects the substantial rights of detainees which involve
substantial liberty interests.
In June 1997, Mr. Mitnick finally exhausted administrative remedies with
the Bureau of Prisons.  Mr. Mitnick's only avenue of vindication is to seek
judicial review in a Court of Law.  Mr. Mitnick wishes to file a Writ of
Habeas Corpus challenging his conditions of detention, and a motion to
compel Federal authorities to follow their own rules and regulations.
Mr. Mitnick is hoping to find someone with legal experience, such as an
attorney or a law student willing to donate some time to this cause to
insure fair treatment for everyone, and to allow detainees to effectively
assist in their own defense without "Government" interference.  Mr. Mitnick
needs help drafting a Habeas Corpus petition with points and authorities to
be submitted by him pro-se.  His objective is to be granted reasonable
access to law library materials to assist in his own defense.
If you would like to help Kevin, please contact him at the following address:
        Mr. Kevin Mitnick
        Reg. No. 89950-012
        P.O. Box 1500
        Los Angeles, CA 90053-1500
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-05 21:19:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FBI calls for mandatory key escrow; Denning on export ctrls 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Peter F Cassidy The campaign to bring all communications technologies under state/military
control is progressing almost exactly as planned. On my desk is the Jan.
1992 memorandum from Brent Scowcroft, former national security advisor to
Bush, outlining the digital telephony/crypto control strategy. The
president, Scowcroft wrote in the memorandum, had advised:
"Justice should go ahead now to seek a legislative fix to the digital
telephony problem, and all parties should prepare to follow through on the
encryption problem in about a year. Success with digital telephony will
lock in one major objective; we will have a beachhead we can exploit for
the encryption fix; and the encryption access options can be developed
more thoroughly in the meantime."
Digital Telephony legislation was passed in October of 1994 - after the
directors of the NSA and FBI visisted senators who were sitting on it and
placed holds on it - one for idealogical reasons, the other for
horsetrading later in the session. Within days the holds were removed, the
legislation flew through both houses in voice votes, if memory serves, and
Clinton, a war protester who has become a virtual puppet of the military
intelligence system in communications policy, signed it about a week
later. Everyone has a telephone yet the opposition couldn't muster enough
popular dissent to crush the legislation. This makes me fear for the
future of crypto, the conscious users of which define a much smaller
universe than telephone users.
Most interestingly, the FBI didn't even have real facts on wiretaps to
prove its case. A recent academic study indicates that the wiretapping
stats that the FBI used to "prove" its case - the absolute necessity of
wiretapping - were in large part falsified. (Starting in the early 90s,
requests for wiretapping suddenly shot up, while, if you check later, the
numbers of executions of the orders and subsequent arrests and
prosecutions stayed flat.)
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-05 23:57:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: A Future Garrisoned 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
               The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                          Peter Cassidy
                     Author, Technology Analyst
                        A Future Garrisoned:
                    How Long Can Military Fiat
               Control Digital Commerce Technologies?
                      Tuesday, October 7, 1997
                             12 - 2 PM
                 The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                   One Federal Street, Boston, MA
It is the wonderful American expectation of the new that informs a
belief that what is technically possible is inevitable. Peter Cassidy's
presentation - "A Future Garrisoned: How Long Can Military Fiat Control
Digitial Commerce Technologies?" - will measure the political distance
between what is possible in digital commerce and the reality of trying to
establish it in the face of a campaign of disruption orchestrated by as
influential an actor as the military-intelligence complex.
has been fought between the military intelligence agencies and the
civilian sector since the late 1970s when it became apparent that
cryptography would not long remain the preserve of the military without
political intervention. (In his research, Mr. Cassidy has discovered that
military intelligence agencies in the United States have a larger scope of
interest in communications technologies than that which makes its way into
the mass media, including such vital parts of the modern infrastructure as
the civilian telephone network.)
barriers this campaign of disruption presents for the wide-scale adoption
of strong cryptographic technologies, digital specie and other electronic
financial instrumentation - such as adaption of Federal Reserve policy to
the digital commerce space. As well, Mr. Cassidy will look at the routes
of evasive action that are taken by creative digital commerce pioneers to
end-run the most palpable of military barriers to electronic commerce: the
export control regulations.
For the public presses, Peter Cassidy covers technology, white collar
crime and national affairs and, for research firms, he authors analyses on
technologies and their relevant markets. His reportage and opinion pieces
have appeared in WIRED, Forbes ASAP, The Economist, The Covert Action
Quarterly, The Progressive, The Texas Observer, Telepath Magazine, Bankers
Monthly, American Banker, InformationWeek, CFO Magazine, OMNI, The Boston
Sunday Globe, Boston Magazine, The Sunday Sacramento Bee, ComputerWorld,
National Mortgage News, Mortgage Technology, The International Digital
Media Yearbook (Japan), NetscapeWorld, CIO Magazine, Webmaster Magazine,
Datamation Magazine, World Trade Magazine and dozens of magazines and
newspapers worldwide. Several of his pieces have been included in
anthologies and college social studies texts. His expertise in information
technologies has garnered him contracts with some of the most prestigious
industrial research firms in America - Giga Information Group, Dataquest,
CI-InfoCorp, Business Research Group, Inc., a subsidiary of Cahners/Reed
Elsevier, and NSI Information Services - for whom he has authored analyses
on a range of subjects including cryptography and the network security
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, October 7, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, October 4, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
November  Carl Ellison         Identity and Certification for Electronic
                                Commerce
December  James O'Toole        Internet Coupons
January   Joseph Reagle        "Social Protocols": Meta-data
                                and Negotiation in Digital Commerce
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-06 10:34:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: Boston D-H expiration Party at Doyles on Saturday. (fwd)y 
Welll, if you really insist:
    Fuck you.
    In half.
    With a brick.
In jest, of course...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-06 21:58:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: Boston D-H expiration Party at Doyles on Saturday. 
That's okay, so did we. :-).
Peter's call mostly just forced the issue and made me get off the dime to
make something we'd been talking about. I suppose if anyone else had called
me the same thing would have happened.
Life imitates art imitating life, I guess.
In hindsight, I think having a beer at Doyle's is a much better way to do
this, anyway.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-08 02:16:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [LONG} Funding Cypherpunks Projects 
Frankly, I wish you had, we seem to get along better that way, something I
keep forgetting,  but here goes...
So, you just write them in vaccuo? I doubt that. Nobody writes things so
that no one ever will ever read them. Especially when they post them to an
immediate potential audience of thousands, and their words are permanently
archived for posterity in at least 10 places. :-).
Even if you posted them here so no one would act on your suggestions -- the
best ones out there, I might add, because you've thought about all of these
things longer and harder than practically anyone in the world -- they still
have value, which is why I, for one, asked for them.
Of course not. However, it doesn't keep your best thinking on this from
having economic value, nonetheless...
Which is why I asked for your opinion, besides to set a rhetorical trap for
you, of course. :-).
Nothing. That's because it costs money to do, and the best people have to
work for a living. Well, most of the best people do, anyway. :-).
Agreed. Just think, there would be more effort put into the exercise of
writing code if people could see reward for the risk of their time and
neurons. Frankly, for the best coders _qua_ coders, probably, the only
reward, after the inherent satisfaction of doing good work, in my opinion,
is money. Like Rhett Butler said in GWTW: "People say that money doesn't
buy happiness, but it usually does, and when it can't it can buy the most
interesting substitutes." I see your life, including your door-side stack
of assault rifles, to be reasonable proof of interesting substitutes at the
very least, myself. :-).
Indeed. And, I claim that the very best barometer of what works is what
sells in the market.
If *I* knew what *you* knew? Someday, when I can afford the body armor, you
can give me the breifing. :-).
Well, frankly, I'm not after VC money, but we'll talk about that in a minute.
Agreed. However, there is opportunity cost, measured not only in the time
invested on something else, but the return on the investment of doing that
other thing. "The cost of anything is the foregone alternative." As my old
Mizzou econ prof liked to beat us with. Frankly, if you're doing things for
the glory of the revolution, or to make the world free from nation-states,
or the joy of flight, that's cool, but it don't pay the rent. It may
temporarily focus your efforts more than if you're just trying to pay the
rent, certainly, but it won't actually keep the wolves from the door nearly
as well as a ducat or two will.
I other words, it may have been the joy of flight which motivated the
Wright Brothers, but it was coach fare to Cleveland which built the DC3 and
got the rest of us actually in the air.
Certainly a bass-ackward way to do it. Unfortunately, that's the way Disney
did it, or L.B. Mayer did it,  or Gates, or Edison, or Parekh did it. They
had a picture in their head of the way the world worked, or should work,
they did things, as cheaply as possible, which should work in that picture,
and they were right. They still invested something, is my point, whether it
was their money or their time, or their inspiration.
Just because your friends spent so much money doing what they wanted to do,
Tim, or doing the wrong thing because they didn't know how, doesn't mean
that economic enterprise shouldn't exist at all. There's something to be
said for heuristics, obviously, but I think your sample size is too small.
Frankly, gifted programmers are not the people who make money, Tim. Robert
Noyce may have been a gifted scientist once, but in the end it was his
ability to motivate people ("...don't expect to come here and have me solve
your problems. It's *your* ass.") that mattered. That and his ability to
understand the opportunities in his market.
Probably because as one of the few people around who understood what
constitutes an investment opportunity, you didn't create one?
Sameer is exactly my case in point. He decided, at the outset, to make
money, with as little investment as possible, from cryptography. He kept
looking, no, *creating*, opportunities in cryptography until he figured out
that financial cryptography was literally where the money was, and now he's
riding that pony for all it's worth.
Gates, Carnagie, Morgan, all those guys did the same thing.
I look at PGP, Inc., as the second round of funding for Phil's Pretty Good
Software, Inc.. They have a product, they have a market, they have (mostly)
a managment, they needed money to go after much larger competition, like
RSA/DSI, and people with money trusted that they could do it. And, it's a
good bet, after a false start, that that's the case...
Rumor has it that they don't pay their bills, and have been stiffing
various suppliers ever since they started up. "You should think like an
illegal actor" indeed. I understand that there's enough in unpaid bills
from around the country point to call in the Feds, of all people,
onto SA, but most of the people holding the bag are politically opposed to
calling the cops. Kind of works out nice for Eric and Hilby, though it
makes for an interesting incentive to build one of your eternity-style
deadbeat servers, now that I think about it. It might explain why, in
addition to the reasons you've already outlined above, they haven't
actually gotten anything off the ground. What goes around comes around, and
all that.
Agreed. However, you have to remember that probability works both ways. The
expected value of an investment, be it VC or not, has to be greater than
zero, or the money won't go there. That, I believe, is why we have
investors in technology, in particular cryptography.
It's why I also think that the largest investment opportunities in
cryptography will be in financial cryptography, which, I expect, requires
all the fun things that people here want to implement, anonymity,
unbreakable encryption, reputation sanction, the works, to exist in order
to work well. More to the point, all of this stuff will exist because it
will be the *cheapest* way to transact business on the net, probably by
several orders of magnitude over the way it's done now.
It's also why I think you, Tim, would be one of the best financial
cryptography investors on the planet. If you decide to "create" an
opportunity or two.
Pretty much agreed. Like the old jewish shopkeeper's maxim: "First thing
you do, you get the money." That means customers, not investors. However,
in order to get customers, you have to have something to sell, which
requires an investment of some kind. Chicken and egg, maybe. That's
probably why some investors are willing to break the cycle if you can show
them where the money's going to come from. Frankly, if you sell them a
story instead of a market, they deserve to lose their money on you, and you
deserve to not get anyone's money anymore.
Absolutely agree. Except of course, that those nimble self-funded small
teams have the most coherent "grand visions" in their head of anyone in the
market. They know what the world should be so well that even if nobody will
invest in their idea, they can make money with it.
"The first thing you do, get the money." However, coming from Intel, did
you notice that Intel had investors? Admittedly, software startups don't
need *that* much, money, as you've said. As long as the principals see
there's money to be made from their efforts in the long run. Or they want
to change the world. And, frankly, I think financial cryptography is the
best of both; you're getting paid to change the world.
Post hoc, ergo, propter hoc. Certainly. Warren Buffett talked in a Forbes
issue on portfolio managers a few years ago about a country of 268 million
chipanzees, where everyone is given a quarter, and every day the chimps
would pair off and flip coins, winner take all. After 28 days of
increasingly high-stakes "competition", a single winner would emerge, and
write a book titled "How I made $68 million in a month, working just
seconds a day".
However, like I said before, if the expected value of a given investement
is positive, then you can make money investing in enough investments just
like it, Tim, as you, of all people, know. It's not a zero sum game. That's
why it's called investing, and not gambling...
Lots of people who just go through the mechanics of "active" portfolio
management might as well invest in an index and let other people think
about such things.
However, Tim, my claim is that, as someone who knows more than practically
anyone else about this field and what it could do, you have the, forgive
me, "grand vision" thing down better than almost anyone. You invented most
of it, for starters. :-). It's one of the reasons this list is what it is,
vitriol and all. ;-). A selling point of the Schnelling Point, to torture
the language more than a little.
I'm not so sure about that. Clearly, people like Clarke, or Gates, or lots
of other people, for that matter, know how to make money just by investing
their time and intuition into something. That skill is mostly learned, I
think. Gates' parents and family taught it to him, for instance, and it's
clear that somebody taught Clarke as well, or he wouldn't have been able to
do Netscape after SGI. Whether Clarke, or Gates, for that matter, can
continue to do so is anybody's guess, but clearly, they're making it
happen, or we wouldn't be talking about them.
I also believe that lots of other people who know almost what you know
about cryptography could learn a little about making a business, pick up a
lot of that financial cryptography that's on the floor, and make the stuff
we all think should happen faster than if they just wrote code for the
cause and hoped that people would use it. Money makes a good proxy for
measuring success, and it buys stuff too...
Yes, you have to actually spend money (in some form, even time) in order to
make money. And, frankly, if you spend enough time doing something well,
you'll probably make money too, in spite of your reason for doing things.
PRZ is a great example of this, which actually proves my point.
Well, if you count the odds of a single company succeeding, that's about
what you expect, right? However, if you looked at, say 30 of such
companies, even picking them at random would probably pay for your losses
from the ones which hit.
I don't think I said anything about giving money away. I said that you, of
all people, know significantly more about cryptography, financial
cryptography in particular, that you would be a person who could make real
nice money investing in it. Unlike most investors who will be investing in
strong crypto and privacy, you are in a very good position to create your
own opportunities, instead of waiting for them to present themselves.
The cost of anything is the foregone alternative. But, like Heinlein said,
"Of course the game is rigged. But, you can't win if you don't play."
I doubt that that's the way *you'd* invest in crypto at all. Nobody but
fools would do that. However, you, not being a fool, do know what to invest
in, and, more to the point, you'd be more likely to make the stuff you want
to happen if you were actively engaged, i.e., invested, in the process.
Given what you've done in your life so far, that is.
Frankly, I think they'd be pretty good. Given what we've agreed before
about what to code being the most important part of coding. I also expect
that others with more money than time, would kick some in to make it happen.
You're talking about David Chaum, of course. And hindsight, which is always
bullshit (my hindsight in particular ;-)), says that he should have worked
on financial cryptography, a field he invented, and let other people try to
be banks, and then software companies, and now credit card associations.
Dolby is his business model, not Citibank, or VISA.
I think that the time has come to change the conventional wisdom on that.
In my opinion, there is enough cryptography out there, particularly
financial cryptography, that can be funded to see what sells. Stuff which,
by your own admission on this list as far back as 3 years ago, needs more
money than people can donate time for, though not as much as you thought
back then.
I think we're getting to the nub of things, here, and maybe a way to hone
the point a bit. I'm saying, for a lot of technology, that it may not cost
$500K. It might, because of the diseconomies of scale for internet software
and the lack of barriers to entry for the extremely clueful technology
folks out there, be possible to get a fully functional product to market
for as little as $250k, if you could figure out a way to standardize most
of the administrative/legal/financial cruft so that the current crop of
20-something proto-crypto-entrepreneurs could concentrate on getting stuff
done quickly. That, in fact, is what a bunch of us want to do with this
e$lab thing we're kicking around.
However, Tim, someone like you doesn't *need* something like e$lab (if
anyone does at all :-)). You already *know* how to invest in something
properly. You *know* who all the good people are and where all the bodies
are buried. And you clearly know how to squeeze a buck until it hollers.
Hell, you can even fight off an assault of black-nomex-clad ninja bill
collectors. :-). Finally, you probably could do it for significantly *less*
than that $250k...
Someone like you could go out there and find, or, better, build, something
which is just sitting at the edge of the cliff, full of kinetic energy
already, and kick it off onto the market's head. There's shitloads of that
stuff out there right now, and if you thought about it, you'd know more
about what to do, and how to do it, than anyone else. Anyone.
And, I claim, that *that* is the only way to *deploy* any of the stuff on
your list in any *useful* fashion quickly enough to stop the kinds of
totalitarian statism that seems to be afoot this week. If you make
something which saves people whole bunches of money and which uses strong
cryptography to do it, then privacy through strong cryptography isn't just
a good idea, it's a business necessity. Again, you're the person who can do
this best, I think.
As the one person I know whose reality distortion field is bigger (and more
coherent, I might add) than mine (I'm also modest to a fault; ask me...), I
find this hard to believe. *Make* a grand vision which is realistic, if you
don't like what's out there. Frankly, you already have one. Just add money
and stir rapidly...
So it seems. ;-).
Exactly. However, in the case of Pagemaker, the shoestring was *paid* for.
That's why he made out like a bandit. Because he knew exactly what he
wanted, hired the programmers, told them what to write, and paid them for
their work, he *owned* the code when he was done.
This is exactly what I see you doing.
Same thing with C2NET. My bet is that, for the moment, at least, Sameer
owns it *all*, and, frankly, most of the people who work for him are just
happy to get paid to do what they love to do, because nobody's investing in
the market right now the way Sameer does. When people start to really
invest in the market, Sameer's going to have to offer stock options, like
Gates did, to keep people. But he's never going to need to get actual
investment from anyone ever, if he plays his card right. Of, course, like
Gates, he might have to go public someday if he's got too many option
holders. That's a nice problem to have, as I've said before.
My point, Tim, is that you could take any of the projects on your list, or
just the best one, and fund its development as cheaply as possible, on a
shoestring, and do exactly what Sameer or Gates did. Though obviously not
on the same scale as Gates, of course, but certainly the same mechanical
process, and with more than enough return on your investment.
Great. So you know how to do it then.
You may be right, and, frankly, at the moment, all I can do is bark at the
end of my rope about it. :-). Your uncanny talent for ad hominems aside, I
believe that my *analysis* of the situation is still valid, no matter my
motives or credentials to make it. Frankly, there are people with more than
enough credentials agreeing with me on a lot of this stuff. However, that
and a nickle, etc...
That analysis is that you, Tim May, the person who knows more about this
class of stuff than anyone out there, would, in my (completely unworthy
;-)) opinion, be an ideal person to make the right stuff happen. You have
the (if you'll pardon the aspersions on your character) "vision", you have
the knowlege, -- you even have the money -- to create your own
opportunities in cryptography, especially in financial cryptography, which
is the lever long enough to lift the world, as it were.
And it's a shame you don't just up and do it.
Yup. It's called e$lab, for the time being, and it's supposed to be modeled
on IdeaLab in Sacremento, and ThermoElectron, here in Massachusetts, and
it's purpose is to put together as many financial cryptography companies as
possible.  Thank you the plug, however backhanded. Just spell my name
right, or not, and I'll be happy. Any mention you can walk away from, and
all that...
Wonderful. Love to hear it. Be prepared to stand in line for a little while
at the microphone, though... :-).
I'd be happy to stand and correct you, someday, hopefully soon. If it
works, that is. Another nice problem to have. Certainly e$lab represents my
willingness to put people with money and business acumen together with
people who know financial cryptography until the people who know financial
cryptography have enough business accumen to teach it themselves.
Whether e$lab ends up a 'hothouse' in the model we've all come to know and
love remains to be seen. It doesn't mean we get to quit, though.
Sameer's original idea for C2NET didn't work, or his second, either, for
that matter. Microsoft isn't Traff-o-Data anymore. However, the "grand
vision" is still there, and I'm just as convinced that it's right as they
were of theirs...
Indeed. Maybe we're circling around another important truth here. Mark
Twain made his name, and lots of money, writing. You don't need money, but
you've made your name by thinking, writing, and talking, for the most part.
Mark Twain spent horrendous chunks of his personal fortune on a supposedly
revolutionary printing press, or maybe it was a precursor to  the
typewriter, something like that. His famous quote, "Put all your eggs in
one basket. And watch the basket." comes from that experience.
Heck, maybe all *I'm* good for is shooting my mouth off too. (That and
conning people into doing fun projects, hopefully for money.) It would be
nice, someday, to have done a little more than that, though.
It could be that you're not tempermentally suited to invest your time,
effort, and money into strong cryptography as a business, even if you did
know more about where the future is and how to do it cheaper than anyone
else, as I believe you do.
I'm not challenging, per se. That's a little more effort than I'm capable
of. Wheedling might be more apt, but that's an undignified appelation for
my good intent, here. ;-).
Exactly my point. I think, myself, that venture vapital is probably an
industrial phenomenon, caused by transfer pricing inefficiencies in a
hierarchically organized, government controlled, capital market. (But,
that, of course, is an indecipherable jargon-pile for another day.)
I'm sure that someday -- after someone *else* makes a bunch of money
bootstrapping various successful financial cryptography companies --
venture capitalists will invest in financial cryptography. Maybe, if we
make something like e$lab work, somebody in the venture capital business
will want to play there some day, too.
Hopefully, if need to have a second round at all, shares in e$lab would be
stable -- and large -- enough to be more in line with straight up
institutional investment than venture capital. Again, a nice problem to
have. And maybe one we don't even need to have. e$lab may only be of a
certain size. Certainly if the investment's small enough and the returns
are large enough, and if every person in china gave us a nickle... :-).
I think that lots of what you want to do don't need to be done offshore,
and, remembering that whatever you do offshore still hangs your ass here
Stateside, if it can be proven, it doesn't help to be there much. People
like one of the Duty Free Shops partners, and a commodity trader in Zug,
Switzerland (Not to be confused with ZOG, Palestine :-)) come to mind. In
addition, there are lots of foriegn nationals trying to make some of this
"regulatory arbitrage" stuff happen as we speak.
Anyway, you yourself have said here, many times (check the archives ;-)),
that technology has to be built which is jurisdiction independant, anyway.
Besides, you've also said here, many times (check the arch)
that living offshore, except maybe for the nice weather in Anguilla, is not
what it would be cracked up to be for someone like you, anyway...
Ask not for whom the bell tolls, etc...
My apologies. I'm not entirely sure I was "daring" you to do anything. And,
I agree that responding to a "dare" is not a rational investment strategy.
However, I bet that if you put some of your considerable expertise in both
investing and in cryptography, that you could figure out away to make a lot
of the stuff that we talk about here on this list real.
(Maybe, if I'm not careful and I keep bugging you enough, even assasination
markets. ;-))
Nope. More like a hands-on, bootstrap, create your own opportunity
approach, which is what I'm talking about. Something you could probably do,
and probably do better than anyone else out there, by virtue of having
created this "vision" we all want to see happen.
Agreed, but again, that's not the point. The point is, that for a given
amount of money, time, and determination, more money is made than is
invested over all. And, frankly, I do not believe that people like Sameer
is "lucky" (heh...) anyway. He made his luck by not giving up on making
money with privacy and cryptography. What he found was the most money can
be made in financial cryptography, which is, oddly enough, the way to make
the most privacy happen as well. Funny how that economics stuff works...
As Telulah Bankhead said to Chico Marx under lewd circumstances: "And so
you shall, you old fashioned boy"...
Cutsey may be as cutesy does, but heavy reliance on it or not, it's not
nearly as skinny a gambit as periodically calling for "somebody" to
suitcase nuke Washington, however pleasant the prospect may be to some of
us on occasion.
Admittedly, I did not play fair back there. When one bangs on the cage of a
900 lb gorilla with a stick, one should expect a little shit thrown in
one's face in return...
I mean, not that you're a gorilla or anything, Tim. Or 900 pounds. Or even
throw shit, for that matter, but, well, maybe I better quit, now...
Sounds like a good idea. I keep forgetting that when we try to engage in
civil discourse, I say something that pisses you off and my throat gets
ripped out...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-10 02:38:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Net Papa: Global Internet Taxes Inevitable 
The other shoe just stepped on a banana peel...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Organization: Replay and Company UnLimited
X-001: Replay may or may not approve of the content of this posting
X-002: Report misuse of this automated service to X-URL: Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: nobody (Anonymous)
   (09/09/97; 12:00 p.m. EDT)
   By Douglas Hayward, TechWire
   GENEVA -- Internet taxes are inevitable, according to the man dubbed
   the "Father of the Net." The only way to avoid global chaos is to
   create an international agreement on how to do it, added Vint Cerf at
   a meeting of the Internet Society here. Cerf co-developed the
   TCP/IP[LINK] protocol on which all Web and Net transaction depend.
   ...Taxation of the Internet, also called "bit taxes," must be well
   planned, Cerf said. "And it must also be thought through on a global
   scale -- not parochially," he said. In the United States. alone, there
   are 30,000 taxing authorities that might be interested in taxing
   transactions on the Internet, said Cerf, adding that right now, there
   is no way to determine which of those authorities should have
   jurisdiction over a particular transaction.
   ..."If something is becoming an infrastructure that is important for
   people's daily lives, then governments will have the right to be
   concerned about the public's safety and well-being," Cerf said. "When
   you build roads, you make rules about how people are to behave on
   these roads, in order to protect people." TW
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-10 04:50:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Credit Card might-as-well-equal SSN 
Resent-Date: Tue, 9 Sep 1997 15:18:47 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2196
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Nev Dull Forwarded-by: Jon Loeliger PRIVACY Forum Digest      Monday, 8 September 1997      Volume 06 : Issue 12
            Moderated by Lauren Weinstein (lauren
              Vortex Technology, Woodland Hills, CA, U.S.A.
                       ===== PRIVACY FORUM =====
    ---
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-10 12:56:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The "Vision" Thang, and Tales out of School... 
Yes. And I'd call that a "grand vision", even in Tim's use of the phrase.
He understood that computer software, and not the computer, especially in a
world of microprocessors, was the most important part of the market. It
might even be safe to say that BillG is responsible for at least the last
10 years or so of Intel's existance...
If you "change with the times", but don't know where you're going, you'll
go nowhere at all. Knowing where you're going when you change, (and
actually being right :-)) is called "vision". For instance, Bill figured
out that he couldn't sell operating systems to people, he had to sell them
to computer manufacturers. That's what "vision" gets ya.
And I didn't say that technical "vision" was the only kind there is,
especially when it comes to making money. :-).
My understanding is that for all his apopletic "code reviews", Billzebub
couldn't code his way out of a paper bag.
His last effort was on the second version of Altair BASIC, and they had to
do a ground-up rewrite after he was through with it. After *his* version
shipped, of course. :-).
Nonetheless, people who didn't share his "vision", like IBM, and DEC, and
now Apple, and all the rest of his competition, got their clocks cleaned.
Ah, the wonders of pickleball, and dorm room poker, and a grandmother who
wouldn't let you have dessert unless you won the sack race.
If you can find it, go read "Hard Drive" (no, not *that* one..). An
unauthorized biography by a couple Seattle Post-Intelligencer reporters.
Written before, of course, Win 3.1 actually took over the world, otherwise
they would have been fired. :-). Heck, if they weren't then, they probably
are now, anyway.
Lot of dirty laundry there. Like the hint that Gates was actually thrown
out of Harvard (well, "asked to leave", anyway, and all is certainly
forgiven, now, after a $decamillion donation to the Harvard endowment...)
because he used their computer resources, including their Zylog(?) chip
emulator and PDP-11 BASIC source code to essentially port DEC BASIC to the
Altair for resale. (Now what was that, Bill, about people duping *your*
paper BASIC tape and *you* losing *your* "investment"?) And how his first
software "deal" was sneaking off with someone else's PDP-11(?) operating
system tapes and reselling them for a cool $10k at the tender age of 16.
Hmmm. Sounds familiar, yes, CPM/QDOS fans?
See, boys and girls? All it takes to be the supreme monopolist (okay, not
quite a monopolist, but close enough for government work) and the World's
Last Industrial Tycoon is a taste for larceny. Okay. And a 1600 SAT score...
But it's still very hard to see why they call it "intellectual" property.
We might as well legalize software "piracy" and be done with it. Recursive
auctions, anyone?
Bob Hettinga
"But, he didn't understand. The point was to *win*."
   -- Richard Nixon, on his first congressional opponent,
      who Nixon falsely accused of communism
      (well, he *was* a pinko, anyway...)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-10 21:39:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The "Vision" Thang, and Tales out of School... 
I'd love to see the numbers on that. Though, I wonder where the "90% of the
world's computers" hype comes from...
Yes. But would they be, in such a large proponderance, Intel processors?
Granted, I was a little quick on the draw with the "last 10 years of Intel
existance" crack. Intel would certainly still be here, but, without the x86
demand, caused primarily by DOS, and especially by WIN3.1, maybe they
wouldn't be so much in the catbird seat. Of course, they've had a "vision
thang" of their own at Intel. They own the Valley franchise, certainly.
Yes, yes, yes. And Apple, according to Don Crabb this week, is gonna use
IBM and probably Intel chips, too, some day, though I'm not sure what
machine *you* use has to do with this discussion. The comment about Intel
was certainly not a shot at you, Tim, after all...
Really? I have cited a source to the contrary. Would you like to provide
your own proof of Bill Gates' programming ability instead? I'd love myself
to see the commented code, even from, say, QuickBASIC, with the ';--BG' or
something, next to the revisions... Don't even need whole modules. Frankly,
I've never heard of any, and you can bet that the Redmond publicity machine
would have said something by now after 10 years.
I didn't think I was saying anything that wasn't conventionally accepted
opinion, there. :-).
I think you're just disputing this because *I* said it, Tim. Sort of a bad
reason to argue, isn't it?
After all, I'm a certified Mac Bigot, myself, if you insist on
psychoanalyzing my motivation from a two line sentence. :-). It seems to me
a fortune now measured in tens of billions of dollars, and the most
plutographic magazine in the world calling him the richest man on the
planet kind of speaks  for itself, wouldn't you?
Yeah, I know, Tim. You *knew* Gary Kildall, and Bill Gates is *no* Gary
Kildall. :-). He certainly wasn't.
Actually, don't blame me. My fantasy life isn't *that* healhy. It's in that
'Hard Drive' book, and I expect that the authors, particularly as they
hoped to remain employed in Seattle at the time :-), probably had their
facts straight.
Okay. Granted I had the chip name wrong. That was what the little (?) was
for next to the chip's name for, anyway. Sorry, but at midnight I wasn't
about to wake the fact checking department for the company name. However,
the fact is that the chip emulator was at Harvard, as was the PDP-11 BASIC
source, and the claim was made by several people who were there at the
time, to the authors of "Hard Drive", that Allen and Gates did use both the
emulator and the BASIC source, on the Harvard machines, to port the DEC
BASIC to the chip which the Altair used (whatever it was), which they in
turn took to Albuquerque and MIPS. (Or whatever the company's name was
which made the Altair, which is, like its chip manufacturer's name,
irrelevant to the point I was making.)
Sticks and stones, Tim. Insults don't become such well-known expositor of
rational thought...
And then Tim says:
And refutes it with:
Which, of course proves, my point. Thank you. :-).
My own specious gerrymandering of your words aside, I do think that
software does drive hardware, as Microsoft folks, like Mhyrvold, often
claim, "Software is a gas", and all that. How else do you explain things
like the x86's imbedded floating point circuitry, and now the MMX stuff,
which will certainly end up on the x86 someday if Intel doesn't get RISC
Heck, the demand for RISC is, paradoxically, driven by software itself,
don't you think? Just move some microcode over to software and the chip
runs faster, or whatever the rationale is.
Could it be your desire to rip my heart out and show it to me before I die
is clouding your judgement about something you know a lot about?
Neither do I, even on the canonical inverse, my smart cracks about
"Billzebub" not withstanding. However, if money's the way you keep score,
n-dy billion dollars pretty much speaks for itself, I figure...
Seriously, there is something to be said for BillG's assimilative impulses
and understanding of the markets he's in. I would more certainly attribute
his fortune to his own "vision", than to dumb luck and path determinacy,
which is what I think I hear you saying.
Clearly, the market would look different without Bill Gates in it. I
attibute that to "grand vision".
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-12 04:43:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Taxless society concerns 
You do.
With money.
With some more money.
Any other questions?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-13 05:04:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Cypherpunks mailing list starts in Japan 
X-Sender: hanabusa
        vince ddt eb sameer
        rah sandfort iang
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Today we have a new mailing list "cypherpunks-j". (for Japanese and English)
It is hosted by Joichi Ito.
This is the first step for cypherpunk movement in Japan.
I hope this list changes this country.
   _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/
     Shuichiro Hanabusa (hanabusa
     Producer/Special Programs, NHK Enterprises 21 Inc.
     Location: Tokyo / Japan
     PGP Fingerprint (DSS)
     5696 2D67 8DF1 89C6 6E30  6E9A 7A7E 08A9 A75E 5BD7
   _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/ _/
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-13 07:52:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: House Intelligence Committee Press Release 
At 10:03 pm -0400 on 9/11/97, Dave Del Torto forwarded:
           ^^^^^^^^^^
Excuse me while I laugh so hard the milk comes out my nose.
Oooops... Self re-flatulance. Excuse me...
So, let's have fun, if it's really possible, with a name, shall we?
Normless Dick?
Normie Dickless?
I also find it hard that a "ranking democrat" has a normal dick, anyway,
impute that how you will...
Wiping the front of my shirt, now,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-13 07:57:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: More on House Intelligence committee amendment on crypto 
I can see it now, 5 years hence:
"Bill Gates was indicted for treason today by special order of President
Gore. His vast ill-gotten fortune has been impounded under the RICO laws."
Call me paranoid. Call me anything you want. Just don't call me late for
supper. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-14 07:19:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Real issue of crypto controls: security or taxation loss? 
Hmmmm... "My country 'tis of thee, land of gerontocracy"...
Amen. I, for one, say that the only hope is technological. If you make
commerce and finance cheaper without book entries, then book entry taxation
and regulation go away.
Hope we don't get fooled again, and all that, but at least you don't have
Archie* looking up your dress anymore...
Bob Hettinga
*WWI pilot expression for anti-aircraft fire. Named for a music hall
character with very shiny shoes. Hmmm^2. A cypherpunk neologism, anyone?
I'll use it if you will...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-14 10:10:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$ 
Actually, we just moved e$ a week or so from e$ to
e$ that's all.
We're still fixing the reply-to field in e$pam to reflect this.
e$pam is a one way list which only I can post to (it don't say e$pam until
I say it says e$pam, Bwahahahahah!), but e$ which is the
watering hole and reply-to list for e$pam, is an open list, which doesn't
restrict mail from anyone.
Otherwise we couldn't get anonymous messages, right?
Bob Hettinga
(Who's just digging out from another ISP move, which is why this is taking
so long to answer)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-14 10:09:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Letter to Senator Bryan, was Re: Key Recovery is Bad for US Security 
At 2:40 pm -0400 on 9/13/97, Steve forwarded from Senator Bryan:
Wow. Horseman city...
I wonder who gives them the idea for this stuff?  Wired should be banned
from the confines of DC. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-15 02:08:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Court proceedings under new SAFE act] 
Cool. At this rate, e$pam has violated the law several thousand times,
given the number of Adam's posts I've forwarded to it over the years, and
the number of foriegn e$pam subscribers.
Heck. Jail would be a great place to write an uninterrupted book-length
screed. I'm too ugly to be anyone's 'wife', anyway...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-15 02:07:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: A Reality Check & the Full Citizenship Campaign 
Either that, or we apply Moscaritolo's Conjecture:
"If we could just pass a few more laws, we'd all be criminals."
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-15 21:19:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: GAK will probably be economically impossible 
Which is why I now believe that GAK, of any form, is doomed. It's
economically impossible.
For instance, it will be much cheaper to double encrypt to a corporate key
ala PGP than to escrow, and so the government may require access to those
keys instead. However, even then the cost of key management -- especially
for communications -- will choke any attempt to manage duplicate-encryption
keys as well. Probably for all but a few kinds of files, like those kept by
the people at the tops large hierarchical organizations. The government,
say? :-).
Those few files the government will be able to decrypt will provide a basis
for claims of their plan's efficacy, of course, just like noise-level
"examples" of welfare helping someone as "proof" of economic efficacy for
the welfare state allowed its perpetuation for so many years. But you
cannot ignore reality forever, as Britain discovered with welfare almost 15
years ago, and we're only now figuring out for ourselves in the US. Even
totalitarianism cannot ignore economic reality, as Russia and China have
shown us.
Not that capitalism equals freedom, of course, but there can be a sizeable
correlation, particularly when your average business is a small one. :-).
However, I think that in the case of GAK, this act of totalitarianism is
economically impossible. If GAK's implemented, people may get hurt before
it finally goes away, but it eventually won't be useful for much from a
national security prospective, and its maintenance costs will eventually
choke it.
Actually, it's probably not possible to make even the prototypes physically
practicable, much less economically so, even if Washington does pass a law
mandating their existence. It would be like passing the 1963 law which
formed Comsat, in, say, 1933. Particularly if the use of strong
cryptography continues it's exponential increase.
That's because the primary economic benefit for deploying the strongest
possible cryptography still remains. You can't do business over the
internet without it.
(It has been this central fact which keeps me interested in cryptography
and the cypherpunks list in particular, and my conversion over time to a
cryptoanarchic world-view has been based on this fact. Oddly enough, I find
most of the philosophic and political arguments on cypherpunks to have a
largely economic component to them at root, which makes sense, because
market reality is just as tangible as physics.  Physical reality dictates
politics and philosophy, and not the other way around.)
Anyway, you can, however, do business over the net without GAK, and since,
I claim, the eventual lowest-cost transaction on the internet will be some
form of anonymous digital bearer certificate, it will never be the case
that GAK is economically necessary, even under the ruse of enforcing
In fact, even if all transactions remain book-entry ones, the exploding
total transaction volume and competition to make those transactions
efficient will make GAK economically impossible, because it provides no
tangible benefit to those who use cryptography for business. There's no
economic return on the additional cost.
The cost of anything is the foregone alternative, and the cost of GAK
causes you to forego a lot of money and potential revenue and doesn't buy
you anything in return.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-18 23:56:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Preparing the Remnant for the far side of the crisis 
A little fairy tale.
Has a happy ending, and everything...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Organization: Spring Management Company
This is a rather long post.  I wanted for you to see it personally.   It is
important and I wanted to clear it thru you.  If I don't see it posted I
will know
you did not chose to post it.
Best personal regards,
Bill GL Stafford
Began fowarded mail:

@_date: 1997-09-19 02:59:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: source of title 
No need to answer the question. Just thought the DeToqueville quote was
appropriate to our circumstances the last week or so...
By, the way, if there ever was an Official Cypherpunks Reading List(tm),
the "Road to Serfdom", by Hayek would certainly be on it. There's a 50th
anniversary edition out, with a forward by Milton Friedman...
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research         Regarding the source of Hayeks title, The Road to Serfdom:
        Was it taken from Tocqueville?  I assume it is, but Ive seen no
acknowledgment.  Hayeks references to T. all point to him as a soulmate
and precursor.
        The passage in Democracy in America reads:
I am convinced, however, that anarchy is not the principal evil that
democracies ages have to fear, but the least.  For the principle of
equality begets two tendencies: the one leads men straight to independence
and may suddenly drive them into anarchy; the other conducts them by a
longer, more secret, but more certain road to servitude.  Nations readily
discern the former tendency and are prepared to resist it; they are led
away by the latter, without perceiving its drift; hence it is peculiarly
important to point it out.
Vol 2, p.288 in Vintage edition of the Reeve translation
        Did Hayek ever refer to this as the source of his title?  Can
anyone help
me out here?
Kent Guida
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-19 09:50:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: politics aren't all or ^h^h^h^h^h^h^h^h^h^h^h nothing 
And, of course, it would be a shameful waste of a perfectly good swamp, er,
It *is* already.
Never mind...
Bob Hettinga
(Who wonders if Newt was really serious when he said that *all* the laws,
including the EPA "wetland" confiscation policy, are now applicable to
Congress... :-))
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-20 02:36:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Costs of Mandatory Key Recovery 
X-Sender: fred
Precedence: bulk
If you could email any hard numbers as to expected costs to Don Heath
, it would be helpful.
"Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do
something about it now." Alan Lakein
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-21 05:26:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: US Crypto Laws cripple Euros 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: rah-web (rah
X-e$pam-source: Various
X-Sender: rah
Sender: owner-espam
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by pop.sneaker.net id

@_date: 1997-09-21 05:24:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Guardian: Screw the Internet 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: rah-web (rah
X-e$pam-source: Various
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$

@_date: 1997-09-24 04:19:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IntraLoan 
X-Sender: ahernlj
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: lance ahern A new service lets parties communicate online via
encrypted, digitally notarized documents posted on a
secure site.
nothing special, just a working service...
<> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <> <>
Lance J. Ahern    Internet Alaska, Inc.
ahernlj        907-562-4638
unlimited - ppp - 33.6K - $19.50/month
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-24 21:08:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NewSpeak: TIS RecoverKey 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: rah-web (rah
X-e$pam-source: Various
X-Sender: rah
Sender: owner-espam
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by pop.sneaker.net id

@_date: 1997-09-25 02:09:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NewSpeak: TIS RecoverKey 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: rah-web (rah
X-e$pam-source: Various
X-Sender: rah
Sender: owner-espam
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by pop.sneaker.net id

@_date: 1997-09-25 12:12:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Ethics in the Free Market 
Three laws of business: Reputation, Reputation, and Reputation...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: CIPE-Announce
Precedence: Bulk
Summary of Mr. Kanaga's Speech in Bucharest - May 1997
"Ethical Conduct is The Basic Need of a Free Market Economy"
For all of those countries emerging from a period of totalitarian control
of business, a valuable part of the lesson on the move to free market
economies is the discovery that "free markets" do not mean that "freedom
for anything goes."
Governments can promote market reform, privatize government-controlled
business, and institute positive private investment regulations,  but
those steps alone are insufficient to achieve sustained growth and spur
inflow of foreign private investment.
The keys in my opinion are to establish high ethical standards of conduct
for business and to create an atmosphere of trust and confidence among all
members of the business community.
Those two factors have been the foundation for success in those areas of
the world that I have observed in over forty years of experience in the
private sector of the business community.
History proves this point.  The countries with the highest ethical
standards have attracted the most investment, while those with the lowest
standards and with widespread corruption have received the least.
In the latter environment, all members of society are losers.  Business
loses as the public perceives profits as ill-gotten gain, while lack of
trust between business executives creates suspicion in the simplest
transaction.  Government and the democratic process also lose as the
public's faith in institutions and the rule of law is further eroded every
time the disclosure of bribe or other scandal erupts.  Most importantly,
ordinary people lose as the promise of democracy and the wealth that
initiative could create fail to materialize.
Strong ethics are essential to businesses.  The entire free-market system
is built on trust.  Every time a contract is signed or a consumer
purchases a product, an extension of good faith is made.  If a
businessman breaks his word or knowingly sells a faulty product or
service, that extension of trust is broken.  In looking back on my years
in business, my days were filled with verbal assurances, rarely written
contracts, that individuals would do what he and she they would do.  And
there was trust that it would be so.  Human beings do fail in this
process but the cost effectiveness of doing business this way is clear.
The US stock market provides a good example of the critical role that
trust plays.  It is by far the largest stock market in the world.  Why?
It achieved this stature because investors put their money at the
disposal of distant managers with the confidence that they can be
trusted and that they will wisely invest the funds entrusted to them.
To be sure, there have been situations where that confidence was
misplace; such failures resulted in a strong push to develop corporate
codes of conduct.  But those failures have been minor blips in the total
picture or people would not continue to invest in that stock market.
Corporate codes of conduct, however, will only be worth the paper on
which they are written if the leadership ignores them.  If the leaders of
the business community don't live up to the twin principles of honesty
and integrity, those that work with those individuals will not.
This is an essential ingredient within a single company.  In order to make
its code of conduct an effective tool, the company's leadership has to
live up to it.  If by his or her own demeanor the chief executive
communicates that the code is unimportant, everyone in the organization
will think the same.  By contrast, the whole atmosphere in an organization
changes overnight when management makes it clear that it expects strict
adherence to its code of conduct.
Another important point to keep in mind is that codes of conduct that work
in one country will not necessarily work in another.  Reforming
governments must set their own standards in accordance with their
country's business practices, rules and regulations.
However, in my view, there is a golden opportunity in the countries of
Eastern and Central Europe to achieve strong progress if they stand tall,
and deal honorably with one another and trust one another.  It is
encouraging that reforming governments, such as we heard earlier in this
meeting from Romania's leadership, are recognizing this critical factor.
Earlier this year, its president and prime minister affirmed on the public
record that eliminating government corruption and setting high standards
of conduct are key priorities.
If there isn't a fundamental trust between people, they will try to
substitute excessive documentation for that lack of trust.  It has been
my experience here in Eastern Europe and in Russia and the Ukraine that
in the 1980s and before people assembled massive files on the simplest
matters to protect themselves.  The result was not only a delay in
execution of transactions but a terrible waste of time and money.
The government cannot legislate integrity and honesty.  The leadership in
the business community, entrepreneurs and corporate managers alike, must
demonstrate those qualities every day to make them the business norm.
Each individual business executive-and the organization to which he or she
belongs - must lead by example.  And government must clearly indicate that
it will not tolerate corruption within its own ranks or within the
business community.

@_date: 1997-09-25 22:29:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: National ID as Identity Authentication answer for EC? 
Evidently these idiots haven't heard of digital bearer certificates...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rhornbec
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion An interesting article by Thomas P. Vartanian appeared in the September 24
issue of the American Banker discussing the increasing need for identity
authentication in electronic commerce and the use of National ID
Verification Standards (NIVS) as a possible solution.
Although the article avoids proposing specific ultimate sources of identity
it does mention that "the adoption of these standards might facilitate the
development of a national market for certificate authority
errors-and-omissions insurance. It might also facilitate the creation and
operation of what one observer has called 'cybernotaries.'
Without uniformity in the authentication process, the efficiencies of
certificates and the effectiveness of electronic commerce will be undercut."
Following is a brief excerpt. Complete article available at:
                             24 September 1997
                        Source: The American Banker

@_date: 1997-09-25 22:36:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: American Banker - National ID - addendum 
X-Sender: rhornbec
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion Either the Temple listserve is automatically limiting the length of my
posts ()
or I discovered a new e-mail bug. Here is the balance of the
excerpt from the American Banker article I intended to post earlier.
What actions should a certificate authority be required to take in this
imperfect system to certify that X's public key actually is being used by
X? To allow the electronic marketplace to operate effectively and
efficiently, at a minimum certificate authorities must be able to achieve
some level of certainty that if they have prudently conducted the due
diligence required, they cannot be held responsible for fraud or
malfunctions. National Identification Verification Standards-NIVS-would
underscore that there should be only a limited range of actions for which a
certificate authority should be held responsible in an electronic
These standards eventually would need to be truly universal because of the
globality and borderlessness of cyberspace. Moreover, such standards could
level the playing field vis-a-vis the different levels of trust that might
otherwise be accorded certificate authorities of various sizes, financial
capacity, name recognition, and national origin.
What should the elements of these national verification standards be? The
more that the system relies on primary "root" documentation (paper or
electronic) certified by the originator, the greater the certainty, albeit
imperfect, that the certificate authority can achieve.
The adoption of an integrated certification data base accessible to all
certificate authorities must also be explored. A network that will allow
each certificate authority to cross-reference digital certificates and
confirm the issuance of multiple certificates to the subscriber will allow
the digital signature market to function more efficiently and safely.
Warranties ascribe and allocate rights in a transaction, a business that
commercial banks happen to understand quite well. But a digital certificate
is not meant and should not be viewed as unlimited insurance for the use of
the certificate or the successful completion of an electronic transaction
facilitated by that certificate.
In that regard, the adoption of these standards might facilitate the
development of a national market for certificate authority errors-and-
omissions insurance. It might also facilitate the creation and operation of
what one observer has called "cybernotaries."
Without uniformity in the authentication process, the efficiencies of
certificates and the effectiveness of electronic commerce will be undercut.
Richard N. Hornbeck
Electronic Commerce Services
"The most important step in arriving at the right answer, is asking the
right question." Albert Einstein ("Al").
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-26 03:09:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Why the White amendment is a good idea (fwd) 
What an oxy-maroon. What a self-referent -- not to mention
self-congratulary -- canard.
C'mon, folks.
Any entity which has the unmitigated presumption to have "center" and "net"
in its name demonstrates nothing less than total ignorance of
microcomputers and Moore's law, much less the internet it hopes to be the
"center" of -- no matter how small a piece of the net it hopes to be the
"center" of...
Sheesh. GAK, indeed...
Reality is not optional. Trying to find the "center" of any piece of the
net is equivalent to the cosmological "problem" of finding the "center" of
the universe.
It represents the utter fallacy of hierarchy in a geodesic age.
Bob Hettinga
Hettinga's Corolary to Gilmore's Law: The net will see "centers" as damage,
and route around them.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-26 05:12:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Plea from a parent who wants to keep their kid free of SSNs 
Move to Saipan (US Territory, Northern Mariana Islands)?
I don't know why I think so, but I think that residents don't have to file
tax returns.
Nope. Now that I think about it, as a US citizen, you're liable for income
taxes no matter where you are in the world. As we've said here before on
cypherpunks, the only other country in the world where this is the case is
the post-Marcos Phillipenes.
Or maybe Puerto Rico, I seem to remember they had special tax status.
(Nawww. They're more statist than we are, even if they're nominally
Of course, all this points up what Tim has said here all along, Duncan's
esteemed financial creativity aside. If you're an American, you can run,
but you can't hide.
Pray the Y2K problem (or maybe digital transaction settlement) kills the
IRS, I suppose...
All of which makes me think that the US is Athens of the modern world.
Delian League and all.
Though I shudder to think who the Spartans are going to be. Unless they're
us, I guess. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-26 06:33:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Why the White amendment is a good idea (fwd) 
Wrong example. And not for long. Wanna bet a buck that that it isn't in,
say, 3 years?
Postel isn't exactly a good example of this, either. He's made himself in
charge of controlling the uncontrollable, after all. This kind of "great
man theory of the internet" is quaintly romantic, yes? It's certainly just
as industrial as romanticism was...
Bogosity alert. IPV6. Even the latest tweaks to IPV4, fer chrissakes...
False "scarcity". And so your next straw man is? Ah. Here it is.
Which, technically, doesn't have to be "owned" by anyone to stay
maintained. All you need is an agreement by the TLD holders, which you'll
get, or they go out of business. Look, Ma, no central control. Feh. *How*
many permutations and combinations of 3 alphanumeric characters are there?
Um, do we *need* three-letter TLDs? I thought not...
Actually, I predict that the whole NSI sham will be a bad dream within,
say, two Moore's cycles, or 14 internet years, or 3 meatyears, which is, of
course, how I predicated my bet...
Technical standards and market reality are not mutually exclusive. :-).
There are lots of technically hierarchical things which are controlled by a
geodesic market. The NYSE, or, better, NASDAQ, or, even better, the entire
currency market, are great examples. Notice that each one of those is more
geodesic -- and much bigger -- than the next one.
What? The Internet? Oh. That's right. I forget the IETF... ;-).
So far, the stuff you've thrown out here to "refute" what I said are the
exceptions which prove the rule.
Face it. It's cheaper to be "out of control" than "in control". That's what
computers are for. Right?
I mean, the more computers you have, the more standards matter, and the
more standards you use, the less "control" you need. The less "control" you
need, the less centralization matters, which, if you'll recall briefly, was
my point.
Excuse me while I recover my composure. And clean up a bit. I laughed so
hard at that one, I blew rootbeer out my nose, all over my poor antiquated
PB180... Okay. It's clean now. And, so...
Look. By your above logic, Microsoft Network would have been a huge hit.
They would have bought AOL *and* Compuserve. Heck. We'd still be using
mainframes, or something. Centralized control went out with economies of
Oh? Like there's a secret cabal out there "managing" the massive
decentralization of everything from  steel to financial services to fast
food to government itself? Right.
Hate to break your bubble, Bunky, but all of this is the result of natural
forces. The market. (Yes, Virginia, the market.) If there wasn't a market
for, say, telephony in the 1920's, there wouldn't have been a market for
automated switching, which got us semiconductors, which got us your
precious IANA when the market for semiconductors created the internet.
And, boys and girls, the *only* reason we still have central control of the
internet is that internet was originally a socialist, hierarchically
organized entity created by another hierarchical entity called a nation
Just like the the nation state itself, IANA, and all other central
"control" is surfacting away. Well, more like choking in it's own
excrement, but soap is a prettier metaphor than the latter...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-26 11:08:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Forward: Private Information Retrieval Talk friday 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Kent Borg This isn't strictly commerce, but it is anonymity related, and that can be
important for electronic commerce.  It is also likely to be nice and
techie, for those who need an occasional does of substance.
Finally, I forward this to the Digital Commerce Society of Boston list
because it is damn close to Boston.
-kb, the Kent who is enjoying a good news in digital land day.
<< start of forwarded material >>
 ** From: rivest (Ron Rivest)
 ** Date: Thu, 25 Sep 97 10:31:48 EDT
 ** To: cis-reading-group cis-seminars
 ** Subject: Talk friday
 **
 **
 ** There will be a CIS seminar this Friday.  All are welcome!
 **
 ** Title:	Protecting Data Privacy in Private Information Retrieval
 Schemes.
 ** Speaker: Tal Malkin
 ** When:	1:30--3:30 (talk starts at 2PM) Friday, September 26, 1997
 ** Where:	NE43-518
 **
 ** Abstract:
 **
 ** Private Information Retrieval (PIR) schemes allow a user to retrieve
 ** the i-th bit of a data string x, replicated in k>=2 databases (in the
 ** information-theoretic setting) or k>=1 databases (in the computational
 ** setting), while keeping the value of i private. The main cost measure
 ** for such a scheme is its communication complexity.
 **
 ** We study PIR schemes where in addition to the user's privacy we
 ** require {\em data privacy}. That is, in every invocation of the
 ** retrieval protocol the user learns exactly a single (physical) bit of
 ** x and no other information about the data. All currently known PIR
 ** schemes fail to meet this requirement, which is essential for
 ** ``real-world'' applications. Solutions to this problem also yield
 ** efficient distributed implementations of the cryptographic 1 out of n
 ** oblivious transfer primitive.
 **
 ** We present transformations that allow translating PIR schemes into
 ** ones that respect data privacy as well, with a small penalty in the
 ** communication and randomness complexity. In particular we get:
 ** a k-database scheme of complexity $O(\log n\cdot n^{1/(2k-1)})$ for
 ** every k>=2; an $O(\log n)$-database scheme of poly-logarithmic
 ** complexity; and a 2-database computational PIR scheme of complexity
 ** $O(n^c)$, for every constant $c>0$.  All these schemes require only a
 ** single round of interaction. A {\em single} database computational
 ** scheme can also be achieved, based on the hardness of deciding
 ** quadratic residuosity and using a multi-round protocol.
 **
 ** Joint work with Yael Gertner, Yuval Ishai, and Eyal Kushilevitz.
 **
<< end of forwarded material >>
Kent Borg                               H: +1-617-776-6899
kentborg                       W:
   "Then with daybreak not quite risen into dawn,
    the night and day still deadlocked, round the pyre
    a work brigade of picked Achaeans grouped."
                  - Homer's Illiad (7-500, Fagles tr.)
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-26 12:45:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Special Firing Line Debate on the regulation of financial  encryption and internet commerce? 
X-Sender: rah
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga --- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rah
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
I talked to someone at WGBH, and they said that Firing Line is produced
there at SCETV. Since I couldn't find an address for Warren Stibel(sp?)
Productions on the net anywhere, I figure if I send this to you, as
, that you might be able to forward
the following to the appropropriate folks who could help.
Thanks for your best efforts on our behalf,
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston

@_date: 1997-09-26 12:44:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FIRING LINE DEBATE 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Now, *this* is fun...
--- begin forwarded text
Thank you for your e-mail in regards to having a FIRING LINE DEBATE in
Boston.  I read your proposal abd I to feel it would make an interesting
debate.  I'm meeting with the producer and Mr. Buckley next week and will
show the your proposal.
Whenever you get a chance please write back where you can be reached.  If you
need to reach me please don't hesitate to call .
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-27 05:01:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FIRING LINE DEBATE 
All the respect I deserve. :-).
Rodney Thayer, who's the IPSEC editor, among other things, is going to be
the event manager, and he's cc'd in the letter I sent out to begin with.
Some Producer got our names confused...
Besides, you'd better respect Rodney. The last time I saw him in a
flamewar, the other guy walked out holding his guts in his hands...
Oh. I talked to Some Producer this morning. He's pitching Buckley, et al.,
on the idea this weekend. I'll know by the beginning of next week.
December's open, and so are a bunch of months after April.
I haven't had this much fun since the hogs ate my little brother...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-27 08:57:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Now we know why they ban crypto... 
X-Lotus-FromDomain: BIONOMICS @ OUTBOUND
Vitamin B:
Your Daily Dose of Bionomics
September 26, 1997
Le Brain Drain
In the age just past, a nation's natural resources were
the key to its success; today it is its intellectual capital.
And with the world linked like never before, nations
must nurture intellectual capital lest it walk away.
But don't believe us.  Ask our friend Olivier.
When Olivier Cardic figured out that if his electronics
company were based in England his 1995 net profit
would have been $300,000, compared to just $80,000
in France, he decided to do what 1,000 French
entrepreneurs have done already.  Move.  In the era
of globalization, voting with your feet becomes a pretty
easy stroll, especially when the country you're in is
France.  Consider this:  British employers pay 10.2%
of salaries in payroll taxes, compared with an insane
46% in France.  According to Jean-Pierre Letouzet,
president of RGA Systemes, a systems engineering
company, "We live in a Marxist system.  France has
never been capitalist.  We're not prepared for
globalization, and we're sinking."
Last year, Cardic asked French authorities on national
radio to, "Explain to me why it is better to be
unemployed in France than a worker in England?"
The French authorities didn't have an answer for him.
Neither do we.
Source:  _Business Week_, October 6, 1997
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-27 09:56:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: In response to Declan's questions about crypto.com 
And *I* "believe" that anyone who would spout such dreck, evidently out of
both sides of his mouth, is an ironclad fuckwit, no matter his talent for
such copralalic oral gymnastics.
I also "believe" that the combination of words like "Center",  and
"Democracy", and "Technology" in any *sentence*, much less in an
organization's name, is a three-dimensional oxymoron, especially in this
day and age, and particularly on issues like cryptography and digital
You folks at CDT have proven, time and time again, to be comically, if not
criminally, negligent in the defense of freedom, and, worse, :-),
economics, which, fortunately, can take care of itself without any "help"
from "Centers" for "Democracy" and Technology like yours, thank you very
Paradoxically, fools like you *are* helpful, but not in the grandiose way
you imagine. You are the crypto equivalents of Lenin's "useful idiots".
That is, you'll keep the dance band on the Titanic playing "Nearer My God
to Thee" in the bar while the rest of us with any sense are making for the
lifeboats. There's more room that way, so it's nice of you to oblige, and
Better yet, you guys are like courtiers in Madrid, knifing each other in
back alleys and sleeping with each other's wives while the rest of us are
out making something useful out of the new world's wilderness.
It seems to me the less you know about what we can do with cryptography,
particularly financial cryptography, the better off all of us probably are.
You keep winning your increasingly less relevant turf wars, and we'll keep
making the world safer from people like you. Sounds perfectly fair to me.
The way I understand it, it took Madrid a good 300 years before it realized
it never had control over the western hemisphere to begin with. Same with
London, now that I think about it, but it only took us in North America 200
years or so to get rid of statist empire-builders like you. Must be the
colder climate, or something.
So, I guess the rest of us, those who want to make money with cryptography,
had better get on with it, and get used to your antics as part of the
background noise. If we convert 200 years into internet dog-years, we have
another 30 years of your incessant nattering to live with. Fortunately,
it'll be annoying, but not fatal.
The old Californios had an expression. It went something like: "God is in
Heaven. The King is in Spain. The Governor is in Mexico City. And I,
mercifully, am right here, as far away as possible from all three."
Via Con Dios, Bunky. Stay out of those back alleys, and always keep your
sword nearby when fucking your neighbor's (or your supposed
"constituent's") wife.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-10-01 03:57:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Pre-Encryption Surveillance 
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Please note that there are now two cases in the Federal Appellate Courts
(Docket  2780, 2293) in the Eleventh Circuit, and one case that will soon
be appealed from the Fed Dist in Tallahassee, Florida (Hines v. American Inn)
that have to do with illegal electronic surveillance of computers, as well as
invasion of privacy.  The Federal Election Commission has been notified as
well as other law enforcement agencies.  The attached file gives more detail
on the Tallahassee Case.  There is another case that will be filed soon in a
different circuit that also includes allegations of obstruction ofjustice and
witness tampering.  The concern with encryption has led some folks with a
criminal bent to avoid the issue altogether.  Others, such as supporters of
the Christian Coalition, feel they can presume police powers that are
restricted just to the state.  It is a major mess.  If you are interested in
becoming an interested party and would like to be included in the certificate
of corporate disclosure and interested parties, please read the attached file
and contact me.
Dwight Hines
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-05 15:06:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Boston D-H expiration Party at Doyles on Saturday. 
In utter anthesis of the way we normally do things at DCSB,
               The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                      An Utterly Unplanned
                          Last-Minute
                       Spur of the Moment
                      Boston Pub-Crawling
                   Celebration of the Expiration
                             of the
                 Diffie-Hellman Public Key Patent
                    Saturday, September 6, 1997
                     3pm - Whenever we give up
                   at The William Braddock Cafe,
                        A.K.A  Doyles's
                      3484 Washington Street,
                      Boston (Jamaica Plain)
This all started out several months ago in my head as a spiffy whoop-de-do
black-tie webcasted countdown with sponsors and free champaigne and a
groaning buffet and penguin waiters and a cash bar at the Harvard Club with
a donation to a worthy cause, but, well, we couldn't get a time on the
patent, so the countdown was out, and we couldn't get sponsors (remembering
the last cocktail party, maybe there's a reason?), so the free bubbly and
munchies was out, PETA got us on the way we wanted to make the penguins
groan, and we couldn't think of a worthy enough cause, so that was out,
and, finally, the Club is closed on Saturday, anyway. Feh. So, we're
losers, okay? What can we say? Shoot us, already...
Meanwhile, we're sitting here watching the Bay Area, and Austin, do
something, and then Declan and the Washingtoonians do something, but the
*final* straw came when Peter Wayner calls up and says:
"WELL???? Are you guys in Boston going to DO something? I'm gonna file a
story in the Times tomorrow that SAYS you are..."
And so, bowing to the pressure of the media culture in memory of recent
events on the continent , (and my own cravings for porkchops and
Pickwick Ale, ) I, Robert Hettinga, by the power vested in me by
the August (or maybe it was July) membership of the Society as Their
Moderator, do hereby unilaterally declare an Official Social Function of
the Digital Commerce Society of Boston to occur at Doyle's, 3484 Washington
Street, Jamaica Plain, Boston, tomorrow, Septmber 6, 1997, at 3PM Eastern
Standard Time, my God have mercy on our souls.
Bring your own money. :-). Be prepared to buy the moderator a drink.
If Doyle's gets boring, we'll crawl elsewhere, but only after an hour has
elapsed. If Doyle's isn't boring, we'll drink ourselves under the table, or
at least face-down on it, or until we're shown the door, or maybe until our
wives come and take us home, or something.
And, so, to paraphrase that great statesman, one David 'Davey' Crockett:
"Y'all can go to Hell. [or, Washington, or the Valley, or Texas, as the
case may be...] *I'm* going to Doyle's."
See you there.
Bob Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-16 15:07:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Access to Plaintext:  An Obvious Consequence 
If no encryption product can be sold that can't decrypt everything it
encrypts, then
no public key systems can come to market.  That would effectively eliminate
the entire range of encryption products of interest to you.
Surely, this is clear?
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-09-18 12:46:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC98 Call for Participants 
C A L L   F O R   P A R T I C I P A N T S
Financial Cryptography 1998 (FC98):
The world's only financial cryptography conference, exhibition, and
FC98 Conference
February 23-26, 1998
FC98 Exhibition
February 23-27, 1998
FC98 Financial Cryptography Workshop
March 2-6, 1998
The Inter-Island Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
Conference Reservations: FC98 is currently sponsored by:

@_date: 1997-09-22 06:18:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Revised Agenda for Digital Money Conference 
x-sender: daveb
Here is the revised agenda for the forthcoming London conference on
Digital Money. Can you repost to all the usual interesting places.
Many thanks,
Dave Birch.
Digital Money: New Era or Business as Usual?
London, England, 7th-8th October 1997
Hyperion are co-sponsors of a two day seminar bringing together leaders
in the field. The seminar is organised by Unicom
 in association with Lotus, NCR, Computer
Associates, Attachmate, IMIS, Automatic ID News, British Computer Society
and the Institute of Management Consultants.
The seminar costs UKP 845 plus VAT where applicable and places should be
booked through Lisa Murray at Unicom  directly.
Opening Address: Digital Money Directions
David G.W. Birch, Director, Hyperion.
Dave will sketch out 8 key questions about the future direction of
digital money schemes and relate them to the current state of digital
money deployment in Europe.
Keynote Address: Monetary Innovation in Historical Perspective
Glyn Davies, Professor Emeritus and economic advisor to Julian Hodge Bank
Ltd. A copy of Glyn's excellent book "A History of Money from Ancient
Times to the Present Day" will be presented free to all delegates with
the compliments of Hyperion.
Digital Money and Laissez-Faire Banking
David Cronin, formerly with Bank of Ireland.
Digital Money Liability
Nick Lockett, Field Fisher Waterhouse.
Why is the Electronic Economy Different?
John Browning (edited Wired UK).
Programmable Currenies
Howard Smith, CSC
Trading in the Internet Financial System
Ian Grigg, Systemics
The Electronic Purse in Context
Peter Hirsch, Retail Banking Research
Mondex, A Status Report
Steve Maier, Mondex International
E-Cash, GSM and the Net
Julian Wilson, AT&T Unisource
Electronic Purse: the lessons so far
Steve Johnson, Verifone
Getting from Real Money to Electronic Money
Robert Zipplies, DigiCash
Speaker from IBM
The Cybercash Solution Set
Steve Crispinelli, Cybercash
The Millicent Scheme
Henry Gouraud, Digital UK.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-10-02 02:37:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: An e$Lab competitor? 
Now I know how the Wright Brothers felt when they found out about Langley
and Bell...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0.1 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Subscribe: List-Unsubscribe:      From MecklerMedia's http:/
     E-Transaction Lab for Financial Firms Opens in NYC
     [October 1] New York City-based Transaction Information Systems (TIS),
     an integration and information technology consulting company, opened
     FLITE , an open software factory dedicated to
     building electronic commerce solutions for the financial industry.
     In addition to TIS, the founder of FLITE, there are approximately 20
     member firms, including Digital Equipment Corp., ad agency Foote, Cone
     and Belding, IBM, Lotus Development Corp., Reuters, Sybase, and Visa.
     FLITE is physically located in the former home of the historic New
     York Lawyers' Club at 115 Broadway in downtown Manhattan. FLITE allows
     sales, marketing, and information technology executives to interact
     with a variety of online trading systems, 401(k) management products,
     three-dimensional visualizations of financial data, and other
     electronic commerce and interactive customer service solutions.
     "This one-of-a-kind software factory enables financial institutions to
     increase sales and market reach via the rapid deployment of their
     financial products through multiple distribution vehicles, including
     the Internet, kiosks, display cellular phones and TV sets," said Bob
     Gold, President of TIS.
     "In one place, they can experience and visualize more electronic
     commerce and customer service applications for the financial industry
     than anywhere else. FLITE's design process and electronic commerce
     tools allow us to roll out transactional Web sites in half the time
     and at half the cost of the industry average."
     FLITE is a working lab that financial institutions can use to produce
     innovative products. Marketing/sales executives use the facility to
     learn to think interactively and develop Internet strategies, build
     product prototypes rapidly and conduct focus groups.
     Technology staffs can use the facility for jointly developing
     interactive products with FLITE engineers, use FLITE's specialty rooms
     (user interface optimization, 3-D visualization and quality assurance
     testing), and get hands-on training and knowledge transfer.
     As a factory, FLITE has specialized machinery and tools for building
     transactional Web sites and delivering products through interactive
     distribution channels, TIS said. FLITE has a variety of hardware
     servers, workstations, laptops, kiosks, televisions, display phones,
     touchscreen monitors, and financial trading equipment.
     "FLITE combines the promise of new technology with the city's
     financial heritage," said Gold. "Unlike other companies who have put
     research and development facilities in the suburbs, TIS believes that
     its downtown location in the heart of Wall Street attracts the top
     talent in the industry and makes it accessible to financial industry
     executives."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-10-03 01:33:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: new release of Crowds 
X-Authentication-Warning: akalice.research.att.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-crowds-talk using -f
Precedence: bulk
Crowds 1.0.3 is now available.  If you already agreed to our license
on our web page, there's no need to do it again; just send email to
from the previous email address that you gave us, and we'll send 1.0.3
to you.
The main change in 1.0.3 is a configuration file that eliminates the
need for command-line arguments to anon.pl, and that also enables us
to ship distributions ready to join our crowd (i.e., the registration
step is eliminated).  Hopefully this will make Crowds easier to use.
- Mike
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1997-10-03 07:31:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hansa.net's LOCI encourages development of e-commerce financial products and services 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: hansa ("Bell, Lynwood")
X-e$pam-source: Various
X-Sender: rah
Sender: owner-espam
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$

@_date: 1997-10-04 04:45:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: legal question of DSA-based signatures? 
X-Sender: kaye
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion The document to which this refers is posted at:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-06 23:14:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Trademarking CypherSpace??? 
cypherspace.com has been held by an artist in Santa Fe for a long time...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-06 23:07:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: New Zealand  encryption rolled by Microsoft 
Priority: Normal
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Blair Anderson" New Zealand  encryption rolled by Microsoft..
Despite adopting a succesfull crypto protocol ex Switzerland, Microsoft
has been succesful in "converting" the local banks to its "built in"
details at..  Blair Anderson  (Blair
International Consultant in Electronic Commerce,
Encryption and Electronic Rights Management
   "Techno Junk and Grey Matter"  (HTTP://WWW.ISDN.NOW.CO.NZ)
   50 Wainoni Road, Christchurch, New Zealand
          phone 64 3 3894065
          fax     64 3 3894065
Member 	Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-07 04:30:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: One More Donna Rice Ad Hominem (Was Re: "Fear and loathing ofcyberspace not uncommon") 
I just blew Diet Coke out of my nose again, remembering the first thing
which got me thinking about the speed of information propagation across
financial networks ;-).
To wit, a Donna Rice joke related to me by someone who had heard it on the
"hoot-n-holler" line from the trading room in New York the very morning the
'Monkey Business' picture of Ms Rice, sitting on Gary Hart's, um, lap, went
across the news wires.
The joke was:
Q. What did Donna Rice say she was doing when she left Gary Hart's house?
A. She said she was taking a poll. Later, I learned that a friend of mine from my college days at Mizzou,
Brian Smith, got the Pulitzer for that Monkey Business picture. Somewhere,
Mr. Pulitzer was smiling, I bet. Just exactly the kind of yellow journalism
Pulitzer made all his money doing...
Mizzou, of course, is the World's First Journalism School, and I went there
in the late 1970's when we all *knew* that Woodward and Bernstein had saved
the country...
Of course, that made all the journo school folks completely insufferable,
but, unfortunately, only in hindsight...
What? Yes, in fact, I *was* a Liberal Until Graduation. How could you tell?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-08 06:19:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Nader Letter to Bill Gates 
Yet another spit take arrives in the e-mail.
This seems to be another great week for hilarity...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: love
Originator: info-policy-notes
Sender: info-policy-notes
Precedence: bulk
The following in Ralph Nader's letter to Bill Gates, inviting him to
Ralph's November 13, 14 conference on Apprasising Microsoft's Global
   Jamie

@_date: 1997-10-08 06:23:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Four horsemen skew Internet 
So, what you're telling us is, having Good Ol' Ira in charge of crypto is
*good* news...
"There's no law like *no* law" and all that...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-09 00:54:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Question 
Hi Bob,
stypid question: how to I post a message to
the Cypherpunks. I have an announcement on
a new method to fight junk e-mail, which has
been integrated in LPWA (nee Janus).
See below
  -- Alain
we are Bell Labs researchers announcing a method to help you combat
junk e-mail (spam) via a new kind of e-mail address, termed a target-revokable
e-mail address. Every time you give out your e-mail address, e.g., when you
register at a Web-site or post to a Usenet newsgroup, there is a risk that
your address will end up in the hands of an e-mail a marketeer or spammer.
Until now, you had no way to undo giving out your e-mail address.
Target-revokable e-mail addresses effectively let you do that.
Currently, most e-mail users typically have a very small number of e-mail
addresses. For example, one at the office and one for private use with an ISP
at home. In contrast, the principle behind target-revokable e-mail addresses
is that each user has many e-mail addresses. In fact, users can have a
different e-mail address for each group or entity with whom they interact.
Furthermore, target revokable e-mail addresses are defined such that a
recipient of such an address cannot guess other target-revokable addresses
belonging to the same sender and destined for different groups.
Target-revokable e-mail addresses have been integrated with LPWA for easy
use with Web sites and Usenet newsgroups (more application to follow at a
later date).
The Lucent Personalized Web Assistant (LPWA, formerly known as Janus) is a
new tool that provides you with privacy, convenience and security when
browsing the Web. LPWA is having a highly successful test run,
having won PC Magazine "Developer's site of the Week Award".
For more info and instructions on how to use target-revokable e-mail:
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-09 07:36:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Internet Via Electric Lines? 
Easy. Just look down the fiber and steer it. :-).
To pun something from the pipline biz, pigs *can* fly...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-09 22:10:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Component-based Commerce:  CCS Lunch Talk Friday, October 17 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Chris Wysopal Sent:   Wednesday, October 08, 1997 10:27 AM
This is to announce a CCS Lunch Talk, Friday, October 17, from 12-1:30 pm in
E40-170.  Bring your lunch and join us for an interesting session.
We are pleased to welcome Jay M. Tenenbaum, Chairman of CommerceNet to CCS.
He will speak on component-based commerce and an exciting new project.  See
you there!!
Component-based Commerce
Jay M. Tenenbaum
Chairman, CommerceNet
Digital anarchy is threatening the explosive growth of Internet commerce.
Proprietary applications and platforms cannot communicate above the level of
browsers. Websites are difficult to locate and incomprehensible to software
agents. Such limitations prevent online businesses from leveraging each
other's services, resulting in closed markets and trading communities.
In response, CommerceNet has launched an ambitious object-oriented
interoperability framework initiative called eCo System. eCo treats all
commerce services on the Web as business objects. It provides the
infrastructure (a Common Business Language, standardized metadata and
middleware) for combining them in novel ways to build virtual companies,
markets, and trading communities. eCo complements commercial ecommerce
platforms, enabling them to communicate with one another, thus expanding the
market for all.
eCo System promises to transform the Internet into a massive economy of
online services, all linked through a common framework. Companies will be
able to encapsulate their services (e.g., shipping, banking) as eCo objects,
that customers can seemlessly integrate into their own business processes.
Entrepreneurs will be able to create innovative value-added services that
compare, aggregate, integrate, and translate data across companies --
finding the best price or the closest supplier for example. This potential
for instant partnering and for rapidly experimenting with new business
concepts could spark an explosion of entrepreneurial activity rivaling that
of the web itself. Based on market analyses by Forrester and IDC,
CommerceNet projects a $1 Billion market for eCo-enabled  Internet commerce
building blocks and tools by the year 2000. The Internet commerce
transactions enabled by these components could exceed $100 Billion.
The talk will cover eCo System from both a technology and business
Dr. Jay M. Tenenbaum (BS MIT '64; Ph.D. Stanford '71) is widely acknowledged
as a founder of Internet commerce and its leading visionary. In 1990 he
started EIT, the company that pioneered  the enabling security and payment
infrastructure. In 1994 he formed CommerceNet, the leading industry
association for Internet commerce with nearly 600 corporate members
worldwide. Dr. Tenenbaum has been a consulting Professor of Computer Science
at Stanford University and currently serves on the boards of six Internet
start ups.
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-10 01:51:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Improper biometric controls... 
Resent-Date: Thu, 9 Oct 1997 11:55:35 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2317
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Rob Windsor Forwarded-by: Kirk A Schneider    It was the week of finals, and obviously, everyone was stressing.
This happened in a big (+300) lecture class, it was some hard science
course with one of those real pain-in-the ass professors.  Everyone
taking this course had been dreading this final from the start. They all
knew they had no hope. There was one student in the class who felt
confident in the area if he could just take his time and work his way
through each problem.
   So, on the day of the final, he decided he would just take his time
on the test. The exam began, and he slowly paced himself, carefully
working out each problem. This was diffficult because the professor was
one of those guys who would obnoxiously yell to the class how much time
they had left every three minutes. He was just one of those guys who
needed a smack in the face.
   Finally, time was up, and the teacher told the class to stop, and to
bring their test papers down to his desk. With over three-hundred
people, this procedure took quite a while.  That one student just
continued working on his test. Eventually, ten extra minutes turned into
twenty, until the student was there for almost an hour after the exam
had ended. He looked at his paper, and decided he had completed the test
to his satisfaction, and he could now hand it in. He gathered his things
and walked down to the teachers desk.
   The professor was sitting at the desk, the tests were still sitting
on the desk in a neatly stacked pile, and it was clear he had just been
waiting for this student to finish so that he could tell him that he had
failed. The student reached his professors desk with a big smile on his
face. The professor said to him, "This test was due an hour ago. By
handing it in now it is considered late, and consequently, you fail."
   The student looked right at the professor and said to him "Do you
know who I am?"
   The professor clearly upset by his student's response said "What are
you talking about?"
   Again the student said, "Do you know who I am?" The professor
responded by saying no, of course not... Just as he said this, the
student lifted up half of the test papers still sitting on the teachers
desk. He casually slipped his test on the pile, and let the rest of the
tests fall naturally back onto the stack. He looked at his professor and
said "I didn't think so."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-14 08:24:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Public Key Smart Card 
Reply-To: rah
              [(c) 1997 Business Wire |

@_date: 1997-10-16 00:11:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Clinton - Gore selling out Internet to ITU to Preserve Key EscrowEncryption? 
Reply-To: cook
Originator: com-priv
Sender: com-priv
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment:  Commercialization and Privatization of the Internet
A COOK Report Editorial
Exceedingly strange events are underway inside the Beltway. By January of
this year a coalition of industry figures had decided that IAHC was a
cabal of internet old timers out to create a clique that could impose a
DNS "socialist" solution. This solution, they claimed, would ensure the
failure of any private enterprise led initiatives to open a true free
market in DNS services. They convinced the Clinton Administration to
intervene to stop the cabal from what they also alleged was its threat to
American sovereignty. Namely that, in involving the ITU as the repository
of its MOU, it sought to deliver control of the Internet into the hands of
a stodgy bureaucracy which was in fact an enemy of the net.
Fast forward through eight months of Clinton Administration meddling and
we have some rather shocking results beginning to emerge. The Inter Agency
Working Group on DNS issues is drafting a report that says IAHC was right
after all and that just a few tweaks are needed to open up the process.
The draft shows no understanding of the DNS issues themselves and comes up
with no clear alternatives to the much scorned WIPO role in DNS dispute
resolution. These matters are now coming out into the open. In an article
 "They
[the IAHC] laid a decent foundation and [we] need to modify the plan to
build on that foundation," said Ira Magaziner, a senior adviser on
Internet matters to President Bill Clinton. The IAHC seems "open and
flexible" to the idea of changing portions of the plan based on increased
Internet community input, Magaziner added." The article goes on to explain
how the Administration is embracing the hated IAHC process that its
intervention was initially designed to halt.
But we remind our readers that another concern that led to government
intervention was not just anger over IAHC but also fear of the ITU. But no
problem, the fear of the ITU seems to be no more. We quote below from a
just published interview with Pekka Tarjanne, the ITU Secretary General
from Finland. While the IAHC initially promised that the only role of the
ITU would be to act as repository for signatories to the MoU on DNS, Pekka
Tarjanne now foresees the ITU as the most likely repository for all
internet governance functions - including getting into issues of content.
Brian Kahin and Mike Nelson have turned the enemy into the friend. Why?
Such are the wondrous ways of life in DC. NTIA has been given the green
light to shape internet policy within the US. To hell with the Congress,
the FCC and the NSF.
[Speaking of collateral congressional problems, we'd certainly like to see
someone sue NSI to prevent the return of the 23 million from the
infratsructure fund to NSF for NGI use.]
We expressed our dismay about this last week in an open letter to NTIA
head Larry Irving. We must have struck some raw nerves, for when Dave
Farber posted our original complaint to Irving on his IP list, we received
a few days later the following delightful reply (posted by Dave again to
his list.)
Cook: "Gregory Simon." Hmmm. Domestic affairs advisor to Al Gore? On the
wrong side of privacy issues? Not much beloved by EPIC. On the wrong side
of information issues. Point man for the administration a year ago at the
WIPO meetings in Geneva, where the justly defeated treaty would have given
publishers copy rights over virtually everything. See  Seems
that Greg has left the White House and is working for the lobbying firm
run by John Podesta's brother? Meanwhile John Podesta continues to work on
the inside as one of President Clinton's most intimate advisors. In charge
of Bill's daily schedule we are told. Greg seems to be offended that I am
not a cheer leader for his ex-employer's policies.
Simon: Dear All: The open letter from Gordon Cook to Larry Irving is
profoundly misguided and uninformed. The basic premise is ludicrous --
that Henry Geller somehow set the parameters of NTIA's authority by his
personal views.
Cook: No. Wrong the premise was that Geller as first head of NTIA was
fully in favor of the conditions agreed upon for its founding. That it
could be an advocate for the desires of the President in telecom matters
but that it would NOT make and originate policy.
Simon: NTIA is the voice of the Administration on many matters but it is
also part of the brain. During my tenure in the White House with Vice
President Gore, we relied heavily on NTIA's institutional knowledge and
analytical skills in formulating and executing policy decisions.
Cook: In other words with NTIA as the brain, this administration, uses it
to make policy.
Simon: Larry Irving in particular has been astoundingly and unerringly
prescient in identifying policy areas that will rise to the top of the
public policy debate. His views have often carried the day with the
President and Vice President.
Cook: NTIA making telecom policy again contrary to the views of the
original founders. I haven't talked to Elliot Maxwell at FCC, but Greg,
you might like to give him a call. I am told that he shares these same
views. And I am told this by someone who participated in the policy making
at NTIA's founding with whom I have just had a conversation tonight.
Simon: In my dealings with NTIA on the DNS issues I have detected none of
the prejudice Mr. Cook asserts. Reading symbolism into such simple
gestures as granting additional comment time and giving great weight to
every bit of gossip emanating from a free give and take discussion within
the government smacks of clinical paranoia.
Cook: No Greg. It's having good sources who are so disgusted by the lack
of cluefulness on the part of the administrations policy makers that they
talk. I knew this was coming down the pike. Cukier's article published
yesterday confirms it.
Simon: Finally, is it necessary to wave the bloody shirt of encryption
into every policy debate no matter how remote? Must everything be related
to a government conspiracy to read your mail?
Cook: Given the slipperiness of this Administration, I stand by what I
said on this issue. If the minions of the administration, of which you are
clearly one, can strip internet policy making away from NSF and Congress,
then they can march ahead with their intent to give Freeh and Ft George
Meade the keys to the private communications of every American citizen.
And since Kahin and Nelson have decided to deliver the Internet via IAHC
to the ITU after all, we could all wake up one day and find the keys to
our most private correspondence turned over to an international
organization called the ITU, which uses its treaty power like the World
Trade Organization to overrule the sovereign power of the US Congress. The
shame is that Ira Magaziner doesn't yet realize what Kahin and Nelson are
doing to him. Note that the ITU also reflects the views of many European
governments are far less willing than our own to even give lip service to
the concerpt of a free Internet.
Cook: Before you reply that I have lost my mind, Greg read the cogent
paragraphs of the interview with ITU Secretary General Tarjanne below
where the good man, sensing victory, says that he foresees the ITU playing
a major role in Internet governance and foresees the possibility that the
ITU may get involved not only in conduit but content as well. Someone
exceedingly well familiar with ITU policy making noted in another
conversation tonight that the ITU constitution has long allowed controls
over encryption or in other instances has explicitly forbidden encryption
and that the ITU has the tools for coordinating such restrictions
Simon: Surely there must be a more honest way to disagree than to impugn
everybody's motives all the time. And as for being cut off at the knees, I
personally repudiate Mr. Cook for bringing that level of vileness and
personal animus into the debate on a policy issue. Larry Irving has
devoted his professional career to public service, he deserves respect,
not threats.
Cook: Rather than turn my accusations into a personal attack, why you tell
us what the real policy of the administration is on these matters, if it
is indeed other than what I allege?
Cook: No I just put together what I hear from highly credible and
distinguished sources who for their own reasonss cannot go on record.and
reflect that against my belief that the government must never try to take
control of the internet. If it means saying that the high and mighty have
no clothes, so be it.  No matter. The cozy dance continues. Don Heath has
announced that next INET conference will be held in Geneva at ITU
Cook: Now it also looks like we owe Charles Pickering, the Republican
Chairman of the House Science Subcommittee on Basic Research, a debt of
gratitude for the hearings of two weeks ago. Problem is the double dealing
alleged there is not going on with IAHC. Sernovitz was wrong to accuse Jon
Postel of wanting to ship US developed assets to Geneva. It would seem to
be the White House that is the double dealer and the one ready to give
American assets to the ITU.
Greg Simon
(In the interest of full disclosure, Mr. Simon, President and CEO of Simon
Strategies is a consultant to SAIC, the parent company of Network
Cook: In the interests of full disclosure let it be said that we drank at
the federal till for 18 months working for the US Congress Office of
Technology Assessment and  driving from NJ to a rented bedroom on Capitol
Hill every week. Since March 1, 1992 we have published the staunchly
independent COOK Report on Internet from our front porch making our living
outside the beltway and fully independent of the interests that Mr. Simon
We must say we were amused at the Bellcore and NSI private mail that Greg
attached. Clearly we touched a raw nerve. :-)
Here with some relevant quotes from the Cukier article (at
 and the Tarjanne interview.
"The U.S. Department of Commerce, backed by a White House group studying
the Net's vital domain name system, is set to accept a modified version
of the plan for competitive domain name registrars devised by the
International Ad Hoc Committee (IAHC), which comprises Internet
organizations and United Nations-affiliate agencies.
"They [the IAHC] laid a decent foundation and need to modify the plan
to build on that foundation," said Ira Magaziner, a senior adviser on
Internet matters to President Bill Clinton. The IAHC seems "open and
flexible" to the idea of changing portions of the plan based on
increased Internet community input, Magaziner added.
The move will lay to rest months of uncertainty over the United States'
role in freeing Internet institutions from government control.
Significantly, the Department of Commerce will require the current
monopoly registrar of the popular .com domain, Network Solutions Inc.,
to release information pertaining to the system's operation, say
Clinton administration officials.
However, officials caution that the department's approach is not
universally supported in the federal government, and the internal
tensions may set the policy back.
Additionally, the IAHC's proposals that Geneva-based U.N. agencies be
involved in domain name governance was attacked by Charles Pickering,
the republican chairman of the House Science Subcommittee on Basic
Research, which sponsored the domain name system hearings.
Jon Postel, the head of the Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA),
the Net's central authority on certain standards (CWI, 30 June),
remains cautious, however. "I just don't know," he said when asked
whether the U.S. government will promote Internet self-governance.
But Postel added: "Discussions have been fairly open in the
administration about endorsing the [Internet] community's plan," as
represented by the IAHC.
The Trajanne interview is found at
The ITU's involvement with the Internet may not
            end with the DNS. In fact, it may just begin
            there, especially if the ITU's DNS solution
            holds sway. In a recent interview, Tarjanne not
            only defended the DNS accord but also predicted
            a growing role for the ITU in Internet
            governance, at the invitation of the world's
            government and industry leaders.
The ITU could eventually become involved
            in such content-oriented issues as pornography
            on the Internet, Tarjanne says. "We are not
            there yet, and I don't know if we will get
            there, but there is a clear possibility," he
            said. Some acknowledgment of the ITU's
            expanding role on the Internet could be written
            into the U.N. agency's bylaws when the ITU
            holds its quadrennial plenipotentiary
            conference--a kind of constitutional convention
            for the organization--in Minneapolis next
            October, according to Tarjanne.
Still, the Internet issue is pivotal for the
            ITU's future; without a role in the Internet,
            the ITU would become less and less relevant to
            global communications. Tarjanne is moving
            quickly to secure the ITU's future before his
            tenure as secretary general ends in January
            1999.
Tarjanne:  Traditionally, when we've talked about
            standardization in the ITU family it has been
            mainly technical standardization. But more and
            more we are involved in things that are called
            standardization but that have to do with, for
            instance, issues related to the generic
            top-level domain names or numbering
            systems--country codes are almost becoming
            viewed as a limited natural resource. As it
            relates to the Internet, we are facing a very
            interesting situation where questions concerned
            with conduit and content are being blurred.
            Basically, we have always dealt with conduit
            and have had nothing to do with content. But
            the situation is not that simple anymore. We,
            the conduit people, have to know what is
            happening on the content side, and vice versa,
            and there are questions that are very much
            interlinked.
What kind of content issues do you see as
            possibly requiring the ITU's attention?
            Tarjanne: There are lots and lots of things. Probably the
            most famous Internet-related questions have to
            do with all the kinds of content that are not
            considered to be legally or morally acceptable.
            These are very difficult for the national
            decision-makers alone to deal with because of
            the global nature of the network. The problems
            are those related to child pornography or
            things like that. They have not reached the
            point where there's any need for us to do
            anything except follow what's happening. But
            that is already a change. To be prepared for
            the future, we have to know what problems
            different countries have with respect to the
            content of international communications.
            Have your members asked you to look into these
            issues?
           Tarjanne:   Members have asked us to look into it and to
            follow it, but there are no concrete proposals
            for us to really take these matters up more
            seriously than that--than to follow them and
            collect information and be prepared to
            disseminate information. There's nothing on the
            agenda of our next few conferences, nor anything
            really serious in our study groups.
            What would happen if the Internet community
            rejected ITU governance?
            Tarjanne:  It's a theoretical possibility, but I don't
            think it's very realistic. But if they find a
            better forum than the ITU, we don't have any
            monopoly. Things can be done outside the ITU,
            sometimes in a better way than within the ITU.
            That's not a big problem. We are here within
            our mandate to be prepared to participate and
            help when asked to do so. That's what we have
            done.
            To go a little bit further, if something were
            to happen outside the ITU that would lead to
            problems because of the absence of a neutral
            global organization covering these issues, then
            of course it's up to the members of the ITU to
            look at things more carefully. But we are not
            there. It's a rather hypothetical question for
            the time being.
The COOK Report on Internet               For subsc. pricing & more than
431 Greenway Ave, Ewing, NJ 08618 USA     ten megabytes of free material
(609) 882-2572 (phone & fax)              visit   Internet: cook             New Special Report: Internet
Governance at the Crossroads ($175)  --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-17 08:10:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: pro-crypto govt. people 
It seems to help if she's sitting on your lap...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-20 23:04:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: How Fast Is your System? 
X-Sender: fm
Precedence: Bulk
List-Software: LetterRip 2.0.1 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Subscribe: List-Unsubscribe: Status: U
--- begin forwarded text
How Fast Is your System?
Project RC5 is an attempt to beat the RSA Secret-Key Challenge by
using desktop computers to plug away at possible solutions in their
spare processor time. One nifty side effect of all these boxes
attempting the same process is an accurate comparison of true
processor speeds. The compiled statistics show clearly what is often
overlooked: not all megahertzes are created equal. A 180-MHz Pentium
Pro ranges from 413 kk/s (thousand keys per second) running Windows 95
to 461 kk/s under Linux. In comparison, 180-MHz Macs range from 434
kk/s (a Motorola machine with a 603e chip running MacOS 7.6.1) to 530
kk/s (a Motorola 604e with MacOS 8). That's a significant difference.
The fastest single-processor computer is a Power Mac 9600/350, with a
350-Mhz PowerPC 604e chip, that slices through 1012 kk/s. Check these
stats out and compare not only platforms, but operating systems, too.
[Netsurfer=92s Digest]
RC5: =20
RSA: =20
Stats: --- end forwarded text
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-21 12:28:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Impeachment of Janet Reno -- was Justice Department Sues Micr 
Reply-To: com-priv
Originator: com-priv
Sender: com-priv
Precedence: bulk
All right, I will justify (again) my position.
Re: the bundling of a software with an Operating System.
I will not say that I agree that there should be any restrictions or
regulations regarding what applications can be "bundled" with an
operating system. I will say that I vehemently disagree that the
government should legislate what constitutes an operating system and
what applications may be included. But I will concede that there is an
ethical question regarding of bundling of any product with that of
another in an effort to make bundled product competitive on something
other than its merits.
But please do not insult my intelligence. This is not the core issue at
hand. Microsoft has been bundling IE since before it even had a version
number when Windows 95 was originally released more than two years ago.
I just took a close look at Windows 95 OEM Service Release 2, and you
cannot not install IE -- that was released last summer.
So I ask, why is this coming up now?
The answer was given in the letter to the DOJ that Ralph Nadar's
organization posted to this very list not more than one month ago.
"Microsoft should not be permitted to...integrate the MSE with the
operating system in ways that are unavailable to other firms."
This is not the consumer public via DOJ against Microsoft, this is
Netscape via DOJ against Microsoft. This is not about Windows 95 and IE
3.0, this is about Windows 98 and NT 5.0.
Windows 98 and NT 5.0 have evolved the core operating system interface
and functionality to be seamlessly integrated with and based upon
Internet standards CIFS, LDAP, HTTP, HTML/XML, etc. This is what
Netscape is attacking.
There is a natural progression and market pressure to natively integrate
Internet-based standards into both OS's and applications -- to
legislatively prevent that is absolutely ridiculous and harmful to
consumers. It would be the equivalent in my mind if the Australian maker
of the Trumpet Winsocket (the most popular TCP/IP stack for Windows 3.1)
had sued Microsoft for bundling TCP/IP with Windows 95/NT.
All I can say about Netscape is the ability to successfully build and
market software that complements or enhances another software package is
dependent on a good relationship with that software vendor -- this is
self-evident in the market. To self-proclaim yourself the destroyer of
that vendor and then except that vendor to support you is utterly
moronic -- they get what they deserve.
For our mercenary government to pull out their guns in service of
Netscape and force Microsoft to permit their existence is criminal. To
proclaim Microsoft a monopoly and use that as justification to
completely disregard reason, objectivity and rights of property, and
disrupt the free market with subjective law and reason of guns is
repulsive. I have trouble calling myself an American.
"You'd better get it straight that it's not a bunch of boy scouts you're
up against -- then you'll know that this is not the age for beautiful
gestures. We're after power and we mean it. Your fellows were pikers,
but we know the real trick, and you'd better get wise to it. There's no
way to rule innocent men. The only power any government has is the power
to crack down on criminals. Well, when there aren't enough criminals,
one makes them. Once declares so many things to be a crime that it
becomes impossible for men to live without breaking laws. Who wants a
nation of law-abiding citizens? What's there in that for anyone? But
just pass the kind of laws that can neither be observed nor enforced nor
objectively interpreted -- and you create a nation of law-breakers---and
then you cash in on guilt. Now that's the system...that's the game, and
once you understand it, you'll be easier to deal with."
_Atlas Shrugged_
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-23 05:25:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Federal Key Recovery Demonstration Project ?! 
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
Organization: Ampersand, Inc.
Lines: 62
NNTP-Posting-Host: colon.ampersand.com
X-Newsreader: Gnus v5.2.40/Emacs 19.31
Xref: thing1.leftbank.com talk.politics.crypto:23766
X-Newsreader: Yet Another NewsWatcher 2.3.0
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Just saw the fallowing ad on pg 42 of
Federal Computer Week, Vol 11, Num 33, Oct 20, 1997.
If I was closer, I would go, just to see what the "enemy" has to
          ==================================================
                            The Government
                             Information
                              Technology
                            Services Board
                         Federal Key Recovery
                        Demonstration Project
                        invites you to attend
                             A TECHNOLOGY
                              CONFERENCE
                    Wednesday, November 15, 1997,
                         Omni Shoreham Hotel,
                            Washington DC
                       7.30 a. m. - 8: 00 a. m.
                       Conference with exhibit
                       demonstrations following
                      from 8:00 a.m. - 5:30p.m.
                   For details, visit out Web site:
                                                    or contact
                      Lisa McGrady Pellegrin at
                   (202) 293-3835 or Terry Painter
                          at (202) 986-0200
                      Registration fee: $100.00
                     (includes breakfast, lunch)
              To register, please call and mail check by
                     October 24, 1997 payable to:
                    McPell Communications Company
                    1140 Connecticut Avenue, N.W.
                   Suit 606, Washington, D.C. 20036
          ==================================================
Mark Atwood       | Thank you gentlemen, you are everything we have come to
zot | expect from years of government training. -- MIB Zed
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-24 02:32:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Laws recognizing digital signatures 
Funny you should ask that. There's a bunch of lawyerly traffic on
DIGSIG run off of LISTSERV I've sent you the
welcome message under separate cover. Of course, if you'd been subscribing
to e$pam, you'd know all of this. :-). (Of course, if I could just get some
keyword searchable archives of e$pam up and running, you wouldn't have to
subscribe to a mail-firehose like e$pam ;-)).
Take a look at:
Jane Winn is god. (this week anyway)
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-24 02:38:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd from f-c) Note from PGP employee on MRK 
Kind of like aeronautical engineers are aviation zelots?
The ganglia twitch...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-25 03:09:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FYI: Tygar talk on Monday, November 3 at Harvard 
X-Sender: kentborg
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Having recently come out of retirement (my temporary early
retirement, longer than I would have dreamed I could have pulled off,
was wonderful), I have not hit upon a smooth stride in my email
reading techniques.  Riding the bus (most) every day means that I am
going to be running up to date on my Herald Tribune, Economist, Byte,
Science News, Scientific American, etc., but I am behind on such
things as the DCSB mailing list.
So I don't know whether this has gone by on the list, you might want
to send it out:
Kent Borg                           kentborg
W: +1-781-768-2300 x1741           H: +1-617-776-6899
  "The creative instinct has always been a stronger
   motive than mere profit to do truly new and
   revolutionary things."
                                        - Phil Karn
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-28 13:26:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: WPI Cryptography Seminar 
X-Authentication-Warning: goya.WPI.EDU: christof owned process doing -bs
        ecefaculty faculty graduate
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Christof Paar Starting next week, we will again offer an open Cryptography Seminar at
WPI. We will meet (mostly) Tuesdays at 4:30. Some of the talks until the
end of this year are
- Erik DeWin, K.U. Leuven, Belgium:
  The P1363 IEEE Public-Key Standard.
- David Jablon:
  A new network identification system.
- Jens-Peter Kaps, WPI:
  High-speed implementation of DES on FPGAs.
- Christian Cachin, MIT:
  Unconditionally secure key agreement.
- Tobias Lohrenz and Kai Wollenweber, U. Siegen, Germany:
  Implementation of a key-agile ATM security module.
IF YOU WANT TO RECEIVE ANNOUNCEMENTS FOR THE CRYPTO SEMINAR, please
send me a brief reply and I put you on the mailing list. Otherwise
you won't here from us again :)
Christof Paar
PS: All students in my current or past cryptography courses are
automatically on the list; please don't respond.
Christof Paar                   Assistant Professor             email:  christof
Cryptography Group              phone:  (508) 831 5061
ECE Department, WPI             fax:    (508) 831 5491
100 Institute Road
Worcester, MA 01609, USA
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-29 07:08:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Bob - FYI -- not sure if this was already posted ? 
Reply-To: davidk
Organization: Allied International Resources
12:51 PM ET 10/28/97
FBI chief calls for computer crime crackdown
            ORLANDO, Fla. (Reuters) - FBI director Louis Freeh said
Tuesday that criminals were moving increasingly into cyberspace
and without new laws ``drug dealers, arms dealers,  terrorists
and spies will have immunity like no other''.
            Freeh told the International Association of Chiefs of Police
that software manufacturers should be required by law to include
a feature that allows police to descramble encrypted
            ``It could take a $30 million supercomputer a year to figure
out the simplest encrypted message without this feature,'' Freeh
said. ``And that message might be 'we have the victim and will
kill him in an hour'.''
            ``We're not opposed to encrypting. Encrypting is very
important when transacting business but encrypting makes it very
hard to enforce court orders for surveillance.''
            Freeh said he supported a cyber surveillance law with these
features which passed out of the House Intelligence Committee.
That bill has the support of the FBI, Justice Department, Drug
Enforcement Administration and other federal law enforcement
agencies but does not have White House backing.
            ``Our own administration has not gotten behind this
initiative. There are some very powerful industry forces
opposing this,'' Freeh said.
            The ability of criminals to communicate with one another
with computers is changing the face of law enforcement, Freeh
            ``All the boxes of evidence we used to bring back have been
replaced by hard drives and discs. When we graduate our agents
we give them in addition to a gun and a badge a laptop
         ^REUTERS@
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-29 22:49:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: <<Vitamin B>>(October 28, 1997) The Power of Ecobabble 
X-Lotus-FromDomain: ILGW @ BIONOMICS @ OUTBOUND
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by pop.sneaker.net id
Vitamin B:
Your Daily Dose of Bionomics
October 28, 1997
The Power of Ecobabble
Paul Krugman is, without doubt, a well known economist.  With
a professorship at MIT and a publication list long enough to
impress Stephen King, those Nobel guys in Sweden are
really the only ones he hasn't impressed.  In other words,
just the kind of successful, mainstream economist who
wouldn't give Bionomics the time of day.
Until last week, that is.
We don't know why, but out of the blue, Paul Krugman
chose to devote his entire _Slate_ column to an analysis
of Bionomics (much like a shark will analyze a tuna).
Maybe he was wondering why he, a clear expert in the field
of evolutionary economics, wasn't invited to speak at our
conference (Nov 13-15 in San Francisco plug plug plug).
Maybe he actually doesn't think that language and
metaphors matter to our mental maps of the economy.
Or, maybe he got asked just one too many times, "So,
Prof. Krugman, what do you think of _Bionomics_, and
this guy Rothschild?  He's been talking about biology
and economics since 1990."
In any case, we're genuinely pleased to see he's spending
so much time thinking about Bionomics -- you simply can't
write this forcefully about something off-the-cuff.
For those who haven't read it yet, the article is included below:
The Power of Biobabble
Pseudo-economics meets pseudo-evolution.
By Paul Krugman
The invitation came, rather disappointingly, by conventional mail.
Still, it sounded enticing: "The Cato Institute and the Bionomics
Institute invite you to Now What? Living With Perpetual Evolution,
the fifth annual Bionomics Conference." Leading the list of speakers
for the Nov. 13-15 conference was Gregory Benford, one of my
favorite science-fiction writers. And at the top of the card was a
stirring quotation from Bionomics Institute founder Michael
?Like a deep-sea volcano bursting to the surface, spewing out vast
new lands soon to be inhabited by a complex ecosystem, the Web
is creating a virtual landscape that will soon be occupied by an
awesome array of economic organisms. ... It's evolution at warp
speed. Strap yourself in.?
The Cato Institute is a libertarian think tank noted mostly for its
adamant opposition to government regulation. But what on earth
(or in cyberspace) is bionomics--and why is Cato (and _Forbes
ASAP_, which is a co-sponsor of the conference) promoting it?
Although you have to look at Rothschild's 1990 book, _Bionomics:
Economy as Ecosystem_, to get the full flavor, the essential tenets
of the movement are spelled out on the Bionomics Institute home page,
which offers a primer called "Bionomics 101." The primer explains:
[A]ll traditional schools of economics are based on the concepts of
classical physics, while bionomics is based on the principles of
evolutionary biology. ... [O]rthodox economics describes the
"economy as a machine." ... Instead, bionomics says that an
economy is like an "evolving ecosystem." A modern market
economy is like a tropical rainforest.
Sounds good, doesn't it? Bionomics has won converts not only at the
Cato Institute but also among a wide variety of influential people
ranging from Newt Gingrich to Clyde Prestowitz. (Fortune has
described it as "a policymakers' version of The Celestine Prophecy.")
And Rothschild is certainly a bright, energetic fellow. There are,
however, two big weaknesses in his thinking: He doesn't know much
about economics, and he doesn't know much about evolution. When
I say that Rothschild doesn't know much about economics, I don't
mean that conventional economics is right and his ideas are
wrong--although where they differ that is generally true. I mean that
his description of what conventional economics is all about bears no
relation to what actual economists believe or say.
Take, for starters, his assertion that "orthodox economics describes
the 'economy as a machine.' " You might presume from his use of
quotation marks that this is something an actual economist said, or
at least that it was the sort of thing that economists routinely say. But
no economist I know thinks of the economy as being anything like a
machine--or believes, as Rothschild asserts a bit later, that because
the economy is like a machine, it is possible to make precise
predictions. (In fact, it was economists who came up with the famed
"random walk" hypothesis about stock prices, which says that they
are inherently unpredictable.)
It gets better. Rothschild tells us, "I know this is hard for
non-economists to believe, but orthodox economics essentially ignores
technological change." That is even harder for economists to believe.
In fact, I don't know how I'm going to break the news to the guy in the
next office. You see, poor Bob Solow is under the impression that he
got the Nobel Prize for his work on technological change, in particular
for his demonstration that technology, not capital accumulation,
historically has been the main driving force in economic growth. On
a different subject, it's going to be a shock to environmental
economists--who have spent decades arguing that one good way
to control pollution is to create a market in emission permits--to
learn that this is an idea unique to bionomics and totally at odds
with orthodox economic thinking. And I'm not feeling too good myself:
Rothschild insists that conventional economics depends on the
assumption of diminishing returns and that, as a result, economists
have completely ignored the possibility of increasing returns. Does
this mean I have to give back that medal the American Economic
Association gave me for my work on increasing returns and
international trade?
Well, all this is more or less the usual. Whenever a manifesto about
economics contains a sentence that begins, "Orthodox economics
assumes that ..." it almost always completes that sentence with
something strange and unfamiliar. In just the last two years, I've
learned that I believe that gross domestic product is the sole measure
of economic welfare, that growth at more than 2.5 percent always
causes inflation, and that sudden speculative attacks on currencies
can't happen. I've also learned that the Nobel Memorial Prize in
Economic Sciences keeps going to supply-siders--or should that
be Marxists?
What is surprising, however, is that a man who proposes to
replace what he imagines to be the mechanistic worldview of
conventional economics with a new view based on evolutionary
biology should know so little about the discipline that supposedly
inspires him.
Rothschild's lack of familiarity with evolutionary theory may not
be obvious to uninformed readers--his book bristles with
ostentatious footnotes and seemingly learned references.
It happens, however, that I am an evolution groupie. I started
as a fan of great popularizers like Richard Dawkins and Steven
Pinker, and I have since graduated not only to hero worship of
the leading evolutionary theorists but also to reading textbooks
and even journal articles. And so when I picked up a copy of
Bionomics, the first thing I did was check out the author's treatment
of my heroes and of what I knew to have been the important
developments in evolutionary theory since Darwin. His record
was perfect: Not one of the right people was mentioned, not
one of the key developments discussed. The bionomics
version of what evolutionary theory is about has as little to do
with the real thing as its version of what economics is about does.
What the bionomics guys apparently think evolution is about is
constant, breathless change--strap yourself in!--change so
rapid that everything is unpredictable, that the rules themselves
are constantly changing. Rothschild seems, in particular, to
view evolutionary thinking as the antithesis of "equilibrium
economics." Apparently nobody told him that equilibrium
thinking--the idea that in order to understand how individuals
interact, it is often useful to ask what would happen if each
individual was doing the best he or she could given what everyone
else is doing--is almost as prevalent in evolutionary theory
as it is in economics. In fact, the really funny thing is that for
the most part the bionomics program has already been
implemented: Economics already is very similar to evolutionary
theory, and vice versa. However, neither field looks anything
like bionomics.
OK, enough already. The really interesting question is why the
Cato Institute and other free-market conservatives should be
willing to squander their intellectual credibility by associating
their names with this sort of thing. After all, conventional
economics already has lots of nice things to say about free
markets. Why not stick with Adam Smith?
Part of the answer, I suspect, is sociological. Traditional
conservative causes like the gold standard tend to have a
musty, old-fashioned feel. They sound like the sort of thing
that appeals mainly to rich old men (and conservative think
tanks are, of course, mainly funded by rich old men). Young,
vigorous conservatives are therefore always looking for ways
to seem more fashion-forward. Some of them parade their
knowledge of pop culture, some make a point of being
photographed wearing miniskirts, and some go for what we
might call the Wired style of economic rhetoric--the continual
assertion that things are changing! so fast! that we have to
use lots! of exclamation points!!!
But there is also a more serious reason that bionomics
appeals to the free-market faithful: They find the conventional
case for laissez-faire too modest, too conditional, for their
tastes. Standard economic theory offers reasons to believe
that markets are a good way to organize economic activity.
But it does not deify the market system, and it even offers a
number of fairly well-defined ways in which markets can fail,
or at least could be helped with government intervention. And
that, for some conservatives, is just not good enough.
Bionomics doesn't actually provide any coherent argument in
favor of free markets. In fact, Rothschild's original book seems
to hedge its bets: It spends a full chapter ("Japan's Secret
Weapon") explaining how government-business cooperation
makes the Japanese economy invincible (remember, the book
was published in 1990). But what the doctrine lacks in serious
argument it makes up for in rhetoric. The economy is an
ecosystem, like a tropical rain forest! And what could be worse
than trying to control a tropical rain forest from the top down?
You wouldn't try to control an ecosystem, wiping out species
you didn't like and promoting ones you did, would you?
Well, actually, you probably would. I think it's called "agriculture."
What do we learn from the willingness of extreme free-market
conservatives to associate themselves with crank doctrines
like bionomics? I think the main lesson is that their faith in free
markets is just that: a faith, which does not rest on either logic
or evidence. Belief comes first; then they look for arguments to
justify that belief. And they are therefore not too scrupulous
about the quality of those arguments, or of those who produce them.
Anyway, I guess I won't attend the conference. I would have liked to
meet Benford; but I couldn't stand to watch the author of
_Great Sky River_ demeaning himself by consorting with such
disreputable company.
Paul Krugman is a professor of economics at MIT whose books include
_The Age of Diminished Expectations_ and _Peddling Prosperity_.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-31 00:41:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Swallow all liquids before reading this... 
... as you may blow it all out your nose...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Resent-Date: Wed, 29 Oct 1997 18:38:23 -0800 (PST)
X-Authentication-Warning: weber.ucsd.edu: procmail set sender to
rre-request using -f
X-Authentication-Warning: weber.ucsd.edu: Processed from queue
Reply-To: rre-maintainers
X-URL: X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/1714
X-Loop: rre
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: rre-request
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
[I don't have the original header.]
Appraising Microsoft and Its Global Strategy Conference
November 13 and 14, 1997
The Omni Shoreham Hotel
Washington, D.C.
Please join Scott McNealy, CEO of Sun Microsystems, Roberta Katz,
General Counsel for Netscape Communications and Christine Varney, Former
Federal Trade Commissioner among others at the Appraising Microsoft and
Its Global Strategy Conference cosponsored by Ralph Nader and Essential
The following  is a list of confirmed speakers:
     Garth Saloner, Stanford University
     Morgan Chu, Irell & Manella
     Roberta Katz, General Counsel for Netscape Communications
     Audrie Krause, NetAction
     Bill Wendel, The Real Estate Cafe
     Scott McNealy, CEO of Sun Microsystems
     Christine Varney, Former FTC Commissioner
     Ralph Nader, Consumer Advocate
     Steve Susman, Susman and Godfrey
     Gary L. Reback, Esq., Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich & Rosati
     Financial services: Bill Randle, VP Huntington Bancshares
     Consumer products: CEO and President Philip Monego, NetChannel
     Bryan Sparks, CEO Caldera, Inc.
     James P. Love, Consumer Project on Technology
     Graham Lea, Principal Analyst of Heterodox (London)
     Andrew Schulman, Consulting Editor O'Reilly and Association
     Steve Hill, Esq., Snow Christensen
     Rick Ross, Java Lobby
     Daniel Nachbar, Public Software Institute
     John Perry Barlow, Co-founder of the Electronic Frontier Foundation
     Sam Goodhope, Texas Attorney General's Office.
     Wendy Goldman Rohm, author
Please see our web page for more information and registration
materials.  If more than five people from your organization/company
would like to attend, we will give a 30% registration discount.
For more information please call Caroline Jonah or Donna Colvin at
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-31 00:41:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Victim Ordered to Surrender Computer and Passwords 
Resent-Date: Thu, 30 Oct 1997 10:11:33 -0500
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2399
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Peter Tonoli Approved: proff
Cyber Allegations (AP US & World  21 Oct 1997)
o The accused, a 26-year old is alleged to have pulled a knife and attacked
the victim after a date on Feb 28th.  Prosecutors have said they will
Dave Kennedy CISSP, National Computer Security Assoc
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-10-13 10:38:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Carl Ellison on Identity and Certification for Electronic Commerce 
X-Sender: rah
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
               The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                          Carl Ellison
                         CyberCash, Inc.
                    Identity and Certification
                     for Electronic Commerce
                      Tuesday, November 4, 1997
                             12 - 2 PM
                 The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                   One Federal Street, Boston, MA
It is a common belief that you can not trust someone on the net
unless/until you establish his "identity" via an interactive protocol in
which the other person establishes proof of ownership of a given private
key and a transfer  of certificates which establish a binding between that
key and a person's  "identity" (in the form of a common name plus enough
information to make it unique in some global hierarchy of names).  This
talk will establish that the proof of key ownership is the primary value
obtained from this process and that the global hierarchy of names is
effectively useless.  It will propose certificates for electronic commerce
which use a person's public key to identify him, avoiding the hierarchy of
Carl Ellison is a cryptographic engineer with CyberCash, Inc., of Reston
VA. He has been involved in cryptography since about 1978 and seriously
involved since doing his first cryptanalysis in 1986.  With the
introduction of PEM in the early 1990's, he found the PEM certification
process to be a killing roadblock and has studied certification and the
establishment of  identity since that time.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, November 4, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$30.00. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, November 1, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $30.00. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
December  James O'Toole        Internet Coupons
January   Joseph Reagle        "Social Protocols": Meta-data
                                 and Negotiation in Digital Commerce
February  Donald Eastlake      SET
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-01 23:06:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Call for Papers - 3rd USENIX Electronic Commerce Workshop 
X-Sender: treese
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Win Treese For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-02 00:34:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FYI re BATF (fwd) 
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from QUOTED-PRINTABLE to 8bit by pop.sneaker.net id
---------- Forwarded message ----------
 Date: Fri, 31 Oct 1997 20:32:09 -0700
 From: davisda (Douglas Davis)
 Subject: Is the BATF Up to Their Old Tricks Again?
 John_Johnson
 TXJohn47
 (c) 1997 All rights reserved
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-04 22:59:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Interpol on Computer Crime / Cryptography 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: oldbear (The Old Bear)
Status: U
--- Forwarded message follows ---
Lines: 135
In the context of FBI Director Louis Freeh's statements on computer crime,
here's the Interpol take.
                                             -rishab
   [from American Reporter, the Internet's only daily newspaper,
   EXCLUSIVE: INTERPOL'S TOP INTERNET CRIMEFIGHTER SPEAKS OUT
 Rishab Aiyer Ghosh
 American Reporter Correspondent
 New Delhi, India
 NEW DELHI -- The impact of the Internet on crime-fighting may not be
as great as some hope, Interpol's top expert on networked computer
crimes has told the American Reporter. Hiroaki Takizawa says
old-fashioned methods of seeking evidence and gathering information
may remain the staple of crimefighters for a long time to come.
Takizawa talked to the American Reporter at the 66th annual General
Assembly of the worldwide crime-fighting organization Interpol
 in New Delhi last week, where one of the
key topics of the conference was the impact of the Internet on global
crime and enforcement.
In an interview, the top Interpol expert on Internet and computer
crimes, Hiroaki Takizawa, said despite the serious problems being
posed by the Internet to police everywhere, traditional, off-line
evidence gathering and investigation will remain the primary tools of
law enforcement.
Takizawa admitted that strong cryptography and anonymous email make
illicit transactions difficult to monitor or trace through the
Internet. Interpol, he said, is concerned at the spread of
cryptography, but does not advocate legislation banning it.
"What we concentrate on is the implementation of legislation, rather
than legislation itself," said Takizawa, when asked if he favored a
crypto ban. "Police need human and financial resources" to investigate
crime using the Internet, feels Takizawa, more than unenforceable
legislative bans.
Do police make use of intercepted messages much, on a global scale?
"Yes, I think so, yeah," said Takizawa. However, "we don't, we haven't
had many cases" that relied on undecipherable messages as evidence.
"I don't think the Interpol plays an important role so far as
[legislation on] cryptography is concerned," says Takizawa. The
Interpol cannot make binding treaties affecting national law -- "it is
not really a policy developing organization," he said.
Instead, it makes resolutions "from the police point of view" -- and
its members then go home to lobby with their governments. It does not
intend to make any resolutions on cryptography, though. Instead
"[Interpol] will focus on training and coordination" so that police
forces around the world "can develop practical solutions." As for
changing the law, "the OECD has started
discussion" on cryptography -- and has come to the conclusion
 that crypto bans are not
a good approach.
Interpol finds that an increasing amount of its work involves the Net
or computers in one way or another, and has set up a team to figure
out where police -- and the Interpol -- can have an effective
role. Interpol divides digital crime into three areas: computer crime,
which includes piracy, data-theft and time-theft (computer break-ins);
computer-related crime, which is mainly bank fraud -- "what was a
crime earlier with paper, but is now done with a computer," as
Takizawa says, and pornography.
The third, most recent area that "everyone's talking about now,"
Takizawa said, is what Interpol calls "network crime": the use of the
Internet for transactions that are already illegal -- child
pornography -- or aid illegal activity -- often involving the drug
trade, customs evasion and money laundering.
Takizawa finds that of these network crimes, child pornography and the
use of the Internet as an accessory to child sex abuse -- on-line
advertisements for Asian "sex tours" targeted at Westerners, for
example -- is the easiest to tackle. Stopping the distribution of
pornography itself is harder, though, thanks to the Internet --
"normally [pornography] was checked at the airport and confiscated by
customs, now you just download it by computer" -- so Interpol doesn't
even try, he says.
"Interception [is] impossible," said Takizawa bluntly.
Instead, Interpol uses the easily searched structure of the Net to
trace material back to its off-line origins. Police aided by
Interpol's global network locate brochures for sex tourism on the Net
much more easily than if they were in print, and follow up with
off-line investigations and arrests, he said.
The cross-jurisdictional nature of the Net -- and the fact that
countries disagree on precisely what activities are criminal -- is
less of a problem for child pornography than money-laundering.
Takizawa describes a recent case involving Germany and Japan: "from
Germany we received information [on child pornography found online]
pointing to Japan. Through Interpol we [passed] it on to Japan," where
authorities traced the originators and made arrests.
And what about money laundering? Doesn't the prospect of untraceable,
anonymous global electronic commerce on the Internet scare Interpol?
"Well, my counter-question is, have there been so many cases of
 ... [monetary] transactions using [the] Internet?" asks Takizawa.
Perhaps not -- yet. But once you have some form of the digital
currency required for any large-scale electronic commerce, what will
Interpol do about money laundering?
"We don't know," he admits. When cyberpayments are common, Takizawa
adds, "we cannot tell you what's going to happen. Everybody wants to
know that. If you can predict it perhaps you [will] get the Nobel
For an organization sometimes represented as a global police force --
which Interpol is not -- being a coordinating body for 178 national
law enforcement agencies worldwide -- Takizawa's depiction of its
Internet policy is surprisingly tame. His view well may stem from a
basic understanding of the nature of crime, which doesn't occur on the
Internet so much as pass through it. However much criminals use the
Net, says Takizawa, police will always "need more evidence outside the
                      ---
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-06 09:22:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Copyright commerce and the street musician protocol 
I'm curious about this...
Did DEFCON IV happen before, or after, the rump session of FC97 (February
26? 1997), when Jason Cronk talked about recursive auctions on geodesic
networks? Actually, now that I think about it, Ian Grigg did a talk about
the sell-side inverse of the same idea in the same session...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-06 23:35:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hughes Markets? (Was Re: Copyright commerce and the streetmusician protocol) 
Since it seems -- for the time being -- Eric was the first person to figure
this stuff out and talk about it publically (so, what else is new? :-)), we
should give him credit for it.
A whole bunch of people are now talking about these cash-settled recursive
auction processes, and they're a direct, and now obvious, consequence of
bearer (or at least instant) settlement markets for information on geodesic
networks. When you add anonymity to the transaction, you pretty much have
the final straw for "rights" tracking. Watermarks just tell you who the
information was stolen from, for instance. So, one more industrial
information process bites the dust.
And, since a lot of people, like myself :-), claim that anonymous bearer
settlement will be the cheapest way to effect a transaction in an
internetworked environment, then this kind of market process should
approach ubiquity sooner or later, and we should have a nice short name for
it. :-).
So, I propose that we call these things "Hughes markets" or "Hughes
auctions" or something. At least until we find the apocryphal 1940's
Atlantic Monthly article, like they did with hypertext. :-).
If it *does* turn out that Eric was the first person to see this, he might
end up with a trip to Stockholm someday...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-07 08:39:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hughes Markets? (Was Re: Copyright commerce and the street	musician protocol) 
X-Sender: hutchinson
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: hutchinson (Art Hutchinson)
Whoa!  Hang on here.  Sure, watermarks will tell you who information
was stolen from, but they're just a stalking horse... a weak second cousin
to *persistent* content control technologies (such as IBM's Cryptolopes
and Intertrust's Digiboxes).  These allow rightsholders to manage a wide
range of parameters (including price, usage context, and any other variable
for which you can imagine having a certificate).  Whats fundamentally
different about what are generically referred to as secure envelopes, is
that they can maintain controls *indefinitely* (persistence), across an un-
known, ad hoc, web of distribution over which one otherwise has no
control.  And yes, this can all work even in a completely disconnected
environment (laptop at 35,000 feet).
They allow rightsholders, if they so choose, to *continue* being rights-
holders in a highly networked, digital world, and in a wide range of new
ways, based on entirely new (or old) business models, that take advantage
of rich/elaborate conditions for usage (e.g. you can view this picture
anonymously, but it will cost you 2X as much, and you can only get it at
low resolution, and you can't view it at all unless you can prove that you
don't live in the Middle East).  No certificate for these conditions?
Sorry, no content.
They are based the same basic stuff (public key cryptography of course)
that *can* fuel wild anarchic visions of anonymous exchange.  ;)
But they aren't at all deterministic of any particular economic model.
- Art
Art Hutchinson                                       hutchinson
Northeast Consulting Resources, Inc.     phone: (617) 654-0635
One Liberty Square                                 fax: (617) 654-0654
Boston, MA 02160

@_date: 1997-11-07 08:39:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: new lanl patent? 
X-Authentication-Warning: blacklodge.c2.net: majordom set sender to
owner-cryptography using -f
from the Oct 20 Aviation Week:
"Researchers at Los ALimos National Laboratory have patented a new
software technique that can hide secret information in the electronic
"noise" associated with the transmission of data and electronic
images.  Called "data embedding," the method allows classified data to
be stored and transferred in open transmissions and can serve as an
"electronic watermark" to prevent unauthorized manipulation of digital
images and other information, according to Ted Handel, project leader.
The software can be used on a desktop personal computer and consumes
only 512 kilobytes of memory, less than most word processing programs.
It is written in "C" computer language which conforms to virtually any
digital storage medium. Overall document length can remain the same."
Aside from the obvious errors in the story, do you suppose that someone
ought to clue the patent office in that steganography has existed for
quite a while now? If anyone would like to research the patent and
report back, it would be interesting to see what is so unique that the
could get a patent on it.
505 828-5876 Voice
505 828-5500 Fax
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-07 13:36:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: From Our Friends at the Fed 
X-MIME-Autoconverted: from quoted-printable to 8bit by pop.sneaker.net id
     Thought this missive from the Federal Reserve (SR Letter 97-28 for
     those who insist on a formal citation) might be of interest.  Not sure
     if it's e$ or dcsb or cypherpunk-type material or none of the above,
     so I punt and let you decide.  Cheers.
     John Muller
     mailto:jmuller
     ---
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-08 00:23:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [Fwd: *LCS - DLS Lecture - Robert Morris - NSA*] 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Richard Lethin Return-Path: Received: from life.ai.mit.edu (life.ai.mit.edu [128.52.32.80])
Received: from LCS.MIT.EDU (mintaka.lcs.mit.edu [18.26.0.36])
Received: from hq.lcs.mit.edu by MINTAKA.LCS.MIT.EDU id aa09696;
          7 Nov 97 9:48 EST
Received: from [18.49.0.239] (bronte-mac.lcs.mit.edu) by hq.lcs.mit.edu
        assistants mas-students
        support eecsfaculty
        dchamber wmurphy
        Kenneth_Burrell/CAM/Lotus vijak
        CMCampos Stephanie_Leung
(Please excuse multiple posts)
*SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT ******************************
MIT Lab for Computer Science 	Distinguished Lecturer Series
Thursday, November 20, 1997	Lecture, 3:30pm
Location 34-101		Refreshments, 3:15pm
50 Vassar Street, Cambridge
Robert Morris, National Security Agency, Retired
Protection of Valuable Information
Over the past few decades, there has been a considerable shift in the area
of protection and exploitation of valuable information.  In the past, the
relevant skills were exercised by governments to protect or exploit
military and diplomatic information.  Nowadays, much of the interest in
information protection is by individuals wishing to protect their
privacy and by organizations wishing to protect their financial interests.
Here are the that come up that are worth some thought:
- does the breakup of the Soviet Union significantly reduce the
exploitation of U.S. Government information?
- has the world wide spread of ATMs (Automatic Teller Machines)
led to a great deal of electronic theft - and, if so how are they
- is cryptography more important than careful handling of information
and is cryptanalysis more important than burglary, bribery, and
Host: Michael Dertouzos
for the DLS season schedule check out
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-08 05:04:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [patent] Secure electronic message transfer and voting scheme 
X-Authentication-Warning: blacklodge.c2.net: majordom set sender to
owner-cryptography using -f
Sender: owner-cryptography
Secure anonymous message transfer
and voting scheme (Assignee -- NEC
Research Institute, Inc.)
November 7, 1997
Assignee: NEC Research Institute, Inc.
Patent Number: 5682430
Issue Date: 1997 10 28
Inventor(s): Kilian, Joseph John{ Kazue
Abstract: A number-theoretic based algorithm provides for secure
anonymous message transfer and electronic voting. A voter or sender may
cast an encrypted vote or message that is processed through n centers
in a manner which prevents fraud and authenticates the votes. Any
interested party can verify that each vote has been properly counted.
The invention can be realized by current-generation personal computers
with access to an electronic bulletin board.
Ex Claim Text: A method of secure anonymous message transfer from a
plurality of senders by use of a plurality of mixing centers comprising
the steps of: (a) choosing constants which are posted for senders
S.sub.1, S.sub.2, . . . S.sub.l and mixing centers, C.sub.1, C.sub.2,
. . . C.sub.n ; (b) each sender S.sub.k constructing an encrypted
message which is posted; (c) a first mixing center C.sub.1 processing
the posted messages from each sender S.sub.k which processed messages
are then posted for use by the next center; (d) each mixing center
C.sub.2 through C.sub.n-1 sequentially processing the processed messages
from the previous center, which sequentially processed messages are then
posted for use by the next center; (e) the last mixing center C.sub.n
processing messages from the previous center C.sub.n-1 and posting the
result; (f) each mixing center proving the validity of its processing,
which proof is posted; and (g) channel checker verifying correctness of
the execution from posted messages when necessary. from posted messages
when necessary.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-08 23:32:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Major security flaw in Cybercash 2.1.2 (fwd) 
Approved-By: aleph1
Reply-To: Anonymous Sender: Bugtraq List Comments:     This message was remailed by a FREE automated remailing service.
              For additional information on this service,
              send a message with the subject "remailer-help" to
              remailer The body of the message will be
              discarded. To report abuse,
              contact the operator at admin  Headers below this
              point were inserted by the original sender.
CyberCash v. 2.1.2 has a major security flaw that causes all credit
card information processed by the server to be logged in a file with
world-readable permissions.  This security flaw exists in the default
CyberCash installation and configuration.
The flaw is a result of not being able to turn off debugging.  Setting
the "DEBUG" flag to "0" in the configuration files simply has no
effect on the operation of the server.
In CyberCash's server, when the "DEBUG" flag is on, the contents of
all credit card transactions are written to a log file (named
"Debug.log" by default).
The easiest workaround I've found is to simply delete the existing
Debug.log file.  In my experience with the Solaris release, the
CyberCash software does not create this file at start time when the
DEBUG flag is set to 0.
The inability to turn off debugging is noted on CyberCash's web site
under "Known Limitations".  The fact that credit card numbers are
stored in the clear, in a world readable file, is not.
Bob Antia                                           antia
The Left Bank Operation, Inc.                       TCP/IP Internetworking                              LAN/WAN/NT/UNIX Admin
PGP fingerprint          9B 70 FF 2D 03 CC 5F C1  3E 29 6E D4 16 79 44 A8
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-09 02:34:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: E-Peso's for tractors - McCaffrey on banking 
Priority: Normal
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Blair Anderson" 06:24 p.m Nov 05, 1997 Eastern
         U.S. drug czar appeals to banks to track laundering
         By Anthony Boadle
         WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Bankers, watch those ``smurf''
         accounts.
         That was the message drug enforcement authorities gave
         the American Bankers Association and the American Bar
         Association at their annual money laundering conference
         Wednesday.
         Any innocent-looking person could be depositing a drug
         baron's cash parceled into amounts smaller that the
         $10,000 reporting threshhold to avoid suspicion, so get
         to know your customer, they warned.
         Traffickers hire individuals or ``smurfs'' who open
         small accounts at U.S. banks in their own or fictitious
         names.
         Once in the system, drug money becomes very hard to
         trace, White House drug policy director Gen. Barry
         McCaffrey said.
         Americans spend $49 billion a year on illegal drugs and
         much of that cash has to go through banks and
         corporations to get back to the Colombian cartels that
         ship cocaine and heroin to the the United States, he
         said.
         McCaffrey said drug traffickers were becoming
         increasingly sophisticated in laundering their proceeds,
         resorting to high tech communication encryption and
         ``cybercash'' transactions over the Internet.
         ``We are not going to find dumb guys stumbling into bank
         branches in New York City with cardboard boxes full of
         $20 bills that test positive for cocaine,'' he said.
         ``We are losing contact with the enemy,'' the general
         said. ''The government cannot follow laundering by
         itself. You are going to have to help.''
         McCaffrey said the drug trade was moving into new areas
         such as the securities industry to launder its profits.
         Treasury Department Undersecretary for Enforcement,
         Raymond Kelly, said Colombian cartels were using a black
         market peso brokering system to send home their profits.
         Cartels sell their dollars at a discount to Colombian
         businessmen who need to buy goods in the United States.
         The dollars go to pay the U.S. manufacturer or exporter.
         The pesos never leave Colombia and end up in the drug
         baron's account.
         A hooded Colombian woman testified in Congress last
         month that she had laundered money through large U.S.
         banks and corporations unwittingly used by black market
         peso brokers.
         She cited the case of drug dollars going to pay for a
         tractor for a Colombian farmer.
         Keely, a former New York City police commissioner,
         warned that money laudering was corroding financial
         institutions.
         ``It is the source and the product of a burgeoning
         global parallel trading system that serves the emerging
         criminal holding companies,'' he told the bankers and
         lawyers.
         Kelly said the Clinton administration has worked to
         lessen the burden of the Suspicious Activity Reports
         that banks are obliged to file under the Banking Secrecy
         Act.
         The banking industry complained it had to file 12
         million such reports in 1996, a time consuming and
         costly activity.
         New regulations exempts banks from reporting on certain
         customers, such as corporations listed on stock markets
         and their subsidiaries.
         But a new set of rules exempting additional businesses
         has caused an uproar among bankers because they would
         have to track the daily currency operations of these
         businesses for one year and project their annual
         currency needs.
         Copyright 1997 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved.
Blair Anderson  (Blair
International Consultant in Electronic Commerce,
Encryption and Electronic Rights Management
   "Techno Junk and Grey Matter"  (HTTP://WWW.NOW.CO.NZ [moving servers,
currently inactive])
   50 Wainoni Road, Christchurch, New Zealand
          phone 64 3 3894065
          fax     64 3 3894065
Member 	Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-09 02:35:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hughes Markets? (finally some stimulating debate on dcsb) 
X-Sender: hutchinson
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: hutchinson (Art Hutchinson)
To which R. Jason Cronk replied:
Yep.  I couldn't agree more.  There will be at *least* two, (and probably
more like 2000) 'camps'.  And here is where I think we diverge....
With more sophisticated tools for rights management, the market contest
can  move to another level, with content business models *themselves*
vying for attention.  Recursive auctions are merely one of these models.
They may make perfect sense for the kind of content that is going to
decline in value over time anyway (news, for example).  Not all content
works this way though.  Recursive auction markets are exciting because
for the most part, they haven't been possible in 'copyright' industries
until recently.  Its easy to say that they will be more important than they
are today.  They will.  But to say that they are fore-ordained as the only
way for creators to get compensated is much too narrow.
This view would only make sense if detaching copies from usage controls
were easy.  Today it is, and there is a common misconception that this will
continue.  But it won't.  Cryptographers especially should understand this.
The same base technology that makes it extremely
difficult to mint one's own digital coins in someone else's currency will
make it extremely difficult to use someone else's digital content without
complying with their controls (including payment).  It is inconsistent to
say that digital money can have persistent value and digital content cannot.
Both are information.  Both based on a common faith in a 'brand': either
the U.S. Treasury or Disney.  Same idea.
- Art
Art Hutchinson                                       hutchinson
Northeast Consulting Resources, Inc.     phone: (617) 654-0635
One Liberty Square                                 fax: (617) 654-0654
Boston, MA 02160

@_date: 1997-11-09 02:34:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Content controls 
X-Sender: hutchinson
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: hutchinson (Art Hutchinson)
The control technologies to which I referred earlier turn the lock/unlock
idea into far more than a binary choice.  This is what I meant by
"persistence".  The content cannot be used without its accompanying
control set (which again, *might* include payment).  Part of the control
set I may impose on anonymous viewers could include preventing them from
copying or saving the content directly in digital form.
This is counter-intuitive to those of us who are used to having cut/paste
available at our fingertips in most applications, but its relatively trivial
to disable these functions on a file by file basis.  Alternatively, I might
impose controls that permit anonymous users to see *only* lower reso-
lution versions. (by analogy, if you're going to wear a ski mask into a
jewelry store, you aren't likely to be shown the expensive stuff - if they
let you in the door in the first place).
If you were really determined, you could always take a photo of the
screen, re-scan it, do some image enhancement to get rid of the graini-
ness, re-save it and post it on your web page for all to see, (the
so-called digital-to-analog-to-digital work-around), but this is darned
Also, try doing that with music or movies.... while avoiding the roving
automated net 'bots that will be out looking for illegal copies of content
(these are already common).  Not worth it.  For most people.
If it were, we'd already have massive illegal scanning operations in
third-world countries, and plenty of demand for their wares.  Sure,
this exists, and may even grow a bit around the fringes, but this hardly
proves the case for a single vision of an anarchic Robin Hood future for
all content (Sell today else I rip you off tomorrow!!)
As a non-disclosed third party, I'm not at liberty to discuss the 'guts' of
either the Crytolope or Digibox technologies (though I have seen them)
Both are covered, as you might imagine, by a fairly extensive array of
active and pending patents.  If you want to learn more, I'd recommend
contacting them directly:
   (or their partner, Softbank NetSolutions)
- Art
Art Hutchinson                                       hutchinson
Northeast Consulting Resources, Inc.     phone: (617) 654-0635
One Liberty Square                                 fax: (617) 654-0654
Boston, MA 02160

@_date: 1997-11-09 03:14:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: S/MIME Mail Security WG approved - IETF 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Vin McLellan Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-12 02:20:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IE4 + FOOF = BWAHAHAHAH! 
Resent-Date: Tue, 11 Nov 1997 12:06:00 -0500
Sender: glen
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2447
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
what were the opcodes to hang a pentium again? -glen
Forwarded-by: "Per Hammer" Uhm ... "Whops" ? Not that we needed an excuse not to run IE4 anyway, but
hopefully this will further deter the "large corporations", who according
to Microsoft wants to "run IE4 on all platforms" ...
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-12 04:57:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
"Please, Br'er Fox, don' throw me into that briar patch!"???
Remind me not to lock myself up, all alone, with a bunch of live ammo and
almost no one to talk to but the internet, in an isolated hilltop
country-house-cum-cypherfortress, in the most liberal county, in the most
liberal state, in the world's last (crypto)socialist superpower.
I mean, Tim, I have to admit I'm just as nervous as the next guy about being
next to soft targets these days, but I almost find myself agreeing with
other people, people you would respect otherwise, who are saying that you're
making yourself the greatest friend that Reno and Freeh ever had. A
vertiable poster boy for statism if there ever was one. And so on.
I figure the state, particularly the guys who work at the pointy end of the
bayonet, is kind of like Mongo in "Blazing Saddles": You shouldn't shoot at
them, because it only makes them mad. Unless, of course, they start shooting
at you first, and you have no other choice. Which, by the way, *you're* not
doing, even though you assert the opposite. "Mooning the ogre" of public
opinion, as Stuart Alsop puts it, and forcing a showdown with people who
would normally not give a shit about you, isn't going to do you, or anyone
who agrees with you, any good. It's like spitting on a cop as he walks by
and then marvelling at his suprising ferocity when he beats you to a bloody
I mean, even the best Heinlien hero knows you don't piss off the bad guys
when there are more of them than you, especially when they know where you
And, frankly, I even disagree with Tim's analysis of the situation. It took
a long time, all the way from the treaty of Westphalia to the Declaration of
Independence, for the modern nation-state to finally overthrow aristocracy
and demonstrate its superiority in the allocation of force. After that, it
took less than a generation, with the French revolution and Napoleon, for
the nation-state to show all the really bad things it can do with that
I expect that, even with "net-years" and Moore's Law, it'll be quite a while
yet for the cryptoanarchy/Market Earth/geodesic society/whatever
"revolution" to finish, and, when it does, the result will probably be much
less violent than a SWAT raid on Tim's Way Cool Latter-Day
Farnham's-Freehold in the Santa Clara mountains.
What it'll mean *after* that, I leave as an excercise for the reader. Tim's
got just as good an idea about it as Duncan, or me, or anyone else with (in
my case, at least) a hyperactive imagination and too much time to use it.
Frankly, it would be nice to have Tim around to watch it happen, or at least
to think about it some more. If he's got nothing better to do, that is.
On the other hand, Tim, I suppose, there *is* Bosnia as a prima facie
counterexample, and I bet that *that* little fandango probably started with
a bunch of "freedom fighters" like the one you fancy yourself to be these
Frankly, if that's the model you want to follow, Tim, I would suggest that
you actually move somewhere where other folks who think like you live
already, instead of shoving your favorite Mac-10 up the nose of every
statist treehugger you bump into out there in lotusland. Maybe (ironically)
the "Blue Heaven" neighborhoods in Idaho, or somewhere in southeast Nevada,
or Arizona, or Wyoming, or Montana. I like the North Fork of the Flathead,
myself, but that's just 'cause the country's so damn pretty. "Amerika", such
as it is, is still a pretty big place.
I bet if you go to a place like that, where intellegent people appreciate
guns and freedom, you won't have to clean the snot off the end of your
gunbarrel so often, and, you might have some help when -- or if -- Mongo's
Minions eventually *do* burn their way through your steel-reinforced front
I also think using a nym for this kind of inflamitory stuff might also be
more useful, first amendment, or no. Write code, not laws, and all that.
Certainly the tools are there, now, and, if they're not to your liking, you
could probably build (or buy :-)) a few of your own. Even Patrick Henry had
um, common sense, about such things.
Finally, Tim, it seems to me like you've just gotten bored. You've figured
out how to work, and save, and invest the proceeds, so that now you're never
going to have to work again a day in your life unless you want to. Something
most of us, myself included, will never learn, I bet. But now, it's as if
you want to risk it all, and make your life, um, interesting, again, by, as
Kesey once said, "starring in your own movie".
And, it's a bad movie, Tim.  With all the good ideas you have about freedom,
and cryptography on free networks, and the way the world's probably going to
turn out as a result, not to mention the influence you've had on the way the
world thinks about such things, it's a shame that this particular movie of
yours has such a cliche', almost cringingly liberal, 1970's anti-hero in it,
ala "Marathon Man", or "Day of the Condor", or "Butch Cassidy". Or "Bonnie
and Clyde".
Frankly, I liked Lazarus Long, or even old Farnham himself, a lot better.
Hell, even a better, more libertarian (Nazi uniforms? Sheesh^2...), remake
of "Starship Troopers" would be preferrable to the scipt you've written
At least Johnny Rico walks away when the bugs are finished coming out of the
Bob Hettinga
Yes. It's 5.5 . Resistance is futile...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-12 06:28:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Tygar cracks SET (was Re: Freeware SET?) 
At Doug Tygar's talk at Harvard last week, he claimed to have found a way
to crack it. I, um, forgot to press him on this. Has anyone heard about
this, or what it might be?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-12 12:30:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
I call 'em as I see 'em, Tim. Actually, I would probably call what I said
there an "amateur psychological diagnosis". :-). Your mileage may vary.
That's what I get for indulging in the pseudoscience of psychology, I
I *do* know what an ad hominem is, however, and you missed on that one. I
should note that there are quite a few in your reply below, if you're
interested in further elucidation of the concept...
Anyway, I was stating, in the quote above, my opinion about the possible
cause of your sense of impending doom, doom which I personally find to be
unfounded generally (see the quote in my .sig, below, for details), except,
of course, in unusual circumstances, which you seem intent on percipitating
upon yourself.
Fair enough. However, in an era of no-cost "technology transfers" of
military training and hardware to your local police, of marines shooting
down shepherds who are in the wrong place at the wrong time and thinking
nothing of it, and of the entrapment and armed seige of people who knock a
few inches off a shotgun, the saying "the squeaky wheel gets greased" is
probably truer now than ever.
Remember my old Neitsche joke about the rabbits demanding their rights and
the lions asking to see their claws? You, Tim, or anyone else we know, even
those with arsenals :-), are but mere ferrets in comparison. In that case,
I'd say it's better to be more clever, and to avoid, than to try to
confront, the lions.
And so you do. Lots of people do. In this country, they don't go to jail or
dissapear or get killed for it as easily as they do elsewhere, but you can
bet it happens.
Particularly when they threaten, even in an elliptical fashion, the lives
of people like judges. :-). Mr. Bell seems to be our canonical proof of
that result at the moment, and all he did was threaten the tax man.
Once you have their attention, all it takes is one trumped-up charge and,
with armed resistance to that charge, poof... One more "armed extremist"
goes away, constitution, due process, or no.
Glad to know that you can afford the luxury yourself. Buy a few more, and
drive the price down for the rest of us. :-).
Clearly, the nosy nation state has replaced the nosy switchboard operator,
and, yes, the consequences are much more serious, and I think both should
be defeated by technical, and not legal means. I also think that privacy is
more economical than surviellance, especially in finance.
Meanwhile, on a *recorded* prison telephone line, a cocaine kingpin makes
$400million arranging dope deals, in traceable phone calls to *Medellin*,
with complete impunity. All because there's just too much recorded
information to monitor it all, even on only three little prison phone
lines, for Club Fed to process.
And, to make my point again, you can bet that *all* this guy's phone calls
are listened to now, even if he did turn state's evidence when someone,
someone who was not listening to his calls, mind you, snitched on him.
So, remember Mongo, again. *If* you get his attention, he *will* punch your
horse's lights out. And, of course, if you shoot him, you'll make him mad.
It's funny, of course, but Idi Amin was funny, too. The problem is being
able to laugh at these guys from a safe distance, which is hard to do if
they now know who and where you are, and they've decided they don't like
you anymore. Fidel reached out and touched several people in the US in the
late 70's, for instance. One was in DC, right under some apparent federal
Well, over the top, I'll except. It's what I'm good at, after all. :-).
"Nonsense" I would normally except also, but not in this case. Your first
ad hominem, by the way.
You've just threatened a judge in public, among other things, over the past
24 hours alone, and, even if you haven't done it "technically",
"technically" doesn't count when one of Mongo's bunch decides they have
"probable cause" to bust your door down, shoot their way in, and plant
"evidence" on your body. Or, more probably, like they did with the shepherd
kid in Texas, or Mrs. Weaver in Ruby, or Waco, or the preacher who died in
a no-knock here in Boston, they'll just say "Woops. Our mistake. Sorry.
Never mind."
Ah. Now *that* last bit was a genuine ad hominem. Congratulations. (Notice,
class, the direct attack on personal charactistics, without reference to
the merits of the argument at hand... Woops. So sorry. Double score, Tim.
An ad homenim, *with* a red herring thrown in. Score: 2 ad hominems, 1 Red
Actually, Tim, I think you *do* fancy yourself a freedom fighter. Certainly
most of us think of you that way, these days. Clearly your comments lately
seem to indicate it. You've made veiled intimations of impending
confrontation for, well, months, now, if not longer. Your attempt to get
arrested when Clinton went to Stanford this fall, something about hoping to
refuse to identify yourself if asked by Secret Service, I think, is a good
example of this. More recently, your thinly disguised threats against
anyone with authority to throw you in jail is the same kind of thing. I
don't think there's any doubt that you're trying very hard, at least in
your conversations on the net, to test that arsenal of yours some evening.
More to the point, I think what I said about Bosnia makes perfect sense,
even if I don't believe it's going to happen. The net result of a
population forceably homogenized for more than 75 years and then armed is
something like Bosnia. In the case of the US, we have a population which
was homogeneous and armed, then gradually disarmed and "diversified" with
various political policies and subsidies. Now, if you rearm those people,
or more precisely, they rearm themselves in attempt to keep themselves from
being disarmed further (your posting yesterday about the gun show was a
case in point), we could get another Bosnia, or Somalia, or whatever.
Clearly it's better to let Americans keep their guns, and stop trying to
"diversify" them.
I mean, Stalin went out and deliberately created these "ethnic" republics
where none existed before, (or where at least the czars had done a
reasonable job of repressing ethnicity for centuries before that) and we
all know what that "diversity" program did to the Soviet Union after
communism, and even to Russia today in places like Chechnaya. Fortunately,
lots of the former Soviet "republics", Kazakhstan, Mongolia (though not
officially a Soviet republic still a vassal state), etc., are pretty
stable. Homogeneous populations, again.
Maybe, at some point, Americans will realize that they're more alike than
they're different -- as anyone who's gone to Europe or Africa will attest

@_date: 1997-11-12 21:23:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Feh. A typo.
      ^ that, ^
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-12 21:05:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole (fwd) 
I meant no insult to ferrets. I like ferrets. (Yes, I know, you know
ferrets, ferrets are friends of yours, and I'm no ferret. :-)) In fact, I
used ferrets on purpose, because I like them, and mere was a direct
reference to relative size and nothing else.
Could you admit, that in a showdown between a ferret and a lion, the ferret
would be best served using his brain rather than his claws?
I knew you could...
Bob "Aseop" Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-13 00:51:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
No. I'm saying something more on the order of hanging together and not
hanging separately, if we have to hang at all. I suppose I was too obscure
earlier, when I said:
Meaning of course, when Patrick Henry... --- Oops, Thomas Paine, sorry,
transposed my patriots there -- first stood up to be counted, he did it with
a pseudonym.
Yes. He was jailed. And we still had the draft. And your point is?
Mine was that free speech is frequently honored in the breach in this
country. Debs, and all the others you're talking about, are proof of that.
Frankly, waving your Glock at the local sherriff and daring him to come
shoot you out of der MayBunker is not just free speech, it's, charitably,
grandstanding. Making a threat on the life of a judge, or even begging for
Washington to be nuked -- something you can't possibly do yourself -- is in
the same catagory of "will someone rid me of this priest",  or "but that
would be wrong", or the Castro assination exhortations which inspired Oswald
to kill JFK. In this country, it's all free speech, but that doesn't keep
you from getting impaled, "accidentally" or otherwise, on the pointy end of
the state, or public opinion, when you piss it off.
No, Tim. Your analysis is too simple, here. My point is, all John Brown &
Co. did was get shot up one afternoon in Harper's Ferry. They didn't help
the cause of abolition one whit. Same goes for Gordon Call, or even Timothy
McVeigh, and what they were trying to achieve.
In other words, standing in front of the bug hole all by yourself and
saying, "c'mon, put 'em up" doesn't usually work. Even with the guys on the
rude bridge at Concord, or the people massacred in Boston, or the "nest of
traitors" at the Old South Church, the American revolution wouldn't have
happened without the Continental Congress to raise money (questionable
methods or not) to pay the army. Hanging together, and all that, and more.
It was the only way at the time to organize force in such a way as to assure
success (however tenuous that assurance was when given).
And, I think, when *this* revolution comes, it won't be between the first
real nation-state and its aristocratic colonial power. It will be between a
new kind of power structure and the concept of the nation-state itself. It
*won't* be "give me liberty or give me death".  It'll be the nation state
devolving into a ceremonial entity, violently or not, just like the
aristocracy did before it, with all the real decisions being made in
efficient internetworked markets for anything which can be digitized --
which, of course, will be the only things that matter. Markets with perfect
pseudonymity, anonymous cash settlement, and all the other things you and I
both agree are coming. You call it cryptoanarchy, Duncan calls it
MarketEarth, I call it a geodesic economy, but we're all describing the same
elephant. :-).
Right. And you can expect that the government, as a self-perpetuating
entity, and not something which actually has morals and obeys even its own
laws, will come out onto that parking lot and squash you like a, um, bug, in
order to shut you up.
Amen. However, the beauty of strong crypto, and tools like remailers, --
tools which you inspired the creation of -- is that you can yell as loud
about injustice as you want, including calls for extreme rectification of
that injustice, with a modicum of confidence in your personal safety. After
all, the object is to make something happen, not just to kill yourself.
On the net, reputation is orthogonal to biometric identity, as we both say
here all the time. You don't *have* to go sit on a mountaintop and wait for
the powers that be to come up there and shoot you off of it in order to
speak your mind.
Now, Tim, if you want to make yourself St. Joan of Corralitos, or the John
Brown of Santa Clara, you're perfectly welcome to do so. I just don't think
it's going to get you anywhere, except maybe famous and dead. I also think
I've said all I can to you on the subject without repeating myself. I'm sure
you're in the same position yourself.
I suppose it's my own respect for you, because of the rest of what you say
on this list and elsewhere, and the things we do agree on, that causes me to
try to talk you out of this particular bad idea. I think a lot of other
folks agree with me. People who agree with you about everything but getting
yourself killed on principle when nothing tangible will be the result.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-13 01:41:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: SET 
Great. Thanks. Looking forward to seeing what you get.
Personally, I'm becoming convinced that SET is practically Ptolmaic in it's
complexity. You can get money from point A to point B, but you have to go
through a lot of epicycles to get there.
Transactional shovelware, maybe. Not unlike a lot of digital signature
legislation out there.
Unfortunately, I think that no MIS manager will get fired for using SET, and
it'll take a serious demonstration of a security breach before people will
listen to anything else. At least until someone demonstrates a transaction
protocol which is, say 3 orders of magnitude cheaper...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-13 03:36:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The Incredible Shrinking Tim, and e$lab 
Guilty. Too much data. Too little pattern. Of course, the definition of
"unhealthy" is always relative, especially in a pseudoscience like
Yup, Tim. That's it.
Me. Detweiller.
Same people.
"Movies. Laundry. Same thing." as the MoviePhone commercial goes...
Well, I think you've got me beat on the insult front so far in *this* little
bit of repartee, Tim. As for whining, I suppose it's relative. I mean, when
all you can hear is mortar cuncussions, I bet *everything* sounds like
whining. If you can hear anything at all.
Now, Tim. Are you *jealous* of my impecuniosity? I have to admit, I have
more fun than money these days, but things *are* getting interesting.
Fortunately, you seem to be making great strides to solve that problem you
have with our asset disparity... I guess chips on the sholder, mountaintop
fortresses, overwhelming firepower, and, someday, a team of defense lawyers
(if you live that long) are God's way of telling you that you have too many
assets and not enough people around you?
Well, fortunately, e$lab's doing fine without such sage counsel. We're
spec'ing the first product, hopefully by the end of this week, and, we're
hoping to announce before, of course, FC98 in February.
And, actually, you were right, and we listened to you. We don't *need* that
much money to bootstrap these first few products (the technology of
peer-to-peer internet transactions with a 3 orders of magnitude cost
reduction goal seems to work quite nicely on the investment side of the
balance sheet, as well), so we might not need to go the "hothouse" route at
all. At the moment, e$lab looks more like a good old fashioned
investment/trading partnership than anything else. And, I'll admit that
your stinging rebuke on the subject a few weeks ago got me thinking about
what I was doing and how to do it better.
Also, I wasn't asking *you* for money at all. I was suggesting that you
might want to put your money where your mouth was, technology wise, which
is what more of us should be doing. Those of us with money, anyway. :-).
However, if you've been saving it up shoot it out with John Law, and, if you
survive, to bail yourself out and skip the country someday to continue the
revolution from Bolivia, I think I see the grand design, now. :-).
I've already answered this in a post which crossed with this one, so I'll
leave this little troll alone.
Of course, Tim, in turn, I wish you would stop "whining" about how the end
of the world is neigh. You're sounding positively millenialist, these days.
Or, now that I think about it, you sound a lot like I did in college when
the Russians invaded Afganistan and, horrors, Ronald Reagan looked like he
was going to be elected. I thought all the bombs were going to drop the day
Uncle Ronnie got the button. At that point, I had too much reputation
capital (not to mention hashish :-)) and not enough people around telling
me I was paranoid, if not just stone batshit. I had at least 20 people
working with me on various anti-war projects, all thinking the way I did.
RDF=13, Data=0.
Learned what "Liberal Until Graduation" meant, I did...
So, Tim, in that vein, are you an anarchist until after the firefight?
Fortunately, I made my mistakes at an age when I could afford them.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-13 04:48:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: See brother Ralph, bash billg for free. 
See Washington before it burns...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: love
Originator: info-policy-notes
Sender: info-policy-notes
Precedence: bulk
I have mentioned this a few times before, but apparently some are not
aware. People who want to attend the Essential Information Conference on
Microsoft, and who do not have funding for the conference fee, can
easily receive a scholarship by sending a note to Donna Colvin, who can
be reached at dcolvin (fax 202.234.5176).  This is
available to anyone, including people who work in industry or
Conference info is on the web at James Packard Love
Consumer Project on Technology
P.O. Box 19367, Washington, DC 20036
202.387.8030 | fax 202.234.5176
love | --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-13 08:01:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: See brother Ralph, bash billg for free. 
Say hi to the plaintiff bar for us.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-13 15:09:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: John Brown 
I stand corrected.
John Brown not only started the civil war, but he also was the only reason
the union won.
"Movies. Laundry. Same thing."
The ganglia twitch.
The last guy who thought that kind of rubbish was Charlie Manson.
Helter Skelter,
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-13 15:17:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
The world's foremost pseudomystical relativist cited to support an
absolutist position. The logic escapes me. But then, logic, much less
independent thinking, was never Foucault's strong point.
True enough, but it doesn't follow from your Foucault quote very much.
Besides, I'd rather say "because it can be done, it will be done."
Especially if it's better.
Freedom gives you all kinds of benefits you don't get from totalitarianism,
including a more robust economy, and thus, the society it's founded on.
Yeah, I know. It smacks of utilitarian determinism, even, horrors, logical
positivism. So, um, shoot me, okay? :-). On second thought, don't. I'm not
the guy asking for a no-knock around here...
No, but that's not the point people are making about Tim. If you see a pride
of lions before they see you, it's probably a good idea to give them a
little room. It's not usually a good idea to walk up to them unarmed, and
scold them for being carnivorous. And, frankly, Tim's arsenal, against a
good entry team, is the equivalent of facing that entry team unarmed.
Shooting them only makes them mad.
However, to continue the above analogy, I know not why :-), if you're just
waiting for a Land Rover to come by, so you can get closer without the lions
eating you, I, personally, would call that prudent. Once ensconced in
Leyland's Finest, you can scold your lions all you want, because the
technology protects your foolishness.
So, by the same token, I would also say that if you're going to threaten a
federal judge with death on a public email list, it might behoove you to use
a nym and a remailer. Like you do, Monty. Using a nym and a remailer, I
mean, not threatening a federal judge. :-).
Yes. Fine. Tim has courage. God bless him. Hope he enjoys his firefight. May
the laser sights of his enemies never stay long enough on his motor cortex
to get a clean shot off. Etcetera.
Yes. I read it too, when it came out. Franklin was my favorite patriot.
Aurora was founded by his grandson(?), if I remember. The one who went with
Franklin to Paris, as a kid, right?
Right. And then Adams passed the Alien and Sedition laws. And then the
Supreme court took him out. Game over.
First of all, let's clear the air about this right now. The bit where I
is not me saying that I'm afraid that Tim is going to get us all sent to
Auschwitz-on-the-Patomac, or something. Far from it. It means exactly what I
said. That the situation *does* seem politically unstable at the moment.
Well, technologically unstable, anyway, with the rumored availabilty of
suitcase nukes, and a jumpy bunch of Feds almost hoping it's so, so they'll
have a few years more of the Cold War ricebowl to last them 'till
retirement. Winn Schwartau and the "InfoWar" boys are good examples of this
kind of dreck.
To return to the point, my actual concern, if you can call it that at this
point after so much haggling about it, is this now marginal feeling I have
that Tim's going to go piss on some cop's shoes and find himself with a 9
millimeter lobotomy one day. It, frankly, makes me feel sad. Tim's very
smart guy, and I've learned a lot from him, as I expect most people on this
list have.
All that, coupled with the "Final Days" pseudomillenial, well, literally,
FUD, that seems to pervade this list lately, finally brought me to my feet
out of lurker mode to call a spade a spade: The emperor, ladies and
gentleman, has no clothes. The sky isn't falling. The martians aren't
coming, and, face it, folks, the revolution ain't comin' at sunrise
tomorrow, romantic though it may be to believe. We aren't even going to have
Bosnia on the Bay next *week*, even if some people *do* want a little more
challenge in their lives than they're currently getting. :-). At the very
worst, all we're going to get is Tim and his local federales playing king of
the hill, probably with a resultant sinecure for a bunch of defense lawyers
and prosecutors. The irony of Tim, the putative anarchist, shooting his hard
earned asset wad on a bunch of lawyers is a sad one, to say the least.
Hogwash. What the conventional wisdom held, back in the 1790's, was a bunch
of neoaristocratic justifications for the devine rights of the state,
reminiscent of the devine rights of kings, and that George Washington, as
the victor of the revolutionary war, deserved as much power as he wanted.
(Sounds an awful lot like Napoleon, a generation later, who inherited a
similar post-revolutionary society, but one without any prior democratic
traditions.) By their logic, Adams, as his successor, was due the same power
that Washington "abdicated" when he stepped down after his second term.
Fortunately, a certain "nym" named Publius advocated the separation of
powers in the constitution, which created a supreme court, which used
Jefferson's Bill of Rights to shut all that crap down before it went too
far, modulo a little jail time for those who crash-tested the idea. Frankly,
the fact that the constitutional convention *voted* for the Bill of Rights,
or that the Continental Congress voted for the Declaration of Independence
before that, said more about the efficacy of 150 years of prexisting
decentralized personal autonomy in America than it ever did about
Jefferson's euclidean derivation of the rights of man, duly voted on and
approved in Philadelphia.
And, as I've said in another post in this thread, that's the point. The
technological conditions are right again, this time for the kind of
devolution from central authority that we had at the time of the American
revolution, but, instead of the formation of smaller nation-states, or even
Somolian clan warfare on the streets of Cupertino :-), I think that most
industrialized countries will just continue see the further replacement of
government control with economic forces. More freedom, in other words, all
because of the collapse in the price of information processing. The nation
state will become more ceremonial, not more dictatorial.
Really? Exactly how were they released then, when the Alien and Sedition
Acts were found unconstitional?
Again, I find the result more a function of the economics -- and not the
mysticism -- of freedom, than anything else. To be viciously blunt, here,
people live longer, and make more money, when they're free. That's why we
have freedom now. The cost of anything is the foregone alternative. When you
have a free society you forego misery. :-). I love progress.
Wow. Not a dry eye in the house. Here. Have a hankie, yourself.
Very eloquent, Monty, but it's still just mystical thinking.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-14 00:20:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Mad as Hell 
:-). Actually, Tim, I don't think it's dangerous, at least to me
personally, and to anyone else on this list, for that matter. What I said
was, you're counterproductive to your own cause (you could become a poster
for statism, as I said before), and, if you continued to directly threaten
the lives of people who had the power to hurt you, in public, with direct
attribution including your name, location, and email address, you,
personally, could wind up waking up very surprised one night, consitutional
free speech guarantee or no. Which would be a drag, because, as Monty and
everyone else here knows, you are the backbone of this list. :-). You've
taught all of us a lot over the years, but, frankly, this stuff lately
makes you look like you've lost it.
Though containing a little more due process in it than normal, :-), the
above is mostly the same as all the other public threats you've made
against people who whave many more guns than you do.
Frankly, I agree with what you're saying, to the extent that people who
make armed assaults against innocent people shouldn't get away with it.
And, further, I think that as more people speak out against it, with more
fact and less hysteria than you do, those making armed assaults won't do it
anymore. Heck, if people kept just more firearms in their homes, and shot
back occasionally, those armed assaults would stop. However, that's quite
different from what you're doing, which is more along the lines of "come
and get me, Copper". Top o' the morning, and all that.
Oh well. It's free country. Even hysteria's alright, I suppose, if you want
die for it by using your true name to do it. And, frankly, Tim, who's to
begrudge you your spot on the Brokaw show. You being Mad as Hell, and all
that. I mean, sure: "Tim May. John Brown. Same thing.", right?
I just don't think the apacolypse is coming on January 1, 2001, much less
this Thanksgiving, is all.
The sky is not falling. I agree with Gibbon, below. As attractive as the
conclusion is sometimes, the end of the world has yet to actually happen.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-14 00:20:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Fair enough. However, I'm sure that any average junior-college educated
"BATFag" agent, or whatever, would read that stuff exactly as you intended
it. As a violent threat against a judge. No amount of sophistical
gerrymandering of pseudolegal semantics after the fact will dissuade the
guys with the leftover NATO toys from showing up and leaving their own
calling cards, to quote someone here recently.
Speak for yourself, Tim. Actually, I think this entire argument of yours is a
red herring. To the extent that I, like most of the remaining members of this
list, stick around because you ocassionally say something very interesting is
not prima facie evidence of a "fixation" as you call it. Guessing at your
possible motives for doing some patently foolish things lately has become a
pretty good pastime among those who have read, and respected, what you've
written here on cypherpunks over the years. Call it armchair psychology, if
you want.
And the context of other comments within recent memory has been about
how much ammunition you have, how you've covered your property with sensors,
how you've reinforced various doors and windows, how you've put firearms
around your house, all just waiting for an eventual assault. All prudent
measures, mind you, if taken privately. And if you weren't also threatening
federal officials with their lives on a public email list.
Nope. You haven't. And I know members of the Cypherpunks Shooting Club, and,
while the AR-15 gag was a little silly, it can probably be chalked up to,
the um, irrational exuberence of youth, or something. :-).
I also happen to know that the person with the AR-15 bought it for personal
defense, probably brought about by the kind of quasi-millenial FUD going
around these days, and not to bring down the new world order or something.
I mean, some of my best friends are gun nuts. :-). I'd even let my daughter
marry one, if I had a daughter. Wish I could go out and play with a varmit
rifle, myself. I've read "Unintended Consequences" at the request of a gun nut
friend, :-), and it was well worth reading, if for all the gun lore alone.
Someday, it would even be nice to go shooting, if I can be trusted on a range,
However, Tim, *none* of those people you've mentioned, and, frankly, no one I
know of but you, has effectively broadcasted a threat to kill federal
officials, or, to interpret it charitably, a not-so elliptical request to have
federal officials killed, ala "Beckett". Or a blanket invitation to a midnight
fandango on a California hilltop, for that matter.
Yup, and it should be brought to people's attention, (like I'm pointing out
your present silliness),  paid attention to, and taken care of by saying,
publically, how silly, illegal, and draconian it all is. Calling for the
assassination of a judge won't get the job done, however.
Personally, I think the best way to stop all statist crap in its tracks is to
make it economically unrealistic to ban cryptography and anonymity, and the
best way to do that is with the widespread development and use of the
strongest possible financial cryptography. And, of course, the best way to do
that is to create internet transaction settlement protocols which are
so much cheaper to execute than any other way to move money, that they are
ignored at the economic peril of the country which tries to control them. I
find the fact that most of these transaction protocols, such as Chaum's blind
signatures, will prove to be cheaper *because* they're anonymous, more than a
little intriguing, myself. :-).
Nonetheless, whatever people themselves do to make strong crypto happen, it
sure beats wasting time with lawyers (ala EFF and CDT), and now, with this
Fortress Mayana adventure, guns. Well, offensive threats with guns, anyway.
(And certainly not, of course, with money, to drag Warren Zevon into it. :-)).
I seem to remember someone saying "Cypherpunks write code" around here, once.
That's because running code is a fait accompli. Reality is not optional.
Yes, Tim, I know. You've forgotten more about cryptography and software than
I will ever learn, and you're right. The fact remains, nonetheless, that
you're wasting that all that hard-won experience and information if it has a
9mm hole in it.
I have one question. Exactly what are you going to say, having made this
incredible prediction of your impending seige at Casa Timothy, when nothing
happens? Are you going to march into the local FBI office and demand that
they lock you up, or something? Exactly how does escalating a violent
confrontation with people who wouldn't care about you otherwise do anything
more than make them want to shut you up the hard way?
More to the point, exactly how does it speed the deployment of cryptography
and privacy?
"Ah", as an Irish friend once used to say, "there's that, isn't it?"
With, of course, as Tim ("we're just a mailing list", "anarchy is about no
leaders") May, as Maximum Generalissimo of the Revolution, or better yet, as
the Old Man on the Mountain?
Give me a break.
Yup, Tim. That's me. A slave.  Hold on? I've got a tattoo
on my forearm somewhere? Nope? That's right... they gave me an implant? I
know I have one, too? because at night? they *talk* to me through it?...
The ganglia twitch. Call it ameteur psychology, I suppose.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-14 00:54:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
Nit. It's not Bruce "CDA" Taylor. It's Bruce "Penis with a Blister on it"
A moniker assigned to Mr. Taylor for his continued repetition of the phrase
into a microphone, in order to drown the speech of someone on a panel with
him at CFP96.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-14 01:50:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fwd: Set Phasers to Stun. 
Resent-Date: Thu, 13 Nov 1997 12:56:52 -0500
Sender: glen
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2463
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Mark Stewart Forwarded-by: DarkTrick       1    NS  01 Nov 97 SET PHASERS TO SHOCK . . . (358)
           By PAUL GUINNESSY
Real life is catching up with Star Trek. Hans Eric Herr from San
Diego,California, has been granted a patent for a 'phaser' that uses
laser light to stun or kill.
Crude stun weapons called tasers are already available in the US. The
weapons fire two small darts attached to a wire. A pulsing electrical
current passes down the wire and stuns the victim by 'tetanisation'. The
pulses make the muscles of the victim contract in unison, rendering
them helpless.
The disadvantages of tasers are that they can only be fired once before
they have to be reloaded. They are also classified as firearms because
they fire projectiles.
One attempt to overcome the limitations of tasers uses a stream of
liquid that hits a victim with a 10 000-volt charge. This causes painful
muscle spasms in the victim. But the liquid can split into droplets,
breaking the electrical connection, and is hard to aim. Herr's invention
uses lasers to generate intense beams of ultraviolet light.
These create a path of ionised air down which precisely modulated
electrical current is sent. The currents can be manipulated to cause
painful contractions, stun a victim painlessly, or induce a heart
attack. It has a far longer range than the taser-over 100 metres-and the
beam can penetrate clothing. The phaser can also fire many shots before
it needs reloading.
Using ultraviolet light avoids legal restrictions on weapons that blind
with laser light, since it would take several minutes to damage the
retina with the wavelength of light used by the device.
A hand-held version of the phaser is not yet available because the
argon-fluoride discharge-pumped excimer laser it uses is as big as a
kitchen table. Herr is hoping that others will find ways to make his
device smaller and more powerful, as well as improve its range. He says
that any technically competent person would be able to build a phaser.
Steve Aftergood, a senior research analyst at the Federation of American
Scientists in Washington, says: 'At first glance it seems incredible,
and rather disturbing.'
New Scientist
Volume  156.   Issue   2106.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-14 03:31:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Mad as Hell 
Well, I certainly used two forms of the word 'direct', right there in black
and white, didn't I?
And, having just watched Nat Hentoff say on TV that a threat would be
something where you specified the time and place of some kind of violence
against a person, maybe your saying something like,
was *not* a threat against a judge?
Right, Tim, if you say so.
I expect that, in the legal, Hentoff sense, it's not a threat. After all,
you didn't specify a date and time, and you didn't even say you,
personally, were going to do anything at all. However, it's probably more
than enough reason for someone with too may kevlar coats back in the office
closet to trump something up and force a confrontation with you, just like
they did with Bell. Well, no. Bell's arrest was just a byproduct of his
car's siezure, like they said in the papers, wasn't it?
Nonetheless, it's  well within conception that, since everyone's breaking
the law somehow, that something you're doing or have done would be used to
cause a percipitating event, which you yourself say you would respond to
with force.
Astoundingly, it also seems like you're *trying* to create a confrontation.
You seem to dare to them to do something so that you can meet them at the
door, Mossberg in hand. "Please don't throw me in that briar patch", in
other words. For instance, just last night, you said,
It sounds an awful lot like Fort Apache, Corrolitos, to me, Tim.
Well, your "cause", whatever it is, certainly. I'm not sure, for instance,
that holing yourself up behind a steel-reinforced door with lots of fun
firepower is doing much for the spread of strong cryptography, I'll grant
you that...
Right. And when Thanksgiving day comes, Tim, and the no-knock doesn't
happen, or, even more interesting, nothing happens anywhere on Thanksgiving
day, what are you going to say about my "misinformation" attack, then? That
it "failed"?
Remarkable. You win no matter what, right? Prove to me that there is no
conspiracy? Or flying saucers, or whatever else?
Frankly, Tim, I don't think the Feds really care about you, or anything
you've done, to date. Or at least they wouldn't, if you weren't, like the
forest knight in Monty Python and the Holy Grail, daring them to hack off
another limb all the time.
It seems to me that, before this little interchange we've been in, where
someone finally stood up and said that the emperor had no clothes (at least
as far as kevlar outerware and the global conspiracy to destroy the
American Way is concerned) you would have continued to try to bait the
federales, imaginary or not, with inflamatory trolls like those above,
apparently in the hope that you could force a showdown with them.
Hell, maybe you'll actually make it happen, someday. I guess I won't be
surprised when it does. Or particularly care, even, given your vitriolic
reception the mirror in your face.
Um, well... Take a pill, maybe?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-14 12:45:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
I sure if you actually read what I wrote, you actually might find one or two,
and when you do, I'm sure you'll find while Tim far exeeded me in quantity,
that *my* ad hominae were *much* better. So? Are you flowcharting the
discussion as well? :-). (Though, I think if you did, you'd find that I'm
hammering his ass there, as well, which is probably why there's a little bit
more foam at the corner of his mouth than usual at the moment... Oops.
*Another* ad hominem. So sorry.)
Frankly, I find Foucault tiresome. Self-referent relativism is always
tiresome. Politically correct self-referent relativism is the most tiresome
If you lived here you'd be home now? Please.
And the point is, as it almost always is with Foucault, that meaning is a word
game entirely dictated by culture, and no culture is better than any other,
and, so, like I said above, "If you lived here, you'd be home now". The
effects of architecture on people is pretty much a fact, as I expect that any
prisoner of Auschwitz ("Arbeit macht frei"?) would tell you. Unless, of
course, you've seen the pictures of SS men herding prisoners using machine
guns with empty chambers and the safties on. That, however, is more a question
of ignorance than anything else, I'd say. Ironic, I suppose, coming from me,
who wouldn't know whether a gun had a round in the chamber, either...
Right. The judge made a decision that Tim thinks the judge should die for.
My point is not the fact of whether the judge committed an "executable"
offense, or didn't. It was that Tim made a thinly veiled threat. To wit, Tim
implied that the Judge should be executed for his court decision. I'm saying
that guys with associates' degrees in "criminal justice" would love any reason
to make Tim a new wife of one of their permanent jail residents after a, um,
crack, like that, and Tim, more to the um, point, seems to, um, up the ante,
by sauntering down to the the jailhouse and pissing on the guard's shoes.
Metaphorically, of course. :-).
Like I said before, it makes sense, but not because Foucault said it. Broken
clocks, and all that. Besides, Monty, I hate appeals to authority almost as
much as I hate ad honminae. I mean, Tim appeals to authority all the time, so
why should I? ;-). (Double score, for those of you who are keeping count :-))
Frankly, I believe that the two sentences above are exactly the same thing,
and you're making a false difference between them. I'll grant you that Tim
said what he did say on this list, however, and that what he really meant at
the time, only he'll ever know, but that it was pretty apparently a wish (if
not a threat, if you want to pull semantic hairs until one bleeds) that the
judge be assassinated, because a judge can't be killed, legally, for *any*
decision he makes. I expect that gunning the judge down in the street like a
dog would fit Tim's bill quite nicely.
And, again, Tim's simply wishing it so in public might make him elligible for
the jailhouse dating game, if not that hilltop fandango I mentioned earlier.
I'm quite certain, that since there's no legal way in this country to execute
a judge for making *any* decision, that Tim's "capital crime" is a thinly
vield reference to street justice, and nothing less.
Not the point. The point is Tim's implied threat of violence to a sitting
Me? Insult Tim? I meant everything I said, there, and, in my first post, I
meant it without any, um, malice aforethought. Tim is the one who seems to
take the facts so personally. And, if you haven't noticed, I keep repeating
the same point, though, Monty, you still don't seem to get it yourself: Tim
keeps predicting the end of the country as we know it, in some kind of violent
cataclysm, and, as if to precipitate that, he keeps saying outrageous things
in an apparent attempt to piss off law "enforcement" people, particularly the
ones with all the surplus military hardware.
Whether they listen to him, or not, is immaterial, though it may become
material if he keeps threatening judges with "capital punishment" for making
(admittedly stupid, if not scary) judicial rulings he doesn't like.
Those, Monty, are the facts, and they're pretty much indisputable.
And, Monty, here's another fact: the world isn't going to end on Thanksgiving
Day, much less at the beginning of the millenium. Armed storm troopers are
probably *not* going to decend on the denizens of this list and haul them off
to newly built gulags in the Rockies somewhere, or whatever the current
fantasy of the moment is.
It'll be the same old shit, on a different day. Though, maybe, the cost of
moving money will be a little lower from one day to the next. :-).
Okay. Here's where I cop to bad craziness. It's now time for me to fess up and
get my butt hammered like a gentleman. :-).
Maybe I was reading the Cliff Notes version. :-).
Well, to salvage what's left of my tattered reputation on this, :-), at least
I can take solice in what I said about 150 years of prior democracy being more
of a factor than legal fiat...
Sounds an awful lot like the guy who wrote the Bill of Rights to me. More in a
Mostly Madison, I believe, and, oddly enough, a protoge of Jefferson at one
Yup. There's that aristocratic will to power, and all that. Here a magna
carta, there a magna carta, everywhere a magna carta... :-). Meanwhile
everyone who worked for a living already knew they had a democracy disguised
as a republic, whether it was written down somewhere or not.
So it seems.
Right. Which is the only straw of prior argument I can hold onto in this whole
deluge. :-). I should have read my Cliff Notes better. ;-).
I don't believe that's right. I believe, if you check it out, that Jefferson
sent the Bill of Rights to the Constitutional Convention from France, and that
Madison, ironically enough, had a hand in getting it passed. The Bill of
Rights and the Constitution were then ratified together as a single package on
a state by state basis. Madison and Jefferson were on friendly terms
throughout the Constitutional process.
Unless, of course, "History Your Mother Never Taught You" says otherwise. :-).
Before he left for France, Jefferson wrote what I think amounts to the
Constitution of Virginia, which includes a bill-of-rights-like section in it.
I can't remember the document's name, but it's on Jefferson's tombstone as one
of his few self-acknowleged accomplishments.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-15 05:00:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Key Signing 
True confession time. Last March, when I was clearly still figuring PGP
out, while experimenting with a nameless Mac PGP crypto package (hint, it
wasn't built here on this side of the pond) based on 2.6.2, I accidentally
exported my private key and sent it to someone famous so they could sign
Fortunately, that person (hint, he knew PRZ, once, and got in trouble for
it) physically showed up to visit me where I was working at the time, and
stood over me while I genned up a new private key (I went to 2048 then) and
revoked the old one, talking all the time about how many ways he could do a
dictionary for the passphrase... I was feeling pretty stupid until he told
me that PRZ did the same thing, back when they were playing with the
original version of PGP. Actually, I still felt stupid after that.
Believe it... or not.
So, anyone want to bet that this key was done the same way?
Except, how was Bill able to change the passphrase if he didn't know the
old one?
Curiouser and curiouser...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-15 13:20:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fwd: RNC/Lister's Calls Marines "Dangerous", "Extremists" 
I'm sure you all saw this in the newspapers and on TV.  The media were on it
like..., well, like media in pursuit of Democrats.
I don't know why I thought of Re: Br'er Tim....
I was sure Bob's mother taught him better than to get into a pissing match
with the business end of a sewer.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-18 08:42:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: trusting untrusted platforms 
Ding! You rang? Welcome to Random Acts of Kindness, Inc. Our motto: "You never
know when we're going to make your day!"...
Ryan, if you get airfare to Anguilla somehow, we'll find a way to put you
up and feed you. And comp you your conference badge, of course. *But*, you may
have to work (some) for it...
Thank you for playing "Be Careful What You Wish For"... :-).
By the way, the FC98 organizing committee has decided, it appears, that we
can't fight mother nature, much less celestial mechanics, and we're probably
(it might mess up a lot of people's schedules, which is why we say "probably"
right now) just going to skip conference sessions on Thursday so people can go
park a boat (bring lots of dramamine, the waves start in Africa) off
Montserrat(!) or wherever, to see the total eclipse. We're probably also going
to mount an organized (such as it is) official FC98-sanctioned expedition
to do it.
Now, exactly *how* far can a pyroclastic flow go out to sea?...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-18 08:53:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mission:Critical and Informal Fallacies 
I've been writing a gigantic e$ rant, :-), which I haven't done in a while,
and so I've left things to pile up in my POP account until I was done. I'm
done, and I'm still bashing the (blatant :-)) silliness out of it, and will
send it here soon.
In the meantime, I wanted to find a quick and dirty list of informal
logical fallacies, and, while I was at it, I bumped into Mission:Critical,
which is fairly comprenensive website on logic an critical thinking.
Evidently you can earn college credit on it, for those of you who need
college credit. :-). Here it is.
Also, I've found a reasonable list of informal fallacies, from
, (which see for applicable
attributions) which I've appended here. That way, you can all keep score at
home. Expect me to use a bunch, whether I want to or not... :-). Notice
that argumentum ad hominem is when you discount someone's opinion because
of who they are or what they do. Vuperative insults, it seems, are another
thing altogether.  :-).
It's a shame that Tim seems to have killfiled me at this point. Usually, I
like it, because then I can post stuff here without him tearing me a new
asshole very time.  This time, since I'm doing the tearing, maybe he's just
hiding. Which is fine, because he can run, but he can't hide on this crap
More in a bit, when I get e$pam all caught up.
Bob Hettinga

@_date: 1997-11-19 05:55:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Invasive interface 
On a somewhat related issue Eduardo Kac from the Chicago Art Institute
last week sucessfully implanted a microchip under his skin.  This is
much more of a "dumb" chip as it simply can report back an ID number
when queried and doesn't really have any sensing or processing.
However, it is notable because it was done by a non-medical individual
on his own accord and at least shows that implants are becoming a more
accessable to the common person.  Now only what to do about that
heatsink...  More info here:
-Eric Paulos
  AO>  Date: Mon, 10 Nov 1997 14:49:57 -0500 (EST) From: Lee Campbell
  AO>   Subject: Re: beyond wearable
  >> My wife's uncle just got a pacemaker.  It's a new design; it
  >> listens to his heart, runs signal processing algorithms, and
  >> decides if his occasional arrhythmia is present; if so it takes
  >> over control of his heart muscles; the rest of the time it sits
  >> idle and lets his heart be controlled naturally.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-19 05:53:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Mission:Critical and Informal Fallacies 
Patience, yourself, Grasshopper. :-).
I've been *working*, Tim, for actual money. Mostly. (I *knew* you'd be
happy for me.)  2 articles, (one for Russian publication (ooooo!), one for
a Mac (hisssss!!!!) internet magazine, on the effect of cryptography on
markets and on cryptography policy, respectively, a meeting with someone
who, out of the blue, offered to shop for e$lab money on a trip to New
York, and a bunch of FC98 stuff.
Oh. And a, um, 41k e$ rant. :-), which, I think, just counts for posting to
cypherpunks, I'd bet. Heck, it's even mildly germaine to what's left of the
charter around here...
Now, I'm starting to thrash the inbound e$pam traffic after 4 days. So,
it'll be *real* interesting to see exactly how useful (ie worth sending to
my subscribers and paying sponsors) your "posting" to this list has been
the past few days.
Hint: if the past year's been any indication, not much, not since you've
regressed to your youth and joined the Weather Underground.
So, smell ya later, chief. Then, you can tell me, yet again, just exactly
which way the wind's blowin'.
Just don't forget your coat, while you're standing there in the breeze...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-19 05:57:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [cpe:4545] Mission:Critical and Informal Fallacies 
I think you've contradicted your namespace there at least twice. Certainly
not enough entropy for cryptographic purposes... Try again, please. :-).
Got me again. I read the Cliff Notes.
Here, I'll use the proper spelling in a sentence: "Vituperative, aren't we?"
Oh, well, that's what I get for thinking faster than I type these days. ;-)
I suppose that beats the alternative, eh, Mr.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-19 08:54:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Snakes of Medusa on Wall Street? (fwd) 
At 3:14 pm -0500 on 11/18/97, Jim Choate shows the benefits of being on the
top of a CDR address stack :-) :
Nope. Check it out. As defined in any decent book of American history,
well, maybe one that hasn't been too "revised" :-),  the "Great Awakening",
which gave us most of our American-flavored religions, happened in the
early part of the 19th century, though rumblings started shortly after the
I'm saying that I think you're confusing the Renaissance with the Great
Awakening. :-). BTW, Emerson, Dickenson, Whitman, Thureau, etc., were part
of the same ideological outpouring which, in the theological arena, was the
Great Awakening. A lot can be said for the view that this was American
Romanticism, as Chopin, Byron, the Brontes, Austen, etc., were all
happening in roughly the same couple of generations. Later, like libertines
and enthusiasts throughout history, they became extremely repressive. We
eventually came to call them Victorians. (Sound familiar, you baby boomers?)
Okay. I have to go back and look now, I woudldn't be surprised if you're
right. Anyway, there were two Transylanian nobelmen, father and son, and
one, the impaler was, among other things, called Vlad, son of Dracul,
which, I think, gets you Dracula, but I'm not sure. The Teppish part sounds
like it's more right, now that you mention it. Maybe we're looking at Vlad
Dracul the father, and Vlad Tepish, Dracula, (son of Dracul)?  Oh, well, as
I said in my rant, the cost of error is bandwidth. :-). Someone here
probably has all the, um, gory details...
I don't think so, but I haven't thought about it much. I'd hate to get into
a recursive regress when a simple opinion will do. ;-).
I think a little further on you saw what I was getting at. I meant, in the
above, "most atomic", as in most atomic of the three. I would be hard
pressed to turn that into "absolute" atomism of any sort. :-).
Good question. Mostly, I was starting from small bits, opinions, and
munging them together into bigger coherent bits, influence, and then adding
persistance, reputation.
I think I could argue for multiple simultaneous sources of the same opinion
pretty successfully. :-).
I think this sums up Socrates' "Right Opinion" statement pretty well. Have
you read Plato, by chance? ;-). Folks later called this the Mind/Body
problem. How do we know what we think in here is what we see out there,
etc. Big problem in philosophy. Science solves it to most people's
understanding of it. Or mine, anyway.
However, again, I'm just talking about opinions, and, as you've noticed,
not about truth. :-).  I said later on in the rant that when we got to
science, that that was better. With science, we got as close to "truth" as
we're ever going to get, asymptotically closer, but not to truth itself. We
gave up on Aristotle's First(?) Cause, what *is* something, because we
admitted we'll never know. But, frankly, it doesn't matter. Science gives a
way to keep getting *closer*...
Maybe, but remember my smart crack about hueristics. It's all we've got, in
any practical sense. We can't just go around testing every opinion we hear,
more than once, anyway, :-), and, frankly, most of us just take other
people's word for things, especially if we respect their reputation. :-).
Remember the story about Gauss, who, in the middle of some guy's
announcement that he'd discovered the normal distribution(?), said
something like, "Oh. I did that already. Years ago.", and everyone believed
Gauss, even though, I think, he never proved it? I'd bet that Gauss *did*
discover the normal distribution, but the operative function there was
Gauss's reputation/influence, because he'd been right so much before. A
hueristic: Gauss is usually right, so he must be right here, too. (An
appeal to authority, for you informal fallacy counters out there... :-).)
Well, actually, it's more about how to make replicable results, I'd say.
The "how to ask questions" might come from a theory (brought about by
observing reality with replicable results), and the creativity of the
And, my understanding is that at the core of that is the replicability of
experiment. And the predictivity of theory, of course.
How to make the results *profitable* is what engineering is... ;-).
I'm not sure how that differs with what I'm saying, though.
Woops. I used the "T" word inappropriately. Sorry. I agree with you
completely. Scientific truth is, as I've said before, a non-sequitur to the
extent that science is about how to make replicable experiments and
predictive theory. It's not "truth" at all in the Aristotelean sense.
Which, by the way, helps me out with my bit about perception and opinion,
above, I think...
Glad you figured this out, too. (see above)
Cool. I'll go for that...
True enough, there is such a thing as negative influence (TM) ;-). I'll
take action and opinion as part of influence for the time being.
Well, since I don't know how to define one in terms of the other, I won't.
How's that?
I don't think so. a line goes through a plane. If it doesn't intersect that
plane, it only appears on that plane at a single point. If the line's
curvy, and it goes through a bunch of other planes parallel to the first
plane, then, whether it's squiggly or not, the more planes you have data
from the better the resolution is on your picture of the line. That's the
point of the analogy, there. You can get the functional equivalence of
concordance, and thus identity from enough data. Kind of a "motherhood",
but there it is.
Besides, even though I'm talking in geometry here, it's still just a
(twisted :-)) metaphor. I said I wasn't trying for mathematical rigor,
because I don't have a mathematical handle on the problem, and probably
never will, unfortunately.
Still, I think the idea of opinion/influence/reputation/identity as linked
this way allows you to think about it better.
Or at least it helped *me* think about it better, anyway.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 01:48:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
This is a red herring. What I said about Foucault having a single right
opinion out of an otherwise ungainly pile of dreck has nothing to do with
whether or not you should cite him as an influence.
Frankly, with most philosophers, you have to spend so much time reading and
rereading what they say (Kant is a good example) that you have to choose
who you read a little better than that. That is, life is too short to read
some philosophers. :-).
I suggest that you read Foucault's actual philosophical works yourself,
instead of his for-public-consumption essays, and see how far you get
before throwing it against the wall. Most of my opinions about Foucault are
from people, like, say Bloom, who say Foucault and the whole crop of French
"Resenters" are a waste of time. If you don't like my use of secondary
sources, get over it. I read what interests me, just like you do.
Agree to disagree then. I say you're splitting, um, doghairs at best.
Tim can make it as "repeatedly clear" as he wants after the fact. However,
he has, on several occasions, made threats against people with more guns
than he has, and, sooner or later, they're gonna squash him, and his aims
won't be any farther along than they were before he decided that he was
some kind of freedom fighter in defense of our rights. To take a page from
his book, I didn't ask him to.
Frankly, I really liked him a lot better when he made sense.
I think other people have answered this, and the next few things you've
said this post of yours, much better than I have.
However, Monty, you're just being an apologist for someone used to make
sense about how the world works, who still has his moments of lucidity, but
who has gotten increasingly radicalized and militant at exactly the same
time the world is figuring out that his earlier thinking on freedom, on
cryptography, on the net, and on a whole host of other really important
stuff, was right.
It's almost as if Tim keeps trying to top himself, with some newer and more
grandiose claim about the impending collapse of the world as we know it. It
just ain't so. The world don't work that way.
Another red herring. Of course, people should educate themselves about
freedom, and know how to use the tools of freedom, including firearms, and,
now, cryptography. That lots of people don't know how to, is of course, a
drag, if not evolution in action.
However, to say that they're coming to take us all away on Thanksgiving, or
anytime soon, is more than a little paranoid, and, to attempt to force a
confrontation in hopes of preciptating a revolution, or even gratuitous
publicity :-), is, frankly, the act of a loon. As Rocky said to Bullwinkle,
"Aw, that trick never works!"
Cool. Why don't you point me to the sources on this one, Monty. Let's see,
two independent sources who same thing should be enough. Ones that don't
quote each other would be preferrable. :-)
Oh, Monty? Don't give me that tired old crap about media conspiracy,
either. That trick never works, either...
Prove to me it didn't happen?  Wait, there's a list of informal fallacies
around here somewhere. Want a copy. :-).
And your gloating condecention is *manly*? Sheesh...
Well, spank me dry. That's what I get for having a public eduction, I
guess. Here I thought all along Madison knew what he was talking about,
with that constitution stuff. Clearly the entire constitution is actually
Hamilton's fault. :-).
That's nice, Monty. Your cite is 9 years after Jefferson and Madison
corresponded during the constitutional convention about the bill of rights,
however, and, as far as your quote above, I see nothing there about Madison
himself subverting the constitution, though I'll take your word for it.
But, Monty, be careful, you're pushing fair use, here. Might as well copy
the whole book to us, or something. :-) So, exactly how much *do* you make
on commission at Amazon for copies of "Aurora"? ;-).
This is rich, from someone who gets such enormous mileage from just one
book. So, just for fun, I popped into AltaVista (not even the world's
greatest search engine anymore, how the mighty have fallen; I like Dogpile,
at the moment) and gave it "Jefferson wrote the bill of rights" and got
this back:
 , which of course
only has one sentence about Jefferson and the bill of rights. :-). I leave
permutations and combinations of the search terms to the student as an
irony still holds, I see...
Meanwhile, oddly enough, I *do* trust the author of the URL's source on the
subject. Unless, of course, he/she/it forgot to read "History Your Mother
Never Taught You", or something...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 01:46:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Mad as Hell 
C'mon, Duncan, you know you're equivocating here, and you know better.
Tim says we're going to war. He says that a judge commits a capital crime,
by whatever definition he, or you, choose to use. Most people, and it
doesn't have to be you, or me, or even Tim himself, would call that a
threat, and, in the above case, against a judge. "Most people" especially
includes those folks with aptly-named "criminal justice" degrees, too much
military hardware and not enough understanding of rhetorical nuance.
*That's* the kind of threat Tim made, and the kind of people who will
interpret it.
At this point, I guess, it's moot. Tim can bay at the moon all he wants. It
is, after all, a free country. "Consider it evolution in action", as Tim's
favorite Pournelle quote goes.
But, up until he made that remark, I still had some respect for him. What
he said there was the breaking branch which turned loose this entire
landslide of disrepect for him on my part. As far as I was concerned, he
crossed the border into loonyland, and I decided to call him it. "Call a
spade a spade." Or a loon a loon.
Now, frankly, Tim still says stuff here worth reading, but I'm finding,
more and more, that other people say the same things I used to hear him
say, and they say it much better. At the moment, I expect, someday, to put
him in my own killfile, just like Chrispin, or Vulis, or Detweiller/Nuri,
or even poor Phill Hallam, who can't help himself ;-), just to keep me from
going off on him like I did this time. I'll try to restrain myself a little
bit better in the meantime.
No, he said that war was coming, and that a sitting judge had committed a
capital crime. You figure it out.
Watch your attributions, there, Duncan. Tim's the one who needs to take a
pill, not me.
I'm fine. I *was* mildly apoplectic, but I feel *much* better, now. :-).
I agree with everything you said there, Duncan. All of it. Except the part
where Tim, metaphorically or not, calmly goes out into the street one nice
afternoon and throws rocks at cop cars to get their attention about how
fascist they all are.
That's not revolution. It's the act of a loon.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 02:42:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: PGP 5.5 Freeware 
X-Sender: wprice
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
Yes, a freeware version of 5.5 for Mac and Win32 will be available later
today from the PGP, Inc. website.  Since Linux 5.5 isn't ready yet, we're
distributing source for diffs between PGP 5.0i b8 up to the final 5.0 UNIX
release.  Meanwhile, all the source to the Win32 and Mac versions of 5.5.2
is about to go to press.
The version number of the freeware going up today is 5.5.2 as we've had a
couple free updates since the main release of 5.5 Business Security.  The
freeware version contains information on exactly what the differences are
between the Freeware, Personal Privacy, and Business Security editions of
the product.
Will Price, Architect/Sr. Mgr.
Pretty Good Privacy, Inc.
555 Twin Dolphin Dr, Ste.570
Redwood Shores, CA 94065
Direct (650)596-1956
Main   (650)572-0430
Fax    (650)631-1033
Pager  (310)247-6595
Internet Text Paging: PGPkey: --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 02:42:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [Fwd: *DLS Lecture -Robert Morris - NSA - Tomorrow*] 
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Richard Lethin Return-Path: Received: from life.ai.mit.edu (life.ai.mit.edu [128.52.32.80])
Received: from LCS.MIT.EDU (mintaka.lcs.mit.edu [18.26.0.36])
Received: from hq.lcs.mit.edu by MINTAKA.LCS.MIT.EDU id aa27207;
          19 Nov 97 10:18 EST
Received: from [18.49.0.239] (bronte-mac.lcs.mit.edu) by hq.lcs.mit.edu
        assistants mas-students
        support eecsfaculty
        dchamber wmurphy
        Kenneth_Burrell/CAM/Lotus vijak
        CMCampos Stephanie_Leung
(Please excuse multiple posts)
*SEMINAR ANNOUNCEMENT ******************************
MIT Lab for Computer Science 	Distinguished Lecturer Series
Thursday, November 20, 1997	Lecture, 3:30pm
Location 34-101		Refreshments, 3:15pm
50 Vassar Street, Cambridge
Robert Morris, National Security Agency, Retired
Protection of Valuable Information
Over the past few decades, there has been a considerable shift in the area
of protection and exploitation of valuable information.  In the past, the
relevant skills were exercised by governments to protect or exploit
military and diplomatic information.  Nowadays, much of the interest in
information protection is by individuals wishing to protect their
privacy and by organizations wishing to protect their financial interests.
Here are the questions that come up that are worth some thought:
- does the breakup of the Soviet Union significantly reduce the
exploitation of U.S. Government information?
- has the world wide spread of ATMs (Automatic Teller Machines)
led to a great deal of electronic theft - and, if so how are they
- is cryptography more important than careful handling of information
and is cryptanalysis more important than burglary, bribery, and
Host: Ron Rivest
for the DLS season schedule check out
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 05:24:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Snakes of Medusa on Wall Street? (fwd) 
X-Sender: dweightman
For Heaven's sake, guys, there were _two_ religious revivals by the name of
the 'Great Awakening'. One in England, early 18thC., most prominent
product: John Wesley & Methodism. The other in this country, at its height
in the 1840's,  with the Church of the Later Day saints as _its_ most
prominent product.
Don Weightman
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 11:07:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: This judge needs killing 
Nice try, Tim.
Frankly, if you, or Paul Bradley, want to stand up and call for the death
of anyone, a federal judge, or the President of the United States, or the
Pope, for that matter, you're welcome to do so. Have fun, you crazy kids...
You just sound like loons, is all, and, at some point, you're going to piss
someone off who'll have less brains but more guns than you do, and enough
lawyers after the fact to make it all stick. My opinion, of course. Free
speech, and all that. :-).
So, no, Tim, I don't believe that the mellenium is here, that the Forces of
Darkness are building in the shadows, much less going to Thanksgiving
dinner at Uncle Tim's house.
I think that they're just as fucked up as they always were, Tim. If we keep
making progress, and, barring some major silliness you or I can't even
fathom, progress in cryptography is practically an economic necessity, now,
they'll continue to bluster like some charging rhino or something, but they
can't hurt anyone who's paying attention and has the proper tools.
So, boys and girls, do you think you can stay out of the way of a very
dangerous cornered animal? Well, yes, probably, by very dint of the fact
that *you've* cornered it. However, if you think it's necessary to either
prove your bravery by tempting it to give you an ad hoc rectal exam, or
worse, by ignoring it (no one here's guilt of that, I bet) then you're
welcome to try to survive your case of testosterone poisoning, but don't
say I didn't warn you...
We have only the example of Jim Bell to remind us that when you bang on the
gorilla's cage, you should expect to get shit thrown in your face. Yes, I
saw what looks like Tim's repost of my "coalmine" message go by, and I
don't think my opinion of Bell's situation has changed since then, but I've
decided to shovel Tim's dreck FIFO, for the time being, to keep better tabs
on it.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 11:09:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Straw. Camel. Back. Loon. Major Attack.
Ahhhh. Fine form I was, too. You shoulda been there, Tim... Upf! You *were*
weren't you, you devil, you...
*I*'d think so. I have the finest education that the nation-state can buy.
I love state schools, don't you, Tim?
Marvellous. Hettinga. Detweiller. Same thing. Yeah, right, Tim.  Like I
mail bomb the list with humongous screeds about Tentacles of Medusa...
Opppppssss. Um, Anonymously. I mean...
Oh. I get it. Detweiller's *more* creative than I am, so, then...
Sigh. Well, gosh. Looks like ya got me, there, Tim. Detweiller *is* more
creative than I am. I'm crushed, I have to tell ya...
Ah, c'mon, Tim "New Wave" was 10 years *after* when I learned to write like
this. I came up in, you know, "the worst era of American Education since
the invention of the Public School," remember?
And, ladies and germs, another point of Tim's wanders off into the sunset,
in search of cute little barnyard animals...
Ooops. Sorry. Heh... Lost my train of thought...
Actually, I think we've handled the definition of "Ad Hominem", already
(wait, there's a list of them somewhere... Oh, you've got it? Cool.). I'd
call what I said, "needless vituperative insults", wouldn't you? (Wait,
I've got a definition of "vituperative" somewhere... Never mind? Okay).
Just feeding you back your own bullshit, Tim, and I've learned from a
master. Reap what you've sown, Bunky.
Like this terse little missive I'm replying to? Please.
However, if you are, maybe it's because you're at a loss for words. Maybe
it's becaue you can't write anything new anymore? Black Helicopters got
your toungue?
I remember someone as much as a year ago, talking about how there aren't
any more long essays on cypherpunks anymore. Oh. And someone else, a few
days ago, saying something about how I wasn't posting? And now here, before
I even took a *break*, you say I'm writing too *much*?
The ganglia twitch...
Everytime you throw a little crap at me, I park a dumptruck full on your
front lawn? Fine by me...
Ah. Good. They were meant to be skimmed. The subliminal messages will kick
in at 12:02 pm, Thanksgiving Day. You'll have this uncontrollable urge to
stand naked on on your front porch, with your arms outstretched exactly 1
inch apart, so the local sherrif's SWAT-Auxillary can handcuff you and take
you to your new mate in a county jail somewhere...
Enormous ones. Absolutely. Damn straight. I used to think you were a
grandstanding, name-dropping vituperatively marvelous son of a bitch, Tim,
and I used to *love* your opinions.
Now, however, *my* opinion is that you're just a loon. Big difference of
opinion, there, did you catch it?
Tim, Tim, Tim. To you think I would squander my reputation capital on just
*anyone*?  I *Love* you man...
No, Tim. You threatened a judge. Frankly, if I hadn't called you on *that*
little episode, you'd probably have said worse, by now instead of denying
up and down that you didn't say it, and, sooner or later, you'd have pissed
off someone without the "proper" educational credentials, and an
"inapprpriate" desire to play soldier. Thompson, Tim. Thompson. Don't take the master's name in vain. Heck, he'd
probably call me a Fucking Statist, like you will, soon enough. Anyway, my
writing not nearly tired as your "there's a [statist] under every bush" is
anymore, Mr. Welch.
However right *those* guys might have been -- and, frankly, *you* were,
until you started predicting the Immediate Destruction of the Republic,
film at eleven. Or deciding that you're going to start the revolution all
by yourself.
 *Frankly*, Tim, I think it's awfully *selfish* not
having your *friends* there to help you stand at the barracades. Oh. Tim? One more thing.
My writing style, or lack of it, has nothing to do with the fact that
everything I said, in your bad paraphrasing of that quote of mine up there,
is stone cold truth.
Right back atcha, Tim. To paraphrase you yourself said to me, "Get over it."
Or, was it, "Get a life"?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 11:08:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
At 12:52 pm -0500 on 11/14/97, Tim May kept shovelling it out:
Nope. It was fiction. Jingoistic :-) fiction, but fiction nonetheless.
Helps if you've sold 100 million books or something before the fact.
Frankly I didn't get that far into the story, because the way Clancy
planned to take Wall Street out made me laugh out loud.
Blow-milk-out-your-nose funny, especially if you have even the most
rudimentary financial operations experience, which is all I have. Financial
science fiction written from the viewpoint of an insurance salesman is
always funny, I guess, as we'll learn in a product announcement around here
someday, I bet...
You, on the other hand, Tim, have not sold tens of millions of books, but
you did say that war was at hand, and, in the very next breath, you
threatened a very specific federal judge by saying he committed a "capital"
crime. Whatever "capital" means. Not that it matters, of course, after all,
it's just "vermin control", right?
And, no, Tim, not once have I suggested that what you did was a crime at
all. In fact, I have consistantly said it could just be *treated* as one by
anyone with sufficient motivation to do so, whether you were apprehended,
or jailed, or tried, or convicted -- or not. And "not" in this case, as Jim
Bell shows us, can be an interesting set of results...
Finally, and to the point, I don't say that what you said then is
immediately going to get you a stay in Club Fed somewhere, but that your
continued escalation of this kind of stuff makes that a probability, and
that it looked to me like you were doing it on purpose in order to provoke
a confrontation of some kind, God knows why. I still believe you'd still be
escalating that bizarre silliness, instead of backpedaling with all this
equivocation, if I hadn't called you on it at the time.
And, finally, I *don't* believe the world's going to end in some
state-sponsored cataclysm, for you, for me, or for your favorite official
vermin, just because the technology of strong cryptography over ubiquitous
networks makes vertically integrated hierarchical entities like
nation-states economically obsolete someday.
Even if it happens all at once, which it can't. Even if that day is maybe
sooner rather than later, which would be nice but probably not anytime
soon. Even if it's the Millenium, or even Thanksgiving: a day which, of
course, is ludicrously too soon for anyone's revolution anyway. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-20 11:11:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Tim plans to kill a federal judge 
At 8:10 pm -0500 on 11/14/97, Tim May, Weatherman, made the wind blow again:
Awwww, poooor *Timmy*. Did I decline a latin noun you didn't under*stand*?
I'm soo sorry...
(Hey, speaking of ad hominae(?) I'v got this great list of informal
fallacies... You've seen it? Oh. Okay. No, that's not one. I'll show you
Hey, there's an echo in here! At least I have the common courtesy not just
to cut and paste my replies, Tim. :-). You wouldn't want me to cut and
paste my previous reply to your snappy synopsis, would you?  I didn't think
Actually, I don't see a *single* ad hominem in up there. Let's fix that,
shall we?
Let's see if I can use a few choice ones here, just to give you a flavor
for what a *real* ad hominem looks like:
1. Tim just hates PGP because he's invested so much in RSA and he's a pal
of Jim Bidzos.
(Hey, Don't look at *me*, I only know what I read from anonymous character
assasinations posted to cypherpunks. Besides, RSA's cool by me, they're
FC98 sponsors, and I've even talked to Ron Rivest a couple of times...
They're sponsors until they read this, anyway. =:-O. This is probably an
unsubstantiated rumor, anyway. Can't possibly be true. I mean *I* don't
believe it, do *you*?)
Anyway, notice that the reason I gave, Tim's investment in RSA and his
friendship with Bidzos, has nothing to do with his stated reasons for
disliking PGP these days, whatever those reasons are. Thus this argument
has no merit because it doesn't address Tim's points about the usefulness
of PGP's software, say.
2. Tim just hates Japanese because he's a white european male.
Not because, of course, any direct refutation of Tim's stated reasons in
his discussions of Japan, whetever they were. I, um, skimmed them and then
threw them away. ;-).
3. Tim hates Latin because he doesn't know any.
Not, because, as evidently stated above, he finds it pretentious
("hoity-toity" is something he says a lot that might apply here) enough to
mock with quotation marks. Or whatever. A correct refutation of Tim's would
be what terrible mockery of a fine old dead white language his comments
are, and why would Tim be so crass as to insult it, etc.
Um, take a pill?
(See? There *is* an echo in here... Isn't there?)
Meanwhile, Tim's duping text this time, some 30 ignomineous lines of it
:-(, which he ends with a single sentence:
Ah, there's that, isn't it? Actually, I don't have basic ignorance of
Foucault, though my ignorance of Foucault *is* quite close, and by choice,
Tim. And, I would wager, if *you* actually read Foucault, *you'd* wish you
had quite close to basic ignorance, yourself... :-). (Anyway, this is all
handled in another post, so I don't want to let the echo get too
recursive... Wait... There's that echo again. Isn't it?).
But, from the above quoted reasons, Tim concludes,
Which doesn't exactly follow from the last sentence, does it? Sort of like,
If a, then b
if b then c,
therefore d,
which is about the grade I'd give for this kind of logic...
I would not at all be surprised if Tim really wished I would, so he'd end
up in the morning papers, or, or test out his "sensors" and his AK,
Nope. Sorry, Tim, I'm not your co-star this Dog Day Afternoon...
Ah. Speaking of backpedaling. And, on the central point, no less, whether
or not you made a threat on a federal judge. "Constitutional opinion",
indeed. Too bad you're not using coaster brakes, Tim. You might have come
to a complete stop, by now...
Notice that this is not simply whether Foucault is a moral-relativist,
namby-pamby-candy-assed, politically correct socialist resenter, who you
yourself would line up and shoot (constitutionally, of course) at the first
opportunity. If you read his stuff.
Nor is it simply whether Monty knows how to read a book he's reading and
type it into mail messages. (At least *I* have the courtesy to do my own
book reports at length -- and at more length :-) -- in my own words without
having to play human xerox machine. Ooops. I am. I do. With e$pam, I mean.
Well -- never mind. Can I, um, backpedal that?)
The point is that Tim, here, is equivocating on that very um, evocative
statement he made which started this whole episode to begin with. The very
central fact of this whole argument.
Which, in case you haven't noticed, I'm winning. :-).
Yup. Okay.
So, Tim, why don't you tell me exactly how a sitting federal judge, who
made a decision he's legally entitled to make, silly or not, under the
constitution you liked so much as little as a year ago (or less, if memory
serves), is the same kind of person, deserves the same $.25 round in the
head, as a rich guy who slit his wife's throat and got away with it because
he has the best lawyers money can buy, or a government goon who shoots a
woman holding a baby in probable cold blood, or a, um, Freedom Fighter ;-),
who blows up a few hundred people one sunny morning?
I'd love to hear this. Constitutionally, of course.
Oh. Right. One more thing. This is also a far cry from someone who, as
little as a year ago, was disgusted and appalled when someone here made the
offhand remark "let's put a round in the head of this discussion"...
The ganglia, um, twitch...
Especially since he's your number one apologist and lapdog these days?
Spare me. I expect he'll go away once he pisses you off. Or vice versa.
Given your lack of command of your tongue these days, which see this whole
discussion, it shouldn't be too long...
Shades of the e$ rant I was writing at the very time Tim wrote this. Short
answer: They can if they just spend money, Tim, but they have to be
careful. Wow. Content. I'm having so much *fun* tonight...
Why, thank you Tim. I'm honored. While you're at it, why don't you post the
LAT/LONG of your house in a reply to this exact message, so the Black
Helicopters don't have any trouble finding you on Thanksgiving?
Actually, Tim, I think you think of yourself as Helen of Corralitos, the
man who launched a thousand conspiracies. ;-). "Will no one rid me of this
judge?", which, constitutionally or not, looks like a threat to me.
Especially if I was a certain judge...
See other posts in this vein that I've written tonight. I won't repeat
them, as you are wont to do.
So much for all this new posting you're supposed to have done, Tim. Looks
like the same old same old to me...
May doesn't bother with style, much less Latin. :-). Must be his physical
science training.
See, Tim? Both yours and mine are ad homin*ae*. Very *good* Tim.
I'll boot your D up to a C-...
Though, ah bet yew cain't boss yer meskin help fer shit with a command of
ro-mance language like the one yew have...
Take heart, however, you've still got me beat. At least you *have* Mexican
help. I mean, I've got all the education, and you've got all the money,
right? But, that's okay.
Because, when the revolution comes...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:14:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Call for Papers: The 3rd Mac Crypto/ internet commerce workshop 
Precedence: Bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Its that time again folks.
I am starting to put together the 3rd Mac Crypto/ internet commerce workshop.
The dates should  be around the last week of Jan 98, most likely at in
Apple, Cupertino, (unless something changes)  This year looks like it will
a really
hot ticket.
This years goals are to:
1) Provide a place for developers to learn how they can embed crypto
support into thier MacOS / Rhapsody products today.
2) Give developers a chance to show off some of the work that has been
done in the past year.
3) Plan what needs to be done and talk about product oppertunities.
4) Give the developers a chance to tell Apple and other vendors what
they want to see in the future.
to see what we have done the past two years,  please check out the webpage at
 . I should be posting a preliminary schedule,
formal announcements and registration  form shortly.
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 3F903472C3AF622D5D918D9BD8B100090B3EF042
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:13:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Nobuki Nakatuji 
You am what you is?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:52:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Good recent books on encryption, privacy, etc.? 
X-Sender: ddfr
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
I am getting ready to teach my seminar on Computers, Crime and Privacy
again, and wondering if there is something new that I should substitute for
_Building in Big Brother_. Are there any recent books that have a
reasonably accessible treatment of encryption, the controversy over
regulation, etc.? For that matter, are there any good recent books on
computer crime?
I may end up simply substituting in a lot of URL's, but I thought it was
probably worth including some old technology as well, if available.
David Friedman
Professor of Law
Santa Clara University
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:08:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: State Department Advisory Group 
I'm surprised they don't want a sperm sample, too.
Ooops. That's right. Sexism...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: aboss
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion The meeting of the State Department Advisory Committee on Private
International Law Study Group on Electronic Commerce will be held from 10am
to 5pm Monday December 15 and 9am to 5pm on Tuesday December 16 in
Washington DC.
The meeting will be held at the Department of State, Conference Room 1107.
Use the 21st and D Street entrance.
To expedite admission for those of you wishing to attend, please provide
your name, affiliation, address, telephone number, date of birth and social
security number by close of business, Wednesday, December 10.  Please provide
this information to the Office of the Legal Adviser (L/PIL), Department of
State, Suite 355 South Building, 2430 E Street NW, Washington DC
20037-2800, fax 202-776-8482, or by telephone 202-776-8420, attention
Rosalie Gonzales.
Hotel Accommodations:  There are two hotels that have agreed to offer, on a
space-available basis, rooms at the government rate ($108/single;
128/double).  However, you must advise the hotel when making arrangements
that you are a State Department invitee and that the government rate should
be applied.  They, in turn, will contact the L/PIL to verify
(authenticate?) that you are on the list of attendees, so please make sure
that you have followed the procedures in the previous paragraph.
The two hotels are the Windham Bristol Hotel at 2430 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
(walking distance to State and two blocks from Foggy Bottom metro)
[202-955-6400; fax 202-955-5765] and the State Plaza Hotel at 2117 E Street
NW (across from the State Department) [phone 202-861-8200; fax 202-659-8601].
Hope to see many of you there.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:52:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: HAYEKWEB: M Friedman Interview on Hayek & The Road to Serfdom 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research C-SPAN 'Booknotes' Interview with Milton Friedman
on Friedrich Hayek and his _The Road to Serfdom_.
On the Web at:
 "Booknotes Transcript
Author: Milton Friedman
Title: Introduction to F. A. Hayek's "The Road to Serfdom"
Air date: November 20, 1994
BRIAN LAMB: Dr. Milton Friedman, why did you choose or why did they ask
you to write the introduction to the F. A. Hayek "Road to Freedom" 50th
anniversary ...
MILTON FRIEDMAN: ""Road to Serfdom"."
LAMB: Yes, that's your title on your book. Why did you do it?
FRIEDMAN: The reason they asked me was very clear, because Hayek and I
had been associated for a very long time, in particular in an organization
called the
Montbelleron Society that he founded. The charter meeting was in 1947 in
Switzerland. Hans Morgenthau, who was a professor at the University of
Chicago when I was there, a political scientist, when I came back from the
meeting, he asked me where I had been, and I told him that I had been to a
meeting that had been called by Hayek to try to bring together the believers
in a
free, open society and enable them to have some interchange, one with
He said, "Oh, a meeting of the veterans of the wars of the 19th century!" I
that was a wonderful description of the Montpelleron Society.
Well, Hayek and I worked together in the Montpelleron Society and we were
fostering essentially the same set of ideas. His "Road to Serfdom" book, the
you have there, which was published 50 years ago, was really an amazing event
when it came out. It's very hard to remember now what the attitude was in
1944-45. Throughout the Western world, the movement was toward
centralization, planning, government control. That movement had started
before World War II. It started really with the Fabian Society back in the
19th century -- George Bernard Shaw, the Webbs and so on. But the war itself
and the fact that in war you do have to have an enormous amount of government
control greatly strengthened the idea that after the war what you needed was
have a rational, planned, organized, centralized society and that you had to
get rid
of the wastes of competition. That was the atmosphere.
Those of us who didn't agree believed in what we would call a liberal
society, a
free society -- 19th century liberalism. There were quite a number of us in
United States and in Britain, but in the rest of the world they were very
indeed. Hayek's idea was to bring them together and enable them to get
and encouragement from one another without having to look around to see who
was trying to stab them in the back, which was the situation in their home
LAMB: The New York Times put on the Op-Ed page your introduction to this
edition. Do you know why they did that? What got their attention?
FRIEDMAN: I can't answer that. You'd have to ask the people at the New York
Times. On the whole, they have in the past not been very favorable to these

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:04:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: H.R. 2991 The Electronic Commerce Enhancement Act  (fwd) 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Frank Sudia ---------- Forwarded message ----------
Rep. Anna Eshoo (D-CA) and Rep. W.J. (Billy) Tauzin (R-LA) have introduced
the Electronic Commerce Enhancement Act (H.R. 2991), which would instruct
federal agencies to make versions of their forms available online and
allow people to sign the forms using digital signatures--the online
equivalent of written signatures.  At present, only some government
documents are available online, and most agencies accept only physical
signatures to verify the authenticity of forms sent to them.  Rep. Eshoo
serves on the House Commerce Subcommittee on Telecommunications, Trade,
and Consumer Protection, which is chaired by Rep. Tauzin.
Rep. Anna Eshoo
Rep. Billy Tauzin
Daniel Bennett
Technology Liaison
Rep. Anna Eshoo
308 Cannon Building
Washington, DC 20515
(202) 225-8104
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-23 13:52:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Seeing Both Sides 
I find this particularly interesting in light of my treatment on this list
the past week or so. I point out that Tim threatens a federal judge, and
all shriek apostasy. I never knew there was cypherpunk orthodoxy until now.
It's vaguely refreshing to watch. Makes me feel positively radical.
Yes, but I'm not sure that people with a moral handle on their universe
can't see in shades of grey. I just said that relativism is, fundamentally,
an idiot's philosophy.
Ironic, isn't it? If I had kept my criticism of Tim anonymous, I wouldn't
have to shovel out from the gales of protest, to mix a metaphor like a dead
Oh, well. Persistance breeds character, or some such Neitchean platitude.
However, I refuse to be shouted down around here when I'm right.
Armageddon ain't here yet, folks.
Hell, 1984 is still behind schedule, and, frankly, it'll never happen,
because the PERT chart for it is a spaghetti bowl, and because people are
out there, right now, writing code instead of putting a few hundred rounds
a week through their ARs and Glocks, holing up in the mountains, throwing
(metaphoric) rocks at the local gendarmarie, and keeping their lawyers on
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-23 13:59:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
Homework is for wimps. :-). I work from memory almost all of the time, and
everything I say here can be classified as my opinion, and nothing else.
Most of the things I state as fact are correct, when you root around on
them a bit, like Choate did with the Great Awakening stuff. When I'm wrong
on my memory, like the Aurora stuff, I freely admit it. Usually, I try to
write myself in some wiggle room, which I should have done with Aurora,
because I clearly didn't know what I thought I did about it.
And, frankly, I'm too lazy to go look it up when I'm just spewing a rant to
cypherpunks for my own entertainment, and the occasional witch trial. :-).
If we were doing science around here, Tim, or I, or you, wouldn't have
anything to say.
Check the archives :-) for Tim's comments on how thought out a post on this
list should be. :-). Actually, I'm very serious. Go look.
I appreciate your charity. I *am* friendly, for the most part, as people
who've met me will probably attest.
Nope. I know exactly when I'm insulting, and, when I write it, I don't care
if some people are insulted. See above. I do like to poke at people, a bit,
just for fun, though I try to let people know that I'm kidding them
somehow. I may feel cause to moderate myself later, of course. Which is a
good thing, too, because I *like* to shoot from the hip, and I *do* take
out people in friendly fire accidents on occasion.
A little more complicated than that. I was born a John Birch Republican
(Pop helped found the El Paso chapter). Mom was one of those Republican
women who volunteered for, and finally ended up running, other people's
campaigns. She ran Alaskan Congressman Don Young's phone bank in his first
campaign almost 30 years ago, and he's still there. Teenage rebellion in
the mid-70's made me a liberal in high school, and in college, I've joked
about being a LUG (acronym overloading noted): Liberal Until Graduation.
(Yes, Wolfe and Thompson were my favorite authors, at the time, and it
shows, Heinlein, E.E.Smith, Pournelle, and other right-libertarian science
fiction authors are my other writing influences, mostly in childhood.)
Working for a living, particularly for Morgan Stanley when the market took
off in the early 80's, cured me fast of confiscatory government and
spending other people's money for a living. I've spent most of my time
working for, as Tim puts it, "hoity-toity" financial institutions, like
Fidelity, and Citicorp, though for the past few years, I've devoted most of
my time to thinking (which means writing, which is how I think, most of the
time) about the effects of financial cryptography on the net, and, as Tim
rightly says, not actually having a *real* job. :-).
I credit this list, and the eloquence of people like Tim, and Eric, and
Perry, and Duncan, and John, and Nick Szabo, and all the other people I
can't but should remember right now, for driving the last nail in the
coffin of my belief in any government at all. I think, eventually, that the
state will have the same power the church has now. Which is only as much as
we want it to.
Thanks for your extensive wisdom, Dr. Freud. Sheesh. Maybe *you* need a
job, yourself? ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-23 13:52:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: Snakes of Medusa on Wall Street? (fwd) 
We're probably close to the same age. I graduated from high school in 1977.
I love pigeonholes and labels. :-). Most of them are right, and you can
alway change them if they don't work. Paradoxically, I do agree that
shoving people into meaningless pigeonholes is, of course, stupid. Race is
one, but, for some reason, age cohort isn't, for me. Go figure.
Again, I'm just plugging things into categories here because it helps me
think about them better. I think opinions may, like memes, originate in the
heads of individuals, but they get passed around.
Gotta remember that the Mind/Body problem originated two millenia ago.
Again, I think a combination of ideas starting with Bacon and ending in
neuroscience, killed it off rather nicely. I'm willing to be disabused by
someone who's actually studied the problem lately, though.
Okay. However, there is a *direction* of inquiry, the thing which drives
science, which, I say at it's heart, is a quest for truth. To know how
things work, if you want to put it that way without using the "T" word. :-).
I.E. That they're replicable? I'm not sure that's different from what I said...
I think your definition is more refined than mine. I'm saying that
heurisics are rules of thumb. Stupid brain tricks, if you will. Opinions,
and the manipulation of opinion are bound up with those rules of thumb.
Recursion is fun stuff, isn't it? :-). Sure. Respect is also related to
influence somehow.
I think this is my point. The Null Hypothesis versus H1, and all that. You
have to have an opinion about what's there before you try to test it, and,
of course, decision rules to validate that test.
This is where my use of the word heuristics, said in anger :-), gets me
into trouble. Heuristics means "common sense" to most people. Rules of
thumb works, but it has a slightly different meaning...
Yes. Okay. Repeatability I can also equate with observability, particularly
if other people can get the same data in their observations. :-).
I stand corrected. I'm reminded of the various breakeven points in fusion,
i.e., scientific, engineering, and, finally, economic. :-).
Good point. I understand what you're saying here, and I'll think about this
some more.
Certainly, science helps us with the fact base, and even the theoretical
base, of determining what's bulshit or not. However, when it comes to
things as nebulous as influence, and, as a result, reputation, things can
get subjective quite quickly. Resources, like you said, have to do with it.
"I'll take Jim's word for it" makes for a useful decision rule, a lot of
the time, whether we admit it or not.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-23 14:01:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: the art of fighting without fighting 
I'm wading through this queue of all this cypherpunks mail about me on a
FIFO basis, when I have the time to do so...
Criminally liable to the extent that some guys with uniforms would bang on
your door someday about it, yeah, probably. Whether your lawyers could get
you out of it, is a matter between your lawyers and theirs, Tim. Certainly
if you show up at the door and, um, put a gun up someone's nose, you'll
have a harder time arguing your case in court. :-).
Besides, I think you're just doing all this to *get* that knock on the
door. Which, I guess, is your own business.
However, I reserve the right to criticize you about it, because, frankly,
when you're not looking like you're grandstanding, you look like a loon,
It's amazing how much of this I agree with. It's what I meant at the
beginning, with the "soft targets" remark, before I started to tear you a
new asshole for being such a yutz. Clearly, someday, some idiot is going to
frag a major city on principle. Hope I'm not there when it happens. And,
when it happens, I'm obviously in the wrong part of the country. :-).
And, again, I don't think Abu Nidal, etc., *is* listening to you at all,
Tim, but I bet in your finer moments, you hope someone like them will, and,
if people *won't* pay attention to you, then you're going to get closer and
closer to *making* them pay attention to you, even physically, someday.
I expect that you're going to force a physical confrontation with the law,
with almost the same certainty that some idiot will frag a big city someday.
At this point, I'd consider it evolution in action. However, I reserve the
right to call you a loon for it, Tim, because, when you talk like that, you
*are* acting loony.
No. I believe that you have the right to say anything you want. So do I,
modulo the occasional charge of cypher-apostasy. :-). I'm not saying that
you should keep your mouth shut, Tim. I'm pointing out that you're
threatening a federal judge, and some people won't take kindly to that. Jim
Bell is a prime example of what happens, and I'll talk about that in
another post.
Word to the wise, in other words. If you want to martyr yourself, it's your
business, I guess. I just think it's a waste of your talents, and I think
you're inspiring other people to waste their talents as well. Kind of like
putting Oppenheimer or Von Braun in a trench.
The war, if it ever comes at all, and, frankly, I your think delusions of
impending civil war are exactly that, ain't gonna be fought, much less
start, in Corrolitos, Tim. Get over it.
That, of course, is a crock of shit, and I won't dignify it with any other
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-23 13:54:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Bob Hettinga's attention surplus disorder 
Er, thanks. I think. Makes me sound like an ibogaine-crazed Barbie doll
with an AK... :-).
Sure. Glad to talk about it. Well, yes, Ritalin is an amphetamine, isn't
it? I was thinking about going on actual dexadrine in time release form,
but, what I figured out is that while amphetamines made me rediculously
productive, they also made me a real grouch. I've heard that tricyclics
like Prozac help with that, but, eventually, I decided that knowing I had
ADD was probably the most important thing to gain from the whole
I haven't been on medication for ADD for at least a year, maybe 2? hard to
remember. (I can hear the howls in the peanut gallery now :-)) Frankly, I
don't have the attention span to keep up with all the ADD stuff, and the
novelty's worn off, now. ;-). I've also developed coping strategies for
dealing with it pretty well, I think.
Sorry to dissapoint, then. :-). Actually, I think that I'm just catching up
for all the writing I *haven't* done in the past 8 months or so, with
FC97/98, e$lab, e$pam, DCSB, etc. I've been very busy, and I didn't really
notice that until I sat down and deliberately started to write stuff again.
As far as amateur psychopharmacology or psychiatry is concerned, you should
remember that ADD is more about not controlling one's attention than it is
about having a deficit thereof. People with ADD can focus for for extremely
long periods of time on something to the exclusion of nothing else. It's
called, oddly enough, hyperfocus. :-). Now, I may be accused of that in
this particular case, but I think it's actually the result of *not* writing
anything for a while which is the cause, and not because I'm playing in my
medicine cabinet. Sorry to dissapoint.
If anything, it's maybe the opposite of attention at this point. I've had
to work very hard at saving all the fun calumny I've gotten here lately, in
order to respond to it when I can give it the proper time. And attention.
Hey, that's what the delete key's for, right? I write, like everyone else
who writes, because I like it. Most of the time when I write, other people
like it. Sometimes, people don't. Life is hard.
Try another one. Though I do appreciate your apparent concern for my mental
well being. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-24 05:43:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Seeing Both Sides 
At 12:41 am -0500 on 11/23/97, Tim May lobs a low, slow one, right over the
Actually,  ya yutz  :-), it's exactly *why* I wrote it, if
you notice the time of my posting.
Shooting is a good skill to have. I wish I had it myself. However, I have a
lot more respect for Vinnie, putting in practice at the range -- a firearms
instructor who shoots not only for self protection, but because he likes it
*and* is good at it (as you probably noticed) -- than I do for you, someone
who's on the verge of joining a militia somewhere, though not because
you're shooting per se. There's a difference between being ready for a
confrontation involving gunfire and going out and causing one, which you
clearly seem to be trying to do lately. The former is good sense. The
second is, of course, the act of a loon -- oops, "Freedom Fighter".
Interestingly, those people who are most interested in starting a
revolution are also the people who want to be in charge when the revolution
is over. cf., Townsend's "Don't get fooled again", and Radovan Karadzic. Is
that *you*, Tim?...
If attacked under the proper conditions, like, say, at Concord, fighting is
a real good idea. :-). If you read interviews with people at the time, and
not, say, 50 years later after several historical revisions, those folks
defended themselves more because an occupying army was marching up the road
straight at them, threatening their lives, limb and property, than for any
political consideration.
That and the fact that they actually had the military wherewithall to slow,
and apparently stop, that army. :-). Being a near-frontier society, where
people still used a, um, geodesic, force architecture :-) to fight bandits,
and had at least a memory of dealing with marauding indians that way, paid
off handsomely. Texas and the Texas Rangers were an analogous situation
with the Commanches, for instance.
Concord is clearly proof that Britain didn't understand that they couldn't
control America anymore and acted on that misinformation. It was *their*
problem, as the revolution bore out.
And, frankly, as a member of a congregation whose church was broken up for
firewood as a "nest of traitors" during the occupation of Boston, and,
having done some myself once in a while, I'm no stranger to the fun and
games of good old fashioned rabble-rousing, something this list seems to
excel at these days. But, the point is, if someone went out alone, in the
middle of, say, occupied Boston, and started shooting, they'd die, and
everyone would call them a fool. And, no, I don't think that modern
Corrolitos, much less Boston itself :-), is the equivalent of occupied, or
even pre-revolutionary war, Boston, either.
Finally, as far as code is concerned -- or even *talking* about
cryptographic technology and what it can do anymore -- the irony of what
*you* do all day, Tim, versus what Vinnie does, is of course, rather
I'll answer the rest of your post when it crawls to the top of the dreck
pile, like all the rest of them...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-24 05:43:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) (fwd) 
Don't you just love the smell of ozone in the morning?
:-). What? Me? Reputation? I *thought* I had one around here somewhere...
Anyway, I'm not so sure about your above assertion. We can quibble about
*which* great awakening it was I thought was the first one, of course, but
you yourself posted the facts which bore out what I was saying to my own
satisfaction, and, I'd bet way past what most anyone else around here who
cares about the discussion, would say, as well.
Close only counts in horseshoes, hand grenades and cypherpunk rants?
Yup. You're obvious evidence of that. Congratulations on all of your
accomplishments. Enjoy your smug self-satisfaction. Clearly you must have
earned it...
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-24 09:13:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Further costs of war 
Wasn't the 16th ammendment the result of the constitutional challenge of a
Spanish American War tax? Or maybe it was used to fund whatever progressive
stuff TR was up to at the time. It seems to me that, from the Spanish
American War until the ammendment's implementation would be a reasonable
timeframe to get an ammendment effort underway, passed by congress, and
ratified by the states. Given the popularity of the war, it wouldn't
surprise me if a tax implemented to pay for it would have gone down so
I know that the income tax was first attempted as a temporary measure in
the Civil War, without much compliance, I bet, given that was a book entry
tax being tried in a predominantly cash-settled bearer certificate economy,
and, that, when they tried to do it again, sometime in the Third Great
Awakening :-),  the Supreme Court struck it down.
Of course, all the pseudoconstitutionalist claptrap about the 16th being
unconstitutional is, of course, that. The constitution's what the Supreme
Court says it is, unfortunately.
Doesn't mean the damn thing shouldn't be repealed, though there's fat
chance of that. Oh well. Fortunately, we can fight back with digital bearer
settlement. Someday. Soon, I hope.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-25 23:57:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Further costs of war 
This has nothing to do with "infallibility" at all. It has to do with facts
on the ground, Monty. The supreme court has its power because enough people
with guns say it does. (Whoever those people with guns are. :-))
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:07:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Another blast from the past 
All perfectly legal, and probably would have been fun, had I the disposable
income or time (both of which seem to be mutual exclusive, in my life :-))
to do it...
Especially when the judge hasn't, and especially after making vieled
intimations about Dark Times To Come, the War Being Almost Upon Us, "Lock
and Load", and all that other cruft.
BTW, I have found that most people who go around saying "Lock and Load" all
the time are posers who've never actually had to in anger, or, if they
have, they're too old to remember how, anyway... :-/.
"Semper Fi", on the other hand... :-)
Nope. This Little Bunny Rabbit has teeth. Grrrrrr... :-).
Nope. CryptoAnarchy Rulez, d00d... Doesn't mean I'm going to go bang the
gorilla cage at the local precinct to go make it happen by, um,
I seem to have answered this previously. Twice, now.
Now, *that*'s an Ad Hominem. *Congratulations*, Tim. (Did you read my list
of informal fallacies? I found one, you know. I even posted it to the list,
somewhere. Check the archives...)
Yup, it seems you'd rather do it in the comfort of your own home...
You keep throwing these low slow ones, Tim, I'll keep "blasting" them.
Maybe you should have your arm looked at. Is it bursitis? *How* would you
get *that*? ...oop... Never mind...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:02:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: quotes2.htm#During-the-War: 
Woops.  Saw this one last night. This one's actually written after "Common
Sense". It's from "On the Present(or American?) Crisis" or something, which
was actually written in camp, just before Washington crossed the Deleware
and started his first counteroffensive. See? The People's Television
Network's good for something. Clocks right twice a day, and all that...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-26 08:05:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Canarypunk: Jim Bell in a coalmine 
Frankly, Tim, I expected a whole lot more intelligence, and less vehemence
(well, maybe I didn't expect less vehemence :-)) in all this, and the
following is a perfect case in point.
At 1:11 pm -0500 on 11/19/97, Tim May cites the exception which proves the
rule in a feeble attempt at historical revisionism:
Wow, Tim. You're trying to cite this as some kind of *counter*example? It's
like you didn't even *read* the above in your following comments. You did,
didn't you? Are you deliberately making this *easy* or something?
Oh, well, here's my answer, anyway. :-).
Which is: Fine. All of the above makes sense to me. Still.
The people who committed murder at Waco and Ruby Ridge *have* committed a
capital crime. It just hasn't been proven in a court of law. Yet.
I'm saying, above, and again here, that if they break the law (notice what
I said up there about the *legal* sword cutting both ways) it's time to put
them in jail. That's still completely doable, even in the cases of the
people from Waco and Ruby Ridge who have gotten off so far. It'll just take
longer because our nation-state is in the hands of freedom-hating liberals
instead of, say, libertarians or somebody like them. People still win these
kinds of legal fights decades later, because they're right, and because, in
the end, the truth usually wins. Reality is not optional. All it takes is
determination. And maybe some money.
I'm also saying, above, that it's time to start fighting back, (legally, if
you notice :-)) when the government comes to harrass and jail people just
because they're talking about using cryptography, and, it seemed to me that
Bell's case was as good a time as any to start doing it. In other words,
"Bell's in jail. Fine. People should do what they can to get Bell out of
jail. Even if we don't like Bell."
Frankly, what we've done, myself included, hasn't been good enough, if
anyone around here crying 'apostasy' has probably noticed. Bell has sat in
jail, without bail (or anyone to bail him out, for that matter) the entire
time, and, bless his loony heart, he's probably "ratted out" half the
internet by now, and whether they believe him or not remains to be seen.
That sucks. It shouldn't have happend. To the extent that anyone doesn't
help, or at least doesn't get the truth out, they're just as responsible
for Bell sitting in jail as anyone else is. Yeah, I know. Collectivist
nonsense. Sue me. :-).
More to the point, it's still stupid, as Tim insists on doing, to try to
provoke a violent confrontation, or by threatening federal judges, or, if
no one pays attention to him then, whatever else he can think up. Frankly,
that's the kind of stuff that put Bell himself in jail. I suppose learning
would have occured out there in Corrolitos, but, apparently, it hasn't.
Heck, it's also becoming apparent, from Tim's archival scholarship, that
*reading* doesn't occur in Corrolitos, either. Spend some more time on the
john, or something, Tim.
Anyway, there are lots of better ways to fill the jails, and it seems to me
that most cypherpunks I've met aren't the "fill the jails" type, anyway.
In a word, from Hettinga himself, "Bullshit." Here's Tim again, saying that
I'm in cahoots with Billarybub hirself.
No, Tim. I'm not a tory, or a snitch, or whatever. Nor, as you paranoiacly
insinuate later on, have I gotten The Letter, The Briefing, or The
Fucking-Anything-Else, either. You have seen here on cypherpunks all I have
said to anybody on the entire issue. Frankly, it's the only place where it
matters to say it, because *here's* where you're making such a doomsaying,
sabrerattling fool of yourself.
Right, Tim. Officials. Not Judges. And *legal* action, not 'executive'
action, as you and Dalton Trumbo like to put it. If some dolt at the IRS or
any other member of the alphabet soup "taskforce" that hauled Bell away
that morning actually broke the law, then they should be punished. And they
probably didn't break the law, just "aggressively enforced" it, which
probably won't land them in jail. Which, also, sounds vaguely like the
scenario that would probably happen to you yourself, if you keep rattling
their cage like Bell did.
Finally, if I talked about any 'action' at all above it was to get Bell out
of jail, which, Tim, I didn't see *you* doing anything about, either.
Actually, what happened after that, in no particular order, and if you
remember at all (maybe you should read the archives, too, Tim :-)), is that
John Young started getting court documents the case and publishing them. I
asked here if anyone wanted to go visit Bell in jail, in exchange for free
admission to FC98, and Blanc volunteered to put together a group to go.
Only, by that time, Bell wasn't taking any visitors, was being moved, and,
now, apparently, has refused mail. Blanc, and John, and Greg Broiles, and
I, and others, have been talking about the details of all this offline. I
volunteered last week to go try to raise money to pay for the cost of
documents, etc., and John said that the cost isn't that much, so far. And,
of course, Blanc still gets in free at FC98. :-).
Frankly, it's a shame that it wasn't possible to get Bell some legal
representation, because, clearly, he needed it, as anyone here would
probably agree by now. Doesn't matter if you disagree with Bell, or with
using lawyers for that matter. :-). If Bell had been able to stay out of
the clutches of the jailers (and social workers :-)), he probably wouldn't
be as messed up as he probably is by now, and, "Thanksgiving cypherpunk
massacre" or no, he might now be turning in anyone he can think of to get
out. Being stuck with a bunch of social workers and psychiatrists may do
that to a body...
Being prepared to contribute for lawyers for other people, is, by the way,
what people should now be thinking about, in case some other person, even
another indigent loon like Bell, gets hauled in. Think about it as legal
insurance? Yeah, I know. Collectivist nonsense. It's far better to hole up
on a hillside and pump a few more hundred rounds through your Glock
instead, right? Anything but figuring out how to get code written, anyway
Take a physic yourself, Tim. Maybe it'll improve your ability to read, if
not your disposition. :-).
One more thing, to everyone else. It sucks that we have to mess around with
lawyers at all. The solution is code, not lawyers. Right?
I mean, maybe it makes more sense to just cut people like Bell off and let
them flap in the breeze.
Triage. Evolution in action.
"They aren't *really* cypherpunks" sounds like an awfully good answer, but,
to follow on to what I said in the original posting, anyone who talks about
cypherpunk ideas here, much less goes out and (apparently) tries to use
them, is probably going to call themselves a cypherpunk, whether the rest
of us on the list claim those people or not. Certainly, when these people
find themselves in jail for one reason or another, especially if the
prosecution goes on a crypto witch hunt, those folks going to "reach out"
and claim us, whether we want them to or not, as Bell's case may still, in
the faintest possibility, turn out to show us. And no, I still don't think
the Alphabet Gang is decending on Corrolitos this Thursday, just because
Tim says so.
So, what I'm talking about here, maybe some kind of cryptography defense
fund, is not offense, it's defense, self-defense, like some people keep a
gun for self-defense. A defense of cryptography itself, if you will. Not
only to prevent cryptographic abolition laws by going to court to overturn
them, but, much more useful, to make sure that whatever cryptographic
component of someone's otherwise criminal activities, (like Bell's
Assassination Politics essay, versus his alleged physical attacks on IRS
and law offices) is not used as a pretext to prevent strong cryptography
from happening, much less to exacerbate that person's legal circumstances.
Let me know, offline, if you're interested in this. Like any of my other
crazy ideas, if enough people are interested, then it might be worth trying
to do, and we can put together something more um, restrained than yet
another broadside in this seemingly endless flamefest.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-26 22:05:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: official CyberCash response 
X-Sender: cme
If you know of any lists where the message appeared but the official
response didn't, you're welcome to post the following.
 - Carl
[The following should appear in its entirety if it's printed at all.]
The following message appeared on the net.
CyberCash v. 2.1.2 has a major security flaw that causes all credit
card information processed by the server to be logged in a file with
world-readable permissions.  This security flaw exists in the default
CyberCash installation and configuration.
The flaw is a result of not being able to turn off debugging.  Setting
the "DEBUG" flag to "0" in the configuration files simply has no
effect on the operation of the server.
In CyberCash's server, when the "DEBUG" flag is on, the contents of
all credit card transactions are written to a log file (named
"Debug.log" by default).
The easiest workaround I've found is to simply delete the existing
Debug.log file.  In my experience with the Solaris release, the
CyberCash software does not create this file at start time when the
DEBUG flag is set to 0.
The inability to turn off debugging is noted on CyberCash's web site
under "Known Limitations".  The fact that credit card numbers are
stored in the clear, in a world readable file, is not.
We have taken this quite seriously and have put through a full release of
our software which will be available Monday 11/24 for three platforms and
others shortly thereafter. The flaw was in the debug logging function, not
in the protocols or core implementation.  Nonetheless, the effect was an
unnecessary exposure of potentially sensitive information, and it shouldn't
have gone out the door that way.  We're tightening our internal processes
to avoid this in the future.
That said, here's the actual exposure.  The credit card information that's
in the clear in the log comes from "merchant-initiated" transactions, which
means the merchant obtains the credit card number from somewhere -- phone,
mail, fax, SSL-protected Internet interaction, or unprotected Internet
interaction.  The merchant thus has the same info in the clear already.
If the card number was provided via a wallet, then the card number is
blinded at the consumer's end.  It is therefore not in the clear as it
passes through the merchant's machine and the reported exposure does not
In order for the unprotected log to pose a risk of exposure, someone has to
be able to gain access to the merchant's machine.  If the machine is well
protected, viz behind a firewall and/or carefully configured, presumably an
outsider won't be able to gain access.  And in terms of the *additional*
exposure the open log represents over existing risks, if the same
information is accessible in the clear elsewhere on the machine,
eliminating from the log or encrypting the log provides little or no real
protection.  We continue to advise merchants to take strong steps to
protect their machines.
To our knowledge, the exposure documented above has not resulted in the
actual loss of any customer data or other security incident.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-26 22:08:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Leviathan Dying 
from: news
subject: Leviathan Dying
Sender: owner-misesmail
Precedence: Bulk
"The Future of Liberty" is the title of a feature
piece in VITAL SPEECHES OF THE DAY (November 15,
1997) by Llewellyn H. Rockwell, Jr. "The leviathan
state, that monster devouring civilization in this
century, is in the throes of death," says Rockwell.
"This is not a wish or a prediction, but a
conclusion drawn from a broad look at the trends of
the last decade and a half, which, if we take the
right steps, can continue on into the next century.
What has happened around the world--nation states
collapsing, markets outwitting planners, citizens
rising up against government masters--can and is
happening here at home."
The speech is from the 15th anniversary conference
of the Ludwig von Mises Institute. Rockwell--head
of the Institute--explains that in our times, we
are witnessing the development of something more
radical and far reaching than mere "limitation of
government"; the very idea of institutionalized
and centralized state power is under fire.
The primary catalysts for this trend are the end
of the Cold War, the increasing global resentment
of the U.S. imperium, and the rise of new
information technologies. All that's left in their
wake is the reality of Washington as a parasite,
which is how government is increasingly regarded in
the late nineties. Rockwell spells out the
implications of this and foresees a future of
liberty, conditioned on intellectuals being willing,
in the tradition of Mises and Rothbard, to take the
right steps in leading the way.
VITAL SPEECHES is widely indexed. Also in this issue
are speeches by Bill Clinton and Madeleine Albright.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-27 01:57:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Newsletter Internetwk: InternetWeek Newsletter - Nov. 25 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Eric S. Johansson" ------- Forwarded Message
That Ain't No Standard Spec
It looks like SET may have run out of breath before even
leaving the starting gate. Despite a dogged insistence by
its sponsors that the 6-month-old Secure Electronic
Transactions specification is essential to the growth
of Internet commerce, the technology's creators cannot
point to one operational deployment.
And with good reason, apparently. The two main
beneficiaries of the technology--merchants and banks--say
the technology is severely flawed. They say compliance with
the spec does not guarantee compatibility across
vendor implementations. They further charge that SET is too
complex to integrate cleanly with legacy transaction
systems. In short, they say, the standard is not a standard
at all.
"It's an enormously complex technology that's flawed from
the bottom up," according to Aberdeen Group analyst Chris
Stevens. "The only people who are interested in it are the
credit card associations, analysts, the press, Hewlett-
Packard and IBM."
Two of SET's inventors, Hewlett-Packard's VeriFone division
and IBM, all but admitted SET's shortcomings earlier this
month when they announced a program to ensure that their
SET 1.0-enabled products are interoperable.
The results will be published in a reference guide for
developers. But SET products are supposed to be
interoperable by definition, according to the
published spec. Other features of the spec are
confidentiality of information, integrity of data, card
holder account authentication and merchant authentication.
The preliminary 0.0 version of the spec has been extended
to February of next year so retailers can work with a more
tested version through the Christmas season. Version 2.0 is
already in the works for release late next year.
As a result of the glitches, the sponsors of the
initiative, mainly the credit card issuers and E-commerce
software vendors, are loosening their definition of a
standard. "In the SET 1.0 specification, we tried to be as
precise as possible, but any specification is open to
interpretation," said Steve Mott, MasterCard's senior vice
president for E-commerce. "The marketplace will determine
if it's a standard."
Mott acknowledged that the root of SET's troubles is its
complexity. SET relies on a three-tier architecture-the
client wallet, the merchant server and the gateway to
processing banks. Not only does each tier have to exchange
transaction data, but it must be able to do so with
software developed by different vendors. Moreover, as a
certificate-based system, SET requires the management of
digital certificates for millions of merchants and
All of this has left the banking industry holding the ball.
"There are a lot of operational issues left unresolved,
like the problem of integrating SET and a new level of
certificate information with the banks' legacy systems,"
said Stephanie Denny, until recently the vice president and
director of marketing for Bank of America's credit card
unit. By Matthew Friedman

@_date: 1997-11-27 06:04:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: US Air Force IPSEC Requirements 
Sender: owner-ipsec
Precedence: bulk
First, I would like to introduce myself...
My name is Brian Boyter, I'm a Senior Consulting
Engineer with the Computer Sciences Corp, and I
am under contract to the US Air Force Information
Warfare Center in San Antonio, Texas, working on
USAF computer security...
The USAF is evaluating the use of IPSEC products
to help secure its unclassified networks...   These unclas
networks are used to communicate with contractors, and to
process financial, logistic, personnel, and medical data...
The IPSEC would be used to protect the data from
unauthorized viewing and to protect the networks and
computers from hackers...   Our goal is to eventually IPSEC
encrypt all unclassified computer communications end-to-end...
The USAF recently completed a hasty evaluation of several
IPSEC products...   Most products would work fine for a
small organization, but do not scale to an enterprise the size
of the USAF (500,000 computers)...
Here is a short list of basic USAF requirements which we found
lacking in the current IPSEC products:
1. 	The Department of Defense will soon deploy a Public
Key Infrastructure (PKI)...   The IPSEC products need to
use this existing PKI (not require a separate keying product)...
2. 	The USAF uses HP OpenView as its standard SNMP
management product...   Error logging and other IPSEC status
information needs to interoperate with OpenView...
3. 	The USAF needs to be able to manage the IPSEC security
policy sanely...   An example of a USAF IPSEC security policy
might be:  "all USAF computers can talk to all other USAF
computers using DES, all other computers it talks in-the-clear"...
It will not be possible to manage 500,000 different rule sets...
The security policy must be made simple...    We need the X.500
of *.mil,  *.af.mil,  *.lackland.af.mil,  and *.hospital.*.af.mil so
we can generate rule sets using these wild cards...   I don't think
rules based on IP addresses will work either...
I'm not including interoperability in the above list because the ANX
has done a good job of making that requirement visible....
What I'm trying to point out is two things:
1. The IPSEC products need to re-use as much of our existing
infrastructure as possible (for example PKI, SNMP, etc)...
If the USAF were a small company that didn't have a large
investment already, it wouldn't be an issue...   But if each IPSEC
requires a management console at each air force base, then that can
add up to millions of dollars, thousands of man hours, training costs,
2. I'm also trying to point out that there is no standard (that I can
find) for
representing, storing, or disseminating the security policy....
Although these are Air Force requirements, I'm sure the same
requirements will exist for any large enterprise contemplating the
of IPSEC products...
I plan to be at the IETF meeting in December and will be glad to
speak to anyone about these issues...    Perhaps an IPSEC security
policy BOF could even be arranged???
Brian Boyter
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-27 06:11:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Global Strategic Structure - Speculative 
- it is hypothesized that the reason that the US has a "binary",
two-"party" system is because of it's "winner-take-all" electoral system.
Proportional representation yields a multiplicity of "parties" up to some
multiple of the "party acceptance" threshold, as a percentage of the
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-27 09:33:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: BXA denies my administrative appeal 
X-Authentication-Warning: blacklodge.c2.net: majordom set sender to
owner-cryptography using -f
Comments: This message was remailed by a pseudonymous server.
 The operators have no way to determine the original sender.
 To contact the operator, write to .
During a recent application for crypto export approval, which should have
been routine, we were contacted by an individual from the *FBI* (not from
BXA) who refused our export license because we didn't have a key recovery
system *in place now*. This is despite the facts that:
- the export license was to use our strong cryptography products for
  communications between our international sales offices and head office;
  this used to be a rubber-stamp license, and
- we are in the process of implementing key recovery technology as part of a
  a seperate export approval for our DES-56 products.
I couldn't even get an answer as to why the FBI had jurisdiction over our
export approval.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-27 09:37:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Minsky Manufactures Privacy... 
Somewhere in the bowels of an active location transponder discussion on the
wearables list...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: minsky
 "David P. Reed"  worries:
antiterrorism, antipedophilia, anti-anti-gov't thinking, and monitoring any
personal, non-business interactions, among employees. )
Did you mean to include antiterrorism?
If the reasons really are plausible, then those overrides should be added
to the system design.
Do you mean all public institutions?
Perhaps, instead, we should try to design tracking systems that include
public review mechanisms -- so that whenever anyone (e.g., your employer)
accesses your record against the privacy policy, they'll be subject to
legal sanctions and damages.
The issues of privacy are pretty complicated: for example, if someone has
been furtively following you, some future technology might permit you to
authorize someone you trust to find out who it is.  Ed Fredkin once asked a
number of people how they would feel about a new device with which you
could select almost anyone in the world, and make the device produce a loud
noise near them.  They all objected angrily.  Then Ed said, "It already
exists.  It's called the telephone."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-27 09:33:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hayek Manufactures Freedom... 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research "The Road to Serfdom- Inside story of a 50-year phenomenon"
(by Jim Powell, July 1994), on the Web at:
  by Jim Powell:
"This year, much has been written about F.A. Hayek's enormously
influential classic, _The Road to Serfdom_. But until now, no one has
reported the inside story of how a few devoted friends of freedom
helped get the book published in America, despite overwhelming hostility
from publishers and the media.
"Friedrich A. Hayek's The Road to Serfdom," political science professor
 Herman Finer fumed in 1946, reflecting collectivist orthodoxy of the time,
"constitutes the most inopportune offensive against democracy to emerge
from a democratic country for many decades." No doubt about it, _The
Road to Serfdom_ was explosively controversial from the beginning,
especially his case that all forms of collectivism lead to tyranny. The book
was first published a half-century ago in Britain by Routledge, March 1944.
Nobel Prize winning economist Ronald Coase recalls that during Britain's
July 1945 parliamentary election campaign Winston Churchill cited Hayek
in his dramatic campaign speeches, to help show that a Labor Party win
would mean tyranny. Labor Party leader Clement Atlee ridiculed Hayek
and defeated Churchill. Soon afterwards, Atlee began seizing coal, steel,
railroads and other businesses ....
Opposition to Hayek's ideas was fierce in the United States, and a number
of publishers rejected the book. But there were friends of freedom who
worked wonders. Hayek authorized fellow Austrian economist Fritz Machlup,
 then working in Washington, to try to find an American publisher, but he
was unsuccessful. He gave a copy of the Routledge page proofs to
University of Chicago economics professor Aaron Director who met Hayek
in 1943 when both were teaching at the London School of Economics.
Director passed the page proofs to Frank Knight, founding father of the
"Chicago School." Knight apparently gave them to William T. Couch, a
classical liberal friend at the University of Chicago Press which agreed to
publish the book on September 18, 1944. But since nobody expected it
would sell many copies, the initial printing was only 2,000. It was a little
wartime edition about 4-7/8ths by 6-3/4 inches.
To help the book gain a hearing, the publishers asked John Chamberlain,
respected book editor for Harper's magazine and a devout libertarian, to
write a foreword. His name appeared prominently on the cover. The initial
reception was cool. On September 20, 1944, New York Times daily book
reviewer Orville Prescott called it a "sad and angry little book."
But then New York Times economics editorial writer Henry Hazlitt weighed
in with a home run:  a 1,500 word blockbuster review on the front page of
the Sunday New York Times Book Review, September 24, 1944. Hazlitt
declared that "Friedrich Hayek has written one of the most important books
of our generation." The University of Chicago Press ordered another
printing. The book sold 22,000 copies by year-end and sold this much
again by spring 1945.
Meanwhile, Reader's Digest editors DeWitt and Lila Acheson Wallace
expressed interest in publishing an excerpt from the book, and the
University of Chicago Press, eager to reach a popular audience, seems
to have given away those rights for nothing-Hayek later remarked
he never got a penny. In any case, The Road to Serfdom filled the first
20 pages of the April 1945 Reader's Digest under a banner headline drawn
 from Hazlitt's review: "One of the Most Important Books of Our Generation."
This brought Hayek's story to about 8 million people in the U.S. alone.
Subsequently, Book-of-the-Month Club distributed some 600,000 copies
of a condensed edition.
Sales records are incomplete, but there were a good many more printings
after that, and the book eventually sold at least 230,000 copies in the U.S.
Hayek went on a U.S. lecture tour, including prestigious places like Harvard
University, and he decided he rather liked being a lightning rod for freedom.
He expressed his views in popular publications like the Chicago Sun, Boston
Traveler and New York Times Magazine. He met many friends of freedom
with whom he was to collaborate in later years. Three dozen friends joined
him to found the international Mont Pelerin Society.
Today people around the world appreciate Hayek's profound truths
which seemed so shocking half-century ago. We at Laissez Faire
are proud to help distribute it in several dozen countries ...
1. The Abandoned Road
2. The Great Utopia
3. Individualism and Collectivism
4. The "Inevitability" of Planning
5. Planning and Democracy
6. Planning and the Rule of Law
7. Economic Control and Totalitarianism
8. Who, Whom?
9. Security and Freedom
10. Why the Worst Get on Top
11. The End of Truth
12. The Socialist Roots of Naziism
13. The Totalitarians in Our Midst
14. Material Conditions and Ideal Ends
15. The Prospects of International Order
16. Conclusion
 FA7139W The Road to Serfdom (paperback) 248p. $10.95"
Hayek on the Web is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-27 09:36:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Laissez Faire Books - Hayek catalogue 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research Laissez Faire Books -- Books by or about F. A. Hayek,
on the web at:
  "THE ROAD TO SERFDOM
by F.A. Hayek
The classic warning of the dangers of government interventionism, it
shows why state planning always undermines both political and
economic freedom. It had a tremendous influence in the years after
World War II.
 FA7139W The Road to Serfdom (paperback) 248p. $10.95
THE ESSENCE OF HAYEK
edited by Chiaki Nichiyama and Kurt Leube
How can a busy reader get a handle on such a prolific mind as that
of F.A. Hayek? Here is a selection of essays representing the full range
of his thought, drawn by two eminent Hayek scholars from the full body
of his published writings.
 FA0118W The Essence of Hayek (paperback) 419p. $22.95
THE ECONOMICS OF FRIEDRICH HAYEK
by G.R. Steele
(St. Martin's Press, 1993/revised 1996)
If one were to read only one book about Hayek, this should be it. Rather
than criticizing Hayek's work, Steele aims to present an account of Hayek's
work that is both comprehensive and concise. In this aim the author
succeeds most admirably -Karen I. Vaughn, Journal of Economic Literature
 FA7117W The Economics of F.A. Hayek (hardcover) 262p. $19.95
HAYEK AND AFTER
Hayekian Liberalism as a Research Programme
by Jeremy Shearmur
Shearmur, who worked with philosopher Karl Popper and now teaches
at the Australian National University, chronicles Hayek's amazing
intellectual journey. He excels at describing how Hayek's ideas evolved
over the years, talking about the striking transition from Hayek's early
writings to his later writings on legal issues, the conflicts between Hayek's
utilitarian views and his moral imperative for liberty, and he offers
insightful comments about how Hayek grew more conservative in some ways, more
libertarian in others.
 FA7060W Hayek and After (hardcover) 257p. Published at $65.00
LF PRICE ONLY $24.95
HAYEK ON HAYEK
edited by Stephen Kresge and Leif Wenar
Hayek himself tells the story of his long and controversial career through
previously unpublished autobiographical notes and interviews.
"The appeal of Hayek on Hayek, I readily admit, is all the gossip in it.
Of course, since much of it is old gossip, and about famous people, it
qualifies as history. But it is not the kind of history professors dole out
to their students."
-Timothy Virkkala, Liberty
 FA6072W Hayek on Hayek (hardcover) 187p. $27.50
HAYEK: CO-ORDINATION AND EVOLUTION
His Legacy in Philosophy, Politics, Economics and the History of Ideas
edited by Jack Birner and Rudy van Zijp
This book assesses Hayek's wondrous intellectual achievements.
Roger Garrison, Gerald O'Driscoll, Norman Barry, Jeremy Shearmur,
and a host of others examine and illuminate Hayek's views on why
bureaucrats cannot produce prosperity, why socialism suppresses liberty,
what drives business cycles, the dynamics of money, how social
institutions develop spontaneously, and a constitutional order to protect
privacy and liberty.
 FA5979W Hayek: Coordination and Evolution (hardcover) 372p. Published at
LF PRICE ONLY $24.95
CONTENDING WITH HAYEK
edited by Christoph Frei and Robert Nef
Here a group of noted European and American scholars debate
F.A. Hayek's most important ideas about a free society. John Gray,
Hans- Hermann Hoppe, Anthony de Jasay and more focus
on Hayek's social, political and legal philosophy, sometimes taking
issue with each other on major questions as well as fine points.
 FA6342W Contending with Hayek (paperback) 228p. Published at $33.95
LF PRICE ONLY $24.95
THE IDEAS OF F.A. HAYEK
narrated by Brian Crowley
These audio tapes are probably the best introduction to the life
and thought of F.A. Hayek that we're likely to get our hands on.
The format for the tapes is a simple one: it is a two-part, two-hour
radio documentary on Hayek produced for the Canadian Broadcasting
Company. The narrator, Brian Crowley, introduces Hayek's life and
ideas, and provides the continuity for the tapes.
 FA5452W The Ideas of F.A. Hayek (2 audiotapes) 2 hrs. $21.95
HAYEK, FREEDOM'S PHILOSOPHER
written & produced by Eben Wilson
While there are many great books on liberty, video material is hard
to come by. This splendid three-part video series helps you better
understand and explain his ideas which are changing the world for the
 better.
 FA6326W Hayek, Freedom's Philosopher (VHS video) 110 min. $49.95
HAYEK, THE IRON CAGE OF LIBERTY
by Andrew Gamble
Why did classical liberalism lose its appeal just as it triumphed? How
did socialists convince large numbers of people that they were legitimate
heirs to the glorious liberal tradition? Why did socialists "win" the debate
about economic calculation? What was the link between socialism and
Nazism? Why, having dismissed Hayek decades ago, do some socialists
(they are still plenty lurking around) now turn to him as an idea man for the
makeover they dream about?
Gamble, a socialist professor of politics at the University of Sheffield,
aims to answer these and many others questions as he reviews Hayek's
 prolific career and help put it in historical context.  He's often annoying,
because he never concedes the catastrophe of socialism, but he does do
a good job of summarizing Hayek's views, he raises provocative issues,
and he provides a picture of a sophisticated adversary wrestling with
classical liberal ideas. In the process, he helps show how far we've come
and how much farther we have to go. If we are to win the intellectual debates
ahead, we must clearly understand what our adversaries are thinking.
 FA7381W Hayek, the Iron Cage of Liberty (paperback) 221p. $19.95"
Hayek on the Web is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-29 06:01:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
At 12:10 am -0500 on 11/21/97, bureau42 Anonymous Remailer emetted (see?
wasn't *that* easier than what you used?):
Don't get your apparently fantastically-abused panties in a bunch.
Frankly, I don't give a squalling, um, fuck, what you, or anyone else,
thinks about me. In fact, given the heaping helping of offal you've offered
below, the worse you think about me, the better, I guess I'd say.
I'll write what I want, when I want, and post it where I want to. That's
what your killfile is for, bunky. If you don't like what I say so much, use
Good. Stay that way. I really don't give a damn. But, be careful:
Embarrased, red faces like yours make great helicopter targets, I'm told.
:-). Even in the dark...
No, I haven't. The "enemy"? So, it's a "war", huh? Sounds like you need to
go to work, yourself, (for a living?) and find out how reality actually
functions a while, before you go declaring "war" on the "enemy" at the drop
of a hat.
Folks, the "war" ain't here, okay? It ain't gonna be here anytime soon,
either. Anyone who wants to go out and start it, as Tim has seeming
delusions of, is really stupid, or worse, nuts.
Nope. What they'll probably do is go pester him about something clueless,
something trivial and probably unrelated, and he'll show up at the door,
expecting MIB (Men in Balaclavas), and start a shootout. That's the
accidental version, anyway.
Of course, if Tim stays holed up, playing Old Man of the Mountain, and
nothing happens because nobody's listening to him anymore, maybe someday
he'll go out and *make* something happen, of course. Nonetheless, his
writing here won't do anything but be an excuse for someone to go harrass
him, probably provoking something accidental, particularly if he's waiting
for them with loaded weapons. See above.
Which, of course, proves my earlier point which started this very thread.
Tim appears to be deliberately provoking this kind of crap, whatever his
"Please, B'rer Fox, don't throw me into that briar patch!". I said that,
You'll also remember that I called it utter bullshit then. To paraphrase
myself. :-).
It's the day after Thanksgiving, folks. Do you know where *your* black
helicopters are? I thought so...
Give me a break...
There's one line in the latest Jim Bell continuance which says it all. It's
the Judge's clear statement that he's clueless about all this crypto stuff,
and that he's going away to think about it a bit. Now, *that* seems to me
to be an open invitation to someone, if legally possible, to go and
straighten him out on the subject of cryptography, as a friend of the
court, or something. A lawyer who knows about crypto could probably just go
do this, and make all this Guilt-by-Cryptography crap go away. And, if
there *had* been someone there from the beginning, we wouldn't be having
all this built up FUD-potential when they send Bell up the river for
whatever they can think of, just because he's had the "brilliance" to
combine Tim's quite old idea of cryptoanarchic assasination markets with
the stuff the Idea Futures folks are doing for fun. Cheez. Whadda
brainstorm that musta been...
Now, I may be whistling past the graveyard, here, but.... naaawww,
forgadaboudit, I'm not an idiot, and the Apaco-FUD around here isn't going
to get to *me* either, so I'll go out on a limb, here, with a prediction:
--->>>Those "black helicopters" are never going to land, boys and girls.
Especially as far as the Bell case is concerned. Ever. <<<---
Oddly enough, I expect that Bell *is* singing, ironically, like a canary.
Hence the sealed indictments, or whatever. Given all the goodies they found
him playing with besides AP, they were probably listening to everything he
said, hanging on his every word. Most attention he ever got in his life, I
bet. Until, of course, they figured out that his "conspiracy" was just Jim
Bell, that all the "co-conspiritors" he's "fingering" never wanted anything
to do with him.
Including Tim, who's gone on record here, many times, as saying what a
one-track, waste-of-time, loon Bell was.
Until lately, anyway. Now Bell's some kind of hero, or something. Go
figure. Maybe Tim's missing all the attention Bell's getting. Or something.
Spoken like a child, yourself. Child, grow thyself?
Bink. (The diminuative of "bunk", of course. :-))
Look. This kind of "I Have Seen the Golden Age of America, and it's Over,
Son" crap is just that. Crap.
The world, over all, is a *much* better place than it was, 100, 50, or even
10 years ago. It will continue to get better. Science kind of does that, if
you haven't noticed. If something like the state increases its control so
much that nobody feels free anymore, then eventually people will get fed up
and deal with it. Usually with technology, like cryptography, and with the
market, and I certainly count emmigration as a market function. Technology
and the market killed communism. And, frankly, I look at politics as a
trailing market indicator, cementing what the market and technology  have
already done.
So, when the political situation forgets to pay attention to market and
technological reality, you get a military solution, with an actual
revolution, like we had in this country, twice, if you count the Civil War.
Though, as I've said before, the colonists in America were already free (in
the market and technology sense) and didn't know it, and the Confederacy
wasn't free (in the same sense) and thought they were. In both cases,
reality, i.e., technology and the market, wasn't optional.
So, I think the economic and technological incompetance of the very idea of
communism, if not hierarchical vertical integration itself, is what is
causing most of what we call "revolutions" these days. And, maybe, the
collapse of those socialist, or the vertically integrated and centralized
bureaucratic, components of the American system will cause the kinds of
separatist problems seen in the other other monolithic megastates like
Russia and China as well. But, frankly, I just don't think so. There is too
much of a habit of freedom in America still, even with all the state's
attempts of social control out there -- which, I think, most people ignore,
or better, can't afford to pay attention to -- for that kind of crap to
happen. So, here in the heart of the Socialist States of America,
technology is making, or keeping, people free, and they just don't know it,
yet. Or probably care about it, for that matter.
I also think that out political leaders are just figuring that out. The NSA
only makes halfhearted attempts to control cryptography anymore, for
instance. Robert Morris asks, wryly, "How much do you trust your
government?" when asked about key escrow. The state department has gotten
out of the export control business, fobbing it off onto the Commerce
Department, who's only got the FBI to listen to. The FBI is apoplectic, but
frankly, they'll figure out that they're pissing in the wind just like NSA
and State were, hopefully before anyone gets hurt.
After the FBI, who's left, right?
Hoooo... Oh, boy. Yet Another History Lesson. I'm gonna *love* this...
Well, let's see, shall we? (Monty and Jim Choate can check me here, except
that I'm not sure "American Aurora" goes back that far. Oh, well, there's
always "History Your Mother Never Told You, I guess. :-))
The Athenian government, the small minority of the population who had any
now-romantic notion of "democracy" at all (when you factor in "barbarians",
slaves, and women), had a tidy little empire, paid for with other people's
money (the Delian league). But, it only lasted a little while after the
Persian war, when the money ran out, most of it being spent on fun toys
like rebuilding the Acropolis. Then, all the other Greek city states hired
the Spartans to kick Athenian Butt after the Athenians were a little too
aggressive with a tax delinquent state, killing all the men in said state,
and sending the women and children into slavery. Is that America? Maybe,
but probably not. And, so, your point is?
The Austrian and German governments, by starting a war they couldn't win,
were made to pay war reparations they couldn't afford, which they tried to
pay for by printing money they didn't have, instead of letting their
economies alone to solve the problem by themselves. Then their economies
collapsed, and political radicals with, of course, much less economic
experience, and considerably less diplomatic experience :-), took over the
government and went to war on all their neighbors. Is that America? Maybe,
but probably not. And, so, your point is?
The Cambodians were doing just fine until a superpower conflict erupted
next door, dragging them, unfortunately, onto the side of the losing one
(Us), causing allies of the winning superpower (Them) to overthrow a
moderately stable political and social system and replace it with one
having even less of an understanding of economics, much less diplomatic
experience, than the one instituted by the people who took over Germany and
Austria 40 years before. They then, vaguely reminiscent of Germany and
Austria, proceeded to go to war on their own population, especially those
people with economic, and probably diplomatic, experience. Is that America?
Maybe :-), but probably not. And, so, your point is?
Of course, we could then turn around and look at Rome, say, which
functioned for several hundred years off and on, and, technically, didn't
go away until the fall of Constantinople in the 15th century. Or, say,
Britain, which has still been kicking around for almost a thousand years,
empire or not, but, hey, who's counting, hmmm? Anyway, are those two
America? Maybe, but probably not. And, so, my point is?
Well, lost, actually. Just like yours was. :-).
I'm honored you think so. I'm almost 40 now. A veritable old fart, given
the probable mean age of this list. However, Tim (Leary, that is) *did* say
that adulthood is terminal, and I endeavor to follow that dictum, while
ignoring much of his other silliness. (Hmmm, sounds familiar...) So, maybe,
I'm just shovelling age against the tide, as it were, and should grow up.
Certainly my peers tell me so. :-)
Perhaps, however, you're projecting a bit, yourself? Naaaaw...
More apacolyptic claptrap. I have an idea. Go prove how "interesting" they
are. Tell me what happened when you get back. Don't let the door hit you on
the way out...
That's easy to fix. Put me in your killfile. Frankly, I don't think *youz*
ever gonna be right, myself...
 *Feel* your anger Luke Skywalker...
One double negative, excretory or not, doesn't make a right, right? (bzzzt!
Nope, two "rights" don't make a wrong either. :-))
Ah. Someone hiding behind a remailer threatens someone whose address is at
the bottom of his every post... Mark away, little boy, mark away. You know
where to find me when the revolution comes, Madame LaFarge...
Of course, we know all those who talk in gloomy terms about the impending
violent revolution, um, haven't got shit, themselves. Just like the posers
who say "Lock and Load" all the time, or the Knights Who Say "Nee!". Or
Ah. "Fatuous." A marvellous word to use, isn't it, Mr. um, Motor Mouth? Did
you look it up for the occasion? Congratulations on your choice. You can
use it in a sentence, too. How nice.
Yup, that's me. Government Stooge. If you don't believe me, ask Tim. He's
got the pictures. And, I'm  the official Cypherpunk Apostate of the
Month... (*Tell* our double winner what he's won, Don Pardo...)
Prove to you the revolution *isn't* coming? Have *you* read your informal
fallacies today, Mr. Mouth? I thought not...
And, of course, only a complete fool would be "sure" that the revolution,
along with black helicopters and four part harmony, is going to happen on
Thanksgiving. Woops. It's the day *after* Thanksgiving, isn't it?
Um... Mr. Mouth? ...Know where I can get a deal on slightly
out-of-the-money futures on The American Revolution 3.0, expiration date
11/27/97? My broker in Corrolitos is not answering the phone. Maybe the
helicopters got him...
Actually, we're all tenticles of the same person. Tee hee. :-)
Right. And monkeys could fly out my butt. (Hey, it *could* happen... Prove
to me that it can't. :-))
Meanwhile your Thanksgiving turkey's getting cold, bunky. I bet you can go
away from your reinforced door for short periods without even taking your
Mossberg with you. I mean, I admire your perserverance, and all, but your
clothes are starting to stink...
Actually I'm not. He's been ranting for more than 6 weeks now about how the
FBI/BATF/ETC is going to come down our chimneys, Real Soon Now, Maybe This
I finally got sick of it. Called a spade a spade, and all that.
Pardon me while I blow eggnog out my nose. :-).
Right. The Eeevilll One has decided that the Time To Strike is Upon Us, and
so forth. And VALIS is sending thought-rays to your brain, too, I suppose.
Don't forget to sleep with in your aluminum foil nightcap tonight.
Had you the intellegence, much less the time and interest, you would notice
that I never bothered with Jim Bell much, except to put him in my killfile
after the 6th or 7th AP iteration around here. It wasn't until he got
popped for being a loon in various other arenas, and the old Alphabet Gang
decided that Crypto Made Him Do It, that I got interested in him at all,
hence my "Canarypunk in a Coalmine" post. Something you'd find in the
archives. If you had time and interest. And intellegence.
Frankly, it's beginning to look Bell's *still* a loon, and, since he's got
a cryptography connection, it makes him dangerous to anyone who uses
cryptography, whether in fact Bell is dangerous or not.
At least I'm thinking about *something*, you, um, witless fuck.
Write *that* in your little black book, hmmm?
Funny farm, more like it.
You Making Me Laugh. I blow eggnog out my nose. Chop Chop.
(With sincere apologies to Mr. Ito: I'm sorry, but I just couldn't resist
something *that* easy. :-))
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-05 09:02:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial Cryptography '98 Final Call for Papers 
Resent-Date: Tue, 4 Nov 1997 19:23:39 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: online.offshore.com.ai: list set sender to
fc98-request using -f
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest
X-Loop: fc98
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: fc98-request
General Information:
Financial Cryptography '98 (FC98) is a conference on the security of
digital financial transactions.  Meetings alternate between the island
of Anguilla in the British West Indies and other locations.  This
second meeting will be held in Anguilla on February 23-26, 1998.  FC98
aims to bring together persons involved in both the financial and data
security fields to foster cooperation and exchange of ideas.
Original papers are solicited on all aspects of financial data
security and digital commerce in general, including
    Anonymous Payments                      Fungibility
    Authentication                          Home Banking
    Communication Security                  Identification
    Conditional Access                      Implementations
    Copyright Protection                    Loss Tolerance
    Credit/Debit Cards                      Loyalty Mechanisms
    Currency Exchange                       Legal Aspects
    Digital Cash                            Micropayments
    Digital Receipts                        Network Payments
    Digital Signatures                      Privacy Issues
    Economic Implications                   Regulatory Issues
    Electronic Funds Transfer               Smart Cards
    Electronic Purses                       Standards
    Electronic Voting                       Tamper Resistance
    Electronic Wallets                      Transferability
Instructions for Authors:
Send a cover letter and 12 copies of an extended abstract to be
received by November 17, 1997 (or postmarked by November 7, 1997 and
sent via airmail) to the Program Chair at the address given below.
The extended abstract (a short draft of the full paper, typically 10
pages in length) should start with the title, the names of the
authors, and an abstract followed by a succinct statement appropriate
for a non-specialist reader specifying the subject addressed, its
background, the main achievements, and their significance to financial
data security.  Submissions are limited to 15 single-spaced pages of
12pt type.  Notification of acceptance or rejection will be sent to
authors no later than January 12, 1998.
Authors of accepted papers must guarantee that their paper will
be presented at the conference.
Proceedings of the conference will be published by Springer Verlag in
their Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series.  Preproceedings
will be available at the conference, but final versions will not be
due until afterwards, giving authors the opportunity to revise their
papers based on presentations and discussions at the meeting.
Instructions and deadlines for submission of final papers will be sent
later to authors of accepted papers.
Rump Session:
In addition to the regular conference program, a rump session will be
held to provide an opportunity for less formal presentations.
Although the rump session will be organized during the conference
itself, any advance proposals may be sent to the Program Co-Chair at
the email address given below.  Rump session contributions will not
appear in the conference proceedings.
A very limited number of stipends may be available to those unable to
obtain funding to attend the conference.  Students whose papers are
accepted and who will present the paper themselves are encouraged to
apply if such assistance is needed.  Requests for stipends should be
addressed to one of the General Chairs.
Information about conference registration and on travel, hotels, and
Anguilla itself will follow in a separate general announcement.  There
are special reduced registration rates for full-time academics and
students.  Further information about registration is available online
via the URL listed below.
A workshop, intended for anyone with commercial software development
experience who wants hands-on familiarity with the issues and
technology of financial cryptography, is planned in conjunction with
FC98, to be held during the week following the conference.  Further
information about the workshop is available online via the URL listed
below.  For information about workshop registration, please contact
one of the General Chairs.
Special Attraction:
On Thursday, February 26, 1998, there will be a total eclipse of the
sun.  The narrow zone of 100% totality will pass just south of
Anguilla, and there should be an excellent view of the eclipse from
the conference site.
Send Submissions to:
Rafael Hirschfeld
FC98 Program Chair
Kruislaan 413
1098 SJ Amsterdam
The Netherlands
email: ray
phone: +31 20 592 4169
fax: +31 20 592 4199
Send Rump Session Contributions to:
Matthew Franklin
FC98 Program Co-Chair
email: franklin
Program Committee:
Matt Blaze, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA
Antoon Bosselaers, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Leuven, Belgium
Yves Carlier, Bank for International Settlements, Basel, Switzerland
Walter Effross, Washington College of Law, American U., Washington DC, USA
Matthew Franklin, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA
Michael Froomkin, U. Miami School of Law, Coral Gables, FL, USA
Rafael Hirschfeld, CWI, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Alain Mayer, Bell Laboratories/Lucent Technologies, Murray Hill, NJ, USA
Moni Naor, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel
Frank Trotter, Mark Twain Ecash/Mercantile Bank, St. Louis, MO, USA
Doug Tygar, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA
Moti Yung, CertCo LLC (formerly: Bankers Trust E-Commerce), New York, NY, USA
General Chairs:
Robert Hettinga, Shipwright, Boston, MA, USA
   email: rah
Vincent Cate, Offshore Information Services, Anguilla, BWI
   email: vince
Exhibits and Sponsorship Manager:
Julie Rackliffe, Boston, MA, USA
   email: julie
Workshop Leader:
Ian Goldberg, Berkeley, CA, USA
   email: iang
Financial Cryptography '98 is held in cooperation with the
International Association for Cryptologic Research.
FC98 is sponsored by:
RSA Data Security Inc. C2NET, Inc. Hansa Bank & Trust Company Limited, Anguilla Offshore Information Services e$ Those interested in becoming a sponsor of FC98 or in purchasing
exhibit space, please contact the Exhibits and Sponsorship Manager.
A copy of this call for papers as well as other information about the
conference will be available at URL --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-12 09:40:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: James O'Toole on Digital Coupons and Distributed Commerce 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                        Dr. James O'Toole
                        Open Market, Inc.
              Digital Coupons and Distributed Commerce
                      Tuesday, December 2, 1997
                             12 - 2 PM
                 The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                   One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Jim says,
"Open Market's Transact commerce system version 3.0 introduces
new Digital Coupon capabilities that enable merchants to create
price promotion and special discount offers for their customers.
Digital Coupons provide a secure way for an online merchant to
easily implement repricing rules that a Transact-based distributed
commerce system uses to adjust prices at the point of sale.
This talk will include a brief overview of Open Market's commerce
product suite and their architecture.  I will explain how Digital
Coupons work, provide concrete details of how Transact 3.0
processes coupons and their impact on APIs, screens, and smart
statements.  I will also discuss the implications of digital coupons
and similar artifacts on the design of distributed commerce solutions
that rely on trusted intermediaries."
Dr. O'Toole is a senior member of the research and advanced development
staff of Open Market.  His current focus is on technology development and
software product architecture.  In 1997, Jim was responsible for the
conception of Open Market's Digital Coupon products.  Prior to joining Open
Market in 1996, Jim completed his Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering and
Computer Science at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, November 4, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, November 29, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
January   Joseph Reagle        "Social Protocols": Meta-data
                                 and Negotiation in Digital Commerce
February  Donald Eastlake      SET
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-11-14 21:23:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Developing Non-Commercial Products with the PGPsdk! 
Precedence: Bulk
Status: U
--- begin forwarded text
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
Attention:  freeware and non-commercial developers.
PGP would like to encourage the development and deployment of PGP
Secured freeware or other non-commercial products and will grant you a
licence to develop to the PGPsdk and distribute the PGPsdk shared
libraries with your non-commercial application. We have added a
special section for  freeware or non-commercial developers to the
PGPsdk website  Shareware developers take note: PGP hasn't  forgoten about you. we
are working on a licence agreement forS hareware or small developers
too. Stay Tunned!
PGP Developer Support	    main: 415.572.0430       Pretty Good
Privacy, Inc.
                                                     2121 S. El Camino
             San Mateo, CA
DH Key: --- end forwarded text
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 3F903472C3AF622D5D918D9BD8B100090B3EF042
     "You can get a lot more with a smile and a gun
     then a smile, alone."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-02 09:47:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: California 
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion The California Secretary of State has published the final draft of his
digital signature regulations at .  The
final draft contemplates both dual-key signatures and signature dynamics
like PenOp.
--Ben Wright

@_date: 1997-12-03 00:10:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: State Department Advisory Committee Meeting 
X-Sender: aboss
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion I previously posted an announcement concerning a meeting of the State
Department's Advisory Committeee on Private International Law on the
digital signatures.  There have been two changes.
First, the location has changed.  It will now be held at the Department of
commerce, Conference Room 5855 beginning at 9:30 on Monday, December 15
(until 4:40pm).
Second, it will be a *one* day only meeting.
If you are planning to attend, please notify Rosie Gonzales at the State
Department: (202) 776-8420; fax 202-776-8482; email at pildb  Or,
call Brian Hengesbaugh at the Department of Commerce: 202-482-4620, fax
202-482-4076.  In order to register for the meeting, they will need your
name and government agency identification (if any), or affiliation and
address, as well as phone, fax, and email address if available.
Entry to the Commerce Department should be through the main entrance on
14th Street between Constitution and Pennsylvania Avenues.
Hotel Accommodations:  There are two hotels that have agreed to offer, on a
space-available basis, rooms at the government rate ($108/single;
128/double).  However, you must advise the hotel when making arrangements
that you are a State Department invitee and that the government rate should
be applied.  They, in turn, will contact the L/PIL to verify
(authenticate?) that you are on the list of attendees, so please make sure
that you have followed the procedures in the previous paragraph.
The two hotels are the Windham Bristol Hotel at 2430 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
(walking distance to State and two blocks from Foggy Bottom metro)
[202-955-6400; fax 202-955-5765] and the State Plaza Hotel at 2117 E Street
NW (across from the State Department) [phone 202-861-8200; fax 202-659-8601].
Hope to see many of you there.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-04 08:44:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Superdistribution development/release 
Yet Another Watermark...
Anyone wanna take bets on how long before it's broken, or at least easily
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Priority: Normal
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Blair Anderson" Silver Bullet for Digital Publishing Arrives TragoeS Announces General
Availability of RigthsMarket(TM)
 PR Newswire - December 02, 1997 16:10
 TRGO. %ENT %MLM V%PRN P%PRN
CALGARY, Dec. 2 /CNW-PRN/ - RightsMarket hits the bull's-eye business
opportunity of the 21st century - electronic commerce through digital
publishing on the Internet for the $71.3 billion (US) publishing
industry (Value-Line, April 11/May 20/May 30, 1997).
``RightsMarket harnesses powerful economic forces that will show people
the money in digital document publishing on the Internet,'' stated
Lindsay Moir, President of TragoeS Inc., during the company's news
conference November 18th at COMDEX `97, Las Vegas. ``With RightsMarket
suppliers of digital documents will be paid and 99% of the revenue loss
due to piracy will be eliminated.''
TragoeS has successfully implemented the Superdistribution paradigm in
RightsMarket. Superdistribution tracks usage rather than possession and
is recognised as the best approach to selling digital property (digital
versions of text, data, knowledge, pictures, music, videos, etc.) on the
Internet. Pricing of RightsMarket is $50,000 (US) plus integration,
support fees, and annual license renewal fees.  Unique RightsMarket
features include:
Persistent Cryptographic Wrappers (RightsWrapper) - No matter where the
digital document (financial newsletter, educational test, minutes from a
court proceeding, sensitive health care records, etc.) goes, no matter
how it gets there, whether it is used and then subsequently
redistributed, etc. the document is always encrypted.  It is never left
decrypted and exposed even while it is being viewed.
Rights Marketing `back office' (RightsServer) - Allows marketers to set
the terms and conditions of use for the digital property.  Features
include support for the newly announced international Digital Object
Identifier (DOI) publishing standard.
Fault Tolerant Middleware (RightsConnection) - Provides a secure link to
the `back office' from the user's desktop.  As well, there is no
requirement to be connected full time to the Internet in order to view
the digital document.
Metering and Enforcement (RightsClient) - Provides decryption services,
meters use, and sends usage information to the RightsServer via secure
Acrobat(TM) Trusted Tool plug-ins - Makes Acrobat, the world's most
popular digital publishing tool from Adobe Systems Incorporated(C),
ready for prime time digital document economic transactions on the
Internet. With a plug-in for the Exchange and Reader, customers can
encrypt documents and have a trusted player for viewing content.
Shane Hayes, TragoeS' Vice President, Customer Implementation will be
presenting at The Digital Object Identifier (DOI) Technology Forum
Wednesday, December 10, 1997 in New York City.  The DOI is an important
emerging international standard for identification of published material
online. It forms the foundation layer of a set of technologies that will
enable commerce in published material on the Internet so that copyright
is protected, content creators can be compensated for their work, and
consumers can benefit from technology that is sophisticated, yet
seamless and easy to use.  The International DOI Foundation (IDF), a
non-profit organization established to administer the DOI standard, is
looking to technology vendors to implement the necessary technology
components and integrate them into secure electronic publishing
solutions for the IDF's constituency: the worldwide publishing industry
and beyond.
In April 1998 in Washington, DC, TragoeS Inc. will participate in a
three day conference sponsored by the Library of Congress, the
Association of American Publishers (AAP), and the University of
Virginia. The conference is titled ``Exploring the New Media - The
Paradigm Shift in Publishing: >From Book to Bytes''.  TragoeS Vice
President, Marketing and Sales, Fred Yee, will sit on a panel discussing
`Solutions to Copyright Protection in Cyberspace'.
TragoeS Inc., established in 1993, is a Canadian high technology company
specializing in software products and services that support financial
transactions.  Its product, RightsMarket is the solution for the
protection, metering and payment of digital intellectual property.
TragoeS is a public company reporting in Alberta and Ontario and is
listed on the Canadian Dealing Network (CDN TRGO).
The Canadian Dealing Network or other regulatory authorities have
neither approved nor disapproved of the information contained herein.
SOURCE:  TragoeS Inc.
     /CONTACT: Lindsay Moir, President, TragoeS Inc., (403) 571-1835,
(403) 571-1838, Email: moirl(at)tragoes.com, Website:  or Mr. Peter Taylor, Investor Relations, (416)
Fax: (416) 368-9175/
     (TRGO.)
Blair Anderson  (Blair
International Consultant in Electronic Commerce,
Encryption and Electronic Rights Management
   "Techno Junk and Grey Matter"  (HTTP://WWW.NOW.CO.NZ [moving servers,
currently inactive])
   50 Wainoni Road, Christchurch, New Zealand
          phone 64 3 3894065
          fax     64 3 3894065
Member 	Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-05 03:39:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Fear of a Random Planet... 
Damn. There goes FC98. :-).
Oh well, at least the Coyotes on the Mexican border won't have to deadhead
the return trip...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-06 00:49:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Superdistribution development/release 
X-Sender: hutchinson
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: hutchinson (Art Hutchinson)
To which Brian Buchanan replied:
Uh, its a Canadian company.   That John Candy movie about the
U.S. invasion didn't really happen.   ;-)
- Art
Art Hutchinson                                       hutchinson
Northeast Consulting Resources, Inc.     phone: (617) 654-0635
One Liberty Square                                 fax: (617) 654-0654
Boston, MA 02160

@_date: 1997-12-06 01:05:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Sabotage and Threats a sham. 
Priority: Normal
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Blair Anderson" LONDON -- Accusations that criminals are using
high-tech weapons to extort hundreds of millions
of dollars from banks and stock exchanges are
"pure imagination," according to Europe's largest
defense electronics research agency.
Blair Anderson  (Blair
International Consultant in Electronic Commerce,
Encryption and Electronic Rights Management
   "Techno Junk and Grey Matter"  (HTTP://WWW.NOW.CO.NZ [moving servers,
currently inactive])
   50 Wainoni Road, Christchurch, New Zealand
          phone 64 3 3894065
          fax     64 3 3894065
Member 	Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-07 03:40:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mises and Batman 
from: news
subject: Mises and Batman
Sender: owner-misesmail
Precedence: Bulk
This has to be a first in the history of the Austrian School. The
new issue of THE BATMAN CHRONICLES, a quarterly, features "Berlin
Batman," a story revolving around the Nazi confiscation of Ludwig von
Mises's papers from his Vienna apartment in 1938. Batman attempts to
rescue the papers from a German government train, and says of Mises,
"I once met him, and I've read his work. He's a brave man to oppose
the party in these barren times." Batman sees in Mises a comrade in
We won't give away the ending, but in a recap at the end of story,
there are excerpts from Robin's 1998 "unpublished" "memoirs of the
Batman": "Ludwig von Mises escaped to the United States when the
Nazis ransacked his apartment in 1938. It was his landlady, a friend
of his mother's, who told the authorities Von Mises was working on
a new book which challenged Nazi social and economic policies. They
slowed him down, but they couldn't stop him. He continued work on a
book which was eventually published in '49, called 'Human Action',
now considered one of the great libertarian works of our times."
There is much more, and it is all beautifully drawn and written by
Paul Pope. It is available at comic book stands everywhere. The price
is $2.95.
Cheers to D.C. Comics (1700 Broadway, New York, NY 10019)!
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-08 01:29:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Superdistribution development/release 
Nah. I don't have the attention span. :-).
Can't even do arithmatic in my head very well. Linear algebra before
LINPACK, or even spreadsheets, -- much less graphing calculators -- was
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-10 13:02:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hackers crack Yahoo, call for Mitnick release [CNN] 
At 10:52 pm -0500 on 12/9/97, Jim Choate forwarded:
I really don't know which is more funny, this line:
Or this one:
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-11 11:59:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Back to the drawing board ... 
Resent-Date: Wed, 10 Dec 1997 14:32:10 -0500
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2539
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Nev Dull Forwarded-by: "Michael A. Olson" Forwarded-by: frew (Jim Frew)
This is the new family-friendly filtered search engine put out by the
folks at Altavista: Try the query "fucking porn" and see what you get... exactly what I want
my kids to see when they are looking for "fucking porn": fucking porn.
I guess we can't expect them to filter just anything with the word
fucking in it, it might be an educational site or something.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-13 03:01:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Only criminals don't support concealed-carry laws 
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-15 01:01:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: HAYEKWEB: V Postrel on Hayek & 'Information' 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research Organization: AOL (
"Knowledge at a Cost" by Virginia I. Postrel, editor of _Reason_
magazine, on the Web at:
   ".. The "information is free" school of thought also tends to assume
that information magically appears in computer networks. But
deciding what to record and how means negotiating among people
with different needs and knowledge bases. The marketing
department of a steel company, for instance, wants products
classified by how they're used, while manufacturing wants them
classified by how they're made.
A health insurer studied by Elihu Gerson and Susan Leigh Star
of the Tremont Research Institute had a five-person unit devoted
to resolving conflicts over how to code medical procedures. Doctors,
customers, and various internal departments disagreed about what
criteria should determine the codes and how narrow the categories
should be. Yet everyone had to use the same system. The
unit's job was essentially diplomacy: getting the different groups
to agree on coding guidelines.
"Traditionally, finding solutions to information systems problems
has been framed as...arriving at the 'correct answer' via algorithmic
procedures," write Gerson and Star. But in this case, there is no
single correct answer. "Rather, there are multiple, possibly
inconsistent, competing answers, none of which has a unique
claim to validity."
Nobel laureate F.A. Hayek, one of the earliest economic theorists
of the role of knowledge, would have recognized the problem.
Organizations overcome such difficulties through compromise
and negotiation, or they break down. But society as a whole
can avoid the "knowledge problem" only at the cost of stamping
out individuality.
In his classic 1945 essay, "The Use of Knowledge in Society,"
Hayek criticized economists who believed central planning would
be simple. He wrote that "the knowledge...we must make use
never exists in concentrated or integrated form but solely as the
dispersed bits of incomplete and frequently contradictory knowledge
which all the separate individuals possess." Those "bits" include
not merely facts, but complex individual goals and preferences
information that, by its very nature, can't be centralized. In our
enthusiasm for the power of information technology, we would be
foolish to forget its limitations. Information may be cheap, but
knowledge still isn't free."
A slightly shorter version of Postrel's article originally appeared in
the June 5, 1995 issue of _Forbes ASAP_.
Hayek on the Web is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-16 12:32:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Pitney Bowes Sponsors World's Only Center for AppliedCryptographic Research 
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
Pitney Bowes Sponsors World's Only Center for Applied Cryptographic
 STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Dec. 15, 1997--
    Messaging Leader Teams With The University of Waterloo,
    Certicom Corp. and The National Science Education and
    Research Council of Canada
    In an age of explosive growth of electronic commerce, effective
protection of data storage and communications is vital.
    Pitney Bowes Inc. (NYSE:PBI), is supporting and funding critical
research into protection of electronic commerce at one of the most
highly acclaimed academic sources of cryptographic knowledge, the
University of Waterloo in Ontario, Canada.
    Pitney Bowes is partnering with Certicom Corp. of Toronto,
to found the Centre for Applied Cryptographic Research at the
University of Waterloo.  Both companies are joined by the National
Science Education and Research Council of Canada (NSERC) and
Communication and Information Technology Ontario (CITO) in the
creation of two Industrial Research Chairs in Cryptography.
    Cryptographic research delves into the process of coding data
for its protection and secure transfer.  Cryptography, in all of its
applications including data confidentiality, data integrity, and
user authentication, is an extremely powerful tool for protecting
    Increasing research and knowledge of cryptography can ultimately
increase the efficiency with which businesses operate and open up
new business opportunities.
    Cryptography is one of the keys to doing business in the 21st
century according to Dr. Joseph Wall, chief technology officer of
Pitney Bowes Inc.  "We are proud to help create this research center
and anticipate significant advances in the technology and its
understanding.  We look forward to combining these advances with our
understanding of business applications to deliver solutions which
enhance confidentiality, security and integrity in the electronic
    "Pitney Bowes has been researching and using cryptographic
applications to help customers securely transmit data and funds since
the 1960s.  Cryptography will continue to be one of our technological
cornerstones as we design solutions which help customers manage
efficiently in their information-rich environment."
    Pitney Bowes is one of the largest users of applied cryptography
in the world.  For example, cryptographic technology is an important
component in the system which Pitney Bowes used to securely download
over $10 billion in postage revenues worldwide in 1996.  Known
commercially as Postage by Phone(R), Pitney Bowes developed and patented
the system in the 1960s, received U.S. postal approval to introduce
it to the marketplace in 1978, and expanded its usage to a variety
of applications in 18 countries.
    The chair at the University of Waterloo will be established in
association with the Natural Sciences Engineering Research Council
(NSERC).  The NSERC/Pitney Bowes chairholder will be Dr. Scott
Vanstone, a faculty member at St. Jerome's College, University of
Waterloo and Chief Cryptographer of Certicom Corp.  Professor
Vanstone will take up the chair on Jan. 1, 1998.
    He is one of the world's leading cryptographers and is co-author
of the 1997 book Handbook of Applied Cryptography.  The other
chair at the University will be sponsored by Certicom Corp., which
researches, develops and licenses advanced cryptographic
technologies.  The Certicom/NSERC chair will be Dr. Douglas Stinson,
author of Cryptography: Theory and Practice.
    With regard to mathematical cryptography and combinatorics, the
University of Waterloo is the leading university in Canada and with
the establishment of the Centre for Applied Cryptographic Research,
will be one of the top research and educational facilities in the
world.  Along with the core research group of Dr. Vanstone and Dr.
Dr. Leon Pintsov of Pitney Bowes will be a member of the scientific
advisory board of the Centre.
    Pitney Bowes is a $3.9 billion provider of products and services
that support the efficient management of messages and packages in
physical and digital form.  for more information about the company,
visit the company's Web site at:  .
    --30--CB/np*  JS/np    RG/KDB/ny
Pitney Bowes, Stamford
Sheryl Y. Battles, 203/351-6808
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-17 02:31:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NIST IPsec-WIT (Web-based Interoperability Tester) on-line 
Sender: owner-ipsec
Precedence: bulk
The NIST IPsec-WIT (Web-based Interoperability Tester) is on-line
and ready for use.
IPsec-WIT is an interoperability test system built around the NIST Cerberus
IPsec reference implementation and commonly available WWW technology.
IPsec-WIT allows its users to remotely control and execute series of
interoperability tests with the Cerberus prototype.  Test case selection,
configuration, execution and results analysis are all controlled remotely
by WWW browser.  IPsec-WIT is currently operational for IPv4 IPsec protocols
(with over 60 test cases) and will soon support IPv6 as well as key management
protocol testing.
For access to IPsec-wit and additional information see:
  It is recommended that you read through
the tutorial before testing for the first time.  Comments and recommendations
can be sent to ipsec-wit-dev
Best Regards,
Rob G.
PS - Sorry if you have already seen this once.  I sent it out yesterday
afternoon and haven't seen it yet.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-17 08:41:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Biometrics for the Masses 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: jmuller (John D. Muller)
     December 13, 1997
     Bank of America, Kroger, Mr. Payroll Agree
     To Test Automated Check Cashing
     Consumers and Retailers Benefit From Facial Biometric Technology
     (Fort Worth, Texas) - Fort Worth-based Mr. Payroll Corporation , a
     wholly owned subsidiary of Cash America International (NYSE:PWN),
     along with Bank of America and The Kroger Company announced today they
     have entered into an agreement to test the Mr. Payroll automated
     check-cashing machine. The machines will be installed on December 16
     in three Dallas area Kroger locations.
     Mr. Payroll, the world's first self-service check-cashing and
     automated teller machine, uses facial biometrics (the same technology
     now used to authenticate identity in the Pentagon) to identify users.
     This technology allows people with and without a bank account or photo
     identification to cash their payroll, government or personal check.
     "We're excited to have Bank of America and Kroger join us in providing
     consumers with 24-hour access to check-cashing services. This is a
     milestone for Mr. Payroll," said Mr. Payroll President Mike Stinson.
     "We're looking forward to testing this new check cashing technology in
     these Kroger locations," said Bank of America Vice President David
     McCary. "Providing financial services at popular retail locations
     enhances convenience for consumers."
     According to Manager, Store Services and Technology Jim Gehling,
     Kroger expects automated check cashing provided by Mr. Payroll to set
     a new standard in customer service in select stores. "To help
     introduce our shoppers to the machine, we're going to offer free check
     cashing through January 31, 1998," Gehling said.
     Consumers can look for the new machines in Texas at the Kroger stores
     located at 536 Centennial in Richardson, 235 E. FM 1382 in Cedar Hill,
     and 4142 Cedar Springs in Dallas.
     Mr. Payroll, which guarantees 100 percent of every check, has
     successfully cashed more than 25,000 checks since June 1997, when the
     first machine was installed at a convenience store in Fort Worth,
     Texas. To date, Mr. Payroll machines are operating in 18 convenience
     store locations in Arkansas, California, Colorado, Georgia, Nevada,
     Oklahoma, South Carolina and Texas.
     Bank of America Texas is a subsidiary of BankAmerica Corporation
     (NYSE:BAC), which has nearly 2,000 branches in 11 states. At September
     30, 1197, BankAmerica had assets of $258 billion and deposits of $171
     billion.
     Mr. Payroll is a registered trademark of Mr. Payroll Corp. All
     products or service names mentioned are the trademarks of their
     respective owners.
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-19 08:16:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Lions and Tigers and Micromoney, Oh, My... 
Yup, and you'll like it too. Especially if it efficiently prices
net.resources so well that the cost of "administering" and "controlling"
them disappears, well past the last basis point compared to our current
network resource "allocation" scheme, with time-based fixed pricing,
"peering" agreements, etc. ...
For details of the foundations of this, cf Kevin Kelly's "Out of Control",
or any e$ rant I've written in the past few years. Remember my joke about a
router which saves enough out of operations to buy a copy of itself?
Micromoney mitochondria, picomoney processor food, and so forth... Look,
Ma, no (human) hands...
Yup. Money's fungible, and all that. In collision algorithms like hashcash
and MicroMint, you're effectively using computation time as copy protection
on unique digital objects, but *only* for that, like you're only using the
cost of intaglio printing to create unique paper bearer certificates,
dollar bills being a good example. You still have to add *value* to those
unique objects, and for that you need a market to set a price. (Sorry, Adam)
The parallels are even greater for things like hashcash, or at least
MicroMint. Like real coins in meatspace, the first collision-coin's
expensive to "mint", but the rest are vanishingly cheap. However, you *do*
want to make them to be worth something besides cycle time. That's because
the cost of anything is the foregone alternative, and all that. If you
don't attach fair value to unique useful items, someone else will and start
arbitraging them anyway. Ticket scalpers are a classic case of this. Might
as well get into the business explicitly instead of creating it for someone
else, I figure.
Anyway, all this fun with money requires, horrors, an actual financial
intermediary. Yet another private currency, in other words. Probably whole
bunches of them, I bet, all competing to fill each available market niche.
CryptoAnarchy, MarketEarth, Geodesic Economy, whatever...
Sounds more like an industrio-socialist, to me. :-). Naw... Just pulling
your leg. Put your Glock away...
Seriously, I can't imagine fixed prices for *anything* once we have
instantaneously settled cash auction markets for anything you can send down
a wire. Fixed pricing is an artifact of long production runs,
hierarchically organized "economies of scale", and all that. Moore's "Law"
creates diseconomies of scale, particularly for information goods and
services on a public network. Nodes become cheaper compared to lines, which
gives you geodesic networks instead of hierarchical ones, all that stuff.
The, um, net, result is auction pricing and cash settlement. Not will you
pay in full, Mr. Geiger, but you'll pay cheaper, too. :-). Lots cheaper, I
If you could have cash-on-the-routerhead packet switching, it would behoove
each router to have as many connections as possible to sell it's services
down. You get a *more* geodesic network. That means lots of smaller routers
instead of Forbin-sized ones that we're trying to build now. Frankly,
super-routers are lost cause. No switch can monopolize the traffic, or
it'll choke and the network will route around it. That's the nice thing
about Moore's "Law" on the net.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-21 00:26:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: copyright legislation 
Resent-Date: Fri, 19 Dec 1997 20:59:27 -0800 (PST)
X-Authentication-Warning: weber.ucsd.edu: procmail set sender to
rre-request using -f
X-Authentication-Warning: weber.ucsd.edu: Processed from queue
Reply-To: rre-maintainers
X-URL: X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/1781
X-Loop: rre
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: rre-request
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
ALAWON                                       Volume 6, Number 117
ISSN 1069-7799                                  December 18, 1997
     American Library Association Washington Office Newsline
In this issue: (200 lines)
- - -ACTION ALERT: PRESIDENTS OF MAJOR LIBRARY ASSOCIATIONS ISSUE
JOINT APPEAL FOR IMMEDIATE CONGRESSIONAL CONTACTS IN SUPPORT OF
PENDING DIGITAL COPYRIGHT LEGISLATION
- - -AN OPEN LETTER TO THE LIBRARY COMMUNITY . . .
NOTE: This message, and important supporting material, has
been transmitted in 3 parts. This ALAWON is part 1 of 3.
  ACTION ALERT: PRESIDENTS OF MAJOR LIBRARY ASSOCIATIONS ISSUE
JOINT APPEAL FOR IMMEDIATE CONGRESSIONAL CONTACTS IN SUPPORT OF
             PENDING DIGITAL COPYRIGHT LEGISLATION
As detailed in the unusual letter that immediately follows
this alert, ALA President Barbara Ford and her counterparts
at three of the nations other major library associations
have jointly called upon librarians to act **immediately**
in support of two pieces of landmark copyright legislation
now pending before Congress.  Specifically, the presidents
of AALL, ALA, ARL and SLA are jointly urging each of their
75,000 combined members to encourage both of their Senators
to cosponsor Sen. John Ashcroft's (R-MO) "Digital Copyright
Clarification and Technology Act" (S. 1146) and their House
Representative to cosponsor the "Digital Era Copyright
Enhancement Act," introduced by Reps. Rick Boucher (D-VA)
and Tom Campbell (R-CA) (H.R. 3048).
ALAWON readers will recall substantial activity in
Washington (and last winter in Geneva, Switzerland) directed
toward updating the nation's copyright laws for the digital
age.  The introduction of the separate Senate and House
bills cited above constitutes tremendous legislative
progress toward ALA's goal of preserving the current balance
in copyright law between protecting information and
affording access to it.  This progress is attributable in
large measure to the work of the Digital Future Coalition
(DFC), which ALA helped to found and in which it takes an
active role.  (DFC summaries of both S. 1146 and H.R. 3048
are included in the third part of this transmission.)
Both Sen. Ashcroft's bill (S. 1146) and the Boucher/Campbell
proposal (H.R. 3048) would affirmatively modify current law
to make clear that Fair Use fully applies in the networked
environment and that preservationists may use the latest
technologies and methods.  In addition, Rep. Boucher's bill
would extend the First Sale Doctrine -- the basis of all
library lending -- to the electronic environment.  All three
bill sponsors also have demonstrated their commitment to
assuring that no library or librarian should be legally
liable for any copyright infringement committed by a library
user acting independently.
The presidents make clear in their letter that they view S.
1146 and H.R. 3048, taken together, as the best approach to
updating the Copyright Act to meet the challenges of the
digital environment while, at the same time, preserving the
critical balance between copyright owners and users in the
electronic age.
ACTION ALERT:
Your help is needed in the next several weeks in assisting
Sen. Ashcroft and Reps. Boucher and Campbell to persuade
other members of the Senate and House to cosponsor S. 1146
and H.R. 3048, respectively.  All ALA members -- and library
supporters or all kinds -- are urgently requested to:
- - -- study the attached fact sheets detailing the intent and
provisions of S. 1146 and H.R. 3048;
- - -- write to your House and Senate delegations requesting
co-sponsorship of these bills (separate sample letters for
the Senate and House are included in part 2 of this
message); and
- - -- call and visit the members of your Congressional
delegation before January 25, 1998 and ask them specifically
to "cosponsor" S. 1146 or H.R. 3048, as appropriate.
Let Congress know that you care about updating copyright law
for all Americans.  Libraries' effectiveness and vitality in
the 21st century depends on them...and on you.  For
information about contacting your Senators and
Representatives and further background on this critical
legislation, please consult the ALA Washington Office
website at  or the Digital Future
Coalition's home page at   Inquiries also
may be directed to Adam Eisgrau, legislative counsel for the
ALA Washington Office, at 800/941-8478.
         AN OPEN LETTER TO THE LIBRARY COMMUNITY . . .
December 5, 1997
Dear Library Supporter:
As the presidents of four of the nation's major library
associations, we write to ask for your assistance in garnering
support for two pieces of federal legislation of critical
importance to the library community, indeed to libraries in every
community.  These bills are Sen. John Ashcroft's (R-MO) "Digital
Copyright Clarification and Technology Act" (S. 1146) and the
"Digital Era Copyright Enhancement Act," jointly introduced by
Representatives Rick Boucher (D-VA) and Tom Campbell (R-CA) (H.R.
In our view, these proposals present the best approach to
updating the Copyright Act to meet the challenges of the digital
environment while, at the same time, preserving the critical
balance between copyright owners and users in the electronic age.
Both bills include provisions which are essential to libraries if
we are to effectively serve our patrons, scholars, researchers,
and students in the networked environment.  We seek your
immediate help in assisting Sen. Ashcroft and Reps. Boucher and
Campbell to persuade other members of the Senate and House to
cosponsor S. 1146 and H.R. 3048, respectively.
WHY THIS EFFORT IS IMPORTANT TO ALL LIBRARIES
Each year, millions of researchers, students, and members of the
public benefit from access to library collections -- access that
is supported by fair use, preservation programs, interlibrary
loan, and more. We must ensure that the Copyright Act continues
to serve the public who rely upon these collections and services.
The Ashcroft and Boucher-Campbell bills seek to update the
Copyright Act by extending the balance that we currently enjoy so
that owners, creators, and users alike may benefit fully from the
opportunities of the digital environment.  These bills
appropriately extend the balance by clarifying or updating
selected privileges granted to libraries, researchers,
educational institutions and others under current law.
ACTION IS NEEDED NOW!
Accordingly, we are asking the members of our Associations -- and
all other library supporters -- to:
     -study the attached fact sheets and sample letter detailing
     the intent and provisions of S. 1146 and H.R. 3048;
     -write to your House and Senate delegations requesting
     co-sponsorship of these bills; and
     -call and visit the members of your Congressional delegation
     and ask them to cosponsor S. 1146 or H.R. 3048, as
     appropriate.
Senator Ashcroft, and Representatives Boucher and Campbell, would
appreciate our help in achieving passage of this potentially
landmark legislation.  The most critical first step in this
process is to engage members of Congress and seek their
endorsement of these bills.  Let Congress know now the importance
of updating the Copyright Act for your institution, your users,
and of ensuring that libraries will be able to effectively serve
the nation in the information age.
Thank you.  Our associations stand ready to assist you in any way
that we can.  Please do not hesitate to call upon us and to let
us know of your efforts.
Judith A. Meadows, President
American Association of Law Libraries
Barbara J. Ford, President
American Library Association
James G. Neal, President
Association of Research Libraries
Judith J. Field, President
Special Libraries Association
ALAWON is a free, irregular publication of the American Library
Association Washington Office.  To subscribe, send the message:
subscribe ala-wo [your_firstname] [your_lastname] to listproc
  To unsubscribe, send the message: unsubscribe ala-wo
to listproc ALAWON archives at washoff/alawon. Visit our Web site at ALA Washington Office                            202.628.8410 (V)
1301 Pennsylvania Ave., NW,                  202.628.8419 (F)
Washington, DC 20004-1701                        800.941.8478 (V)
Lynne E. Bradley, Editor                        Deirdre Herman, Managing Editor  Contributors:                                        Adam Eisgrau
All materials subject to copyright by the American Library
Association may be reprinted or redistributed for noncommercial
purposes with appropriate credits.
Reply-To: pub-adv
ALAWON                                       Volume 6, Number 118
ISSN 1069-7799                                  December 18, 1997
     American Library Association Washington Office Newsline
In this issue: (106 lines)
SAMPLE LETTERS FOR MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES AND
THE SENATE RE: REQUEST FOR COSPONSORSHIP OF CRITICAL COPYRIGHT
NOTE: This message, and important supporting material, has been
transmitted in 3 parts.  This ALAWON is part 2 of 3.
NOTE: To contact your Senators or Representatives, one source is
a Library of Congress compilation at
   SAMPLE LETTER FOR MEMBERS OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Hon. (Name of Representative)
United States House of Representatives
Room  (Cannon, Longworth, or Rayburn) House Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20515
Re:   Request for Cosponsorship of Critical Copyright Legislation
Dear Representative (Last Name):
I recently learned that bipartisan legislation has been
introduced in the House by Reps. Rick Boucher of Virginia and Tom
Campbell of California which would broadly update United States
copyright law for the future in a way that will both protect the
owners of information and continue to allow librarians and
educators access to information under reasonable circumstances.
I am writing to you today to ask that you lend your name to that
legislation, the  Digital Era Copyright Enhancement Act,  which
has been assigned number H.R. 3048.
As a [librarian/school librarian/library user/library
trustee/friend of libraries], I feel strongly that any changes
made to the Copyright Act must be balanced in a way that allows
the benefits of the Internet to reach all sectors of society,
especially library users and students.  The Boucher/Campbell bill
will accomplish this very important goal in several important
ways.  When Congress reconvenes in January, please add your name
to H.R. 3048 as a cosponsor.
Thank you for your assistance in this important debate.
            SAMPLE LETTER FOR MEMBERS OF THE SENATE
Hon. (Full Name)
United States Senate
Room  (Dirkson, Hart, or Russell)Senate Office Building
Washington, D.C. 20510
Re:   Request for Cosponsorship of Critical Copyright Legislation
Dear Senator (Last Name):
I recently learned that legislation has been introduced by
Senator John Ashcroft of Missouri which would broadly update
United States copyright law for cyberspace in a way that will
both protect the owners of information and continue to allow
librarians and educators access to information under reasonable
circumstances.   I am writing to you today to ask that you lend
your name to that legislation, the  Digital Copyright
Clarification and Technology Education Act,  which has been
assigned number S. 1146.
As a [librarian/school librarian/library user/library
trustee/friend of libraries], I feel strongly that any changes
made to the Copyright Act must be balanced in a way that allows
the benefits of the Internet to reach all sectors of society,
especially library users and school children.  The Ashcroft bill
will accomplish this very important goal in several important
ways.  When Congress reconvenes in January, please add your name
to S. 1146 as a cosponsor.
Thank you for your assistance in this important debate.
ALAWON is a free, irregular publication of the American Library
Association Washington Office.  To subscribe, send the message:
subscribe ala-wo [your_firstname] [your_lastname] to listproc
  To unsubscribe, send the message: unsubscribe ala-wo
to listproc ALAWON archives at washoff/alawon. Visit our Web site at ALA Washington Office                            202.628.8410 (V)
1301 Pennsylvania Ave., NW,                  202.628.8419 (F)
Washington, DC 20004-1701                        800.941.8478 (V)
Lynne E. Bradley, Editor                        Deirdre Herman, Managing Editor  Contributors:                                        Adam Eisgrau
All materials subject to copyright by the American Library
Association may be reprinted or redistributed for noncommercial
purposes with appropriate credits.
ALAWON                                       Volume 6, Number 119
ISSN 1069-7799                                  December 18, 1997
     American Library Association Washington Office Newsline
In this issue: (213 lines)
- - -THE BOUCHER-CAMPBELL BILL (H.R. 3048)
WHAT DOES IT DO? WHY DOES DFC SUPPORT IT?
- - -THE ASHCROFT BILL (S. 1146)
WHAT DOES IT DO? WHY DOES DFC SUPPORT IT?
NOTE: This message, and important supporting material, has
been transmitted in 3 parts. This ALAWON is part 3 of 3.
NOTE: The Digital Future Coalition (DFC) is a coalition of
library, education, public interest and industry organizations
committed to balanced copyright policy.  ALA helped to found the
coalition and takes an active role in its work.
             THE BOUCHER-CAMPBELL BILL (H.R. 3048)
           WHAT DOES IT DO? WHY DOES DFC SUPPORT IT?
Representatives Rick Boucher (D-VA) and Tom Campbell (R-CA) have
introduced the only comprehensive bill in the U.S. House of
Representatives that will maintain balance in the Copyright Act
by preserving for consumers, educators, librarians, researchers,
and other Netizens fundamental rights in the digital era. Like a
similar bill introduced by Senator John Ashcroft (S. 1146), this
comprehensive, balanced bill has the strong support of the DFC.
If you agree with us that the House of Representatives should
adopt the Boucher-Campbell bill instead of the legislation
proposed by the Clinton Administration (H.R. 2281), we encourage
you to send an e-mail to your elected Representative in the
SECTION 1--TITLE. The bill is known as the "Digital Era Copyright
Enhancement Act."
FAIR USE. Section 2 would amend section 107 of the Copyright Act
to reaffirm that a finding of "fair use" may be made without
regard to the means by which a work has been performed,
displayed, or distributed. Thus, just as teachers, librarians,
and others may make "fair use" copies of portions of copyrighted
works today in the analog world, they may do so tomorrow in the
digital world.
LIBRARY PRESERVATION. Section 3 would amend section 108 of the
Copyright Act to allow libraries and archives to use new forms
of technology to make three copies of endangered materials for
archival purposes.
FIRST SALE. Section 4 would amend section 109 of the Copyright
Act to establish the digital equivalent of the "first sale"
doctrine. Under current law, a person who has legally obtained a
book or video cassette may physically transfer it to another
person without permission of the copyright owner. Section 4 would
permit electronic transmission of a lawfully acquired digital
copy of a work as long as the person making the transfer
eliminates erases or that copy of the work from his or her system
at substantially the same time as he or she makes the transfer.
DISTANCE LEARNING. Section 5 would amend sections 110(2) and
112(b) of the Copyright Act to ensure that educators can use
personal computers and new technology in a broad range of
educational settings in the same way they now use televisions to
foster distance learning. In addition, Section 5 would broaden
the range of works that may be performed, displayed, or
distributed to include the various kinds of works that might be
included in a multimedia lesson.
EPHEMERAL COPIES. Section 6 would amend section 117 of the
Copyright Act to make explicit that electronic copies of material
incidentally or temporarily made in the process of using a
computer or a computer network may not serve as the sole basis
for copyright infringement liability, such as when a work is
viewed on the World Wide Web.
UNFAIR LICENSES. Section 7 would effectively preclude copyright
owners from using non-negotiable license terms to abrogate or
narrow rights and use privileges that consumers otherwise would
enjoy under the Copyright Act, such as their fair use privilege,
by preempting state common and statutory law, such as the
proposed changes to the Uniform Commercial Code.
BLACK BOXES. Section 8 would implement the anti-circumvention and
copyright management information provisions of the WIPO Copyright
Treaty and the WIPO Performances and Phonograms Treaty. The
treaties do not require the broad prohibition of software and
devices that might be used by infringers as proposed in the
legislation drafted by the Clinton Administration. Consistent
with the treaties, section 8 would create liability only for a
person who, for purposes of infringement, knowingly circumvents
the operation of an effective technological measure used by a
copyright owner to limit reproduction of a work in a digital
format. The bill also would create liability for a person who
knowingly provides false copyright management information or
removes or alters copyright management information without the
authority of the copyright owner, and with the intent to mislead
or induce or facilitate infringement.
                  THE ASHCROFT BILL (S. 1146)
           WHAT DOES IT DO? WHY DOES DFC SUPPORT IT?
Senator John Ashcroft (Missouri) has introduced the only
comprehensive bill that will maintain balance in the Copyright
Act by preserving for consumers, educators, librarians,
researchers, and other Netizens fundamental rights in the digital
era. The bill contains three separate titles. They are summarized
below. If you agree with us that Congress should enact this law
instead of separate legislation proposed by the Clinton
Administration, we encourage you to send an e-mail to Senators on
the Judiciary Committee.
TITLE I. OSP/ISP LIABILITY
To foster the continued growth of the Internet, this portion of
the bill would--
     -clarify that merely providing network services and
     facilities for transmitting an electronic communication will
     not result in liability under the Copyright Act;
     -confirm that providing a site-linking aid, a navigational
     aid (including a search engine or browser), or the tools for
     creating a site-linking aid will not result in liability
     under the Copyright Act;
     -clarify that Internet and on-line service providers will
     not be liable for third-party copyright infringement unless
     they have received notice and have a reasonable opportunity
     to limit the third-party infringement; and
     -confirm that an employee of an educational institution,
     library, or archives will not be deemed to have received
     notice and thus will not be required to "take down" an
     allegedly infringing work if she believed the use was a fair
     use or otherwise lawful.
TITLE II. TECHNOLOGY FOR TEACHERS AND LIBRARIANS
Section 202 would amend section 107 of the Copyright Act to
reaffirm that a finding of "fair use" may be made without regard
to the means by which a work has been performed, displayed, or
distributed. Thus, just as teachers, librarians, and others may
make "fair use" copies of portions of copyrighted works today in
the analog world, they may do so tomorrow in the digital world.
Section 203 would amend section 108 of the Copyright Act to allow
libraries to use new forms of technology to make three copies of
endangered materials for archival purposes.
Section 204 would amend section 110(2) and 112(b) of the
Copyright Act to ensure that educators can use personal computers
to foster "distance learning" in a broad range of educational
settings in the same way they use televisions in traditional
classrooms today.
Section 205 would amend section 117 of the Copyright Act to make
explicit that electronic copies of material incidentally or
temporarily made in the process of using a computer or a computer
network may not serve as the sole basis for copyright
infringement liability, such as when a work is viewed on the
World Wide Web.
TITLE III. WIPO IMPLEMENTATION
Sections 1201 and 1202 would implement provisions of two
international copyright treaties adopted by the World
Intellectual Property Organization. The WIPO treaties oblige
signatory nations to offer legal protection against circumvention
of technology intended to protect copyrighted material against
infringement, but do not require the broad prohibition of
software or devices that might be used by infringers.
Section 1201 would only create liability for a person who--for
purposes of infringing a copyrighted work--knowingly circumvents
the application of an effective anti-copying measure used to
protect a work in a digital format. In contrast, the legislation
proposed by the Clinton Administration at the urging of Hollywood
and other content owners could outlaw new PCS and digital VCRs,
and frustrate the fair use rights of information consumers.
Section 1202 would create liability for a person who knowingly
provides false copyright management information or who removes or
alters copyright management information without the authority of
the copyright owner.
ALAWON is a free, irregular publication of the American Library
Association Washington Office.  To subscribe, send the message:
subscribe ala-wo [your_firstname] [your_lastname] to listproc
  To unsubscribe, send the message: unsubscribe ala-wo
to listproc ALAWON archives at washoff/alawon. Visit our Web site at ALA Washington Office                            202.628.8410 (V)
1301 Pennsylvania Ave., NW,                  202.628.8419 (F)
Washington, DC 20004-1701                        800.941.8478 (V)
Lynne E. Bradley, Editor                        Deirdre Herman, Managing Editor  Contributors:                                        Adam Eisgrau
All materials subject to copyright by the American Library
Association may be reprinted or redistributed for noncommercial
purposes with appropriate credits.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-21 00:23:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: getting beyond cyberspace 
More proof that old Hegelians never die, they just synthesize themselves
into nonsense. Or, if you give a Hegelian enough time with no data, he'll
synthesize himself a rope and hang himself with. Or something.
Then there's the old logic joke: "There are two kinds of people, those who
use dichotomies and those who don't." :-).
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Resent-Date: Fri, 19 Dec 1997 20:59:45 -0800 (PST)
X-Authentication-Warning: weber.ucsd.edu: procmail set sender to
rre-request using -f
X-Authentication-Warning: weber.ucsd.edu: Processed from queue
Reply-To: rre-maintainers
X-URL: X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/1780
X-Loop: rre
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: rre-request
[When important new technologies come along, they create an imaginative
vacuum, and that vacuum is often filled with millenarian ideologies such
as the one about cyberspace.  Once the millennialists start promising world
peace, however, we can be sure that their day has passed, and that it is
time for a new ideology that is grounded in concrete attempts to integrate
the emerging technology with the real institutional world.  The enclosed
column about the reality check that can be glimpsed beyond the ideology
of cyberspace appeared in the November/December 1997 issue of Technology
Review.  The TR people picked the title.  The column was invited as an
"audition" for a regular columnist's position in the radically overhauled
version of Technology Review that is due in the spring.  I didn't pass
the audition.  Which is how it goes, of course, although I and many others
are waiting with some concern to see whether the new magazine retains the
integrity of the classic version.]
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
  The Next Internet Hero
  Phil Agre
    Copyright 1997 by MIT's Technology Review.  You may forward this
  article to anyone for any noncommercial purpose, provided that
  you forward it in its entirety, including this copyright notice.
Every new technology is accompanied by a grand narrative.  The
Internet's grand narratives have focused on heroes: people who are
leading the transition to a more information-intensive society.  The
Internet has produced two generations of hero figures.  Now it's time
for a third.
The first hero was the good hacker.  The Internet originated in a
special setting -- the community funded by the Advanced Research
Projects Agency (ARPA).  These earliest hackers were establishment
revolutionaries.  Their guiding narrative was that information
technology and human beings are symbiotic elements of a larger system.
They owned the biggest computers and they defined the technologies
that became the Internet.
The next hero was the rebel hacker.  The second generation viewed
hacking as something that happens outside of established institutions.
Electronic mail, for example, symbolized and sometimes aided
resistance to hierarchy.  Rebel hackers include the "cypherpunks", who
resist authority by propagating robust encryption software.  But rebel
hackers can be found in practically any organization; they were the
folks who spent their evenings and weekends creating the first million
or so Web pages during the early-to-mid 1990s.  More social movement
than business practice, these Web projects were rarely integrated into
organizational procedures or strategies.
The rebel hacker is guided by the notion of cyberspace, a digital
ether that transcends the obsolete constraints of the physical
world.  This is a religious idea, and it inherits a long millenarian
tradition.  It promises to level hierarchies, erase borders, confound
the powers of the earth, and institute a perpetual utopia of peace
and plenty for all.  A belief in cyberspace is the twentieth century's
last revolutionary ideology.
The grand narrative of cyberspace, however, no longer tells us what we
need to know.  The rebel hackers derived their revolutionary edge from
the continuing rapid growth in microprocessor power, telecommunications
bandwidth, and data storage capacity.  Dramatic improvements in
information technology, they said, would surely turn society inside
out.  But this argument is misleading.  We can indeed be confident
that the basic building blocks of computers and networks will continue
to improve.  But we cannot predict what will be built from them -- the
architecture of the many-layered information infrastructure that is
rapidly emerging around the world.
The questions are endless: Will online commerce systems support
anonymous payment, or will they keep complete records of our
transactions?  Will our communications systems let users screen
out unwanted messages, or will we drown in mass mailings?  Will
educational systems support new kinds of learning, or merely introduce
new forms of rote drill?  Will the Internet continue to embody the
scientific community's values of open information, or will it converge
with the business models of broadcast media?  The answers to these
questions are not dictated by the basic workings of the machinery.
They are matters not for prediction but for choice.  The Internet
is becoming integrated with institutions, influencing them and
being influenced in turn.  Society needs institutions, after all,
and information technology provides us with a tremendous opportunity
to redesign our institutions in ways that express the values of a
democratic society.  This is not a job for the rebel hacker, who is
sworn simply to resist the bad institutions of yore.
That's why we need a new kind of Internet hero: the public hacker.
Whereas the good hacker and the rebel hacker changed the world by
changing technology, the public hacker builds bridges between the
esoteric world of technical work and the bigger, messier world in
which values are argued and chosen.  The public hacker is bilingual,
translating between technical issues and legal issues, between
the dynamics of systems and the dynamics of communities, between
technological visions and social visions.
The public hacker still invents technologies when they're necessary,
propagates them when they're useful, and defends them when they
deserve it.  But this new hero's imagination is not entirely driven
by the machinery.  Some examples: Mitchell Kapor, co-founder of
the Electronic Frontier Foundation, helped catalyze a remarkably
broad-based public discussion of the social values at stake as
we create the information infrastructure.  Peter Neumann edits an
Internet forum, the Risks Digest, that has sensitized innumerable
computer people to the things that go wrong with computer systems in
real institutional settings.  And Pamela Samuelson brings technical
and legal analysis together in the public sphere, helping policymakers
tackle the intellectual property issues that arise in digital media.
If these people don't seem like traditional heroes, perhaps we need
a new conception of heroism.  Revolutionary heroes changed the world
in a unilateral way.  Now we need heroes who can help us imagine our
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-24 09:07:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Cryptix 3.0 - the International JCE 
Precedence: Bulk
Happy Xmas from the Cryptix Development Team!   Here's the full story:
For immediate release:
Cryptix 3.0 - the International JCE
23 December 1997 -- A major new release of Cryptix is now available on
web sites around the world. Cryptix V3.0 includes the International Java
Cryptography Extension (IJCE).
The cleanroom implementation of the JavaSoft specification was built by
David Hopwood and Raif Naffah, and also includes new algorithms by the
team, including the long-awaited unencumbered ElGamal public key
Cryptix includes the strong cryptography that is needed to protect
privacy and electronic commerce on the Internet. With this release, the
Cryptix Development Team is maintaining its committment to quality,
freeware cryptography.
In full, the Cryptix International JCE release supports:
       Symmetric
       encryption
                      Blowfish, CAST5, DES,
                      Triple DES, IDEA,
                      LOKI'91, RC2, RC4,
                      SAFER, SPEED, Square
       Message digests
                      HAVAL, MD2, MD4,
                      MD5, RIPEMD-128,
                      RIPEMD-160, SHA-0,
                      SHA-1
       Public-key
       encryption
                      RawElGamal GF(p), RSA
       Public-key
       signatures
                      RawElGamal GF(p), RSA
       Padding
                      PKCS PKCS
                      OneAndZeroes, NONE
       Modes
                      ECB, CBC, CFB,
                      CFB-PGP, OFB
       Miscellaneous
                      Base64 encoding
Cryptix now offers the widest choice in Java cryptographic solutions.
These benefits can be downloaded from the international mirror index
listed below.
A design goal of maintaining compatibility with Java 1.0.2 has been
substantially achieved, although specific Java 1.1 features and some of
the new algorithms (ElGamal and KeyGenerators) are not available when
using the older standard. This provides a smoother upgrade path to full
J1.1 and JCE functionality.
The international download mirror index is located at
   The Cryptix
Development Team acknowledges the kind assistance of the many mirror
sites that permit widespread and free distribution of the product, to
maximum benefit of the Internet community.
David Hopwood , Raif S. Naffah and Ian Grigg  are available to answer questions on
this release of Cryptix.
- - - - - - - - -
Cryptix is a trademark of Systemics Ltd.
Java is a trademark of Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Sun Microsystems does not endorse this release,
and are not involved in any way with the product.
iang                                      systemics.com
FP: 1189 4417 F202 5DBD  5DF3 4FCD 3685 FDDE on pgp.com

@_date: 1997-12-24 12:43:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Ancient Banking History 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: aurelius (Frank Sudia)
X-e$pam-source: bounce-dcsb
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$

@_date: 1997-12-25 11:59:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [SOCIOBIO] Happy PC Holidays 
Reply-To: phausman
Sender: Discussing the Evolutionary Approach to Human Development
Greetings all,
Found this on the Internet, and thought it might bring some comic relief
to our discussions of late.
A very happy holiday season to all of you,
My best,
PATRICIA HAUSMAN
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-27 10:23:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Cryptographer examines Kaczynski's journal 
X-Authentication-Warning: fma66.fma.com: majordomo set sender to
owner-espam using -f
X-Orig-From: erehwon (William Knowles)
X-e$pam-source: bounce-dcsb
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: e$

@_date: 1997-12-11 10:32:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Donald Eastlake; "SET and UNSET" 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
               The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                       Donald Eastlake 3rd
                         Cybercash, Inc.
                          SET and UNSET
                      Tuesday, January 6, 1997
                             12 - 2 PM
                 The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                   One Federal Street, Boston, MA
After great gestational pain, version 1.0 of the complex, heavyweight
Secure Electronic Transacation (SET) protocol has been promulgated by the
credit card association, is being deployed in pilots, and is continuing
to have features added to it in a SET 2.0 design effort.  Meanwhile, the
environment that lead to SET continues to change and new alternatives for
securing card/account based transactions are being suggested.
Donald Eastlake 3rd is a Principal Systems Engineer at CyberCash, Inc.
before which he was in the Pathworks network group at Digital Equipment
Corporation.  At CyberCash, he helped design the "CyberCash message format"
documented in RFC 2898 and implemented the library routines that support
them. He also architected and did the preliminary implementation of
CyberCash's SET implementation.  He is active in IETF standards efforts and
is currently the document editor for the IETF DNS security working group
including RFCs 2065 and 2137.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, January 6, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, January 3rd, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-11 16:53:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: some interesting news... 
Bob, you can forward this if you like to any appropriate newsgroups (but
only if it hasn't already been mentioned).  If it isn't entirely clear,
let me know.
According to Netscape's press release of 12/10/97, their new Mission
Control software solution includes an LDAP directory server and a
certificate server.  That certificate server boasts an interesting new
feature: the ability for the server to generate not just certs but also
the keys, and install them on remotely managed browsers.  They are
positioning this as a feature for organizations that want to use keys
but don't want to lose access to corporate data.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1997-12-31 08:49:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Why use open crypto/commerce source? 
Will Price of PGP writes one of the best-organized arguments for open
cryptography source code -- and I would extend that to digital commerce
code as well -- that I've seen in a while. While I wonder if this may be
written more for Will's new colleagues at Network Associates than anywhere
else :-), I would reccommend that anyone who asks you "How can you sell
open source?" get a copy of this.
Excellent, Will.
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: wprice
Precedence: bulk
Rather than quoting the messages on this topic, I'll just reference the
other messages on the topic of export algorithms and issues which
originated from my exclusion of export algorithms from the TLS/OpenPGP
Spec.  The debate over exactly what one can export legally usually proceeds
under seriously false assumptions in my opinion.  It generally starts with
what bit level algorithm can be exported, proceeds to discussions about
hooks whether general or crypto specific, usually has some mention of
MS-CAPI until people realize that the modules have to be signed, those with
legal knowledge try to jump in and help, and ends up with people being
somewhat confused and feeling fairly helpless leading to less crypto
software being written -- exactly the result the US government intended.
Not directed at anyone in particular, but let's get back to basics people.
There's no sense whatsoever in putting "export" algorithms into a product.
It isn't encryption.  The time is truly upon us when export algorithms are
crackable in near real time by normal people.  You might as well include a
decoder ring with your product, it will take just as long or longer to
decrypt for a casual attacker.
At Pretty Good Privacy, we developed a reliable system which will be
continued by Network Associates.  The outline: write source code for
product, print source code in book, distribute book using normal means.
Now the process becomes somewhat foggier.  In any case, printed source code
for product gets exported -- note that this is of course legal.
Individuals outside the US scan source code.  A legally exported binary
version of the product then becomes available internationally.  Copyrights,
trademarks, and licenses protect the original vendor and revenue can be
made off the exported product.  This is only one highly functional system
for getting this done.  One other alternative is to base all R&D outside
the US which is infeasible for most US companies -- but Sun did it with
SKIP.  Finally, the crypto hooks mechanism does work and Commerce does in
fact approve APIs that are intended for crypto but have been generalized
for other uses, Qualcomm's EMSAPI used in Eudora is a perfect example of
I can hear the first cry that some people will have now: are you crazy, we
can't publish our source code!  My response: well then what are you doing
in the security business?  This sector isn't about proprietary algorithms
and code.  It is not feasible to achieve secure software without public
peer review by many cryptographers.  We have seen time and time again how
the smallest security bugs have turned into major international crises for
some of the larger companies doing this.  One can only imagine how many
more such issues are left to be found were a quality cryptographic public
peer review to take place on such products with access to source code.  The
majority of users reading the New York Times have no clue what a particular
security flaw is about.  They just know that the NYT says that product is
insecure.  Such stories reduce user faith in everybody's security products.
The only solution is public code review.
Now I can hear not only the cries about publishing source code, but the
feathers of some readers getting ruffled believing that I have implied
security flaws in their wonderful products.  Not at all.  I have the utmost
respect for any company that makes an attempt to write crypto software in
the US.  We're all under these silly laws together.  I use some of the
products which have had reported security flaws in the past, but those
products would be that much more valuable if one was able to trust their
security from 3rd party review and if their protocol infrastructures had
not been infected by 40 bit scrambling algorithms.
Some companies will undoubtedly never bring themselves to implementing one
of the above systems and will thus be relegated to snake oil security
internationally until the laws in the US change.  However, there *are* good
and reliable ways for even the largest companies to solve this problem
legally.  Inclusion of "export" algorithms is, IMHO, security suicide.
What has happened in many cases is that the installed base of, for
instance, S/MIME and SSL users has been so infected by 40 bit clients that
the vast majority really have no idea that the security they are using is
completely useless.  It forces those few with secure clients corresponding
with those using 40 bit clients to also use 40 bit and so on -- generally
without any warning to either user that their security has been eliminated.
Some companies like Wells Fargo have tried to take a stand and require 128
bit crypto SSL and they get major flack from users who don't understand
what is wrong with their 40 bit browser.
Caving in and using 40 bit algorithms is *not* a solution to anything.  We
all know this, but the speed of business can make that choice less clear.
The argument that "we have to sell it, so we have to include 40 bit" just
doesn't wash given that there are all sorts of creative legal alternatives.
The bigger the company, the more resources that company has to enable the
alternatives -- which is why it is so odd that the smaller companies often
produce the more secure software.  Mass producing a source code book of
would be doing, but is trivial for a normal company.
Let's not infect our protocols with such politics.  TLS 1.0 is a done deal
as far as I'm concerned.  SSL3 had export algorithms, so TLS1 does too,
fine.  There are now many better solutions to the export problem, let's not
fall into the trap of using the easiest way out in new specifications.
Will Price, Architect
Network Associates, Inc.
Direct  (650)596-1956
Main    (650)572-0430
Fax     (650)631-1033
Cell/VM (650)533-0399
PGPkey: --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-02 02:32:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Peter Huber on the Orwellian Falacy 
X-Sender: oldbear
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: The Old Bear    HIGH-TECH'S LIBERATING EFFECT
   As the Internet makes inroads into information-restrictive nations,
   such as China, efforts to limit access to only "desirable" ideas
   are doomed to failure, say experts.
   "The complaint one hears against the Internet isn't that there is
   too little speech," says Manhattan Institute analyst Peter Huber.
   "Instead, the argument is that there is too much hateful or
   pornographic speech.
   Stalin manipulated the past, altering photos and just wiping
   people and events out of the historical record.  But today,
   documents and photos get downloaded and stored in files all over
   the world.  You can make corrupt copies, false copies, but you
   can't erase real copies now."
   Huber, author of the book "Orwell's Revenge," applauds the move
   by industry to make encryption products widely available:  "It
   means that we can now create a zone of privacy that the government
   can't penetrate.  That's the exact opposite of what Orwell through
   would happen."
   source: Investor's Business Daily
           December 30, 1997
           as summarized by Edupage
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-05 04:35:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: BOOK: Forthcoming - J Gray, _Hayek on Liberty 3rd edition_ 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research Organization: AOL (
Routledge -- Hayek's publisher in England and on the Continent of Europe,
on the Web at:
"_Hayek on Liberty Third Edition_
John Gray, Jesus College, University of Oxford
Published by Routledge
ISBN/ISSN: 0-415-17315-9
"In Hayek on Liberty John Gray treats Hayek primarily as a philosopher. His
book is analytical, not hagiographical, and almost certainly the best book on
the subject.' - Samuel Brittan, Financial Times
'The most generally accessible book on Hayek so far.' - Anthony Quinton,
Times Higher Education Supplement
Hayek's achievements in social and political philosophy are increasingly
receiving full recognition. _Hayek on Liberty 3rd Edition_ is a concise yet
exhaustive and provoking study of this classic liberal philosopher which
examines the structure and impact of his system of ideas and locates his
position within Western philosophy. Not available since the 1980s this
up-dated 3rd edition contains a postscript which assesses how far the
historical developments of the last ten years can be deployed in a critique
of Hayek's thought. This book will contribute to a much needed wider
debate on the future of conservatism.
192 pages
Dimensions: 5 1/2 x 8 1/2 inches; 216 x 138 mm
Status: Coming Soon"
Hayek on the Web is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-06 06:19:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Remailers 
Precedence: Bulk
Reply-To: "ListMom-Talk Discussion List" Sender: "ListMom-Talk Discussion List" X-URL: That's me.
I decided to stop accepting posts from anonymous remailers way back,
when anon.penet.fi was still alive. Some of that is philosophy, some of
that was problems.
As far as problems, it's the normal stuff -- personal attacks,
mailbombing through anonymous remailers, copyright/slander/libel
issues, all the normal fun and games. Since you can't track users back,
you have real problems policing them. And since anonymous remailers
tend to allow multiple (heading towards infinite) remailing addresses,
the practical issue of how to lock out an abusive user becomes severe.
That's why Juno is bounced -- you can create accounts and then use them
instantly, with no policing and no tracking. I had a problem a while
back with an idiot who did, abusively. After about four rounds of
trying to get him to go away, I did it the hard way, with a virtual
neutron bomb.
Juno's no help. In THAT case, I got email from them six weeks later
apologizing for being so delayed in responding to my requests for help.
they didn't offer to help, they just apologized for not telling me they
wouldn't for so long. And that's been typical of my dealing with them.
They don't police. They don't care. Their systems are set up so that
basically, they *can't* police things.
So I just don't even get into it. Since I can't police their users, I
police their site. Effectively, they are an anonymous remailer. God
knows enough folks use them as one.
         Chuq Von Rospach (chuq Apple IS&T Mail List Gnome
 Plaidworks Consulting (chuqui    ( +-+ The home for Hockey on the net)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-09 07:09:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: HAYEKWEB: Hackney on Law & Econ History & Hayek 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research Organization: AOL (
"Law and Neoclassical Economics: Science, Politics, and
the Reconfiguration of American Tort Law Theory" by James R. Hackney, Jr.
on the Web at:
the Reconfiguration of American Tort Law Theory" by James R. Hackney, Jr.:
" .. C. The Antistatist Imperative: F. A. Hayek
and the Road to Law and Neoclassical Economics
The technique of analysis coming out of early twentieth-century Vienna
was not linked to any particular ideological position. In fact, Janik and
Toulmin illustrate that the fundamental position could be characterized
as "apolitical." However, F. A. Hayek independently provided a distinct
ideological position shaped by the Viennese experience41 that had a
profound impact on ideological debates in post-World War II America
and, by extension, on economic analysis. Hayek's migration to England
influenced the LSE debates that are crucial to understanding the strands
of economic thought that framed Coase's work in particular, and law and
neoclassical economics in general. In addition, Hayek directly shaped
the law and neoclassical economics project at the University of Chicago.42
Hayek stated his ideological position in The Road to Serfdom.43  He
asserted that Serfdom "is a political book" and that "all I shall have to
say is derived from certain ultimate values."44 Written while Hayek
held a professorship at the LSE, Serfdom was conceived as a direct
 response to a socialist ethos that permeated the European continent
and endangered the liberal underpinnings of English politics. The goal
of the book was to sound a "warning to the socialist intelligentsia of
 England"45 that their program would lead to the very totalitarianism
so many had fought against.  Despite its focus on the English
intellectual scene, the book had an enormous impact in the
United States.46 In fact, it produced a more extreme reaction,
both positive and negative, in the United States than in England.
No doubt part of the consternation on the American left was due
to the boldness and scope of Serfdom.47 While the argument that
"hot socialism" would poison a society might not have unsettled
leftists, Hayek made similar claims regarding the welfare state.48
The problem articulated in Serfdom was that some of the core
beliefs of hot socialism had become so embedded in the conceptual
framework of intellectual thought that they threatened to undermine
liberal society under the guise of the welfar state or egalitarian rhetoric.
This would come, for example, in the form of knee-jerk calls for
state/bureaucratic intervention in the economy when "judicious
use of financial inducements might evoke spontaneous efforts."49
The polemical force of Serfdom stemmed from its evocation of the
 dangers of totalitarianism, particularly the Nazi Germany variety,
manifest in social approaches to the ills that befall society.  Hayek
boldly and flatly asserted that "[i]t is necessary now to state the
unpalatable truth that it is Germany whose fate we are in some
danger of repeating."50  The core of the antistatist stance as
 articulated in Serfdom grew out of the belief in the uniqueness
of individual activity and thought ("ethical individualism"). It was
 unacceptable, in fact impossible, for anyone other than the
individual to make decisions for the individual without imposing
 an alien set of values. At that point, seemingly benign policy
 prescriptions dissolved into naked, unjustifiable coercion. Thus,
 "individuals should be allowed, within defined limits, to follow their
own values and preferences rather than somebody else's."51
In the antigovernment sentiment and proincentive policies
articulated in Serfdom, we see the ideological seeds that helped
influence, but were not determinative of, the American law
and neoclassical economics movement. The ways in which the
antistatist ideal set forth in Serfdom would be reflected in
social institutions are clear in Hayek's discussion of the
legal system and are fundamental in linking his intellectual
project to the law and neoclassical economics movement.
Hayek's views on the legal system were shaped by his core
belief that "competition" is the central means of "co-ordinating
human effort" and the "conviction that, where effective
competition can be created, it is a better way of guiding
individual efforts than any other."52 Thus, in the effort to
protect the individual, it is free market competition, not
government intervention, that is presumed to be for the good.
So, what of the law "[I]n order that competition should work
beneficially, a carefully thought-out legal framework is required. ."
In particular, some legal structure may be needed in order
to accurately reflect the price of goods and services, which
is the vital information for individuals.53 In sum, the law
serves to facilitate competition, which is the system most
conducive to individual freedom. It does so by setting the
boundaries of competition.  The law should "recognize the
principle of private property and freedom of contract." In this
 regard, it acts as a neutral arbiter facilitating individual
preferences and defining the "right to property as applied
to different things." The rights associated with property,
notwithstanding antistatist ideals, were not absolute, but
contingent upon the particular situation. Efficiency was
the criterion: the "systematic study of the forms of legal
institutions which will make the competitive system work
efficiently." Regarding legal rules specifically, Serfdom
articulated a system in which "[t]he only question . . . is
whether in the particular instance the advantages gained
are greater than the social costs which they impose."54
Hayek's emphasis on legal rules, particularly as they affected
social costs,55 is the link connecting him to the law and
neoclassical economics movement.
Hayek gave a detailed analysis of social costs and the limits
of government intervention as a tool for minimizing such costs.
However, to the extent that legal rules limiting property rights
represent an activist role for government, Hayek stated that,
 though the scope of this permissible intervention on individual
autonomy was not defined, "these tasks provide, indeed, a
wide and unquestioned field for state activity."56 I argue below
 that the possibility of "state activity" within neoclassical
economics provides the ground for progressive political
appropriation of neoclassical economics.
This discussion of postwar antistatism, as represented by
Serfdom, and its logical progression to concrete neoclassical
analyses of legal institutions, specifically property rights,
begins to substantiate the first major claim of this essay:
law and neoclassical economics is, at its core, about politics.
 It also shows how the conservative politics associated with
neoclassical economics could be taken seriously if the
dangers of progressivism articulated in Serfdom, including
progressive ideals espoused by pragmatic instrumentalists,
were heeded.57 Now we turn to the connections between
neoclassical economics and the science of the analytic turn
in order to begin establishing the other claim of this paper:
law and neoclassical economics is, at its core, also about
science. At the end, we find that there is a synthesis of the
politics and science of law and neoclassical economics .. "
the Reconfiguration of American Tort Law Theory" by James R. Hackney, Jr.
Law and History Review.  Vol. 15, No. 2, Fall 1997
to Commentaries 163-172"  by James R. Hackney, Jr.:
" .. I never identify Hayek as a "neoclassical economist" but
I think it is (1) fair to say that Hayek, and Austrian economics
generally, have had considerable influence on neoclassical theory;16
and, more importantly for my thesis, (2) Hayek has had a
profound influence on the strand of law and neoclassical economics
coming out of the University of Chicago.17  (footnote 17. Coase's
recognition of his intellectual debt to F. A. Hayek and the
institutional role Hayek played in establishing law and neoclassical
economics studies at the University of Chicago is illustrative
of this point. Hackney, "Law and Neoclassical Economics,"
284, n. 42, 306, n. 141.) .. "
 163-172" by James R. Hackney, Jr.  _Law and History Review_ Vol. 16, No. 1,
Spring 1998.
Hayek on the Web is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-10 03:40:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft Windows98 - Make your own decision. 
X-Sender: jnoble
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
I share Virginia's sentiment about MS-bashing, but if I were going to
measure market power I'd look at profit margins. These figures are provided
by Hoovers Stockscreener  which is a lot of fun
to play with.
Market Value (mils.):
General Electric Company        243000.0
The Coca-Cola Company           164792.0
Microsoft Corporation           157473.0
Exxon Corporation               146881.0
Nippon Telegraph and Telephone  135252.0
Merck                           127673.0
Intel                           121575.0
Philip Morris Companies Inc.    112867.0
Royal Dutch Petroleum Company   112039.0
The Procter & Gamble Company    108281.0
Toyota Motor Corporation        105326.0
IBM                             102912.0
Revenues (mils) (for mkt caps over 100 bil):
 Exxon Corporation             119507.0
 Toyota Motor Corporation       98740.6
 General Electric Company       86658.0
 Royal Dutch Petroleum Company  85784.7
 IBM                            77928.0
 Philip Morris Companies Inc.   71512.0
 Nippon T & T                   71262.4
 AT&T Corp.                     52839.0
 The Procter & Gamble Company   36216.0
 Intel Corporation              25003.0
 Merck & Co., Inc               22810.9
 The Coca-Cola Company          18610.0
 Microsoft Corporation          12193.0
 Pfizer Inc                     12169.0
PROFIT MARGIN (for mkt caps over 100 bil.):
 Microsoft Corporation          30.4%
 Intel Corporation              24.7%
 Merck & Co., Inc.              19.6%
 The Coca-Cola Company          18.8%
 Pfizer Inc                     17.1%
 AT&T Corp.                     11.0%
 The Procter & Gamble Company   9.5%
 General Electric Company       9.3%
 Philip Morris Companies Inc.   9.1%
 IBM                            7.1%
 Royal Dutch Petroleum Company  6.9%
 Exxon Corporation              6.4%
 Toyota Motor Corporation       3.2%
 Nippon T & T                   2.9%
John Noble
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-13 04:14:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Zions Bancorp to offer Digital Certificates 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: William Knowles [Techweb 1.12.98] Zions Bancorp, a $9 billion regional bank
in Salt Lake City, this week will become the first financial
institution to offer a service that lets organizations use
digital certificates to secure internal and business-to-business
Digital certificates, which electronically confirm a user's
identity, are generated and managed by certificate authorities.
Companies can set up authorities themselves or use authorities
created by third parties.
Although certificate-authority services are available from
technology vendors [such as GTE, IBM, and VeriSign, Zions
said customers will feel more comfortable letting a bank manage
their digital certificates. "Banks in the paper world already do
this. They write letters of credit," said Michelle Jolicoeur,
director of government implementations at Digital Signature Trust,
the Zions unit that will offer the service. "Our business is trust."
Digital Signature Trust has conducted pilots of its service with
Utah's Department of Commerce, the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter
Day Saints, and internal departments for about a year.  The service
uses digital certificate software from several vendors, including
Certco, Entrust, GTE, VeriSign, and Xcert. Separately, Certco and
Entrust will unveil new features to their certificate-authority
offerings at the RSA Data Security conference in San Francisco
this week.
Oppenheimer Funds, which plans to implement digital certificates
by midyear to bolster IT security, is investigating whether to
operate its own certificate authority or to outsource. "A bank
is generally going to be a more stable company," said Jim Patterson,
an Oppenheimer technology vice president in Englewood, Colo.
"But on the other hand, do I want a bank that I currently don't
have a relationship with to know so much about me?"
Still, Patterson said digital certificates will be important
in business-to-business commerce and communications. "With
digital certificates, I can start getting or sending requests
to perform business functions over any medium I want, including
the public Internet," he said.
Pricing for the Digital Signature Trust service will be
subscription-based and will depend on the customer's
applications and number of certificates.
The information standard is more draconian than the gold
standard, because the government has lost control of the
marketplace.  --  Walter Wriston
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-13 22:27:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Micromoney CryptoMango? 
Reply-To: rah
[Image] [StorageTek Click Here.]
[| Navigational map -- for text only please go to the bottom of the page |]
 [From the Ether]
       January 12, 1998
       Mango `pooling' is the biggest idea we've seen since network
       computers
       Mango, in Westborough, Mass., is not your average software
       start-up. In 30 months the company has raised $30 million.
       Its first product, Medley97, has shipped, transparently
       "pooling" workgroup storage.
       And someone at  really knows the
       difference between features and benefits.
       But it's not the benefits of Medley97 pooling that interest
       me. What's interesting are the features and long-term
       potential of Mango's underlying distributed virtual memory
       (DVM). Mango's pooling DVM is the biggest software idea
       since network computers -- perhaps since client/server --
       and Microsoft had better watch out.
       According to Mango, Medley97 offers transparent networking
       that's easy to use, fast, and reliable (not to mention
       secure and high fiber).
       Windows users working together on a LAN can share files in a
       pool of their combined disk storage. Every pooled PC is both
       a client and server.
       Go ahead and drop Medley97 into any PC you want to pool.
       Medley97 installs, checks configuration, and updates
       required Windows networking software. The product adds the
       PC's storage to the pool, giving you a shared, fast, and
       reliable network drive, M:/, which is available on all
       pooled PCs. For this you pay Mango less than $125 each for
       up to 25 PCs.
       Mango CEO Steve Frank was technology chief at Kendall Square
       Research (KSR), the ill-fated parallel processing company
       near MIT that was not Thinking Machines. Frank says KSR
       taught him how dishonesty doesn't work but parallelism does.
       Unlike KSR's, Mango's parallelism just has to be on volume
       platforms, such as Ethernet, TCP/IP, and Windows.
       Hence Mango.
       Underlying Medley97 are DVM processes cooperating through a
       TCP/IP Ethernet on pooled Windows PCs. The processes manage
       a 128-bit object space that copies virtual 4KB pages up,
       down, and around a distributed memory hierarchy.
       Medley97 offers ease of use by hiding continuously,
       automatically, and adaptively behind your familiar Windows
       user interface -- just below the file system APIs and above
       physical disk pages.
       Medley97 offers performance by moving files through the
       Ethernet from disk to disk and from disk to memory, closer
       to where the pages are used most.
       And Medley97 offers reliability by keeping synchronized
       backup copies of file pages on different pooled PCs.
       Mango's DVM generalizes backup and caching. Pages are copied
       for nonstop operation. Copies are moved closer to where they
       are used. Frank says it is often faster to access a page
       through Ethernet from a pooled PC's semiconductor memory
       than to access it from a local disk.
       Transaction logs are kept on all pooled PCs. The DVM detects
       when a PC drops out of a pool and copies any page that
       thereby lacks sufficient backups. When a PC rejoins a pool,
       transaction logs ensure it accesses updated pages. The
       garbage collection of deleted pages runs in the background.
       Noticing that Medley97 is available for up to 25 PCs, I
       asked the perennial parallelism question, "Does it scale?"
       Frank's answer: Yes. Medley97 is limited to 25 PCs only
       because that's all Mango has so far found time to test. With
       each PC adding resources, pool performance is "superlinear"
       as far as the eye can see.
       Well, this makes pooling the next in a long list of major
       computing paradigms: batch mainframes, interactive
       minicomputers, stand-alone PCs, PC LANs, client/server,
       peer-to-peer, thin-client, server clustering, and now peer
       clustering or pooling.
       According to Frank, Medley next needs to go from Ethernet to
       Internet. To support many pools. To add change control and
       archiving.
       Medley also needs to go beyond Windows. To pool processing
       as well as storage.
       So Medley, now written in C++, needs what else? Java.
       You can log into a Medley pool from anywhere and have your
       workgroup files available on the M:/ drive. With Java you
       could pool non-Wintel network computers.
       Well, if pooling scales, the whole World Wide Web should be
       one big pool. Mango's DVM generalizes the caching now done
       ad hoc all over the Web -- on server disks, in clusters, in
       caching farms, in proxy servers, in browsers, and in the
       file systems of PCs.
       Add Java network computers and before Frank knows it, Mango
       will be ripe for purchase if not integration by Microsoft.
                      ---
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-15 11:53:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CFP: DECEPTION, FRAUD and TRUST in AGENT SOCIETIES Workshop at AA'98 
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
            DECEPTION, FRAUD and TRUST in AGENT SOCIETIES
                          Workshop at the
      Second International Conference on Autonomous Agents (AA'98)
                         FINAL CALL FOR PAPERS
Description of the workshop:
The aim of the workshop is to bring together researchers that can
contribute to a better understanding of trust and deception in agent
Most agent models assume secure and reliable communication to exist between
agents. However, this ideal situation is seldom met in real life.
Therefore, many techniques (e.g. contracts, signatures, long-term personnel
relationships) have been evolved over time to detect and prevent deception
and fraud in human communication, exchanges and relations, and hence to
assure trust between agents.
In recent research on electronic commerce trust has been recognized as
one of the key factors for successful electronic commerce adoption. In
electronic commerce problems of trust are magnified, because agents
reach out far beyond their familiar trade environments.  Also it is far
from obvious whether existing paper-based techniques for fraud
detection and prevention are adequate to establish trust in an
electronic network environment where you usually never meet your trade
partner physically, and where messages can be read or copied a million
times without leaving any trace. Trust building is more than secure
communication via electronic networks, as can be obtained with, for
example, public key cryptography techniques. For example, the
reliability of information about the status of your trade partner has
very little to do with secure communication. With the growing impact of
electronic commerce distance trust building becomes more and more
important, and better models of trust and deception are needed. One
trend is that in electronic communication channels extra agents, the
so-called Trusted Third Parties, are introduced in an agent community
that take care of trustbuilding among the other agents in the
network. For example, in some cases the successful application of public
key cryptography critically depends on trusted third parties that issue
the keys. Although we do not focus in this workshop on techniques for
secure communication (e.g. public key cryptography), we would welcome
analyses about the advantages and limitations of these techniques for
The notion of trust is definitely important in other domains of agents'
theory, beyond that of electronic commerce. It seems even foundational for
the notion of "agency" and for its defining relation of acting "on behalf
of". So, trust is relevant also in HC interaction; consider the relation
between the user and her/his personal assistant (and, in general, her/his
computer).  But it is also critical for modeling groups and teams,
organisations, coordination, negotiation, with the related trade-off
between local/individual utility and global/collective interest;  or in
modelling distributed knowledge and its circulation. In sum, the notion of
trust is crucial for all the major topics of Multi-Agent systems.
Thus what is needed is a general and principled theory of trust, of its
cognitive and affective components, and of its social functions.
Analogously the study of deception not only is very relevant for avoiding
practical troubles, but it seems really foundational for the theory of
communication. First, because it challenges Grice's principles of
linguistic communication; second, because the notion of "sign" itself has
been defined in semiotics in relation to deception: "In principle,
Semiotics is the discipline studying whatever can be used for lying" (U.
Thus not only practical defences from deception (like reputations,
guaranties, etc.), but also a general and principled theory of deception
and of its forms (including fraud) are needed.
We would encourage an interdisciplinary focus of the workshop as well as
the presentation of a wide range of models of deception, fraud and
trust(building). Just to mention some examples; AI models, BDI models,
cognitive models, game theory, and also management science theories about
Suggested topics include, but are not restricted to:
*  models of deception and of its functions
*  models of trust and of its functions
*  models of fraud
*  role of trust and trusted third parties (TTP) in electronic commerce
*  defensive strategies and mechanisms
*  ways to detect and prevent deception and fraud
WORKSHOP ORGANIZATION
The full-day workshop will be aimed at creating an informal atmosphere for
stimulating discussions, interdisciplinary exchange and deep understanding
of each other's pespective.
We plan to have both:
Paper presentations:
Long presentations (25-30 min) of the accepted papers, plus 10-15 minutes
for discussion (possibly with discussants). Plenary discussion at the end.
Panel sessions:
A couple of topics will be selected for a focused discussion. Some of the
attendees will be requested to participate as panelists. The panels chairs
will circulate prior to the workshop a list of questions for the panelists.
The accepted papers will be published in the workshop proceedings. The
publication of a revised version of the accepted papers is being negotiated
with a high quality publisher.
SUBMISSION: CRITERIA, FORMATS, PROCEDURE
The workshop welcomes submissions of original, high quality papers
addressing issues that are clearly relevant to trust, deception and fraud
in agent-based systems, either from a theoretical or an applied
perspective. Papers will be peer reviewed by at least two referees from a
group of reviewers selected by the workshop organizers.
Submitted papers should be new work that has not been published elsewhere
or is not about to be published elsewhere.
Paper submissions: will include a full paper and a separate title page
with the title, authors (full address), a 300-400 word abstract, and a list
of keywords. The length of submitted papers must not exceed 12 pages
including all figures, tables, and bibliography. All papers must be
written in English.
*       The authors must send by email  the title page of their paper by
January 15th.
*       Submissions must be send electronically, as a postscript or  MSword
format file, by January 20th.
*       The authors must also airmail one hard copy of their paper to two
of the organizers as soon as possible after the electronic submission.
*       No submissions by fax or arriving after the deadline will be accepted.
SUBMISSION ADDRESS
for the electronic submission
Rino Falcone
tel. +39 - 6 - 860 90 211
for the airmail hard copy
Babak Sadighi Firozabadi
Department of Computing - Imperial College
180 Queen's Gate - London SW7 2BZ - U.K.
and (notice "and")
Cristiano Castelfranchi
National Research Council - Institute of Psychology
Viale Marx, 15 - 00137 Roma - ITALY
tel +39 6 860 90 518
IMPORTANT DATES
Deadline for the electronic title page          January 15, 1998
Deadline for Paper Submission                   January 20, 1998
Notification of Acceptance/Rejection            March  1, 1998
Deadline for camera-ready version               April  1, 1998
Workshop                                        May 9, 1998
PROGRAM COMMITTEE
Phil Cohen
        Dept. of Computer Science and Engineering, Oregon Inst. of Science
and Tech., USA
Robert Demolombe
        CERT/ONERA, France
Andrew J I Jones
        Dept. of Philosophy - Univ. of Oslo, Norway
Anand Rao
        Australian AI Institute, Melbourne, Australia
Munindar Singh
        Dept. of Computer Science - North Carolina State University, USA
Chris Snijders
        Dept. of Sociology, Utrecht, The Netherlands
Gilad Zlotkin
        VP Engineering, Israel
Gerd Wagner
        Inst.f.Informatik - Univ. Leipzig, Germany
Cristiano  Castelfranchi (co-chair)
        National Research Council - Institute of Psychology- Rome, Italy
Yao-Hua Tan (co-chair)
        EURIDIS - Erasmus University - Rotterdam - The Netherlands
Rino Falcone (co-organizer)
        National Research Council - Institute of Psychology- Rome, Italy
Babak Sadighi Firozabadi (co-organizer)
        Department of Computing - Imperial College - London - UK
Rino Falcone
IP - CNR     National Research Council
Division of "Artificial Intelligence, Cognitive Modeling and Interaction"
Viale Marx, 15  00137 ROMA
email: falcone   or  falcone
 tel: ++39 6 86090.211 fax: ++39 6 86090.214
 --
See  for list info & archives.

@_date: 1998-01-15 22:30:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: AT&T Database Reveals Unlisted Names From Numbers 
Yet another reason for cash settled IP telephony?
Actually, you can trace an IP address just as well, can't you?...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Resent-Date: Wed, 14 Jan 1998 19:06:14 -0800 (PST)
X-Authentication-Warning: weber.ucsd.edu: procmail set sender to
rre-request using -f
X-Authentication-Warning: weber.ucsd.edu: Processed from queue
Reply-To: rre-maintainers
X-URL: X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/1803
X-Loop: rre
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: rre-request
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, send an empty message to  rre-help
PRIVACY Forum Digest      Wednesday, 14 January 1998      Volume 07 : Issue 02

@_date: 1998-01-19 06:13:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fwd: Internet security (VERY LONG) 
---------------- Begin Forwarded Message ----------------
Received:    01/17  5:24 PM
Reply-To:    CSA Talk, csa
The following forwarded mail may have implications for clients with
sensitive data. The field encription features in Troi FM Plug-in could
prove to be a valuable asset.
Richard Fairfax
Oakwood Designs
---forwarded mail START---

@_date: 1998-01-20 00:01:43
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fwd: FYI: Jefferson Club: "A World of Strong Privacy: Promises and Perils of Encryption" 
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 3F903472C3AF622D5D918D9BD8B100090B3EF042
     "You can get a lot more with a smile and a gun
     then a smile, alone."
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-20 12:11:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Ocean going cities 
Just read in an architecture rag called "Metropolis" about floating
cities for the rich!  I guess being a nomad is becoming chic.
Anyways, the two ships are
ResidenSea   958ft long with 250  1100-3200 sq ft homes ranging from
$1.2-$4.3 million each.  driving range putting green 2 pools, helipad
gardens, retractable marina.  According to the mag, this one looks like it
will get built with construction to start soon.
Freedom Ship  4320 ft  25 stories  for 65,000 people starting at
$93,000  includes library school bank hotel hospital, light
manufacturing and 2 landing strips!!!  How Stephensonesque.
I'll be very depressed if the commercial folks do this before the
hackers.  Now, I wonder where I put that decommissioned aircraft
carrier?   :-)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-22 06:07:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fwd: Confiscation is here, Make the most of it. (fwd) 
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-22 06:07:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Jan. 23 column - Horiuchi 
Resent-Date: Tue, 20 Jan 1998 23:59:33 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/424
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED JAN. 23, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    'Protecting him, by a mock Trial, from Punishment for any Murders ...'
    What does the Declaration of Independence actually consist of?
  Sure, from our school days, we may remember that "these United Colonies
are, and of Right ought to be, Free and Independent States."
  But that's only the last paragraph.
  Prior to that,  Mr. Jefferson and his co-signers spent 29 paragraphs
doing ... what?
  "Declaring their causes," of course! We did this -- anyone would have the
right to do this -- because of a "long train of Abuses and Usurpations,"
  "He has erected a Multitude of new Offices, and sent hither Swarms of
Officers to harrass our People, and eat out their Substance." Remember?
  "He has kept among us, in Times of Peace, Standing Armies, without the
consent of our Legislatures.
  "He has affected to render the Military independent of and superior to
the Civil Power.
  "He has combined with others to subject us to a Jurisdiction foreign to
our Constitution, and unacknowledged by our Laws; giving his Assent to
their Acts of Pretended Legislation:
  "For quartering large Bodies of Armed Troops among us:
  "For protecting them, by a mock Trial, from Punishment for any Murders
which they should commit on the Inhabitants of these States. ..."
  This is not just schoolboy stuff. A message etched in fire from our
patrimony, these words tell us how Americans shall know when they are again
justified in declaring themselves free of a parasitical tyrant.
  Fast forward 216 years, to the late summer of 1992. Part-time gunsmith
Randy Weaver had failed to show up for a court date, after being entrapped
by ATF agents hoping to turn him into a snitch, to spy on a nearby CHURCH.
  Federal marshals now trespass on the Weaver family's private Idaho
property (the marshals carry no warrant this day and are not there to make
an arrest), and open fire when they're spotted by the family dog, killing
the dog, and also Weaver's 14-year-old son, Sammy. A federal marshal is
also killed, either in self defense or by fratricidal fire. (The federals
never release any shell casings or autopsy results for independent review

@_date: 1998-01-23 01:26:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial Cryptography '98 Preliminary Program 
Resent-Date: Tue, 20 Jan 1998 23:41:27 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: online.offshore.com.ai: list set sender to
fc98-request using -f
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest
X-Loop: fc98
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: fc98-request
                      Financial Cryptography '98
                   Second International Conference
                 February 23-25, 1998, Anguilla, BWI
                          CONFERENCE PROGRAM
General Information:
Financial Cryptography '98 (FC98) is a conference on the security of
digital financial transactions.  Meetings alternate between the island
of Anguilla in the British West Indies and other locations.  This
second meeting will be held in Anguilla on February 23-25, 1998.  FC98
aims to bring together persons involved in both the financial and data
security fields to foster cooperation and exchange of ideas.
Original papers were solicited on all aspects of financial data
security and digital commerce in general.
Program Committee:
Matt Blaze, AT&T Laboratories--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA
Antoon Bosselaers, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Leuven, Belgium
Yves Carlier, Bank for International Settlements, Basel, Switzerland
Walter Effross, Washington College of Law, American U., Washington DC, USA
Matthew Franklin (Co-Chair), AT&T Laboratories--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA
Michael Froomkin, U. Miami School of Law, Coral Gables, FL, USA
Rafael Hirschfeld (Chair), Unipay Technologies, Amsterdam, The Netherlands
Alain Mayer, Bell Laboratories/Lucent Technologies, Murray Hill, NJ, USA
Moni Naor, Weizmann Institute of Science, Rehovot, Israel
Frank Trotter, Mark Twain Ecash/Mercantile Bank, St. Louis, MO, USA
Doug Tygar, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA
Moti Yung, CertCo LLC (formerly: Bankers Trust E-Commerce), New York, NY, USA
Conference Program for FC98:
Monday 23 February 1998
 800 --  820
    Breakfast
 820 --  830
    Welcome
 830 --  905
    Micropayments via Efficient Coin-Flipping
    Richard J. Lipton (Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA)
    Rafail Ostrovsky (Bellcore, Morristown, NJ, USA)
 905 --  940
    X-Cash: Executable Digital Cash
    Markus Jakobsson (Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
    Ari Juels (RSA Laboratories, Bedford, MA, USA)
 940 -- 1015
    Billing Without Paper...Or Billing Without Billers?
      Caveat Biller: 3rd Party Concentrators Could Come Between You
      and Your Customers
    Richard K. Crone (CyberCash, Reston, VA, USA)
1015 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    A Platform for Privately Defined Currencies, Loyalty Credits,
      and Play Money
    David P. Maher (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
1120 -- 1155
    Assessment of Threats for Smart Card Based Electronic Cash
    Kazuo J. Ezawa, Gregory Napiorkowski
        (Mondex International, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
1155 -- 1230
    Using a High-Performance, Programmable Secure Coprocessor
    Sean W. Smith, Elaine R. Palmer, Steve Weingart
        (IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Yorktown Heights, NY, USA)
1230 -- 1330
    Lunch
1800 -- 1930
    Cocktail Reception (at Mariners Hotel)
Tuesday 24 February 1998
 800 --  830
    Breakfast
 830 --  905
    Secure Group Barter:
      Multi-Party Fair Exchange with Semi-Trusted Neutral Parties
    Matt Franklin (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
    Gene Tsudik (USC Information Sciences Institute, Marina del Rey, CA, USA)
 905 --  940
    A Payment Scheme Using Vouchers
    Ernest Foo, Colin Boyd
        (Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane, Australia)
 940 -- 1015
    A Formal Specification of Requirements for Payment Transactions
      in the SET Protocol
    Catherine Meadows, Paul Syverson
        (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA)
1015 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    On Assurance Structures for WWW Commerce
    Markus Jakobsson (Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
    Moti Yung (CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
1120 -- 1230
    Panel Discussion
    Certificate Revocation: Mechanics and Meaning
    Barb Fox (Microsoft, Redmond, WA, USA), moderator
    Joan Feigenbaum (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
    Paul Kocher (Valicert, Palo Alto, CA, USA)
    Michael Myers (Verisign, Mountain View, CA, USA)
    Ron Rivest (MIT Laboratory for Computer Science, Cambridge, MA, USA)
1230 -- 1330
    Lunch
2000 -- 2200
    Rump Session
Wednesday 25 February 1998
 800 --  830
    Breakfast
 830 --  930
    Invited Speaker
    Private Signatures and E-commerce
    David Chaum (DigiCash, Palo Alto, CA, USA)
 930 -- 1005
    Group Blind Digital Signatures:
      A Scalable Solution to Electronic Cash
    Anna Lysyanskaya, Zulfikar Ramzan
        (MIT Laboratory for Computer Science, Cambridge, MA, USA)
1005 -- 1045
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120
    Curbing Junk E-Mail via Secure Classification
    Eran Gabber, Markus Jakobsson, Yossi Matias, Alain Mayer
        (Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
1120 -- 1155
    Publicly Verifiable Lotteries:
      Applications of Delaying Functions
    David M. Goldschlag (Divx, Herndon, VA, USA)
    Stuart G. Stubblebine (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
1155 -- 1230
    Security of Digital Watermarks
    Lesley R. Matheson, Stephen G. Mitchell, Talal G. Shamoon,
      Robert E. Tarjan, Francis X. Zane
        (STAR Lab, InterTrust Technologies, Sunnyvale, CA, USA)
1230 -- 1330
    Lunch
1330 -- 1405
    Security in the Java Electronic Commerce Framework
    Surya Koneru, Ted Goldstein
        (JavaSoft, Palo Alto, CA, USA)
1405 -- 1440
    Beyond Identity: Warranty-Based Digital Signature Transactions
    Yair Frankel, David W. Kravitz, Charles T. Montgomery, Moti Yung
        (CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
1440 -- 1515
    Compliance Checking in the PolicyMaker Trust Management System
    Matt Blaze, Joan Feigenbaum, Martin Strauss
        (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
1515 -- 1545
    Coffee Break
1545 -- 1620
    An Efficient Fair Off-Line Electronic Cash System
      with Extensions to Checks and Wallets with Observers
    Aymeric de Solages, Jacque Traore
        (France Telecom--CNET, Caen, France)
1620 -- 1655
    An Efficient Untraceable Electronic Money System Based on
      Partially Blind Signatures of the Discrete Logarithm Problem
    Shingo Mayazaki, Kouichi Sakurai
        (Kyushu University, Fukuoka, Japan)
1655 -- 1700
    Closing
The conference schedule and additional information is available at the
URL Breakfast and lunch are provided at the conference.  The conference
organizers have left time open for corporate sponsored events, for
networking, and for recreational activities on the resort island of
Anguilla.  Participants are encouraged to bring their families.
A 40-hour workshop, intended for anyone with commercial software
development experience who wants hands-on familiarity with the issues
and technology of financial cryptography, is planned in conjunction
with FC98, to be held during the week following the conference.
For more information on the workshop, please see the URL
For workshop registration, see the URL Special Attraction:
On Thursday, February 26, 1998, there will be a total eclipse of the
sun.  The narrow zone of 100% totality will pass just south of
Anguilla.  A boat excursion to the center of the eclipse zone is
planned, for an optimal view of the eclipse.  The excursion is
included in the conference registration; additional tickets can be
purchased for accompanying persons.
The Inter-Island Hotel is a small 14-room guest house with a large,
comfortable 150-seat conference facility and additional space for a
small 10-booth exhibition.  The Inter-Island is on Road Bay, near
Sandy Ground Village, in the South Hill section of Anguilla.  The
conference, workshop, and exhibition will have TCP/IP internet access.
Shuttle service to the conference will be available.
Air Transportation and Hotels:
Air travel to Anguilla is typically done through San Juan for US
flights, or St. Maarten/Martin for flights from Europe and the US.
There are also connections via Antigua.
Anguillan import duties are not imposed on hardware or software which
will leave the island again. There are no other taxes--or cryptography
import/export restrictions--on Anguilla.
Hotels range from spartan to luxurious, and more information about
hotels on Anguilla can be obtained from your travel agent, or at the
URL   A block reservation has been made at Mariners,
and this is the recommended hotel except for those seeking budget
General Chairs:
Robert Hettinga, Shipwright, Boston, MA, USA
   email: rah
Vincent Cate, Offshore Information Services, Anguilla, BWI
   email: vince
Exhibits and Sponsorship Manager:
Blanc Weber, Seattle, WA, USA
   email: blancw
Workshop Leader:
Ian Goldberg, Berkeley, CA, USA
  email: iang
You can register and pay for conference admission via the World Wide
Web at the URL The cost of the FC98 Conference is US$1,000.  There are reduced rates
of US$250 and US$100 for full-time academics and students.
Booths for the exhibition start at US$5,000 and include two conference
tickets. For more information about exhibit space, contact Blanc
Weber, blancw  Sponsorship opportunities for FC98 are still
The cost of the workshop is US$5000, and includes meals but not
lodging.  You can register for the workshop, which runs the week after
the conference, at the URL Financial Cryptography '98 is held in cooperation with the
International Association for Cryptologic Research.
It is sponsored by:
RSA Data Security Inc. C2NET, Inc. Hansa Bank & Trust Company Limited, Anguilla Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank Offshore Information Services e$ --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-23 13:44:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial Cryptography 1998 Press Announcement 
Please pass this along to any member of the press you may know. Or anyone
else you can think of. :-).
Robert Hettinga
For Immediate Release
Press Contacts:
Christopher D. Gerath      Robert Hettinga
Gerath & Associates, Inc.  International Financial Cryptography Association
(978) 264-4707             rah
Financial Cryptography '98 Conference & Exhibition to Highlight FC
Technology and Use
Second Annual Event is World's Leading FC Showcase
Boston, MA, January 22, 1998 - The International Financial Cryptography
Association (IFCA), today announced the 1998 Financial Cryptography
Conference and Exhibition (FC98), to be held on February 23-27, 1998 on the
island of Anguilla in the British West Indies.
The FC98 Conference
The International Conference on Financial Cryptography is the world's first
and only peer-reviewed conference on financial cryptography. Every year,
the newest research is presented in internet financial transfers,
transaction clearing and network-based financial instruments.  This year,
invited speakers and panel participants include such industry experts as
Dr. David Chaum, holder of several very basic financial cryptography
patents and founder of DigiCash Corporation, and Dr. Ron Rivest, who
invented the first practical public key cryptography system and founder
of RSA Data Security, Inc.
However, the primary focus of the Conference will be the results of
financial cryptography research from experts at AT&T Labs, Bell
Laboratories/Lucent, CyberCash, France Telecom, JavaSoft, Kyushu
University, IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Microsoft, MIT, Princeton
University, Queensland University, University of Southern California, The
US Naval Research Laboratory, Valicert, Verisign and others.
Last year's Conference, FC97, was the subject of an article in the July,
1997 issue of Wired Magazine, an NHK-Japan television program, and was
covered by the Financial Times, the New York Times, and Institutional
Investor.  Financial cryptography was also the cover story of the Setember
8, 1997 issue of Forbes Magazine.
"Everyone knows business on the Internet is growing, but financial
cryptography and the vanishing cost of individual electronic transactions
will create entirely new forms of business," said Robert Hettinga, IFCA
founder and FC98 General Chairman.  "Simple examples include the possible
replacement of many forms of book-entry financial settlement with digital
bearer versions, and, of course, cash settled electronic auctions for
anything you can send down a wire," Hettinga continued.
The FC98 Conference Proceedings will be available later in the year from
Springer Verlag as part of the Lecture Notes in Computer Science series.
See the selection of papers for the FC98 conference at
The FC98 Exhibition
The FC98 Exhibition, which runs concurrently with the Conference, serves as
a showcase for the newest financial cryptography products. The
presentations, demonstrations, and panels of FC98 Exhibition Program will
explain what kinds of financial cryptography services and implementations
are available in the market today, while the Exhibition floor will have
booths from many of the top companies using and selling financial
cryptography today.
The FC98 Workshop for IT professionals and Senior Managers
The Financial Cryptography '98 Conference and Exhibition will be followed
by the FC98 Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals, which will
be held the week following the Conference and Exhibition, from March 2-6,
1998, at the same location.
The intensive 40-hour FC98 Workshop gives senior managers and IT
professionals an understanding of the fundamentals of strong cryptography
as applied to financial operations on public networks, along with hands-on
instruction in the integration and implementation of these technologies.
FC98's Affiliations and Sponsorship
Financial Cryptography '98 is held in cooperation with the International
Association for Cryptologic Research.  Sponsoring organizations include RSA
Data Security Inc., ; C2NET, Inc., ;
Hansa Bank & Trust Company Limited, Anguilla, ;
Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank; Offshore Information Services,
; and Shipwright Development Corporation,
The FC98 Organizing Committee consists of: Vincent Cate and Robert
Hettinga, General Chairs; Rafael Hirschfeld, Conference Chair; Matthew
Franklin, Conference Co-Chair; Ian Goldberg, Workshop Leader; Lynwood Bell,
Exhibition Steering Committee Chair; and Blanc Weber, Exhibits and
Sponsorship Manager.
Registration and Travel
Registration for FC98 can be done directly on the Internet at
, by calling (264) 497-3255, faxing (264) 497-2756,
email with PGP encryption to  or physically
mailing the registration form to 949 Old Ta, The Valley, Anguilla, BWI.
Admission to the Exhibition and Conference requires advance payment of the
$1,000 admission fee.  If you're interested in Exhibition space or becoming
an event sponsor, please email Blanc Weber, .
Air travel to Anguilla is typically done through San Juan or St. Martin.
There are several non-stop flights a day from various European and US
locations.  Connection through to Anguilla can be made through American
Eagle, through LIAT, or in the case of St. Martin, with a short ferry ride
to Anguilla.  Consult a travel agent for details or visit our web page at
 Service marks, trademarks or registered trademarks are property of their
respective owners.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-24 06:32:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Group works on way to make Net payments work. 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: William Knowles SAN FRANCISCO (Wired) - Someone out there is actually worried that you
might end up with a desktop littered with different digital wallets or
that you might not get a receipt for your pay-per-view time visiting
an X-rated site.
In fact, a group of 30 electronic payment companies are working on a
protocol that would ensure that all digital wallets and cybercash
registers will know how to talk to each other and issue the proper
digital "paper trails."
Spearheaded by ecash pioneer, Mondex International, the group is
working on an way to make a single digital wallet on the desktop to
interact with the payment systems designed by everyone from CyberCash
to AT&T to Wells Fargo Bank.
By using XML (extended markup language), the protocol is designed to
ensure interoperability among the software used by buyers, sellers,
and financial institutions to carry out online transactions.
The open trading protocol hasn't gotten half the attention that SET,
the secure electronic transaction protocol, has. And, at first glance,
its job may not seem as crucial since it's not about guaranteeing the
security of transactions.
But those aboard the new protocol-defining body say their system of
compatible operations is key to getting consumers to really embrace
"Imagine if you've got an IBM wallet, a Microsoft wallet, and a
VeriFone wallet," suggested Mondex International development
co-director, David Burdett.
"Unless you have some standard way in which these wallets can
communicate with each other and with merchants, you aren't going to
end up with interoperability and the consumer's going to have to have
lots of different wallets on the PC."
The goal of the open trading protocol is to make transparent the
traditional steps in a transaction: the offer for sale, agreement to
purchase, generation of receipt, and attendant paper trail. And to
make it all happen with no more than a click of the buyer's mouse.
"(The open trading protocol) is trying to replicate in the virtual
world what people have in the real world: things like invoices, making
payments, getting receipts and delivery of goods," said Burdett. And
to guarantee that you can have real-world accountability, even for
virtual purchases.
"If you're only getting delivery of virtual goods over the Net, such
as software or entertainment content that you pay for, there's no
physical delivery at all; but you still want a receipt and all the
other normal aspects of a transaction," Burdett said.
A preliminary version of the proposed common language was posted
early this month to the OTP Web site, by the 30-member consortium,
which includes CyberCash, DigiCash, IBM, MasterCard, Mondex, Netscape,
Oracle, Sun Microsystems, VeriFone, and Wells Fargo Bank.
Conspicuously absent from the coalition are Visa International,
which reportedly declined to join the coalition when invited by
Mondex, and Microsoft, which apparently opted out of the group's
plan because it is busy developing an alternate standard called
the Value Chain Initiative.
Still, Microsoft's absence isn't expected to thwart widespread
adoption of the protocol.
"There's a lot of flexibility with these protocols," said Zona
Research analyst Vernon Keenan, who pointed out that the group
protocol and Microsoft's version are not necessarily mutually
exclusive. "The key factor to determine adoption is whether ...
the major commerce server players incorporate these protocols."
And it seems at least several will, since they've already joined
the ranks of open trading protocol proponents.
The information standard is more draconian than the gold
standard, because the government has lost control of the
marketplace.  --  Walter Wriston
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-24 20:51:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Announcement: RPK InvisiMail released on 12 Jan, 1998 
You have received this message because at some time during the past two
years you have requested to be put on the RPK New Zealand Ltd. company
mailing list.  (We're the Fast Public Key Encryption company).  If you wish
to be removed from the list, please forward this message to
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-27 01:36:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CyberSitter to the rescue. 
Resent-Date: Tue, 20 Jan 1998 17:19:45 -0500
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2639
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Status: U
Forwarded-by: Faried Nawaz Forwarded-by: acb (Andrew C. Bulhak)
Forwarded-by: Matt Curtis This is from the PerForce mailing list, PerForce is a source code
control system that doesn't use mounted drives, but instead uses
TCP/IP socket communications to check code in and out.
Well, I just spent several hours tracking something down that I
think is SO braindead that it must be called evil.  I hope this
will save someone else some hassle.
There's an NT box on my desk that someone else uses every now and
then.  This machine is otherwise used as my programming box and
backup server.
All of a sudden, my programming files were being corrupted in odd
places.  I thought "hmm, my copy must be corrupt".  So I
refreshed the files.  No change.  "hmm, the code depot copy must
be corrupt"..  Checked from other machines.  No problem there.
Viewed the file from a web based change browser in Internet
Explorer.  Same corruption in the file.  Telnet'd to the server
machine and just cat'd the file to the terminal.  Same problem.
What's going on?
The lines that were corrupted were of the form
  one 1 /* foo menu */
  two 2 /* bar baz */
What I always saw ON THIS MACHINE ONLY was:
  one 1 /* foo     */
 #  fine two 2 /* bar baz */
Can you guess what was happening?
Turns out, someone had inadvertly installed this piece of garbage
called CyberSitter, which purports to protect you from nasty
internet content.  Turns out that it does this by patching the
TCP drivers and watching the data flow over EVERY TCP STREAM.
Can you spot the offense word in my example?  It's "NUDE".  Seems
that cybersitter doesn't care if there are other characters in
between.  So it blanks out "nu */  without blanking out the
punctuation and line breaks.  Very strange and stupid.
It also didn't like the method name "RefreshItems" in another
file, since there is obviously a swear word embedded in there.
It's so bad it's almost funny.  Hope this brightens your day as
much as it brighted mine :-).
 ----
 +---
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-27 01:37:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Spies Like Us. 
Resent-Date: Wed, 21 Jan 1998 12:33:35 -0500
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2642
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Nev Dull Forwarded-by: chuck Forwarded-by: David HM Spector Forwarded-by: Declan McCullagh Last month, the CIA had to change its Web FAQ page because of my case,
Tsang v. CIA, which was settled when the CIA promised not to spy on me
again.  But it refused to make the same promise to cover other Americans.
The original FAQ page had said "No" to a question whether or not it spies
on Americans.  Now it concedes it spies on Americans.  The new CIA FAQ is
See my account in Sunday's (Jan. 18) Los Angeles Times Opinion page:
A CIA Target at Home in America.  It can be found at:
Daniel C. Tsang
Bibliographer for Asian American Studies
 & Social Sciences (Economics, Politics)
Machine-Readable Data Files Librarian
Lecturer, School of Social Sciences
380 Main Library
University of California
PO Box 19557
Irvine CA 92623-9557
(714) 824-4978
(714) 824-5740 fax
homepage:    add suffix for news: /netnews1.htm
                  politics: /pol.htm
                  economics: /econ.htm
                  asian american studies: /aas.htm
                  soc sci data archives: /ssda.htm
                  public opinion: /pod.htm
                  AWARE: awarefs/htm
host, "Subversity" on KUCI, 88.9 FM in Orange County
  each Tuesday from 5-6 p.m.; selected shows w/ audio online:
  N.B.: This is NOT official University of California correspondence.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-28 04:18:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: sat survailience 
Bob - something else to be paranoid about!
When Is a Satellite Photo An Unreasonable Search?
By Staff Reporter of Over the years, satellite photos have plotted the course of Soviet warships
and tracked the movements of Iraqi troops.
Last year, they also nailed Floyd Dunn for growing cotton on his Arizona
farm allegedly without an irrigation permit.
Mr. Dunn contends that he did have the required permits but paid the $4,000
fine to maintain good relations with the Arizona Department of Water
Resources. "You can't argue with a satellite," he says. "Being caught like
I was caught is kind of unfair."
As state and local agencies make more use of satellite imagery -- for
everything from surveying illicit crops to detecting unauthorized building

@_date: 1998-01-28 08:15:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ULotD? Cuban Tattoos. 
A bit o'apocrypha for a Monday evening...
--- begin forwarded text
Resent-Date: Tue, 27 Jan 1998 11:27:25 -0500
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2668
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Arunas Norvaisa There was a guy in Florida, Cuban by nationality, who had been unable to
get US citizenship and was due to be deported. A couple of MIT students,
who had heard about this guy and were after a lark, hopped a plane down to
Florida and took this guy to a tatoo studio. What they tatooed on to him
was the DES algorithm, in some computer readable form. Thus rendering the
guy unexportable. The US government offered to scrape the tatoos off, but
they guy's lawyers screamed something about human rights abuses.  The way I
heard it, the guy was eventually granted citizenship.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-28 08:15:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ULotD? Cuban Tattoos. 
Resent-Date: Tue, 27 Jan 1998 14:54:29 -0500
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2674
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
The story posted is an urban legend.
It is NOT an urban legend that someone has been tattooed with "RSA in
Perl". A picture of Richard White's tattoo is at:
It is also not entirely an urban legend that this has been joked about

@_date: 1998-01-28 12:48:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ULotD? Cuban Tattoos. 
Agreed. On several levels of reference, I think...
Indeed. Hence my use of the word "apocrypha" to introduce it. And the
OxDEADBEEF list moderator's use of "ULotD", for, it seems, "Urban Legend of
the Day".
Note Perry Metzger's follow-on, which I also forwarded at the same time.
(You remember Perry, right? He liked to talk about cryptography here
once... Yeah, Tim, I know. You *knew* Perry Metzger, and, frankly, Mr.
Hettinga, yada, yada, yada)
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-01-29 05:21:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: sat survailience 
ObExplication: "You might say that. I couldn't possibly comment."
Bob Hettinga
(who's copyright allowable-dollar-decrement variable has decremented rather
considerably since President Cliton's new copyright law came into effect...)
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-01 06:21:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Feb. 6 column -- Where to start 
Resent-Date: Sat, 31 Jan 1998 02:08:34 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/430
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED FEB. 6, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Getting started
    S.J. writes from Johns Hopkins:
  "Vin -- I have found and enjoyed your web page
( I am also recently reading David Boaz's
book "Libertarianism: A Primer." I have been accused by professors of being
a Libertarian. I really was not sure what one was. Thus my recent readings.
I have many questions and no one to dialogue with. If you have time, could
you tell me places I may check here in Washington D.C. ..."
   Egon, whose locale I don't know, similarly inquires:
  "... Incidently, I both enjoy and dread (reading your columns.) So few
people realize how this country was intended. There is no other country in
which the citizens are "sovereign," with all the rights of a king reserved
to the people. But at the same time, the government has craftily changed
things around. And so, the real question:  Can you point me in a direction
to information about how to help address these issues, or people to talk to
about them?"
    #  #  #
  Since informing others must always start with informing ourselves, I
suggested that both fellows they lay hands on a couple of recent catalogs
from Laissez Faire Books, 938 Howard St., Suite 202, San Francisco 94103;
tel. 415-541-9780; e-mail orders to orders
  Beginners may want to look for Thomas Szasz, Burton Folsom, Albert J.
Nock, John Taylor Gatto, and Ayn Rand. Laissez Faire now lists L. Neil
Smith's "Bretta Martin," which is good, but not "Pallas," which would be
better. Also missing are John Ross' "Unintended Consequences" (Accuracy
Press) and Claire Wolfe's "101 Things to Do Till the Revolution"
  It's also worth getting on the mailing list of the Cato Institute, at 100
Mass. Ave. NW, in Washington D.C., 20001 (tel. 202-842-0200), and of Bumper
Hornberger's Future of Freedom Foundation (e-mail FFFVA in
Northern Virginia.
  The Ludwig von mises Institute (owner-misesmail tel.
334-844-2500 puts out some nifty economic publications, and for e-mail on
jury rights issues you can't beat the Jury Rights Project, e-mail
jrights web page   Leading the new battle against the national ID card is the Coalition to
Repeal the Fingerprints Law, Suite 133, 5446 Peachtree Industrial Blvd.,
Atlanta 30341; voice mail 404-250-8105; web site
  I seem to have fallen out of touch with the Separation of School and
State Alliance, based in California; maybe they'll send me some up-to-date
contact information.
  President Brenda Grantland tells me the group Forfeiture Endangers
American Rights has recently opened an office in D.C., and may be in a
position to welcome volunteer help as well as contributions. Contact
Interim Director Tom Gordon at the F.E.A.R. Foundation,  P.O. Box 15421
Washington, D.C. 20003; tel. 202-546-4381, or toll free at 1-888-FEAR-001;
e-mail TomGordon web site   Other groups worth contacting for information -- and supporting with
donations or volunteer help -- include the Fully-Informed Jury Association
at Box 59, Helmville, Montana 59843, tel. 406-793-5550, and Aaron Zelman's
Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership, 2874 S. Wentworth Ave.,
Milwaukee, Wisc. 53207, tel. 414-769-0760 (web site e-mail Against-Genocide
  JPFO welcomes "righteous goyim," or non-Jews, and in fact never even asks
prospective members their religion.
  I used to think JPFO was the only truly principled gun-rights
organization in the nation, holding that ANY "gun control" is an inevitable
precursor to new genocides. I am now, finally, ready to submit that there
are two.
  I have been watching for some years the development of Larry Pratt's Gun
Owners of America, based at 8001 Forbes Place, Suite 102, Springfield, Va.
22151; tel. 703-321-8585; web site  e-mail
  Folks have always called GOA "the other gun group," in deference to the
massive and cholesterol-clogged National Rifle Association.
  Enemies of freedom always enjoy caricaturing ther NRA as a bunch of
buck-toothed hunters in plaid shirts, blasting away at Bambi with a
  But let me make a fearless prediction right here: as the lean little GOA
strides onto their battlefield like an adolescent saber-tooth, the forces
of victim disarmament are going to start waxing reminiscent about the warm,
happy days when their only "opposition" was that walnut-brained
brontosaurus, the NRA.
  The NRA's lobbying philosophy has long been to ridicule Libertarians or
Independents who may be TRUE devotees of our Second Amendment rights,
instead cynically endorsing and even funding the "lesser of two evils"
among the two candidates representing the Republicrat and Demopublican
branches of the Big Government Party.
  This NRA spending and lobbying philosophy is all about "buying access,"
but as Mr. Pratt of GOA says, "It's all based on a defeatist attitude. They
think we've lost, that we have a bad bargaining position, so all we can do
is make the best deal we can with this tyrant."
  Recently, NRA lobbyists have even twisted arms in state legislatures
around the nation to INCREASE the cost and "training" rigmarole required to
lay hands of a state "concealed carry permit" ... the better to insure the
standards are the same nationwide.
  GOA thinks permit requirements should be identical in every state, too
... identical to the current law in Vermont, which requires no permit for
concealed carry, at all, and which has "the lowest murder rate in the
country," smiles Mr. Pratt.
   "But the 'access' lobbyists, if their approach was right, why do we keep
losing ground?" Pratt asked his enthusiastic Las Vegas crowd.
  Next time: The GOA plays hardball.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin The web
site for the Suprynowicz column is at  The
column is syndicated in the United States and Canada via Mountain Media
Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
"If ye love wealth greater than liberty, the tranquility of servitude
greater than the animating contest for freedom, go home from us in peace.
We seek not your counsel, nor your arms. Crouch down and lick the hand that
feeds you. May your chains set lightly upon you; and may posterity forget
that ye were our countrymen."    -- Samuel Adams
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-01 06:21:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Feb. 8 coilumn -- GOA 
Resent-Date: Sat, 31 Jan 1998 02:11:43 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/431
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED FEB. 8, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Second Amendment: changing of the guard
    Last time, we were discussing the "take-the-best-available-compromise,"
defeatist attitude of the nation's largest gun control organization, the
National Rifle Association.
  Their lighter, leaner competition for gun owner support, Gun Owners of
America, prefers a more high-pressure approach, putting the fire to the
feet of lawmakers to make sure they know that a vote against gun rights
will cost them their next election ... just as Bill Clinton acknowledged
that the gun rights vote cost the Democratic Party its control of Congress
in 1994.
  In a 1968 edition of the NRA's magazine, "The American Rifleman,"
Associate Editor Alan C. Webber responded to then-timely criticism by U.S.
Sen. Robert Kennedy, D-N.Y., who said "I think it is a terrible indictment
of the National Rifle Association that they haven't supported any
legislation to ban and control the misuse of rifles and pistols in this
  To this, Mr. Webber reports NRA Executive Vice President Franklin L. Orth
responded with a ringing endorsement of the 1968 Gun Control Act. "The
National Rifle Association has been in support of workable, enforceable gun
control legislation since its very inception in 1871," Mr. Orth proclaimed.
"The duty of Congress is clear. It should act now to pass legislation that
will keep undesirables, including criminals, drug addicts and persons
adjudged mentally irresponsible or alcoholic, or juveniles, from obtaining
firearms through the mails."
  One will remember that the way the 1968 law accomplished that, was by banning
EVERYONE but an ever-shrinking pool of federally licensed gun dealers from
"obtaining firearms through the mails"! Sort of like "getting drunks off the
road," by banning cars and trucks!
  "The NRA position, as stated by Orth, emphasizes that the NRA has
consistently supported gun legislation which it feels would penalize misuse
of guns, without harassing law-abiding hunters, target shooters and
collectors," concludes editor Webber.
  What an interesting list. Do you see "militiamen" in there? I don't. Does
the Second Amendment say anything about duck-hunting?
  The Brits, who have just finished banning all private ownership of
handguns, insist THEY still protect the "rights of law-abiding hunters,
target shooters, and collectors," too.
  If you have an English country estate, you can still own a
richly-engraved, $5,000 bird gun. If you like to target shoot, you may fire
pellet guns or even .22s at your registered club ... so long as you leave
the weapon locked up there when you go home. And "collectors" are still
presumably welcome to own as many guns as they want ... from the flintlock
era or earlier.
  Gee, that'll put them in great shape the next time the Germans or French
come storming the beaches. Which is precisely why OUR Second Amendment
talks exclusively about the needs of "the militia."
  Meantime, Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms agents holding a panel discussion
for an audience of mostly gun store owners at this week's SHOT Outdoor
Trades show, here in Las Vegas, declared that the way they interpret the
"permanent replacement Brady Bill" due to go into effect in November of
1998 -- the one the NRA favors due to its promised "insta-Check" capability

@_date: 1998-01-03 07:40:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: E-Cash cost advantage acknowledged 
Remember all the stuff I say about the markedly reduced costs of digital
bearer transactions?
Wanna bet that if a bunch of big bankers say the cost reduction one order
of magnitude, given Moore's Law and a little programming elbow grease, we
can bring it down to three?
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: schear (Unverified)
The vast cost advantages of e-cash transactions was acknowledged in a
Banking Industry Technology Secretariat (BITS) paper presented at last
year's Electronic Payment Forum meeting in Hilton Head, SC on July 17-18,
BITS, a Division of The Bankers Roundtable, members are the 125 largest
U.S. holding companies represent 70% of financial assets and deposits in
the United States and employ over 1 million people.
Projections provided by Salomon Brothers, Nilson Report, Financial
Institutions and Markets, and Boston Consulting Group, show e-cash
transaction costs easily outdistance ACH/EFT by a factor of 10.  Credit
cards will be about 40 times as costly.  Even the highly touted ECP
(Electronic Check Payment) approaches are likely to be 20 times as
What is most interesting is that despite this acknowledgement almost all
the BITS member institutions are pursuing a path away from e-cash and
second place EFT embracing higher margin (and higher merchant/consumer
cost) alternatives, for example VISACash (cash in name only).  In fact,
many major banks see EFT/POS (and e-cash) is a threat to their franchises
and have moved to keep them from expansion through non-competitive
practices and regulatory pressure.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1998-01-13 10:30:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Michael Baum; PKI and the Commercial CA 
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                        Michael S. Baum
                         VeriSign, Inc.
                        PKI Requirements
                             from a
                   Commercial CA's Perspective
                    Tuesday, February 3, 1997
                           12 - 2 PM
               The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                  One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Requirements for the provision of commercial certification products and
services are under consideration by many companies. Similarly, efforts to
regulate certification authorities (CAs) and public key infrastructure (PKI)
are proliferating by many domestic and foreign governments. Underlying many
of these efforts is the intention to assess and assure quality and
trustworthiness, and yet the nature, scope and regime to accomplish these
goals remain elusive or at least have been balkanized.
This presentation will consider CA and PKI requirements from the experiences
and perspective of a commercial CA. It will survey current approaches to
ascertaining quality and performance as well as their limitations. It will
then propose a path forward. Many of these issues are present real
challenges to both the CAs and the user community. A lively dialog is
Michael S. Baum is Vice President of Practices and External Affairs,
VeriSign, Inc.  His responsibilities include developing practices and
controls under which VeriSign conducts its public Digital ID and private
label certificate operations.
Mr. Baum is the Chair of the Information Security Committee, and Council
Member of the Section of Science and Technology, of the American Bar
Association. He is Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC)
ETERMS Working Party and a Vice Chairman of the ICC's Electronic Commerce
Project, a delegate to the United Nations Commission on International Trade
Law on behalf of the ICC. He is a member of various digital signature
legislative advisory committees.
Mr. Baum is co-author (with Warwick Ford) of Secure Electronic Commerce
(Prentice Hall, 1997), author of Federal Certification Authority Liability
and Policy - Law and Policy of Certificate-Based Public Key and Digital
Signatures (NIST, 1994), co-author of Electronic Contracting, Publishing and
EDI Law (Wiley Law Publications, 1991), and contributing author to EDI and
the Law (Blenheim Online, 1989), and the author of diverse information
security publications including the first American articles on EDI law. He
was honored as an EDI Pioneer in 1993 (EDI Forum) and was the Recipient of
the National Notary Association's 1995 Achievement Award. He is a member of
the Massachusetts Bar.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, February 3, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting for sale on CD/R, and to put it on
the web in RealAudio format, at some future date.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by Saturday,
January 31st, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks payable to
anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
March     Joseph Reagle       "Social Protocols": Meta-data
                               and Negotiation in Digital Commerce
April     Adam Shostack       Digital Commerce Security:
                               Beyond Firewalls
May       Jeremey Barrett     Digital Bearer Certificate Protocols
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If
you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-01 22:37:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "Cathedral and Bazzar" meeting with Silicon Valley CEO's 
Resent-Date: Sat, 31 Jan 1998 12:26:44 -0500
Sender: glen
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/2692
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Simon Karpen Forwarded-by: Rob Browning We interrupt our normal programming to inform everybody that I'm
likely to be a bit preoccupied and/or out of touch for the next week.
The 23 Jan Netscape announcement has borne unexpected fruit.  Some of
you probably know by now that Netscape is now officially crediting my
research paper ("The Cathedral and the Bazaar", available on my site)
with having been a fundamentally important factor in their decision to
release Navigator 5.0 as freeware in source.
Life continues to get more interesting.  This coming week I'm flying
to Netscape's headquarters in Silicon Valley to meet with Netscape's
top brass and technical people.  We're going to be defining Netscape's
followup -- licensing terms, development strategy, freeware community
outreach, spreading the free-software concept.
Not only that, but arrangements are being made for me to meet with
other leading Silicon Valley CEOs whose names I am not yet at liberty to
reveal.  The mission will to convince them that the freeware-centered,
open-development strategy is the only way for them to head off total
Microsoft domination.
This is the big time, people -- the Internet free-software culture's
breakout into commercial viability at a level even Wall Street can see
is happening *now*.  And I'm involved it up to my ears.  *Gulp!*
You'll have to excuse me for being a bit distracted just now.  I've
got some preparation to do...
(Uh...anybody who still doesn't grok what the fuss is about should
surf over to  and read the story "Linux
Plays Large Role In Recent Netscape Announcement".  The "read here"
link leads to a copy of my paper on their site.  Please read it there;
my regular website host has been swamped by Web traffic and you get
only one guess why...)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-04 01:39:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
Nope. Making or repealing laws won't mean too much for the privacy of
transactions, except to reallocate who gets screwed in some kind of
political zero-sum game.
Anyway, laws are there because there's an economic incentive for them to be
there. Reality is not optional. Physics creates economics which creates
laws. Not the other way around. Even morality and ethics come from culture,
which itself is a physical phenomenon, the collective response of humans to
the resources on hand,  which is an economic process if there ever was one.
So, only when digital bearer certificate technology like blind signatures
is proven to be *cheaper* than the current privacy-invasive book entry
transaction regime will there be any demand for digital bearer settlement
of assets, debt, and cash transactions.
Personally, I believe that that time is coming sooner than most people
realize. That's because when someone figures out how to save everyone a
bunch of money with digital bearer certificates, they're going to make a
bunch of money doing it, and the race to the bottom-line will begin.
As I've said here several times before, the paradox will prove to be that
digital bearer settlement will be cheaper to use *because* they're
physically anonymous. You don't *care* what the biometric identity of
someone is, as long as you're protected from bad economic actors, and can
do reputation damage to people who you can prove have damaged you
Which, as we all know here, is simply a matter of financial cryptography.
The cost of anything is the foregone alternative. People will only demand
more privacy when it's cheaper than not having it. I believe that that time
is coming, rather quickly.
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-05 06:19:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The Continued Attack on Cash (Was: "The Right of Anonymity"...) 
Which must explain our gross national product, then. Cheaper, as always,
*is* better.
Those who *don't* buy for price alone are usually somebody's lunch sooner
or later.
It ain't oats, then. It's horseshit. Aparently aristocratic horseshit, if I
remember Mr. Ruskin's bio right...
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-08 22:16:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re[2]: SEC Rule Announcement 
X-Server-Uuid: b0fe6c76-9e59-11d1-b373-00805fa7c2de
        "Arnold G. Reinhold" X-WSS-ID: 18C49FCB618-18C49FCB619-01
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: jmuller
     This is actually an NASD rule change; the SEC reviews proposed NASD
     rule changes and almost always approves them.  The NASD rule change is
     in Notice to Members 98-11 (available at
      and was approved by the SEC on
     December 31, 1997, effective February 15.
     The NASD views the change as simply clarifying a requirement that was
     already in place:  the rule previously required that NASD member
     broker/dealers establish procedures for the review of all
     correspondence relating to solicitation or execution of securities
     transactions.  The rule as amended will state that these procedures
     must apply to all incoming and outgoing written and electronic
     correspondence with the public relating to the firm's investment
     banking or securities business.  The rule itself does not say anything
     about home offices, but in the introduction to the rule, the NASD says
     that it will "expect members to prohibit correspondence with customers
     from employees' home computers or through third party systems unless
     the firm is capable of monitoring such communications."
     My mama taught me if I can't say anything nice, I shouldn't say
     anything at all, so I will not comment on the rule.  If you're
     interested enough to go to the NASD Web site shown above, you will
     probably also want to look at Notice to Members 98-3, which sets out
     general principles for electronic delivery of information between
     brokers and their customers.
     John Muller
     mailto:jmuller
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-10 10:06:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial Cryptography 1998 Workshop UPDATE 
Resent-Date: Mon, 9 Feb 1998 14:37:24 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: online.offshore.com.ai: list set sender to
fc98-request using -f
Resent-From: fc98
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest
X-Loop: fc98
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: fc98-request
CALL FOR PARTICIPANTS - UPDATE
The Financial Cryptography 1998 (FC98)
Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals
March 2-6, 1998
The InterIsland Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
FC98 is sponsored by:
   * RSA Data Security Inc.    * C2NET, Inc.    * Hansa Bank & Trust Company Limited, Anguilla    * Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank
   * Offshore Information Services    * e$ FC98 Conference and Exhibition
February 23-27, 1998
FC98 Workshop for Senior Managers and IS Professionals
March 2-6, 1998
The Inter-Island Hotel
Anguilla, BWI
Workshop and Conference Reservations: Last year, the Financial Cryptography '97 (FC97) Workshop was the world's
first intensive financial cryptography workshop for senior managers and IS
professionals. This year, the Financial Cryptography '98 (FC98) Workshop
will be held Monday through Friday, March 2-6, 1998, at the Inter-Island
Hotel on the Carribbean island of Anguilla.
This workshop will follow the peer-reviewed financial cryptography
conference and commercial exhibition, Financial Cryptography 1998 (FC98),
which will be held the preceding week, February 23-27, 1998.
The goals of the combined workshop, conference and exhibition are:
   * to give senior managers and IS professionals a solid understanding of
     the fundamentals of strong cryptgraphy as applied to financial
     operations on public networks,
   * to provide a peer-reviewed forum for important research in financial
     cryptography and the effects it will have on society, and,
   * to showcase the newest products in financial cryptography.
The Workshop
Ian Goldberg, the Workshop chair, has picked an outstanding team of
instructors in financial cryptography and internet financial system security
to teach the courses in this workshop. The Workshop will consist of 40 hours
of intensive instruction and lab time over 5 days. Students will have access
to Internet-connected workstations.
Who Should Attend
The Workshop is intended for senior IS managers and technical professionals
who want to get completely up to speed on the design, development, and
implementation of financial cryptography systems, the core technology of
internet commerce. After the workshop, senior managers will have a hands-on
understanding the strengths and liabilities of currently available financial
cryptography and internet transaction security software and hardware, and
thus be able to make better asset allocation decisions in this area of
explosive technology growth. Senior technical professionals with strong IS
experience will be able to implement those technologies and to pass on what
they've learned to their clients and colleagues when they return home.
The Workshop will be held in a casual but intensive atmosphere at the very
cutting edge of financial technology on the internet. Someone has likened
the experience to a financial cryptography bootcamp. At the end, Workshop
attendees should be utterly conversant in cryptography as it applies to
finance. Workshop participants will not only know what everyone else is
doing now in internet commerce, but, more important, because they understand
the implications of strong financial cryptography on ubiquitous public
networks, they will be able to know what to do *next*.
The Workshop Leader
Ian Goldberg is a Ph.D. student in security and cryptography at the
University of California, Berkeley. He was the first winner of RSA Data
Security Inc.'s Secret-Key Challenge, breaking a 40-bit cipher in just 3.5
hours. In late 1995, he discovered what became a much-publicized flaw in
Netscape's implementation of SSL. He is a recognized expert in electronic
payment systems, and in DigiCash's ecash digital bearer certificate protocol
in particular. He has produced several ecash clients for Unix and Windows,
as well as an ecash module for the Stronghold web server, which has extended
the existing ecash system for better security, privacy, and ease-of-use.
The Principal Instructors
Gary Howland has spent the last four years with several companies that are
primarily working with secure electronic commerce (including Digicash),
where he has been involved with the design and development of secure payment
protocols, and the application of these protocols to such tasks as
electronic cash, bond trading, loyalty systems, and online gambling. He is
also responsible for the development of the a freely available cryptographic
library for java and perl.
John Kelsey is an experienced cryptographer, cryptanalyst, and programmer
who has designed several algorithms and protocols. He pioneered research on
secure random number generators, differential related-key cryptanalysis on
block ciphers, and the chosen-protocol attack against cryptographic
protocols. His research has been presented at several international
conferences, and he has broken many proposed commercial cryptographic
algorithm, protocol, and system designs. Kelsey has a degree in Computer
Science and Economics from the University of Missouri Columbia.
Adam Shostack is Director of Technology for Netect, Inc, a Boston based
startup building state of the art server security management applications.
He has extensive background in designing, implementing and testing secure
systems for clients in the medical, computer, and financial industries. His
recent public work includes 'Apparent Weaknesses in the Security Dynamics
Client Server Protocol,' 'Source Code Review Guidelines,' and comparisons of
freely available cryptographic libraries.
Workshop Topics
   * Security on the Internet
        o Internet Protocols: IP, TCP, UDP
        o Higher-level Protocols: Telnet, FTP, HTTP, SSL
        o Solid Foundations for Cryptographic Systems
        o A History of Internet Attacks
        o Building Internet Firewalls
        o Building a Bastion Host
        o Turning your Bastion Host into a Web Server
        o Non-internet Internet Security
   * Cryptography
        o The Need for Cryptography
        o History of Cryptography
        o Classical Methods
        o Modern Methods
        o Private and Public Key Cryptography
        o Authentication vs. Security
        o Certification and Public Key Infrastructures
        o Cryptographic Protocols
        o Engineering a Cryptographically Secure System
        o Why Cryptography is Harder than it Looks
        o Security Through Obscurity and How to Recognize Snake Oil
   * Internet Payment Systems
        o Payment models: coin-based, cheque-based, account-based
        o Security Issues
        o Privacy and Anonymity Issues
        o Smartcards vs. Software
        o Existing Payment Schemes
             + credit cards
             + First Virtual
             + CyberCash
             + DigiCash
        o Forthcoming Payment Schemes
             + SET
             + Mondex
             + Millicent
             + micropayments
   * Setting Up an ecash-Enabled Web Server
        o Setting up the Web Server
        o Signing up for ecash
        o Installing the ecash Module
        o Setting Prices
        o Logging
        o Advanced Methods
             + ecashiers
             + moneychangers
The price of the workshop is $5,000 U.S. You can pay for your FC98 workshop
ticket with Visa or MasterCard, with ecash, or with any of a number of other
internet commerce payment protocols, at the regstriation site:
. Please register and make your plane and hotel
reservations as soon as possible; workshop space is extremely limited.
The workshop price includes meals (but not lodging) at the InterIsland Hotel
and lab space, plus the delivery and installation of hardware, network
access, internet commerce software, all to a location like Anguilla. And, of
course, 40 hours of instruction and structured lab activity. We have priced
the workshop to be competitive with other comprehensive business and
professional technology workshops of similar total session length.
In addition, the first ten FC98 workshop participants will receive a 50%
reduction in their FC98 Conference and Exhibition fee, for a savings of $500
off the $1,000 conference admission.
You can register, and pay for, your workshop ticket at .
Air Transportation and Hotels
Air travel to Anguilla is typically done through San Juan or St.
Maarten/Martin. There are several non-stop flights a day from various US and
European locations. Connection through to Anguilla can be made through
American Eagle, or through LIAT, or in the case of St. Maarten, with a short
ferry ride to Anguilla. See your travel agent for details.
Anguilla's runway is 3600 feet, with a displaced threshold of 600 feet, and
can accomodate business jets. Obviously, you should talk to your aviation
staff for details about your own aircraft's capabilities in this regard.
Anguilla import duties are not imposed on hardware or software which will
leave the island again, so, as long as you take it with you when you leave,
you won't pay import duties.
Please Note: Your FC98 Workshop fee only covers meals at the InterIsland
Hotel. The InterIsland is actually a small guesthouse attached to a large
conference facility, and so rooms there are in short supply. Fortunately,
there are lots of small hotels and guesthouses nearby. For more information
on these hotels, please see  for more information.
Other hotels on Anguilla range from spartan to luxurious, all within easy
walking or driving distance of the Workshop at the InterIsland. More
information about Anguillan hotels can be obtained from your travel agent,
or at .
Registration and Information for Other FC98 Events
To register and pay for your ticket to the FC98 conference itself, see:
For information the selection of papers for the FC98 conference see:
If you're interested in Exhibition space, please contact Blanc Weber:
If you're interested in sponsoring FC98, also contact Blanc Weber:
Financial Cryptography '98 is held in cooperation with the International
Association for Cryptologic Research. The conference proceedings will be
published by Springer Verlag in their Lecture Notes in Computer Science
(LNCS) series.
The FC98 Organizing Committee:
   * Vince Cate and Bob Hettinga, General Chairs
   * Ray Hirschfeld, Conference Chair
   * Matt Franklin, Conference Co-Chair
   * Ian Goldberg, Workshop Chair
   * Blanc Weber, Exhibit and Sponsorship Manager
And our sponsors...
   * RSA Data Security Inc.    * C2NET, Inc.    * Hansa Bank & Trust Company Limited, Anguilla    * Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank
   * Offshore Information Services    * e$ --- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-11 12:00:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC98 Full Event Schedule 
Resent-Date: Tue, 10 Feb 1998 18:19:23 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: online.offshore.com.ai: list set sender to
fc98-request using -f
X-Sender: rah
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest
X-Loop: fc98
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: fc98-request
Hello, Everyone!
FC98 is fast approaching, and the FC98 organizing team is thrashing
together a General Schedule for the combined FC98 events: The FC98
Conference, the FC98 Commercial Exhibition and Exhibition Program, and the
FC98 Workshop.
In addition to the ASCII version of the schedule in this message, Blanc
Weber, the FC98 Exhibition and Sponsorship Manager, has put a very nice
tabular version on the web for easy printing:
Please send any corrections you might have to me offline.
Okay, here's the schedule's roadmap:
(CON) means conference activity, and an FC98 Conference Badge is required
for attendance.
(CE) means Commercial Exhibition activity, and is open to the public.
(ECC) means Ecliptical Curve Cruise; Conference badgeholders go free, but
badges are non-transferrable. Additional tickets for the Cruise are
available for sale to FC98-associated people (family, friends, etc.).
(IFCA) means the founding meeting of the International Financial
Cryptography Association, which all FC98 Conference badgeholders,
booth-holders and sponsors are now automatically members of. Only
Conference badgeholders can vote at the first General Meeting of the
Association, however.
We don't have anything about the Workshop on this message, but we will have
a schedule for it soon on the web page, for those of you who are interested
in sticking around another week for the world's only financial cryptography
bootcamp. :-).
Also, all FC98 badgeholders, friends, and family are invited to the
"Welcome to Anguilla" session on Monday to get some information and advice
on what to do during your stay on Anguilla.
Finally, like all schedules, this one is subject to change at a moment's
notice. ;-). We'll try to keep the website as up-to-date as possible,
because it's probably a good idea not to spam you nice folks will all the
updates as they happen. :-)
See you in Anguilla!
Robert Hettinga,
General Chairman,
The 1998 Financial Cryptography Conference, Exhibition and Workshop (FC98)
Monday 23 February 1998
 800 --  820 (CON)
    Breakfast
 820 --  830 (CON)
    FC98 Conference Sessions Welcome
 830 --  905 (CON)
    Micropayments via Efficient Coin-Flipping
    Richard J. Lipton (Princeton University, Princeton, NJ, USA)
    Rafail Ostrovsky (Bellcore, Morristown, NJ, USA)
 905 --  940 (CON)
    X-Cash: Executable Digital Cash
    Markus Jakobsson (Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
    Ari Juels (RSA Laboratories, Bedford, MA, USA)
 940 -- 1015 (CON)
    Distributed Trustees and Revokability:
      A Framework for Internet Payment
    David M'Raihi (Gemplus, Issy-les-moulineaux, France)
    David Pointcheval (GREYC, Universite de Caen, Caen, France)
1015 -- 1045 (CON)
    Coffee Break
    Exhibition Booths open
1045 -- 1120 (CON)
    A Platform for Privately Defined Currencies, Loyalty Credits,
      and Play Money
    David P. Maher (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
1120 -- 1155 (CON)
    Assessment of Threats for Smart Card Based Electronic Cash
    Kazuo J. Ezawa, Gregory Napiorkowski
        (Mondex International, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
1155 -- 1230 (CON)
    Using a High-Performance, Programmable Secure Coprocessor
    Sean W. Smith, Elaine R. Palmer, Steve Weingart
        (IBM T.J. Watson Research Center, Yorktown Heights, NY, USA)
1230 -- 1330 (CON)
    Lunch
1330 -- 1400 (CE)
    The Required Hoopla: FC98 Official Event Opening
    Dignitaries (the Finance Minister?), FC98 sponsors, FC98 Management, etc.
    Thanks to Anguilla, Sponsors, etc.
    Administrivia/How FC98 works
    Ribbon Cutting for FC98 Exhibition
    FC98 Exhibition Sessions Welcome
1400--1430 (CE)
    FC98 Press Conference (on Exhibition Floor)
1400--1500 (CE)
    IBM Secure Crypto Coprocessor Demonstration
    Sean W. Smith, Elaine R. Palmer, Steve Weingart
        (IBM T.J. Watson Research Center)
1500--1600 (CE) (Bring friends and family if you want)
    Welcome to Anguilla! Anguilla history, what to do, what to see.
    Various Anguillan Chamber of Commerce, Tourist office folks.
1600--1700 (CE)
    "So, you want to bank on Anguilla?" Offshore Banking and
     Incorporation in Anguilla. Various Anguillan Bankers,
     Lawyers, Financial Planners, Etc.
1830 -- 2000 (CE)
    Cocktail Reception at Serenity Restaurant, Shoal Bay East
    Sponsored by Hansa Bank, Anguilla
Tuesday 24 February 1998
 800 --  830 (CON)
    Breakfast
 830 --  905 (CON)
    Secure Group Barter:
      Multi-Party Fair Exchange with Semi-Trusted Neutral Parties
    Matt Franklin (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
    Gene Tsudik (USC Information Sciences Institute, Marina del Rey, CA, USA)
 905 --  940 (CON)
    A Payment Scheme Using Vouchers
    Ernest Foo, Colin Boyd
        (Queensland University of Technology, Brisbane, Australia)
 940 -- 1015 (CON)
    A Formal Specification of Requirements for Payment Transactions
      in the SET Protocol
    Catherine Meadows, Paul Syverson
        (Naval Research Laboratory, Washington, DC, USA)
1015 -- 1045 (CON)
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120 (CON)
    On Assurance Structures for WWW Commerce
    Markus Jakobsson (Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
    Moti Yung (CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
1120 -- 1230 (CON)
    Panel Discussion
    Certificate Revocation: Mechanics and Meaning
    Barb Fox (Microsoft, Redmond, WA, USA), moderator
    Joan Feigenbaum (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
    Paul Kocher (Valicert, Palo Alto, CA, USA)
    Michael Myers (Verisign, Mountain View, CA, USA)
    Ron Rivest (MIT Laboratory for Computer Science, Cambridge, MA, USA)
1230 -- 1330 (CON)
    Lunch
1330 -- 1430 (CE)
    FC98 Sponsor Showcase
    RSA Data Security
1430 -- 1530 (CE)
    FC98 Sponsor Showcase
    C2NET
1530 -- 1630 (CE)
    FC98 Sponsor Showcase
    Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank
1630 -- 1730 (CE)
    FC98 Sponsor Showcase
    Hansa Bank
1730 -- 1900 (CE)
    Cocktails and Barbecue at InterIsland Hotel
    Sponsored by RSA
1900 -- 2000 (IFCA) (CE) (CON to vote)
    General Meeting:
    The International Financial Cryptography Association (IFCA)
    IFCA Founders Group Photo (Net.Nyms Disguised)
2000 -- 2200 (CON to speak) (CE to watch )
    Rump Session
    (For speaking requests contact
     Matt Franklin )
    Beer provided by RSA
Wednesday 25 February 1998
 800 --  830 (CON)
    Breakfast
 830 --  930 (CON)
    Invited Speaker
    Private Signatures and E-commerce
    David Chaum (DigiCash, Palo Alto, CA, USA)
 930 -- 1005 (CON)
    Group Blind Digital Signatures:
      A Scalable Solution to Electronic Cash
    Anna Lysyanskaya, Zulfikar Ramzan
        (MIT Laboratory for Computer Science, Cambridge, MA, USA)
1005 -- 1045 (CON)
    Coffee Break
1045 -- 1120 (CON)
    Curbing Junk E-Mail via Secure Classification
    Eran Gabber, Markus Jakobsson, Yossi Matias, Alain Mayer
        (Bell Laboratories, Murray Hill, NJ, USA)
1120 -- 1155 (CON)
    Publicly Verifiable Lotteries:
      Applications of Delaying Functions
    David M. Goldschlag (Divx, Herndon, VA, USA)
    Stuart G. Stubblebine (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
1155 -- 1230 (CON)
    Security of Digital Watermarks
    Lesley R. Matheson, Stephen G. Mitchell, Talal G. Shamoon,
      Robert E. Tarjan, Francis X. Zane
        (STAR Lab, InterTrust Technologies, Sunnyvale, CA, USA)
1230 -- 1330 (CON)
    Lunch
1330 -- 1405 (CON)
    Security in the Java Electronic Commerce Framework
    Surya Koneru, Ted Goldstein
        (JavaSoft, Palo Alto, CA, USA)
1405 -- 1440 (CON)
    Beyond Identity: Warranty-Based Digital Signature Transactions
    Yair Frankel (CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
    David W. Kravitz (Divx, Herndon, Virginia, USA)
    Charles T. Montgomery (CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
    Moti Yung (CertCo, New York, NY, USA)
1440 -- 1515 (CON)
    Compliance Checking in the PolicyMaker Trust Management System
    Matt Blaze, Joan Feigenbaum, Martin Strauss
        (AT&T Labs--Research, Florham Park, NJ, USA)
1515 -- 1545 (CON)
    Coffee Break
1545 -- 1620 (CON)
    An Efficient Fair Off-Line Electronic Cash System
      with Extensions to Checks and Wallets with Observers
    Aymeric de Solages, Jacque Traore
        (France Telecom--CNET, Caen, France)
1620 -- 1655 (CON)
    An Efficient Untraceable Electronic Money System Based on
      Partially Blind Signatures of the Discrete Logarithm Problem
    Shingo Miyazaki, Kouichi Sakurai
        (Kyushu University, Fukuoka, Japan)
1655 -- 1700 (CON)
    FC98 Conference Session Closing
    Official Conference T-shirts
    Group Photo (Net.Nyms Disguised)
1830 -- 2100? (CE)
    Financial Masquerade Ball (at Cap Julaca)
    Sponsored by Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank
    (Proper attire and disguises required,
    Groucho glasses available at the door).
    RSVP
Thursday 26 February 1998
Beach/Cruise day.
No FC98 activity scheduled today
 except breakfast and lunch at InterIsland
 for those who don't take the eclipse cruise.
 800 --  830 (ECC) (CON)
    Boarding: Ecliptic Curve Cruise [ECC]
         Sponsored by
            RSA
            C2NET
            Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank
            Hansa Bank
            Offshore Information Services
            Shipwright/e$
 825 *SHARP!* (ECC) (CON)
     ECC "Before" Group Photo (Net.Nyms Disguised)
 830 *SHARP!* (ECC) (CON)
     Ecliptic Curve Cruise
     Departs For the Ecliptic Curve
     and the Zone of Totality
 900 --  1030 (Anguilla) (CON)
    Breakfast at InterIsland
 1230 -- 1330 (Anguilla) (CON)
    Lunch at InterIsland
 1435? (Anguilla) (CON)
      Maximum Partial Eclipse
 1436 (ECC) (CON)
     ECC now at 16.57N, 62.15W
     (2 minute totality line,
      9 miles north of Montserrat)
     Total Eclipse of the Sun, Maximum Totality
     "Diamond ring", the stars, and all...
 2030 (ECC) (CON)
    Ecliptic Cryptography Cruise Returns to Anguilla
    ECC "After" Group Photo (Net.Nyms Disguised)
Friday 27 February 1998
 1000 --  1030 (CON)
    Breakfast
 1030 --  1230 (CE)
    Roundtable Discussion
    Financial Intermediaries, Public Networks, and Financial Cryptography
    Steve Schear, First Ecache, moderator
    Paul Guthrie, VISA International
    Frank Trotter, Mercantile Bank/Mark Twain Ecash
    A. S. von Bernhardi, Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank
    Lynwood Bell, Hansa Bank
    Other Financial Intermediaries, TBA
 1230 -- 1330 (CON)
    Lunch
 1330 -- 1430 (CE)
    Roundtable Discussion
    The Regulation of Financial Cryptography
    Duncan Frissell, Frissell Associates, Moderator
    Kevin Manson, US Dept of Treasury, Financial Fraud Institute
    A. S. von Bernhardi, Sicherheit und Privat- International Bank
    Other Regulators, Lawyers, TBA
 1430 -- 1655 (CE)
   Financial Cryptography Showcase
   Dave Del Torto/Dr. Jon Callas, PGP Certserver, banking applications
   Dr. Nicko van Someren, ncipher SET processing engine
   Stephan Overbeek,  QC N-Count
   Ian Grigg/Gary Howland, Systemics, TBA
   Other FC Products, TBA
 1655 -- 1700 (CE)
   FC98 Commercial Exhibition Closing
   Minor Exausted Hoopla
   Commercial Exhibition Survivors Group Photo (Net.Nyms Disguised)
1830 -- ? (CE)
   2nd meeting: Anguilla Dining Cryptographers' Society (at Serenity)
   Partially sponsored by C2NET
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-20 12:46:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IFCA 
Resent-Date: Thu, 19 Feb 1998 21:52:04 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: online.offshore.com.ai: list set sender to
fc98-request using -f
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest
X-Loop: fc98
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: fc98-request
The second year of a new conference is perhaps the most difficult--the
novelty has worn off but the conference is not yet firmly established.
But all indications for FC98 are promising.  Another success next week
will be a signal to do it again next year.
A new organization, the International Financial Cryptography
Association (IFCA) has been formed to support future meetings of the
Financial Cryptography conference.  IFCA will not only be responsible
for organizational aspects of the conference, but will also select the
program chair.  All paid registrations of FC98 will automatically
receive a year's membership in IFCA (unless they indicate that they do
not wish to join).  Others may join by paying membership dues.  A
first general meeting of IFCA will be held on the evening of Tuesday
February 24, just before the conference rump session, and all members
are encouraged to attend.
The main purposes of the meeting will be to elect directors and to
discuss possible locations for FC99 (and perhaps FC00).  If you are
interested in hosting an FC conference and can provide some logistic
support for it, you are invited to bring a proposal to the meeting.
Ideas tossed around so far have mostly focused on other "financial
island" locations, e.g., Grand Cayman, Hong Kong, Manhattan, Jersey,
etc., but anyplace reasonable will be considered.  (There will almost
certainly be insufficient information available at the time of the
meeting to make a decision, but an indication of the wishes of the
membership will be gathered to help guide the directors.)
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-20 21:57:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Feb. 22 column - privacy, long version 
Resent-Date: Thu, 19 Feb 1998 21:28:11 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/440
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    EDITORS NOTE: This is the longer version of "privacy," at 2,900 words.
A shorter,          2,400-word version also moves.
    A VERSION of this essay originally appeared in "Las Vegas" magazine.
    FOR EMBARGOED RELEASE DATED FEB. 22, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Big Brother wants your number
    The New York Times is generally in editorial favor of any government
intervention you can name. Most would agree it is the furthest thing from a
marketplace of paranoid, feds-are-out-to-get-us conspiracy theories.
  Even Times columnist William Safire is hardly a true Libertarian -- Mr.
Safire still believes "No sensible passenger minds the frisking for bombs
at airports."
  (I guess I'm not very sensible; it seems to me anyone who has ever put
any real effort into getting around such Fred-and-Ethel security screens
has succeeded, while the REAL target of all the sniffing and scanning
appears to be the now-prohibited  transport of tax-free agricultural
extracts and untaxed currency.)
  Anyway, more significant than what Mr. Safire actually wrote for
publication on Jan. 8, 1998, is where it was published: America's
pro-government paper of record, The New York Times.
  Mr. Safire warned, in part:
  "WASHINGTON -- Your right to privacy has been stripped away. You cannot
walk into your bank, or apply for a job, or access your personal computer,
without undergoing the scrutiny of strangers. You cannot use a credit card
to buy clothes to cover your body without baring your soul. Big Brother is
watching as never before.
  "Encouraged by an act of Congress, Texas and California now demand
thumbprints of applicants for drivers' licenses -- treating all drivers as
potential criminals.
  "Using a phony excuse about airplane security, airlines now demand
identification like those licenses to make sure passengers don't exchange
tickets to beat the company's rate-cutting promotions.
  "In the much-applauded pursuit of deadbeat dads, the Feds now demand that
all employers inform the government of every new hire, thereby building a
data base of who is working for whom that would be the envy of the KGB. ...
  "Hooked on easy borrowing, consumers turn to plastic for their purchases,
making records and sending electronic signals to telemarketers who track
them down at home. ...
  "Enough.
  "Fear of crime and terrorism has caused us to let down our guard against
excessive intrusion into the lives of the law-abiding. ... But doesn't this
creeping confluence of government snooping, commercial tracking and
cultural tolerance of eavesdropping threaten each individual American's
personal freedom? And isn't it time to reverse that terrible trend toward
national nakedness before it replaces privacy as an American value? ..."
  Unfortunately, Mr. Safire stopped short, in that January column, of
calling for an end to government "ID cards" of any sort, an end to
mis-labeled "airport security" checkpoints, an end to the very "War on
Drugs" under which most of these new interventions have been justified.
  He also ran the risk of diverting attention from the government as the
major culprit here, by treating as equally culpable the kind of folks who
collate data from warranty cards -- hardly the folks who have the right to
raid your home and throw you in jail if they don't like what they find.
  (On my list of things that concern me, my supermarket knowing what brand
of catfood I prefer still ranks somewhat below armed government agents
tracking where I travel, and how much cash I carry.)
  Finally, Mr. Safire suggest that we "Pay cash," which is harder to track.
  That advice might be fine, if the very pattern of abuses Mr. Safire
catalogs wasn't moving us rapidly toward the ballyhooed  "cashless
  Already, the old $500 and $1,000 bills are nowhere to be found, and those
trying to withdraw more than $5,000 from their own savings accounts to buy
a used car or other large-ticket item find themselves being grilled by
their own government-regulated bankers -- amateur surrogates for the DEA
and IRS -- like so many money-laundering drug-dealers.
A rogue candidate
  That so-called "cashless society" is frequently on the mind of Aaron
Russo, former producer of such Hollywood films as "Trading Places" and "The
Rose," now running an iconoclastic long-shot 1998 GOP primary campaign
against Kenny Guinn -- former head warden of the Las Vegas government
schools and hand-picked anointee of the casino bosses -- for the
governorship of Nevada.
  Russo is campaigning on such populist issues as eliminating state
privilege taxes (so that car registration costs in Nevada would be limited
to "$35 and not one penny more" -- rather than surging upwards based on
blue-book value) and his vow to sue the federal government to fight the
taxation of Nevadans' "estimated" tips as income.
  But Russo has also includes in his platform opposition to such federal
steps as the wiring of all telephones for tapping (already authorized under
House Resolution 4922, which passed on Jan. 25, 1994), and the
aforementioned national law requiring all states to issue drivers' licenses
with thumbprints or other personalized "biometric" ID tags to serve as a
"national ID cards."
  Those stances have gained Russo the sobriquet of a "federal paranoiac"
from one well-established Nevada political columnist, who coincidentally
does not appear to have ever met a new tax he didn't think those in power
should have the "courage" to enact.
  "In my view, the wiretaps are authorized under a federal regulation, and
they cannot impose any federal regulations on any of the states," said
Russo, in between passing out cards to well-wishers during Sunday lunch at
the Celebrity Deli, on Flamingo near Maryland, as we took a break from an
afternoon watching the NFL playoff games ... liberally sprinkled with
$150,000 in TV campaign ads which Russo had bought in the one-week New
Year's period, just to put the opposition on notice that he's in the game.
  "The governor has the authority to go to the Supreme Court, and the
Supreme Court has to hear the case. You have something to stand on. A
senator or congressman needs other people to work with him. But in a
dispute between the feds and a state, the Supreme Court has the only
jurisdiction," says Russo, in the Brooklyn accent he has never shed. "So we
wouldn't have to go through the 9th District (Court of Appeals), like
anyone else. A governor can stop federal agents from coming into his state
to enforce these things; they need the permission of the individual county
sheriffs to try and enforce these laws within the state."
  I pointed out to Russo that skeptics will claim HR 4922 creates no actual
new wiretaps; it merely puts phone companies and others on notice that they
must wire their systems in such a way that federal agents can come in and
tap lines, if necessary, "pursuant to a court order or other lawful
  "Then why, if it's only by court order the way it should be, does it say,
'or other lawful authorization'?" Russo asks, between bites of the corned
beef and pastrami. "That means any cop can request it," the same way your
bank account can now be frozen and levied with a mere letter from an IRS
agent -- no court order required.
  "Uri Dowbenko wrote a piece on this for the National Review; call him up."
  Russo obligingly supplied a copy of the federal law, which requires the
attorney general to tell congress how many "communication interceptions,
pen registers, and trap and trace devices" federal agents expect to need in
the next four years. A dutiful subordinate of Attorney General Janet Reno,
FBI Director "Louis Freeh has told Congress he needs money to tap 1.5
million phones simultaneously," Russo says.
  "The worst part of the federal ID card is not the card itself but what's
going to come out of it," candidate Russo adds, segueing without drawing a
breath into the other federal intervention that gets his goat. "The ID card
and the debit card merging; getting rid of cash. Everything will be on the
card. Every time you go buy something, they'll know what books you read,
what tapes you rent.
  "They'll debit your Social Security tax payments automatically. You'll
have no more cash. Cash will be gone; it will be illegal; you won't be able
to hide any more money in your mattress. And as Ross Perot pointed out, the
current Clinton budget will eventually mean an 82 percent tax rate" to
cover expanding welfare programs.
  "If they freeze your card, you can't buy food; you can't pay a lawyer. If
they can assume how much money a waitress should make in tips, and tax that
amount, then they can assume how much you make, and tax the amount they
assume you should be making. And at that point you're a slave. You are a
Digital fingerprinting
  Central in organizing resistance to the national ID card to which Russo
refers is the Coalition to Repeal the Fingerprint Law, at 5446 Peachtree
Industrial Boulevard, Suite 133, Atlanta, GA 30341, telephone 404-250-8105.
  The group's web site is at   Posted there is an article by Cyndee Parker - self-described Georgia
"housewife turned activist, because no one else was doing anything about
it" - which begins: "In September of 1996, President Clinton signed into
law the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act of
1996. Buried at approximately page 650 of the new National Defense Bill,
also known as Public Law 104-208, Part B, Title IV, the American public was
given a national ID card. With no fanfare, no publicity and no scrutiny,
the bill easily avoided the watchful eyes of even its most aggressive
opponents. ...
  "In Section 401-403, pilot programs have been initiated by the U.S.
Attorney General, one of which is the 'Machine Readable Document Pilot
Program.' In this particular program, employers would have to 'procure' a
document reader linked to the federal government's Social Security
Administration in order to have the potential employee swipe their new
drive's license/national ID card through the reader. Then it would be up to
the federal government to either approve or disapprove the applicant for
employment. ...
  Additionally, Section 656 of the new law states that "after October 1,
2000, Federal agencies may only accept as proof of identity driver's
licenses that conform to standards developed by the Secretary of the
Treasury," after consultation with state motor vehicle officials and the
American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators. "The AAMVA sees
digital fingerprinting as the best way to go in driver's license
identifiers," Ms. Parker reports.
  Parker quotes Dick Armey, R-Tex., calling the move "an abomination and
wholly at odds with the American tradition of individual freedom." Jack
Kemp told the New York Times this was "an anti-privacy, anti-business and
anti-American approach." Of course, Parker adds, "all this was said before
the bills were snuck through in the last defense bill. ... For the first
time in American history and reminiscent of Communist countries, our
government would have the ability to grant approval before a private
company enters into private employment contracts with private citizens,"
all justified as necessary to ban illegal immigrants from the workplace,
and to track down "deadbeat dads" delinquent on their child-support
Your number, please?
  A sister law is the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity
Reconciliation Act of 1996, now Public Law 104-193, approved by the
"Conservative Republican
Congress" on July 23, 1996, and signed into law by President Clinton on
Aug. 22, 1996.
  Public Law 104-193 requires that, as a condition for receipt of federal
"Child Support" and "Aid to Families With Dependent Children" funding, each
state must implement federally-defined citizen locating and tracking
measures, and specifically  authorizes the use of Social Security numbers
in a new biometric identity card ("biometric" referring to individualized
digital fingerprints, retinal scans, and so forth) for NON-drivers.
  Of special note in that bill are Section 313, the "State directory of new
hires," which Ms. Parker summarizes as "all new employees to be databased
with nationwide multiple agency sharing of personal information. ... felony
conspiracy charges for employers not reporting."
  Section 316, the "Expansion of the Federal Parent Locator Service" then
gives us "Employee assets and debts to be databased. Secretary of the
Treasury to have access to database."
  And that one's followed by Section 317, "Collection and use of Social
Security numbers for use in child support enforcement," which Ms. Parker
summarizes as "All applications for professional licenses, occupational,
drivers and marriage licenses to include Social Security numbers. Formerly
illegal as an invasion of privacy under the Privacy Act of 1974, USC Title
5, Section 552a."
  Uri Dowbenko did indeed look up all this stuff for his article in the
Oct. 13, 1997 National Review, as candidate Russo reported. And Dowbenko
confirms Cyndee Parker's reading of these laws, adding:
  "There is also a stipulation for the development of
'counterfeit-resistant Social Security cards,' implying the use of
biometric data like fingerprints and/or retinal scans. This is not sci-fi,
folks, it's the law."
'Resistance will spread'
  As Mr. Safire of the Times reports, several states have already moved to
comply with the new federal requirements -- some picking up federal "pilot
program" funding for their efforts.
  "The new driver's license requirement mandating fingerprints for Georgia
drivers and those wanting ID cards passed the state Legislature with
virtually no public or media attention in April of 1996," Cyndee Parker
reports from Atlanta. "The first known announcement was on the local
Atlanta news announcing an October 1996 date to begin fingerprinting."
  Since then, efforts to repeal the Georgia fingerprinting law have been
blocked by inspired procedural maneuvering on the part of the leadership of
the Georgia state Legislature.
  Bobby Franklin is a first-term member of the Georgia House of
Representatives from District 39, in Marietta. Marietta is in Cobb County,
home of Kennesaw, which recently and famously reacted to firearm bans
elsewhere by passing a law which requires every head of household to own a
  "And the crime rate immediately dropped, and stayed down, which you will
not see covered in the national news, because that's something they do not
want you to know," laughed Rep. Franklin when I reached him at his home on
a Monday night in early January.
  But I was calling Franklin about the fingerprint law.
  "They did that here back in '96, on the last day of the session. I was
not in the House then; I was elected in '96. So we tried last year to
repeal the measure. We had several bills that were introduced, we were
promised by the chairman of the committee that it would be let out so it
could be voted on by the whole house. ..."
  Needless to say, that did not happen.
  "The (state) Senate amended to remove the fingerprints, and we missed
upholding that by one vote.
  "I know in Alabama, their department of public safety said last year,
they just up and said, 'Hey guys, we're fingerprinting.' And there was such
a public outcry against it that the department backed down and they're not
fingerprinting. And we're very close to repealing, here. Our two major
Republican candidates for governor this year are both saying they will
issue an executive order banning our Motor Vehicle Department from
  At which point, won't they just substitute retinal scans, or something
else to meet the federal requirement, I ask Franklin. After all, no state
wants its residents cut off from all those fine, federal benefits as of the
year 2000.
  "Our draft legislation says they're not allowed to use (start
ital)any(end ital) biometric identifiers. We hope if we can block it in
Georgia it will spread, that we can prevent them from instituting their
program, that resistance will spread. No one wants to be chattel. If we're
treated like a number, we're property."
  Alabama "was basically a pilot program, from what I understood. They
threw out a trial balloon to see how it would go, and they got slammed, so
they backed away from it."
  On June 19, 1997, Congressman Bob Schaffer rose to the floor of the House
of Representatives in Washington, and read into the record Colorado Joint
House Resolution 97-1027 (passed unanimously in the state Senate, and by a
vote of 59-6 in the House): "Resolved ... that we, the members of the
Sixty-first General Assembly urge the Congress of the United States to
amend or repeal those specific provisions of the federal Personal
Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 set forth in
this Resolution that place undue burden and expense upon the several
states, that violate provisions of the Constitution of the United States,
that impose insufficiently funded mandates upon the states in the
establishment, modification, and enforcement of child support obligations,
or that unjustifiably intrude into the personal lives of the law-abiding
citizens of the United States of America."
  Resistance IS spreading.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. His book, "Send in the Waco Killers," is due from
Huntington Press in May, 1998. Readers may contact him via e-mail at
vin The web site for the Suprynowicz column is at
 The column is syndicated in the United
States and Canada via Mountain Media Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas
Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
"If ye love wealth greater than liberty, the tranquility of servitude
greater than the animating contest for freedom, go home from us in peace.
We seek not your counsel, nor your arms. Crouch down and lick the hand that
feeds you. May your chains set lightly upon you; and may posterity forget
that ye were our countrymen."    -- Samuel Adams
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-20 23:44:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: A Geodesic Society? 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: Bulk
The following is something I wrote for a private online conference
sponsored by Nikkei, the Japanese financial news organization. Since
they're supposedly combing the list for quotable bon mots, I may end up in
the Japanese papers. :-).
Anyway, longtime residents of this list have seen me say this kind of stuff
before, but for those who haven't, the following explains the kinds of
effects I think the combination of ubiquitous public networks and financial
cryptography can have.
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rah
Reply-To: gis-asia
X-MLserver: majordomo-1.94.1 k-patch-2.0-alpha p-patch-1.0
X-sequence: gis-asia 10
Sender: owner-gis-asia
Precedence: bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
As the token cryptoanarchist around here, I've been lurking way too long,
mostly because I'm working on this financial cryptography conference we're
doing in Anguilla next week. However, A lot of good stuff has gone by on all
of these groups, and I think it's time I put my oar in and earned my keep a
bit before I enter the maelstrom of next week's FC98 conference, and loose
my chance to say anything here until it's all over.
The first topic I'd like to talk about is something which is more general
than my ostensible commercial focus in these discussions, and, after I've
said my piece here, I'll go back to the commerce list and pay more attention
to that end of things.  I have a little more to say there on what you can do
with the technology of money on public networks, though I'll drop a few
hints here to get people thinking about them.
My observation about networks in general is a rather obvious one when you
think about it: our social structures map to our communication structures.
As intuitive as it is to understand, this observation provides great insight
into where the technology of computer assisted communication will take us in
the years ahead.
Because of Moore's Law and its effect of collapsing the price of
semiconductors by half every 18 months, our telecommunication architectures
have changed from hierarchical networks, where it's cheaper to add lines
than it is to add expensive switching nodes, to geodesic networks, where it
is ever-exponentially cheaper to add microprocessor switches instead of now
relatively more expensive transmission lines.
This isn't new. In fact, it's outlined in Peter Huber's landmark "The
Geodesic Network", written in 1986 as a report for Judge Harold Greene as
part of the Modified Final Judgement which broke up American Telephone and
Telegraph, and with it the US telephone monopoly. I believe the original
version is still available from the US Government Printing Office, and I
know that you can order a revised edition from Peter Huber's law firm in
Washington. Huber himself is now a famous technology analyst from the
Manhattan Institute and a Forbes columnist, among other things.
In "The Geodesic Network", Huber observed that because the network was
becoming more and more geodesic, competition in telecommunications was
becoming much easier. That's because switching, a scarce thing which had
theretofore caused economies of scale and resultant "natural" monopoly, was
becoming cheaper and cheaper to build, and thus causing *dis*economies of
scale in the telephone markets.
One can almost hear Huber doing a little heavy lifting from the Marines in
report's conclusion, which was, essentially, "Deregulate 'em all, and let
God sort 'em out." It's nice to see that we're finally getting to see
deregulation of the "last mile" of the US telephone network 10 years after
Huber's recommendation.
As it is, it took *me* almost 10 years to realize something else about
geodesic networks. It's something which required me getting back on the
internet 4 years ago, after not being there since grad school, and
discovering that financial cryptography -- that is, the cryptographic
protocols for internet payment -- was much more important than the project
management software I had wanted to sell on the net at the time.
My realization was, if Moore's Law creates geodesic communications networks,
and our social structures -- our institutions, our businesses, our
governments -- all map to the way we communicate in large groups, then we
are in the process of creating a geodesic society. A society in which
communication between any two residents of that society, people, economic
entities, pieces of software, whatever, is geodesic: literally, the
straightest line across a sphere, rather than hierarchical, through a chain
of command, for instance.
This seems like a very simple truth these days. A "motherhood", as people in
American business like to say. But, once you start thinking about the world
in the terms of geodesic networks versus hierarchical ones, the world
changes. A Buckminster Fuller version of satori, if you will, though I'm
sure Bucky didn't think of human society in geodesic terms, at least from
what I've read of his work. His "World Game", for instance, is primarily
about the hierarchical centralization and redistribution of resources in an
industrial fashion. But, as it was, Bucky Fuller had discovered a geometric
archtype which was deeper than even his capacious understanding of its
implications had gotten him before.
So in light of this observation, for fun, let's look at human history in a
few paragraphs. :-).
Humans first lived in small groups on the African savanna. An artifact of
this life is the fact that most people can't have serious emotional
relationships with more than about 12 people, depending on how you define
serious. :-). Think of it as the carrying capacity of the human "switch",
and things get interesting. These small groups communicated geodesically.
When you wanted to talk to someone, you went up and talked to them. Then we
developed agriculture and its resulting food surpluses, people tended to
congregate at the crossroads of trade routes, and that's where the first
cities began. Civilization means, literally, "life in cities", remember?
Once we had large groups of people in a single place, we had lots of
information to pass around, but we also had expensive humans "switching"
that information who were only able to trust about 12 people at any time.
So, we had to develop hierarchical "networks", social organizations in other
words, to move that information around. Notice we finesse the whole trust
problem by using the entire hierarchy as one entity in everyone's
trusted-person list. That's why people die for king and country, for
instance, instead of just their family hunter-gatherer clan.
So, we can now see the ancient city-state as a hierarchy of power,
economics, whatever. We can also see ancient empires as a hierarchies of
city states, and so on. Notice that the size of any given hierarchy in
geographic terms is determined by the *speed* of communications it posesses.
Athenian triremes were very secure ways to move goods and information in a
relatively lawless Agean. Roman roads and galleys didn't just haul goods
quickly, they moved information as well. Staged Mongol riders could carry
messages across their own short-lived empire from a capital near China to
the gates of Warsaw in as little as 14 days. Napoleon invented his
10-mile-an-hour stagecoach and highway system for exactly the same reason,
and could almost legitimately call himself an emperor for the feat alone.
That brings us to the modern nation state, which, I claim, is entirely the
result of industrial communications technology. That is, you have
increasingly faster communications, from sailing ships to trains to
telegraphy and finally telephony, but you still have humans switching
information. That gives you larger and larger communication, and thus
social, hierarchies. Up until the automation of telephone switching --
paradoxically brought about a demand for universal service in exchange for
that ultimate industrial hierarchy, the US telephone monopoly -- things just
kept getting bigger and bigger. One could even see the increasing size of
government in this century as an "antihierarchy" funded by the forcible
confiscation or political extortion of economic rents from the large
industrial hierarchies where industrial society's money was being made in
the first place.
For a tasty little digression, Marxism then can be seen as simple
anti-industrialism, and an intriguing validation of Bertrand Russell's
comments about the similarity of Marxism and the feudal aristocracy it hated
so much. Hegel can't come to Marx's rescue here at all, because, for all
it's anarchistic pretensions, Marxism can now be seen as merely
industrialism's hierarchical antithesis, and not something "beyond
capitalism". Besides, trading has been around since the savana itself. It's
hard to imagine something antithetical to trade -- and have the result be
human, anyway. :-).
Okay. Now let's look at the future, shall we? Oddly enough, the "future"
starts with the grant of telephone monopoly to AT&T in the 1920's in
exchange for universal telephone service. When AT&T figured out that a
majority of people would have to be telephone operators for that to happen,
it started to automate switching, from electricomechanical, to electronic
(the transistor was invented at Ball Labs, remember), to, finally,
semiconducting microprocessors.  Which, Huber noted, brought us Moore's Law,
and, finally, that mother of all geodesic networks, the internet.
So, seen this way, using the hierarchy-to-geodesy synthesis (speaking of
Hegel :-)), a lot of things jump out right at us. Let's look at financial
operations, for example.
One can see, for instance, that the thing we call disintermediation in the
capital markets is in fact a process leading to something I call
*micro*intermediation, where large human decision hierarchies, like the New
York Stock Exchange, or money center banks, are being outcompeted by large
integrated proprietary computer networks, like the NASDAQ interbrokerage
network, or Fidelity Investments here in Boston. Yet, these financial
versions of big dumb bulletin boards, which still need humans to operate
them on behalf of the customer, will themselves be replaced someday by
smaller, more specialized and automated entities operating in increasingly
smaller market niches, and, we aren't just talking about financial
"shovelware", with database-driven web forms, either.
Someday, for instance, a couple of portfolio managers from Fidelity could
strike out on their own peculiar investment specialty, and set up a web
server to handle their investor relations, but in a way that financial
operations people thought was obsolete decades ago. Using financial
cryptgraphy like David Chaum's blind signature protocol, our portfolio
managers could just issue digital *bearer* certificates, right over the net
to their customers, representing shares in the portfolio they manage, rather
than keep track of all a given client's transactions in a database for
posterity. Even more fun, using the digital bearer *cash* they get from the
sale of those certificates, they could turn right around and instantly buy
debt, equity, or any derivative thereof, in digital bearer form, of course,
without waiting for any transactions to settle through a clearinghouse of
any kind. Why? Because knowing that you've digitally signed a unique blop of
bits and honoring the promises those various outstanding blops represent is
a whole lot easier, faster, and, of course, cheaper than keeping track of
every transaction you make for seven years, or whatever your friendly nation
state says you have to do so they can send somebody to jail if that person
lies to you. And, of course, digital bearer settlement is *much* faster than
waiting for all those book-entries to percolate through various
clearinghouses, banks, brokerages, and other financial intermediaries in
order for a trade to clear and settle.
Financial cryptography is a direct consequence of Moore's Law. You can't do
it without computers, and, more important, lots of cheap computers on a
network. But, you can do a lot of very neat things with it, as we've seen
above. In fact, the protocols of financial cryptography will be the glue
which holds a geodesic economy, if you will, together. And, of course, as
Deke Slayton put it, "No bucks, no Buck Rogers." No geodesic economy, no
geodesic society.
I joke about VISA being replaced someday by an innumerable swarm of very
small underwriting 'bots' whose job it is to form an ad hoc syndicate which
buys the personal digital bearer bond issue you floated for today's lunch.
In a geodesic market, the one-to-many relationships of hierarchical
book-entry-settled industrial finance, like checks and credit cards, becomes
to the many-to-one relationship of the geodesic digital-bearer-settled cash
and the personal bond syndicate.
But, what, you ask, do I do when someone defrauds me? The neat thing about
using financial cryptography on public networks is that you can use the much
cheaper early-industrial trust models that went away because you couldn't
shove a paper bearer bond down a telegraph wire. In short, reputation
becomes everything. Like J. Pierpont Morgan said 90 years ago,
"...Character. I wouldn't buy anything from a man with no character if he
offered me all the bonds in Christendom." In a geodesic market, if someone
commits fraud, everyone knows it. Instantly. And, something much worse than
incarceration happens to that person. That person's reputation "capital"
disappears. They cease to exist financially. Financial cryptographers
jokingly call it reputation capital punishment. :-). The miscreant has to
start all over with a new digital signature, and have to pay through the
nose until that signature's reputation's established. A very long and
expensive process, as anyone who's gone bankrupt will testify to.
So, you don't need biometric identity to stop non-repudiation. Translated,
that means that since you're moving secure digital bearer certificates over
an insecure private network like the internet, and not moving insecure
debits and credits over a secure private network like the SWIFT system, you
don't need audit trails to send someone to jail if they make the wrong book
Instead, you trust the issuer of a given piece of digital bearer cash, say,
and not the person who gave it to you, just like you trust the issuer of a
given currency today. Biometric identity is orthogonal to reputation in, um,
"cypherspace". And, of course, a financial intermediary like the above
issuer of digital bearer cash is not about to destroy its reputation for the
sake of a very small transaction like the one you're doing, any more than
the Fed would demand 6 one dollar bills in exchange for one five dollar bill
just to make an extra buck. Well, not since they started listening to
Friedman, anyway. :-)
Microintermediation means what it says. Financial intermediaries never go
away. You can't have markets, much less efficient ones, without financial
intermediaries buying things low and selling them high. Renting their
reputations to ensure transaction liquidity, in other words. This is at the
essense of Von Mises' "Calculation Argument" against planned economies, and
the defunct economy of the ex-Soviet Union is mute testament to that
particular economic truth.
Moore's Law, I like to say, operates like a surfactant of information,
breaking great globs of concentrated information fractally into smaller and
smaller bits, like so much grease in soapy dishwater. Capital, for the most
part, can now be converted into information and instantantly bought or sold,
or, more to the point, instantly settled and cleared in digital bearer form,
in increasingly smaller and smaller bits, by smaller and smaller and
increasingly more automated financial intermediaries. Microintermediated, in
other words.
What we get is a world where anything which can be digitized and sent down a
wire will be auctioned off in real-time in cash-settled markets. Stuff like
capital we've seen, but lots of other things, which are not immediately
intuitive. Machine instructions -- teleoperated or not. Software of all
kinds including entertainment and art. Bandwidth; I talk about a router
saving enough micromoney out of switching income to buy a copy of itself.
Maybe even adjudication and physical force, someday. After all, who says we
have to buy violence from the local force monopolies we now call nation
states, especially if we can get it cheaper and better -- and possibly in
smaller amounts -- in a competitive auction market?  Curioser and curioser,
as Alice used to say...
I mean, the nation-state's just another hierarchical artifact of industrial
communication technology, right? Besides, If everyone's paying for things in
cash and no book entry taxes can be collected because there aren't any book
entries, then, as someone said on a Harvard Law School list a few years ago,
"What happens when taxes become a tip"? Of course, there are various
cypherpunks out there who say things like "Write softare, not laws.", which
should make those folks on Mass Ave in Cambridge more than a little nervous
So, welcome to the geodesic future. Not hoping to attract the wrath of the
famous curse, isn't it an, um, interesting place?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-02-15 05:27:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Joseph Reagle; Meta-data and Negotiation in Digital Commerce 
X-Sender: rah
        Jeremey Barrett Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
              The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                        Joseph Reagle Jr.
                   World Wide Web Consortium
                        "Social Protocols":
                    Meta-data and Negotiation
                       in Digital Commerce
                    Tuesday, March 3, 1997
                           12 - 2 PM
               The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                  One Federal Street, Boston, MA
On the foundations of basic network, meta-data, and negotiation protocols, a
"new" set of protocols, "social protocols," are being built. They are in
fact applications of meta-data and negotiation in order to mimic the social
capabilities people have in the real world: capabilities to create rich
content, make verifiable assertions, create agreements, and to develop and
manage trust relationships. Furthermore, governments realize that a
significant portion of their constituencies and markets are moving on-line.
Consequently, as the sophistication of one's interactions on the Web
increase through the development of social protocols, so does the
regulators' interest in extending their "real world" mandates on commerce
and culture to the Web.  Mr. Reagle will detail the development of "social
protocols" and their ability to create and maintain spontaneous, emergent,
social structures versus their ability to propagate "real world" norms on
the Web.
Joseph Reagle Jr. joined the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) at MIT in
October of 1996 to focus on policy issues related to the development of
global technologies and their relationship to social and legal structures.
Specifically, how to promote "good" engineering when applied to a
multifaceted and often contentious policy environment; one result of this
activity is the W3C Statement on Policy. Mr. Reagle received a Computer
Science degree from University of Maryland Baltimore County (UMBC) and
continued on to the S.M. Technology and Policy program at the Massachusettes
Institute of Technology (MIT). While at MIT he worked with the Research
Program on Communication Policy on IPR, eCommerce, security, and
cryptographic policy. During the summer of '95, he worked at Open Market on
electronic commerce protocols. Before joining the W3C at the Laboratory for
Computer Science (MIT), Mr. Reagle consulted on Internet and interactive
media for McCann-Erickson, and Internet gambling for go-Digital.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, March 3, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting for sale on CD/R, and to put it on
the web in RealAudio format, at some future date.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by Saturday,
February 28th, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks payable to
anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
April     Adam Shostack       Digital Commerce Security:
                               Beyond Firewalls
May       Jeremey Barrett     Digital Bearer Certificate Protocols
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If
you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page: Ask me about FC98 in Anguilla!:

@_date: 1998-03-10 04:15:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Adam Shostack; No Silver Bullet -- Digital Commerce and Payment Security 
X-Sender: rah
        "Michael S. Baum" Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
              The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                        Adam Shostack
                         Netect, Inc.
                       "No Silver Bullet"
           Digital Commerce and Payment Security
                    Tuesday, April 7, 1997
                           12 - 2 PM
               The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                  One Federal Street, Boston, MA
The traditional threats that apply to digital commerce systems are the same
as the threats against all other commerce systems.  But the communications
networks that are available to the bad guys make possible and effective
attacks that could never work before.  Adam Shostack will examine some of
these new threats to electronic commerce, some of the potential solutions,
and share his vision of the future tools to protect commerce.
New attacks against commerce include the automation of knowledge.  The
pickpocket of old needed to practice for years to learn how to be
effective.  Today's 14 year olds can download a package with a win95
interface to exploit security holes.  The nature of the internet allows
them to engage in these attacks anonymously. The anonymous nature of the
net also means that people can engage in attacks that have a very small
payoff, or a small chance of a large payoff.  They also engage in attacks
for the thrill of it, costing companies trust and confidence, as well as
down time and its associated lost revenue.
New methods of dealing with the threats and problems posed by the
automation of new attacks will be required.  Where 'traditional' security
measures, such as firewalls, have failed to deal with the new attacks,
there is need to try new approaches. This talk will cover the new breeds of
attack, and the new methods of building secure foundations to help busy
companies cope.
Mr. Shostack is Director of Technology for Netect, Inc, a startup making
innovative applications to help cope with the new breed of security
problems.  He has extensive background in designing, implementing and
testing secure systems for clients in the medical, computer, and financial
industries. His recent public work includes 'Apparent Weaknesses in the
Security Dynamics Client Server Protocol,' 'Source Code Review Guidelines,'
and comparisons of freely available cryptographic libraries. Adam was also
one of the instructors, along with John Kelsey of Counterpane, and Gary
Howland of SecureAccounts, in Ian Goldberg's FC98 Financial Cryptography
Workshop, which was held in Anguilla in early March this year.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, April 7, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting for sale on CD/R, and to put it on
the web in RealAudio format, at some future date.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by Saturday,
April 4th, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks payable to
anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
May       Jeremey Barrett     Digital Bearer Certificate Protocols
June      Michael Baum        PKI and the Commercial CA
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If
you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-03-22 12:28:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Prediction: NAI will issue a "Clarification" about PGP      from  Europe 
So. John. Don't the trees look like stuffed animals this morning?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-04-02 13:42:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: illegal export of pgp.zip by .mil 
This is really nothing new. My understanding is that when Kelly Goen posted
the original PGP to USENET, he set the distribution to US only, or at the
very least North America only.
However, some mis-configured news machine actually exported PGP to the rest
of the world by ignoring the distribution request on those news messages.
The machine in question had a .mil domain name. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-04-14 19:02:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Apple crypto engineer position available 
Please note, this is *not* a flame. I'm not getting even *slightly* warm,
here... :-).
At 6:20 PM -0400 on 4/14/98, Somebody, Waay Up There at Apple, wrote to me,
Yup. The old irony meter is pegged, alright...
Tell ya what, Somebody, I'll give you three hints:
Hint 1: Whatsisname Sidhu,
who negotiated the world's first RSA license, and who probably could have
invented digital commerce on the internet all by himself if he only knew
what he had, already bought and paid for, wasted in a mail and LAN
protocol, buried in the bowels of the MacOS.
We still haven't seen what's in that RSA license to Apple, but, given RSA's
financial straits at the time the license was issued, I bet it reads more
of a pornographic act than a legal agreement. :-). I for one would be
interested how transferrable it *still* is. Like, if Apple builds a Mac
crypto toolbox, does that mean that anyone writing code using the crypto
toolbox has a license to use the algorithms therein? I bet so, but the
world will never know. The technology, (RSA, anyway) has a countdown clock
on it now, so it's almost moot. Don't even get me started on ECC, which is,
of course, marvellous, but equally squandered.
Anyway, a more clueful Sidhu, (who, to be fair, couldn't have understood
what was coming) could have, with just a little of the right prompting :-),
taken some of the money you guys gave to, say, Steve, for instance :-), and
bought the blind signature patent at firesale prices from DigiCash ($10
million is chump change, even to Apple, even then, :-)) at last year's
greater-fools exchange of ownership at "the world's greatest financial
cryptography company" (my name, not theirs).
Heck, if Apple had bought DigiCash outright, and just *fired* everybody,
and only used the *technology* (kind of dumb to fire David Chaum, but, hey,
it's my limb, and I'm not coming off of it), Apple could have put blind
signatures into that Macintosh crypto tool box, and the world really
*would* think differently. :-).
That's because, someday sooner than most people think, all these
cryptographic functions, particularly the financial crypto functions like
blind signatures, and probably even something like MicroMint, will be
buried deep in every operating system. Apple could have had crypto for the
rest of us, same as it ever was, way ahead of schedule, same as they always
do. But, no, they fired Sidhu, instead. Causing his whole staff, and every
crypto-clueful person at Apple, to quit in disgust. :-).
What's funny is, Apple *still* has this enormous competitive advantage if
they still want it. Because, even though they're goliath, Microsoft can't
do crypto very well right now. They've got this homunculus called the
Justice Department's antitrust division sitting on their sholder, and they
don't want to do anything to upset Dammit Janet. (I immediately have this
ludicrous picture my head of Ms. Reno in wet underware, with Riff Raff
[Carville, right?] leering at her.) Not to mention the Wrath of the Whole
Rest of the Computer Business, voted through their pocketbooks on capital
hill. ;-). Actually, Microsoft's trying to do strong crypto anyway, bless
their hearts, but they're not going to do it for long, given all the flying
monkeys headed in their general direction.
Fortunately, compared to the antitrust division and their minions, the FBI
is a mere gnat's fart, believe it or not.
That's because, to torture dear Mr. Wolfe, "no Buck Rogers, no bucks":
Digital Commerce *is* Financial Cryptography, and all that. So, all it
really takes from Apple to have this huge advantage, crypto-wise, is for it
to have more cajones than grey matter, which, unfortunately, is exactly the
inverse problem at 1 Infinite Loop, the last I looked. Apple being a
founding signatory to the Key Recovery Alliance Program is a marvellous
example of that. Look, it's a complement, okay? You're *smart*, right? You
just have no --, well, anyway, on to the next hint...
Hint 2: Jon Callas,
who was not only CTO for PGP, but, through being both clueful and at the
right place the right time, ended up CTO for all of Network Associates. NA
is now (or will be soon, after the TIS merger's done) the 900-lb
cryptogorilla nobody's supposed to think about, but can't get out of their
Of course, this is the same Jon Callas who used to work for the
aforementioned Sidhu, and who, for fun one day, thought up a really
*really* spiffy, rock-solid way to extract real live entropy from the
normal operation of any Macintosh. And I don't mean memory conflicts
either. :-)
What? What's entropy? Hmmm... Well, there's this book you can read, it's
called "Applied Cryptography". It's by a former Mac maven named Bruce
Schneier. You might want to look it up there.  Entropy, of course, brings
me to the the final hint,
Hint 3: Vinnie Moscaritolo,
the guy whose name is written all over Apple's new job discription for a
crypto engineer. The guy who now works for Jon over at PGP-now-NA. Vinnie,
who, while he was at Apple Developer Technical Support last year, asked you
guys to set up a crypto engineering department, not to mention a crypto
toolbox, not to mention a crypto API. Who left in disgust shortly after the
aforementioned Sidhu, but not because you fired Sidhu, because, in typical
Vinnie fashion, he practically venerated Sidhu's clueness about commerce,
because Vinnie saw it as an opportunity (Marines are wierd that way). :-).
Who is probably making waay too much money to come back now, and who would
have probably taken a pay *cut*, even at *DTS* salaries, to do the job had
you offered it to him even a year ago.
Ironic, isn't it?
In the final bit of irony, Somebody Else, in Apple Evangelism at the time,
who was not even especially crypto-clueful back then, and who will also
remain nameless :-), once bandied about the idea of an actual crypto
*evangelist* at Apple. Maybe even a digital commerce evangelist, who, of
course, would be one and the same (digital commerce being financial
cryptography and all).
The irony there is that said evangelist, if hired, would end up spending
all his time evangelizing *Apple*, and not the developer community, who of
course, are clueful and don't need evangelizing about such things.  Such
are things at the new Apple, I guess.
Of course, Somebody Else also doesn't work at Apple anymore either. He
works in, you guessed it, another financial cryptography company. I even
yelled at him about his antics at Apple, even though he's not there
anymore, while we were at the Hansa Bank party at Serenity during FC98 on
Anguilla this year. :-).
Now, what I said *then* was a flame, you better believe it, because back
*then*, when Somebody Else was at Apple, it cost me actual money.
This time, with you, Somebody, it's free of charge, and so I'm not nearly
so worked up.
Bob Hettinga
PS. To save you the cost of a white paper, Somebody, or maybe you can just
pay us for it, already :-), go look at "Digital Commerce for the Rest of
Us", a longish rant Vinnie and I wrote almost two years ago. For some
strange reason, it's still pretty current. ;-).
It's at Raines Cohen actually moshed it a bit and stuck it into the inaugural issue
of NetProfessional magazine, god rest it's soul, so you might have seen
some of it there as well.
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-04-20 08:08:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Donald Eastlake; "The Internet Open Trading Protocol" 
X-Sender: rah
        "Michael S. Baum" ,
        Jeremey Barrett ,
        Rodney Thayer Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
               The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                       Donald Eastlake 3rd
                         Cybercash, Inc.
                The Internet Open Trading Protocol
                      Tuesday, May 5, 1997
                             12 - 2 PM
                 The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                   One Federal Street, Boston, MA
The Internet Open Trading Protocol provides an interoperable
framework for Internet commerce.  It is payment system independent
and will be able to encapsulate payment systems such as SET, Mondex,
CyberCash, DigiCash, GeldKarte, etc.  IOTP is able to handle cases
where such roles as the merchant, the payment handler, the
deliverer of goods or services, and the provider of customer support
are performed by different parties or by one party.  See
Donald Eastlake 3rd is a Principal Systems Engineer at CyberCash, Inc.
before which he was in the Pathworks network group at Digital Equipment
Corporation.  At CyberCash, he helped design the "CyberCash message format"
documented in RFC 2898 and implemented the library routines that support
them. He also architected and did the preliminary implementation of
CyberCash's SET implementation.  He is active in IETF standards efforts and
is currently the document editor for the IETF DNS security working group
including RFCs 2065 and 2137.
[Moderator's note: Unfortunately, Jeremey Barrett of BlueMoney,
the speaker originally scheduled for May, found himself unable
do so this month. We are in the process of rescheduling his
talk on digital bearer settlement for a later date. Our
apologies for any inconvenience this may cause.
The DCSB Program Committee thanks Mr. Eastlake for coming
forward on such short notice with such a splendid replacement
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, May 5, 1997, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting and put it on the web in RealAudio
format at some future date
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really*
know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by
Saturday, May 2nd, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks
payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be
sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've
had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance),
please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
June      Michael Baum        PKI Requirements from a
                               Commercial CA's Perspective
July      Rodney Thayer       IPSEC and Digital Commerce
TBA       Jeremey Barrett     Digital Bearer Settlement
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on
the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga,  .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in
the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-05-01 11:49:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: db$: The Wright Brothers vs. Chixalub 
X-Sender: rah (Unverified)
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: --- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rah (Unverified)
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: You might notice that the tag on this one says "db$". That's to
differentiate it from my "e$" rants, which might be more general than ones
like this one, which is on digital bearer settlement. I think there is lots
of talk about electronic commerce and e$ these days from whole bunches of
people, and, as a consequence, my interest in it has focused more onto the
issue of digital bearer settlement.  You'll probably be seeing more db$
tags than e$ tags on my rants going forward.
All of which brings me to some obversations I've been making in public
about blind signatures lately, and the excellent time I had at Ed Yeardon's
Cutter Consortium "Summit" conference the past few days.
Let's start with yet another aviation analogy about Digicash, shall we? :-).
Remember, I like to do that.
Once I compared privacy to flight, and said that, like flight, lots of
people had died getting strong cryptography to work, and that privacy
itself was an inherent good. The thing which actually got people to use the
technology, however, was its commercial value. It wasn't the joy of flight
or slipping the surly bounds of earth at Kitty Hawk that got people into
the air, it was coach fare to Dayton. It was digital commerce, and thus
financial cryptography, which created the most privacy. Digital Commerce is
financial cryptography, financial cryptography is strong cryptography, and
all that.
Then there's my analogy of book-entry settlement as Boyle's law (partial
pressure of gasses?) and strong crypto, particularly digital bearer
settlement, as Bernoulli's law, the law describing aerodynamic lift.
Essentially you can think of cryptography and bearer settlement as wings,
and book entries as, well, bags of gas. :-).
Thinking this way, with commerce on the internet as flight, First Virtual
becomes a tethered baloon. Encrypting your First Virtual transaction makes
it an aerodynamic barrage balloon. Encrypting a credit card in an SSL
web-form is flying around on a Zeppelin. And, David Chaum becomes the
Wright Brothers for inventing the airplane. I used to say "Or maybe Otto
Lillenthal" under my breath to get a laugh, but now, I know exactly why
David Chaum is the Wright Brothers.
That's because Digicash *is* The Wright Flying Machine Company, or whatever
the Wright's subsequent enterprise was called. It seems to me that
Digicash's strategy with the blind signature is a dead ringer for the
Wright Brothers' control of the airplane patent. Here's why:
1. In the beginning, nobody believed that the Wright brothers could fly,
and they had to take the airplane to Paris and demonstrate it there before
anyone in the US thought it was true.
Digicash did the same thing. Actually, the NSA created a positively hostile
environment here in the USA for cryptography, financial or otherwise, and
that forced David Chaum to go to the Netherlands, where there was a more
positive reception for his work.
2. Then, nobody could think about what you could do with airplanes, and the
Wrights foundered for a bit..
Same thing with Chaum, Digicash, and the blind signature patent. The
commercial internet didn't exist yet in 1986, and blind signatures were
conceived as useful only in smartcards, which were just being experimented
with. Digicash was going to be used in physical electronic wallets, and
maybe in transponders at the gates of toll roads. The CAFE project was an
example of this meat-space ecash strategy.
It wasn't that Chaum didn't think about the internet. Far from it. He
invented digital mixes, after all, which became the basis for anonymous
remailers, onion routers, CROWDS, and the like. He just didn't look at
blind signatures from the financial operations point of view and see
digital bearer settlement, that's all. He was thinking privacy, and not
financial operations, just like the Wrights were thinking flight, and not
high-speed transportation.
3. The entire time they held the patent, the Wrights only really wanted to
sell airplanes to governments, because they wanted to sell to a few large
stable customers instead of small entities who would probably go out of
Digicash, to this day, tries to sell to big institutions. Their now mostly
internet-driven digital cash stategy is to create the financial equivalent
of Alfred Nobel's dynamite cartel, where one bank in each country gets an
ecash license, hopefully the largest bank possible. Mark Twain in the US
was a proof of concept, if not an act of desperation on Digicash's part,
but it did lead to exclusive (I bet) country-wide licences with Nomura,
Deutchebank, the Swedish Post office, and others. There was talk at FC98
that Digicash received $1 million a month from Deutchebank just for the
*option* on a Germany-wide license. I think they've now exercised that
option. Frankly, I find this geographic, paint-by-the-nation-state approach
quaint in a world of ubiquitous geodesic internetworks, but there it is,
and it effectively prevents other people from doing anything innovative
with blind signatures in the meantime. Monopolies on information
technologies kind of work that way. Dogs and mangers come to mind, and not
for the first time.
4. The Wrights, when they thought about the transportation business at all,
thought about it in terms of "rides" instead of "trips".
Digicash isn't really looking at the applications of their technology to
anything except its original designed purpose, that is, cash. There are
some leaks around the edges, of course.
Nomura seems to be looking at blind signature digital bearer settlement as
a real-time gross-settlement technology, with some kind of private,
kiretsu-cash idea. Digicash people used to give you a shocked "how did you
know that already" look when you talked to them about the painfully obvious
potential use of blind signatures in the capital markets.
However, I'm certain that Digicash thinks that capital market use of blind
signature digital bearer settlement is a pipedream and that they'd better
focus on the main chance, which is ecash. Preferrably electronic
wallet-based ecash issued by a major bank. In competition with book-entry
settlement, in book-entry settlement's own turf. Go figure.
5. Finally, the only innovation in the American aircraft market in the age
of the Wright patent came from that famous airplane "infringer", Curtis,
who didn't give a damn about patents and built airplanes anyway. Much
better airplanes, in fact, which the Wrights eventually took him to court
for, forcing Curtis to merge with the Wrights. Fortunately, European
evolution in aviation continued apace, giving us the aviation equivalent of
the Pre-Cambrian explosion, culminating in the names we all remember from
World War I like Sopwith, Spad, Dornier, and, of course, Fokker.
The problem is that there's no Curtis to infringe on the blind signature
patent, because you can't hook up to the financial system from the internet

@_date: 1998-05-02 05:47:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: db$: The Wright Brothers vs. Chixalub 
Just to fan the flames of Y2K hysteria ever higher...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rah (Unverified)
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: --- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rah (Unverified)
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: You might notice that the tag on this one says "db$". That's to
differentiate it from my "e$" rants, which might be more general than ones
like this one, which is on digital bearer settlement. I think there is lots
of talk about electronic commerce and e$ these days from whole bunches of
people, and, as a consequence, my interest in it has focused more onto the
issue of digital bearer settlement.  You'll probably be seeing more db$
tags than e$ tags on my rants going forward.
All of which brings me to some obversations I've been making in public
about blind signatures lately, and the excellent time I had at Ed Yeardon's
Cutter Consortium "Summit" conference the past few days.
Let's start with yet another aviation analogy about Digicash, shall we? :-).
Remember, I like to do that.
Once I compared privacy to flight, and said that, like flight, lots of
people had died getting strong cryptography to work, and that privacy
itself was an inherent good. The thing which actually got people to use the
technology, however, was its commercial value. It wasn't the joy of flight
or slipping the surly bounds of earth at Kitty Hawk that got people into
the air, it was coach fare to Dayton. It was digital commerce, and thus
financial cryptography, which created the most privacy. Digital Commerce is
financial cryptography, financial cryptography is strong cryptography, and
all that.
Then there's my analogy of book-entry settlement as Boyle's law (partial
pressure of gasses?) and strong crypto, particularly digital bearer
settlement, as Bernoulli's law, the law describing aerodynamic lift.
Essentially you can think of cryptography and bearer settlement as wings,
and book entries as, well, bags of gas. :-).
Thinking this way, with commerce on the internet as flight, First Virtual
becomes a tethered baloon. Encrypting your First Virtual transaction makes
it an aerodynamic barrage balloon. Encrypting a credit card in an SSL
web-form is flying around on a Zeppelin. And, David Chaum becomes the
Wright Brothers for inventing the airplane. I used to say "Or maybe Otto
Lillenthal" under my breath to get a laugh, but now, I know exactly why
David Chaum is the Wright Brothers.
That's because Digicash *is* The Wright Flying Machine Company, or whatever
the Wright's subsequent enterprise was called. It seems to me that
Digicash's strategy with the blind signature is a dead ringer for the
Wright Brothers' control of the airplane patent. Here's why:
1. In the beginning, nobody believed that the Wright brothers could fly,
and they had to take the airplane to Paris and demonstrate it there before
anyone in the US thought it was true.
Digicash did the same thing. Actually, the NSA created a positively hostile
environment here in the USA for cryptography, financial or otherwise, and
that forced David Chaum to go to the Netherlands, where there was a more
positive reception for his work.
2. Then, nobody could think about what you could do with airplanes, and the
Wrights foundered for a bit..
Same thing with Chaum, Digicash, and the blind signature patent. The
commercial internet didn't exist yet in 1986, and blind signatures were
conceived as useful only in smartcards, which were just being experimented
with. Digicash was going to be used in physical electronic wallets, and
maybe in transponders at the gates of toll roads. The CAFE project was an
example of this meat-space ecash strategy.
It wasn't that Chaum didn't think about the internet. Far from it. He
invented digital mixes, after all, which became the basis for anonymous
remailers, onion routers, CROWDS, and the like. He just didn't look at
blind signatures from the financial operations point of view and see
digital bearer settlement, that's all. He was thinking privacy, and not
financial operations, just like the Wrights were thinking flight, and not
high-speed transportation.
3. The entire time they held the patent, the Wrights only really wanted to
sell airplanes to governments, because they wanted to sell to a few large
stable customers instead of small entities who would probably go out of
Digicash, to this day, tries to sell to big institutions. Their now mostly
internet-driven digital cash stategy is to create the financial equivalent
of Alfred Nobel's dynamite cartel, where one bank in each country gets an
ecash license, hopefully the largest bank possible. Mark Twain in the US
was a proof of concept, if not an act of desperation on Digicash's part,
but it did lead to exclusive (I bet) country-wide licences with Nomura,
Deutchebank, the Swedish Post office, and others. There was talk at FC98
that Digicash received $1 million a month from Deutchebank just for the
*option* on a Germany-wide license. I think they've now exercised that
option. Frankly, I find this geographic, paint-by-the-nation-state approach
quaint in a world of ubiquitous geodesic internetworks, but there it is,
and it effectively prevents other people from doing anything innovative
with blind signatures in the meantime. Monopolies on information
technologies kind of work that way. Dogs and mangers come to mind, and not
for the first time.
4. The Wrights, when they thought about the transportation business at all,
thought about it in terms of "rides" instead of "trips".
Digicash isn't really looking at the applications of their technology to
anything except its original designed purpose, that is, cash. There are
some leaks around the edges, of course.
Nomura seems to be looking at blind signature digital bearer settlement as
a real-time gross-settlement technology, with some kind of private,
kiretsu-cash idea. Digicash people used to give you a shocked "how did you
know that already" look when you talked to them about the painfully obvious
potential use of blind signatures in the capital markets.
However, I'm certain that Digicash thinks that capital market use of blind
signature digital bearer settlement is a pipedream and that they'd better
focus on the main chance, which is ecash. Preferrably electronic
wallet-based ecash issued by a major bank. In competition with book-entry
settlement, in book-entry settlement's own turf. Go figure.
5. Finally, the only innovation in the American aircraft market in the age
of the Wright patent came from that famous airplane "infringer", Curtis,
who didn't give a damn about patents and built airplanes anyway. Much
better airplanes, in fact, which the Wrights eventually took him to court
for, forcing Curtis to merge with the Wrights. Fortunately, European
evolution in aviation continued apace, giving us the aviation equivalent of
the Pre-Cambrian explosion, culminating in the names we all remember from
World War I like Sopwith, Spad, Dornier, and, of course, Fokker.
The problem is that there's no Curtis to infringe on the blind signature
patent, because you can't hook up to the financial system from the internet

@_date: 1998-05-09 07:25:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: db$: Digital Bearer Settlement Conference Status Report 
I suppose all of you have figured out by now what we're not doing a Digital
Bearer Settlement Business Development Conference at Bretton Woods this
August. :-).
I was willing to give it a shot, even with the admittedly high cost in
hotel rooms, if I could get presenters on the topics I wanted. If I got the
presenters, I could use the content to leverage the keynote speakers, and,
with those, I think I would have gotten the attendance.  Unfortunately, I
couldn't find anyone, with exactly two exceptions, who both knew enough on
the topics I was soliciting and who had the time to come to Bretton Woods.
In the process of figuring out all that out, however, something entirely
different presented itself, and thinking about *that* gave me another set
of conference ideas, which I want to bounce off you guys in just a bit. I
suppose don't really give up on ideas once I get them, though they may get
pushed down on the stack for a while. It's that Frisian expression of the
berserker gene thing, I guess... :-).
So, I was figuring out how I could sweeten the pot for presenters for the
Bretton Woods thing, when I bumped into the editor of a well-known book
:-). This got me to thinking about a book on digital bearer settlement,
containing the contents of this summer's proposed conference, written in
chapters by the presenters of the conference. I talked to the editor about
this, and she said that she didn't like books written by a cast of
thousands, and since we were talking about new technology with no user base
and she was a technical and professional books editor, she was going to
have a hard time selling something like this to her market. However, if a
single person wanted write a book on digital bearer settlement, it seemed
like there might be more room to bash it into something her audience might
want to read. Since *I* didn't want to write a book, really, we sort of
left it at that.
About a week or two later, Pete Loshin, who now works as an editor for
Cutter Publications, invited me to come and stir things up at their
"Summit" conference, and sit on an internet commerce panel, which I've
already told you the story about.  While there, however, I talked to
several authors of books, and one of them, a pretty well-respected author
of hard-core IT computer books, told me that my whole geodesic society /
digital bearer settlement thing was something actually new to him, and that
he so rarely heard something new in his business. So, he encouraged me to
get started on a "trade" book, one for the general public, and spent about
an hour telling me how to get started.
So, when I got home, all excited, and I started bashing away on the popular
book I've been threatening to write for years on all this stuff.  Unlike a
technical and professional book, the typical first author doesn't get
advances for this kind of thing, so you have to write the whole thing in
advance and see what happens. So, we'll see what happens.
And then, something wierd happened. Kieth Dawson's TBTF newsletter did a
bit on me, Philodox, the dbs list and the conference, and, out of that, I
got email from *another* well-known editor asking me if I knew anyone who
wanted to do a book on micropayments or something. So, I got this guy on
the phone, cranked up the reality distortion field to 13  (monkeys flying),
and pitched him on a book on digital bearer settlement, using the content
request from the Bretton Woods conference call for presenters as a jumping
off point. He then asked me if I could do something a little more polemical
:-), and I sent that version off, but I think I scared him away. :-). I
haven't heard back from him, and I suppose he lost interest.
However, Tuesday, I met up with the original famous-book editor, the one I
was trying to pitch the conference book to, and told her what I had done
with the *other* editor on a digital bearer settlement book, and she wanted
to see it. She liked the first, unpolemic, version best, :-), and we're
still talking, which is a good sign.
So, all of this got me to thinking about how I want to proceed with my
proposed conference schedule.
I still want to do a conference this summer. Some kind of "gathering of the
clan" thing on the same order as the mac-crypto conferences Vinnie and I
do, but, of course, I have to make money on it.  Essentially, I'd put out
an open call for papers/presenters, bunch them together on the schedule
together roughly by content, and call it a program, just like I do for
mac-crypto. I wouldn't be reimbursing speakers or anything. People who
speak pay to see the rest of the conference, in essence, just like they do
at FCxx
After that, I'd start working on putting together a peer-reviewed
conference, hopefully in New York, but maybe Washington, where I'd had a
tentative offer. The problem with the Washington offer is that it's at a
university and I have to make money on this. I'm not a sinecured academic
;-), or even someone who has a day job. :-). That was the problem with
IFCA's takover of FCxx, the upside kind of went away for me. Oh, well, at
least I get credit for the idea. And three more trips to wherever the
conference goes as a member of IFCA's board.
Anyway, this doing conferences for profit is also why I can't use a
university location in the Boston area for this digital bearer settlement
developer's conference as well.
Finally, I'd still like to go to Bretton Woods again, but *next* summer,
and with a Workshop, with paid *paid* presenters, which is what this
summer's business development conference should have been all along. Maybe,
if I'm lucky, and the digital bearer settlement book's out, it'll be the
text book for this thing, or something.
So, let's look at this "gathering of the clan" idea first.  Because of all
the problems people had with the prices at Bretton Woods, I started
thinking of all kinds of ways to do it on the cheap.
Stuff like renting the Sons of Italy Hall here in Roslindale, my Boston
neighborhood. Which is not as dumb to do as it was, say, two years ago. The
crime rate in Boston, especially Roslindale/Hyde Park, which is now the
mayor's neighborhood, has fallen rediculously lately, and Roslindale's
undergoing a boomlet of sorts, with lots of new businesses, including a
couple of proto-bohemian cafes, a new grocery store, stuff like that. The
neighborhood is scruffy and full of new immigrants and said
freshly-installed bohemians, and a digital bearer settlement conference
here would feel about the same in terms of culture-clash as FC98 was on
Anguilla, which would be kind of cool. I think I could get a couple of
phone lines in to the hall, and, if I dropped a couple of routers and 56k
modems on them, I could get better bandwidth than we had in Anguilla, even.
;-). Of course, Roslindale in mid-July or early August is not quite
Anguilla in February, but, I still think it would have the same
foriegn-place *extremely* casual atmosphere. No beach, much less total
eclipse off the Montserrat Volcano, of course, but, well, you get the
point: "Hackers invade Roslindale. Film at 11."  The local business
development association would probably love me for it, probably as much as
the Anguillans love Vince for FCxx, which, of course, would have its
attractions for me as a local resident.
However, I still haven't talked to the manager of the hall, and I'm not
sure the place has air-conditioning (it has to, right?), much less
telephone lines, much less touchtone lines. Seriously. Not to mention that
I'd be hanging myself out to dry on deposits, and stuff, if nobody showed
up. Much less that I'd have to collect checks from people up front before I
could even make reservations for all this stuff. Having a credit card
merchant account would be nice, but it's still impossible at the moment.
Thinking about this very problem, I sent feelers out at this month's DCSB
meeting for the use of a company's net-wired auditorium-seating conference
room instead, to see if I could get it by way of sponsorship of the
conference. This would also reduce costs a bunch, but I haven't heard from
anyone on this, so it's probably a long shot at this point.
But, then, after DCSB that day, I was talking to the catering manager at
the Harvard Club, and, just as a kind of pro-forma thing, I asked him for a
small 2-day conference estimate for, say, 30-35 people. Because of all the
business I bring him with DCSB, he quoted me something which was
rediculously low in terms of my own financial exposure if things went
south. It's not like the Club is busy in the summer, when all the bankers
and lawyers go off to places like the Cape and the Vinyard anyway, so he
sees me as a safe way to get some new business in the door. And, since the
Club function rooms aren't booked up this time of the year, I could cancel
anytime up to a week in advance of the date if my attendance wasn't enough,
because I'd be bringing him "found money" anyway.
So, for about half the price of attending any business conference in a
downtown conference hotel, we could have something really nice in the
Harvard Club, 38 stories up, with harbor views, decent food, and
comfortable surroundings to schmooze in. There's the complication of the
jacket requirement, but, if we started on Thursday, Friday's a "business
casual" day, so we'd have only one day of dress code to contend with.  In
addition, I think dbs and dcsb folks, as more business and finance oriented
types, are more inclined deal to a single "dress-up" day than just plain
crypto folks, so I think this could wash.
The price for a Harvard Club version of, what?, "Digital Bearer Settlement
Developer's Conference", "Symposium?", whatever, including Net access like
we had at FC98, and A/V, and maybe video/audio taping or even netcasting,
if I can get the rights hocked off for a percentage or something, would be
on the order of $400 per person, including breakfast, lunch, and a cocktail
party the first night, and of course, paying me. :-). Getting lodging would
be up to you, but at least you're not locked into a $400/night room like we
were at Bretton Woods. I would bet most folks could find friends to crash
with, if it came to that.
I haven't priced the "Hackers Invade Roslindale" option, but I'd be happy
to do that instead if there's real interest in it. I'd just need to collect
money from people almost immediately to get started.
Frankly, I like either option.  They both sound cool.
I'm thinking about July 23-24 at the moment. In the same spirit of
"first-ever, last-minute" that we did mac-crypto in, of course.
So, folks, what do we want to do?
Contact me directly if you have questions on what particulars there are at
the moment, or, especially, if you want to speak at this thing. If there's
interest coalescing around one idea or another, I'll put out a "formal"
call for presenters pretty soon.
Also, if you want to chat publically about this conference or digital
bearer settlement in general, I figure the dbs list is the
best place to do this. It keeps the cross-posting and off-topic stuff on
other lists to a minimum. Here's the URL to subscribe:
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-05-09 19:04:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: corvette.bxa.doc.gov followup 
I talked to Peter Cassidy yesterday.
We talked about corvette. For the record, they don't deny it's theirs, and
that it's part of their ongoing enforcement operations.
Maybe it's time to fire up your spider traps, boys and girls? I do know
that Los Alamos had one up for fun a few years ago. It was discussed on
this list about the time AltaVista got started, maybe 3 years ago...
I bet that corvette doesn't give a squalling fuck about "no-crawling" HTML
Anyone want to bet on how long it'll be some idiot in DC tries to make
spidertraps illegal?
Bob Hettinga
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-05-10 16:37:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: First meeting of DCS-NY -- The Digital Commerce Society of NewYork 
X-Reposting-Policy: redistribute only with permission
Lines: 31
[You are getting this either because you are either someone who
 I think would be interested in this announcement, or because you are
 on a mailing list devoted to issues related to electronic commerce. To
 prevent people from accidentally replying to the whole list, I've
 bcc'ed the recipients.
 Please feel free to forward this message to other interested
 individuals.]
As some of you probably know, Robert Hettinga has been running a group
called the Digital Commerce Society of Boston for some time now.  DCSB
meets once a month for lunch at the Harvard Club in Boston to hear a
speaker and discuss the implications of rapidly emerging internet and
cryptographic technologies on finance and commerce -- "Digital
Commerce", in short.
Interest has been expressed in starting a similar organization here in
New York. I'm therefore pleased to announce the initial meeting of the
Digital Commerce Society of New York (DCS-NY). We intend to meet the
second Tuesday of each month for lunch, probably at the Harvard Club
in New York, and conduct meetings much like those of DCSB.
If you are interested in attending our first luncheon meeting, which
will be held on June 9th, or if you wish to be informed of future
meetings by e-mail please send an RSVP to "dcs-ny-rsvp
We will send out an announcement in about another week informing
people of the final choice of venue and the cost for the lunch.
--- end forwarded text
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-05-11 05:29:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Michael Baum; PKI and the Commercial CA 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
[Because Mr. Baum became ill at the last minute this February, we have
rescheduled him for the upcoming DCSB meeting... --RAH]
              The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                            Presents
                        Michael S. Baum
                         VeriSign, Inc.
                        PKI Requirements
                             from a
                   Commercial CA's Perspective
                    Tuesday, June 2, 1998
                           12 - 2 PM
               The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                  One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Requirements for the provision of commercial certification products and
services are under consideration by many companies. Similarly, efforts to
regulate certification authorities (CAs) and public key infrastructure (PKI)
are proliferating by many domestic and foreign governments. Underlying many
of these efforts is the intention to assess and assure quality and
trustworthiness, and yet the nature, scope and regime to accomplish these
goals remain elusive or at least have been balkanized.
This presentation will consider CA and PKI requirements from the experiences
and perspective of a commercial CA. It will survey current approaches to
ascertaining quality and performance as well as their limitations. It will
then propose a path forward. Many of these issues are present real
challenges to both the CAs and the user community. A lively dialog is
Michael S. Baum is Vice President of Practices and External Affairs,
VeriSign, Inc.  His responsibilities include developing practices and
controls under which VeriSign conducts its public Digital ID and private
label certificate operations.
Mr. Baum is the Chair of the Information Security Committee, and Council
Member of the Section of Science and Technology, of the American Bar
Association. He is Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce (ICC)
ETERMS Working Party and a Vice Chairman of the ICC's Electronic Commerce
Project, a delegate to the United Nations Commission on International Trade
Law on behalf of the ICC. He is a member of various digital signature
legislative advisory committees.
Mr. Baum is co-author (with Warwick Ford) of Secure Electronic Commerce
(Prentice Hall, 1997), author of Federal Certification Authority Liability
and Policy - Law and Policy of Certificate-Based Public Key and Digital
Signatures (NIST, 1994), co-author of Electronic Contracting, Publishing and
EDI Law (Wiley Law Publications, 1991), and contributing author to EDI and
the Law (Blenheim Online, 1989), and the author of diverse information
security publications including the first American articles on EDI law. He
was honored as an EDI Pioneer in 1993 (EDI Forum) and was the Recipient of
the National Notary Association's 1995 Achievement Award. He is a member of
the Massachusetts Bar.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, June 2, 1998, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of the
Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch is
$32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware, and
the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code: jackets
and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate business
attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since we purchase
these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the price of your
lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress code.
We will attempt to record this meeting for sale on CD/R, and to put it on
the web in RealAudio format, at some future date.
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we *really* know
you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of Boston", by Saturday,
May 30th, or you won't be on the list for lunch.  Checks payable to
anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The Harvard
Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your e-mail
address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements (We've had
to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for instance), please
let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
July      Rodney Thayer       IPSEC and Digital Commerce
August    TBA
September TBA
October   Peter Cassidy       Intellectual Property Rights Management
TBA       Jeremey Barrett     Digital Bearer Settlement
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston on the
first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a presentation to the
Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program Commmittee, care of Robert
Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, send
"info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If
you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the
body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-05-13 11:00:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Philodox Symposium: Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Announcement Date: May 13, 1998
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
The Downtown Harvard Club
Boston, Massachusetts
July 23-24, 1998
Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism, of Boston, Massachusetts, in
association with the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, announces the
first in a series of symposia, conferences and workshops on the subject of
digital bearer transaction settlement.
The first of these gatherings, a symposium examining the technology,
economics, markets and law of digital bearer settlement, will be held at
the Harvard Club of Boston, Thursday and Friday, July 23 and 24, 1998.
What is Digital Bearer Settlement?
A digital bearer transaction is one where a cryptographically secure
value-object, issued and underwritten by a third party, is exchanged
between the two parties in a trade, typically over a public internetwork.
The object, when passed in trade for something else of value, executes,
clears, and settles the transaction instantaneously, securely, and,
usually, anonymously. And, at considerable savings in transaction cost
compared to "book-entry" transactions, such as credit and debit cards,
checks, and modern securities clearing methods.
It is estimated that $100 billion in transactions are being executed on the
internet annually.  40% of all retail stock trades are now executed from
the net, for instance. If it's possible to properly call a credit card
transaction transmitted under Secure Socket Layer to be settled and cleared
on the net itself, then an estimated maximum of $10 billion of those
transactions, 10%, are actually cleared and settled on the net, with
marginal market share to other transaction protocols. By comparison, $3
trillion in foreign exchange transactions are executed, cleared and settled
every day, using standard book-entry processes.
There are electronic check and debit protocols in experimental development,
but, as transaction settlement time tends towards the instantaneous, the
more cost, security, and non-repudiation advantages there are for digital
bearer settlement.
It is not unreasonable to see how transaction costs can be reduced
enormously by digital bearer settlement, possibly by several orders of
magnitude over any analogous book-entry method. It is completely
conceivable that digital bearer transactions, of all kinds and sizes, from
macrobonds to micropayments, will be executed, cleared, and settled on
ubiquitous global internetworks, and will become the dominant transaction
mechanism over time on those networks, and, by extension, in the global
economy in general.
It may happen sooner than we can imagine. Electronic book-entry settlement
itself is only 40 years old at best, and internet financial cryptography
and digital bearer settlement are much more a phenomenon of collapsing
microprocessor prices than electronic book-entry settlement ever was.
The Philodox Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement Events
Towards that end, Philodox has taken it upon itself to focus the attention
of the information technology, financial and legal communities onto the
technology of digital bearer settlement though the following series of
events. First, this initial Symposium of professionals interested in
digital bearer settlement, to be held in Boston. Then, contingent on
interest, a peer-reviewed Financial Research Conference to be held
during the winter of 1998-99 in Manhattan or Washington, followed by a
small Developer's Conference in the spring of 1999, held in more casual
surroundings, and, finally, a teaching Workshop for Financial Professionals
held in the summer of 1999 at a resort location, probably Bretton Woods, New
Hampshire. It is hoped by Philodox that some, or perhaps, all, of these
events will be recurring ones, and of course, that they will increase in
attendance over time.
The Symposium
Each section of the Symposium agenda will consist of a short presentation
on the topic by the most expert symposium participant on the subject
present, followed by discussions led by a moderator. While it is not
expected that everyone will even be conversant on each topic, it is
expected that participants will bring their own particular expertise to
bear on specific elements of the symposium program, and, of course, not
everyone will have to present something.
We have a lot to teach each other, but, fortunately, most of the people who
are interested enough in this topic to come to this first symposium will
know more than enough to have at least some opinions on the topics under
discussion, and will certainly want to share those opinions with everyone
else.  Finally, there are lots of differing opinions this subject, so
expect some animated discussion.
Because of the expected demand and the size of the Harvard Club space we're
using, participation in the symposium will be limited, and advance
registration will be required. See below for details.
The Symposium Agenda
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
July 23-24, 1998
Thursday, July 23, 1998
(Club Dress Code: jacket and tie, no jeans or sneakers)
0730-0830:  Check-in, Breakfast
0830-0845:  Welcome
0845-1015:  History of Bearer Transaction Settlement
            How old is bearer settlement?
            Why should we think about physical bearer settlement?
            What were the market models for underwriting digital bearer
             instruments?
            What sanctions prevented non-repudiation?
            What happened to physical bearer settlement?
            What is digital bearer settlement?
            How was it invented?
            What is the status of digital bearer settlement now?
1015-1030:  Break
1030-1200:  Digital Bearer Settlement Technology Survey and Forecasts
            What are the different digital bearer settlement protocols?
            How do they work?
            Which ones are on the market today?
            What are some of the technical limits of these protocols?
            Can they be overcome and do they need to be?
            What kinds of technology is in the labs?
1200-1300:  Lunch
1300-1500:  Bearer Settlement Legal/Regulatory Survey and Forecasts
            How did we get transaction regulation in the first place?
            What are the legal restrictions on bearer transactions
             in general?
            What are the laws on strong cryptography?
            How do the above laws and regulations effect the prospects
             for digital bearer settlement?
            What effect will cash-settled, and possibly anonymous,
             digital auction markets have on intellectual property rights?
1500-1515:  Break
1515-1715:  Possible Legal/Regulatory Solutions
            What can be done about bearer settlement law and regulation?
            Are there ways that internet digital bearer settlement can
             coexist with book-entry settlement laws?
            Will the potential cost savings overcome the need to regulate?
            What about intellectual property laws?
            Should there be a legislative/regulatory strategy?
            If so, what would it look like?
1730-1930:  Reception, Cocktails and Hors d'Oeurves
Friday, July 23, 1998
(Dress Code: "business casual", no jeans or sneakers)
0800-0830:  Breakfast
0830-0845:  Announcements
0845-1015:  Internet Transaction Settlement Economic/Financial Survey
             and Forecasts
            What is the annual dollar volume of all transactions worldwide?
            How are they broken up by payment mechanism?
            What is the actual and forecasted dollar volume of internet
             transaction execution?
            How will those transactions clear and settle?
            What are the current clearing and settlement costs?
            What are the expected costs of internet digital bearer
             settlement?
            What is the micro- and macroeconomic impact of a digital bearer
             settled economy?
1015-1030:  Break
1030-1200:  Capital Market Applications for Digital Bearer Settlement
            What kinds of securities can you create digital bearer
             instruments for?
            How do they work?
            How do you vote stock, collect dividends, etc.?
            Can you really do limited liability in software, without law?
            What size transactions can be cleared and settled like this?
            How much transaction volume can a digital bearer market handle?
1200-1300:  Lunch
1300-1430:  Other Market Applications for Digital Bearer Settlement
            Just how ubiquitous can the internet be?
            Can you create cash settled pay-per-use utilities? Even roads?
            Digital bearer gambling tokens? "Digital Collectibles"??
            Lions, and tigers, and bears: "Perfect kidnappings",
             "crypto-anarchy", auction markets for force, geodesic warfare,
             the end of civilization as we know it, and other monsters
             under the bed.
1430-1445:  Break
1445-1630:  New Product/Market Ideas for Digital Bearer Settlement
            Who are the entrepreneurs?
            What else can we do with digital bearer instruments?
            When is the transition to digital bearer settlement
             going to happen?
            Where's the most bang for the buck, right now?
            How are we going to make money on this?
1630-1645:  Closing
Symposium Cost and Registration
The cost for the Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction
Settlement is $447, payable by company check or personal money order to
"Philodox", and sent to Robert Hettinga, Philodox Financial Technology
Evangelism, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA, 02131, USA. Massachusetts
residents should add 6% sales tax. Please contact Robert Hettinga
, or  for wire
instructions if it is necessary to make your payment by bank wire.
Include the participant(s) name, shirt size, email address, and company
affliation, if applicable, with your check or money order. Confirmation of
your check and your Symposium seat will be sent by email. If you pay by
wire, please notify Mr. Hettinga by email that you intend to do so, and
include in your email the other requested information.
In order to organize the Symposium properly, payment must be received by
Philodox no later than noon, Thursday, July 9th, 1998. Again, attendance to
the Symposium is limited, so please register as soon as possible to assure
your seat.
The Symposium fee goes towards conference room rental, breakfasts,
lunches, a cocktail reception on Thursday night, snacks, audio-visual
rental, internet access on-site, various mementoes of the occasion, and, of
course, Philodox's event management fee.
A small number of scholarship fee-waivers will be available, contingent
upon direct sponsorship and the size of the Symposium, to be selected by
Philodox and based upon the applicant's financial need and ability to
contribute to the symposium. Please contact Robert Hettinga, , or , if you want to request
a fee-waiver.
In addition to direct event and website sponsorship opportunities,
including the possiblity of exhibition space, there are several in-kind
sponsorship opportunites available, particularly in the areas of
audio-video services and internet services, including internet access,
web-casting and web-page development. Please contact Robert Hettinga,
, or , if you're
interested in in-kind or direct sponsorship of the Symposium.
The Digital Bearer Settlement Email List: dbs
As part of Philodox's ongoing support of the technology of digital bearer
settlement, an email list has been established to discuss the technology
and it's ramifications in an unmoderated, informal setting. Please see
 to see the archives of the Digital Bearer
Settlement discussion list, and its subscription information.  If there is
enough demand, an additional announcement list for the Symposium itself
will be created, but it is hoped that the Symposium's participants will use
dbs as a "watering hole" for their discussions.
Who is Philodox?
Philodox is a new financial technology evangelism company founded by Robert
Hettinga, founder of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston, and founding
moderator and editor of several internet discussion lists and newsletters
on digital commerce and financial cryptography. Mr Hettinga is also the
founder of both the International Conference on Financial Cryptography, and
the International Financial Cryptography Association.
For more information on Philodox, please see . For
more information on Robert Hettinga, please see .
For more information on the Digital Commerce Society see . For more information on the
International Conference on Financial Cryptography, see
See You in Boston!
Robert Hettinga
Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism
Boston, Massachusetts
Robert Hettinga (rah Philodox
e$, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The e$ Home Page:

@_date: 1998-06-01 18:33:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Commerce Echelon 
It helps if you're Chinese or Indonesian...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga
Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism
44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
Philodox: , e$:

@_date: 1998-06-16 08:21:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: icomputing: "Naive Realism" 
"Cryptoanarchist" makes it to the printed word.  Can an OED entry be far
behind? :-).
Of course, it dawns on me that she might mean "cryptoanarchist", below, in
the same way that Vidal called Buckley a "cryptofascist"...
Bob Hettinga
"Web doyenne?"
  [ZDNet]               [Click here for Microsoft Daily News.]
                                        [Image]
                             [Try out ZD Internet Magazine]
                                                                   [
                                                           Commentaries
                                                           ]
                                                           May
                                                           11,
                                                           1998
                                                           Naive
                                                           Realism:
                                                           Taking
                                                           on
                                                           the
                                                           Technorealists
                                                           Practical
                                                           development
                                                           of
                                                           the
Internet comes from doing
practical things.
By Angela Gunn
The technorealist manifesto,
in case you missed it, is a
pompous version of the "Why
The Internet Isn't Evil"
speech you give to your mom's
bridge club.
Unleashed back in March, the
"manifesto" was authored by many people who just a year or two ago were
blathering about the world-changing, paradigm-shifting, cryptoanarchist Net,
scaring your mom's bridge club so thoroughly that, well, they asked you if
the Internet was evil.
Drop by the technorealism site and read this document. Sign it if you like.
Just don't expect it to make any difference to you or yours.
The manifesto is a simplistic summation of points most of us inside the
industry already know from years of experience, thought, and online
discussion. And for those outside the industry, it's all but
The whole thing stinks of college-student libertarianism, except for the
part about government having an important role to play on the electronic
frontier (a point that galled several actual Libertarians and college
students, as evidenced by their parody sites).
And it's frivolous. Development of the Internet as a practical entity comes
from the doing of practical things with the Internet. The programmer
laboring to improve customer access to a tech-support database, the site
producer working to streamline her site's design, the people who gave us
online ticket ordering and package tracking and hotel reservations--these
are the people who will convince the rest of the world that the Net is
worthwhile and important.
And in the battle to shape the Net, the genuine visionaries, theorists, and
even the political analysts have already taken the field. By assuming the
mantle of public debate, the too-fabulous New Media in-crowd behind the
manifesto has done a disservice to those of us in for the long haul.
Put another way, this fashionable cyber-asceticism is bad news to those
actually involved with technology--condescending in assuming that those in
the trenches can't understand the ramifications of what they do, oblivious
in assuming that there's anything fresh in the manifesto, and irresponsible
in not crafting a document that provides a genuine foundation for
discussion; that is, a real manifesto.
And that's what is really galling: they blew a good opportunity. This vague,
random document doesn't lay groundwork for discussing the real social issues
confronting technologists, creators, consumers, and citizens.
The real battle--to bring the Net to its rightful, humble, ubiquitous place
in the world's social, political, and economic life--has little to do with
manifesto pronouncements such as "We are technology 'critics' in the same
way, and for the same reasons, that others are food critics, art critics, or
literary critics."
The public is best brought onto the battlefield by careful, informed,
comprehensible discourse; these "critics" haven't even drawn up a readable
map of the countryside.
Don't let this single-mast ship of fools sail away with the discussion. They
have no authority (intellectual, moral, or otherwise) to dictate the terms
of debate, especially since their manifesto makes such a mess of it. That
debate belongs to you and me and the rest of the industry--and your mom's
bridge club--at least as much as it does to these
But don't forget: when you're done amusing yourself with the technorealists'
down-the-middle drive for pundit spots in Harper's, The Nation, and the Utne
Reader, you've got a lot of work to do to build the real Internet.
Web doyenne Angela Gunn has been covering the Internet and its culture for
nine years. Send e-mail to agunn
Send us your questions and comments about the Internet Computing MegaSite.
                 [Navigate the Internet Computing MegaSite]
                                   [Image]
Robert A. Hettinga
Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism
44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
Philodox: , e$:

@_date: 1998-06-23 08:47:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell Rearrested 
So, is this in reference to his purported request to get access to
computers after his release?
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga
Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism
44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
Philodox: , e$:

@_date: 1998-07-06 06:39:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: "CyberCash can't oust credit cards" 
Hettinga's three laws of internet payment technology investment:
1. Geodesic, peer-to-peer transactions.
2. Three orders of magnitude cost reduction.
3. Nothing but net.
The application of the above to Cybercash, or SET, for that matter, I leave
as an exercise for the reader...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Charlotte (N.C.) Observer (printing a Washington Post article)
Posted at 3:32 p.m. EDT Friday, July 3, 1998
 CyberCash can't oust credit cards
By MARK LEIBOVICH
The Washington Post
 WASHINGTON -- Two years ago, CyberCash
 Inc. walked tall as a pioneer in the seemingly vast
 frontier of Internet commerce. Today, the Reston,
 Va., firm and its software that lets merchants
 receive payments over the Internet offers a
 cautionary lesson in how social habits in the digital
 age are difficult to predict -- and dicey to stake a
 business on.
 On Tuesday, CyberCash announced that its
 second-quarter revenue would be below
 expectations, and that it would lay off 20 percent
 of its staff. The news sent its stock price into a
 decline -- the latest to strike the company. Once
 trading in the $60 range, it fell steadily this week to
 finish at $11.12 1/2.
 The hard times come even as CyberCash has tried
 to tone down its aspirations and diversify into a
 more conventional business, the processing of
 credit-card transactions in ordinary stores. The
 moral, said Ulric Weil, a technology analyst at
 investment bank Friedman, Billings Ramsey Co. in
 Arlington, Va., is: ``It's always hard to bet on the
 purchasing mores of consumers.''
 William N. ``Bill'' Melton, one of Northern
 Virginia's most accomplished technology
 entrepreneurs, envisioned a world of paperless
 purchasing when he founded CyberCash in August
 1994. In this world, Internet users would purchase
 goods and services using new ``virtual currencies,''
 such as CyberCoin, a CyberCash product that
 allows online purchases of up to $20 at a time by
 transferring funds from a credit card or bank
 account to an account that CyberCash oversaw.
 Few people bought anything with this virtual
 currency at first, but the market was patient. In the
 speculative world of Internet stocks, the potential
 for this commerce seemed limitless, and
 CyberCash was an instant Wall Street hit.
 Company shares, first offered to the public for $17
 in February 1996, were trading at more than $60
 by that June.
 But today, investors are tired of waiting. The
 predicted rush to electronic currency remains a
 mere trickle and what little there is generally uses
 plain-old credit card transactions, not a fancy new
 currency. For now, consumers shopping online
 merely want to use something they know and trust
 for payment, the credit card, not an entirely new
 form of currency.
 After this week's layoff, which involved about 20
 positions in the Washington area, CyberCash has
 about 200 employees. It remains unprofitable,
 having reported a loss of $5.67 million on sales of
 $1.14 million in the January-March quarter.
 If life weren't uncertain enough in Reston,
 speculation was rampant this week among analysts
 who follow the company that its low stock price
 was making it a ripe takeover target. These
 predictions were fueled further by the company's
 announcement Tuesday that its board of directors
 had adopted a new shareholders rights, or
 ``poison pill,'' plan, which companies typically use
 to deter unwanted takeover bids.
 In this case, if an outside entity attempted to
 purchase a stake in CyberCash that exceeded 15
 percent, the company board could invoke the
 provision -- at which point CyberCash
 shareholders would win the right to purchase
 company shares at a greatly discounted price. For
 a potential buyer, this would make CyberCash far
 more expensive.
 Russ Stevenson, CyberCash's general counsel,
 said the new provision was not related to the
 company's recent struggles, and that the timing of
 its adoption was coincidental. In a statement,
 CyberCash said the poison pill did not come in
 response to an acquisition proposal.
 James J. Condon, the company's chief operations
 officer, would not comment on whether
 CyberCash was in discussions to be acquired,
 citing a company policy ``never to comment'' on
 potential acquisitions. Melton, CyberCash's
 president and chief executive, was traveling
 Thursday and could not be reached for comment.
 CyberCash's recent woes stem in part from its
 May acquisition of ICverify Inc., an Oakland,
 Calif., company that makes credit-card processing
 software. CyberCash, which purchased ICverify
 for $57 million in cash and stock, hoped to
 complement its own technology with ICverify's
 more conventional ``point of sale'' software, which
 helps retailers process credit card transactions in
 shops and other commercial establishments.
 Entering the ``point of sale'' market was a way for
 CyberCash to hedge its bets against the uncertain
 future of electronic commerce, analysts said. ``This
 gave (CyberCash) a piece of the physical point of
 payment, as well as the electronic point of
 payment,'' said Scott Smith, an Internet commerce
 analyst at Current Analysis Inc. in Sterling.
 With the addition of ICverify, Condon said,
 CyberCash could now offer a full package of
 payment software to potential customers. They
 could now provide, say, a clothing retailer, the
 tools to process both in-person credit card
 transactions as well as Internet credit card
 purchases.
 But the ICverify acquisition proved a difficult
 transition. In recent months, analysts said, some
 customers of both companies have frozen their
 accounts, saying they were unsure about which
 transaction software they would deploy in the
 future.
 ``The ICverify transaction resulted in customers
 taking a close look at what direction they wanted
 to go in,'' said Weil.
 Condon said he expects this to be a short-term
 problem. He said he has spoken to several
 customers who plan to continue their accounts
 shortly.
 People who follow CyberCash generally agree on
 two things: that if the company can hang on long
 enough for electronic payments to become a
 widespread phenomenon, it will be well positioned
 to cash in.
 They also say the company has a strong, tenacious
 management team in place, led by Melton. ``He is
 the rock the company is built on, and he's
 committed to the company's success,'' said Smith.
 ``I don't see anyone there who is ready to back
 down.''
 But in the end, Weil said, the future of CyberCash
 might rest with forces beyond its control. ``You
 can't change the psyche of consumers,'' he said.
 ``CyberCash doesn't have that kind of influence.''
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
  July 23-24, 1998:

@_date: 1998-07-07 07:40:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IP: "CyberCash can't oust credit cards" 
Yes. SSL and HTML does that to paper, even telephone, credit card
transactions. As long as you're using the net anyway. :-).
Actually, it's *SET's* burden to proove that it's 1000X cheaper (including
the cost of fraud) than SSL, the status quo ante of internet payment
I don't think SET is cheaper, much less three orders of magnitude cheaper,
than SSL.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
  July 23-24, 1998:

@_date: 1998-07-07 19:16:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IP: "CyberCash can't oust credit cards" 
Pretty much. Actually, the model I like is one where transactions on the
net are free, but putting money *on* the net costs some smidge of money,
just like buying traveller's checks cost money, something like one or two
percent, I think.
You can't get any network effects, oddly enough, if you charge to take it
*off* the net, because merchants have to *pay* to participate. It would be
as if you had to pay to redeem a traveller's check. If that were the case
nobody would accept them. Pretty serious seignorage loss that would cause.
Again, I've a white paper on this. If anyone's interested, I'll send it to
them offline.  And, again, the dbs list folks have already seen it. :-).
Speaking of gratuitous plugs ;-), there are only two more days until I
close the subscription book on the symposium, and I still have some room.
See  and register now, if you
want to go.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
  July 23-24, 1998:

@_date: 1998-07-08 05:17:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IP: "CyberCash can't oust credit cards" 
Nope, and, if I did, I was wrong. :-).
You probably can't bootstrap things on seignorage alone, I don't
think, but if you did, again, you would kill your digital
cash issue anyway, because of lack of merchant acceptance, especailly in
the early phases.
Note, in my canonical example, cash, that people already pay a fee for
"foreign" ATM withdrawls anyway, and people are used to doing things that
way. That's great, because I expect that margins on a net.ATM withdrawl
through an underwriter would be significantly higher than what a bank makes
on their non-customer ATM transactions. Three orders of magnitude cheaper?
I wouldn't be surprised.
Yup. But, oddly enough, that was Mark Twain's (final) fee structure, too.
Didn't save them in the end, though.
I just think that if merchants are the key to acceptance of digital bearer
cash, much less fully anonymous blinded digital bearer cash :-), then you
shouldn't charge merchants anything to accept the stuff. If a merchant can
download a wallet or registerware free or very cheap, and instantly start
taking cash payments for whatever they sell over the net, and, when it came
time to take that cash and put it into their own bank it didn't cost them
anything to do it, then they would probably accept the stuff a heartbeat.
The cost of anything is the foregone alternative, three orders of
magnitude, and all that and "free" comes pretty close to three orders of
magnitude in cost reduction from merchant credit card fees in my book. :-).
The other beneficiary, in terms of cost, of course, is both the
underwriter, who's issuing cash for rediculously cheaper than a
corresponding volume of noncustomer.meat.ATM transactions would cost, not
to mention *some* seignorage :-), and the trustee, who's getting a share of
both for something they do already for the mutual fund and stock/bond
transfer markets.
I see seignorage as a tasty long-view source of income, certainly, but I
expect the half-life of a given dollar of digital cash to be measured in
days, if not hours, in the early stages. Frankly, I don't see seignorage
showing up significantly on the income statement of an underwriter until
there are other bearer instruments (stocks, bonds, and especially mutual
fund shares) to invest that cash in, keeping it on the net.
I think that that's one of the reasons that the Fed, among other people,
aren't too worried about the immediate macroeconomic effects of digital
cash. That and that the Fed's seignorage income, in the overall scheme of
Fed revenues, is pretty small, and probably dwarfed by other things like
printing and handling costs, etc. Greenspan himself is/was a free banking
advocate, certainly, and has said publically (see last September's Official
Cypherpunk Forbes issue :-)) that he thinks that private electronic
banknote issue is not a scary proposition at all.
Anyway, by the time that there are other digital bearer instruments out
there, and the money supply gets affected by digital cash seignorage, much
less fractional reserve accounts, (which *will* happen as competition heats
up and, someday even traveller's-check-type purchase premia on digital cash
will go away [*some*day!]), then the central bankers will have other things
to worry about besides just the impact if digital bearer settlement on
their money supply. Problems like why have *national* instead of private,
currencies, anyway. :-).
Nice problem to have, I figure.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
  July 23-24, 1998:

@_date: 1998-07-08 12:10:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IP: "CyberCash can't oust credit cards" 
Yes, but what do they do for customers of *other* banks? They *charge* them
for it. Which is exactly what any underwriter should do to put money onto
the net. There is no difference between an underwriter of digital cash and
a provider of a third-party cash machine, be it at a bank other than your
own, or, more equivalent, those private ATM machines you see all over the
place now.
Well, certainly no more than Otto Lillienthal was... :-).
 By making it so cheap for them to use that it becomes ubiquitous? ;-).
Big pile of "ifs" there. I expect that all you really need are other
digital bearer assets which provide a better return than cash. :-).
Okay. Since the actual, financial definition of seignorage is in fact the
difference between what money's worth and what it costs to produce it,
you're probably right. :-). Nonetheless, income on seignorage is miniscule
to other income that the Fed makes, and that's a fact. Greenspan has gone
on record (see the Forbes article) as saying that it would be no skin off
his nose if the Fed never saw any of it.
Well, yeah, to the extent that the cost structure is somewhat :-)
different. Unique, non-replicable money-bits *are* easier to print and
control than paper ones after all. Some people say three orders of
magnitude cheaper. ;-).
Agreed, and he's said as much, like I've said. Controlling the money
supply's more what Greenspan's interested in, and, frankly, given the
amount of eurodollars (the "other" e$ :-)) held in dollar-denominated
accounts in foriegn banks, it's probably safe to say that that's going to
be more of a problem for him as time goes on. And, of course, the physical
cash sitting in some Russian mattresses is, well, seignorage.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
  July 23-24, 1998:

@_date: 1998-07-17 13:38:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: John Gilmore and the Great Internet Snake Drive 
Congrats to Mr. Gilmore, EFF, et. al. for a very impressive DES crack.
It seems that Gilmore and Moore's Law have just turned the
once-respected DES into cryptographic snake-oil. He keeps hurting
snakes like that, he's gonna get himself canonized. ;-).
Seriously. Many thanks to Mr. Gilmore for proving, once again, that
lobbying is pointless, and that physics is not optional.
Outstanding. Marvellous.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
  July 23-24, 1998:

@_date: 1998-07-20 10:51:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: John Gilmore and the Great Internet Snake Drive 
Okay, I'll say it again: Yes, Virginia, DES is now officially Snake Oil.
As much snake oil as if someone tried to sell a Ceasar cipher -- a
perfectly good prechristian military messaging technology, mind you :-) --
for use in modern internet financial cryptography.
So, Virginia, DES is DED. Game over. Kaput.
Get used to it.
Actually my point. It may have been predicted, but it has now happend. DES
is now Snake Oil.
BTW, try getting your gingivitis fixed before you go yawning in someone's
face. ;-).
I see. In *your* lifetime? Splendid. I'd love to see *that* happen. And, of
course, *you're* going to do it, Mr. Lowry? Yawn, yourself.
Probably not in your lifetime, bunky, no matter how many 5-gallon buckets
of slime you can grow. Burden of proof's on you, here. My claim that DES is
snakeoil is based on proven fact. Your claim that DNA can economically
factor numbers fast has yet to be demonstrated, and I challenge you to
prove otherwise with a straight face.
Anything that is broken, like DES now is, and is still claimed by others to
be safe, and sold by them as such, is, in my book, snake-oil.
No, it doesn't follow, because that's not what I said. I said that because
it is now demonstrably trivial to break DES messages, especially DES
financial messages (the kind with *money* in them, for those in Loma
Linda), DES is now Snake Oil. Just like the Ceasar cipher.
Lobbying is only necessary for those who want to use force to maintain
market share -- geographic, or otherwise. :-). Lobbying itself is the
profession of con men who use the threat of government force to extort
money from people who work, and give it to those who don't, in particular
said con men.
The only way to avoid government's propensity to dynasticize :-) is to
innovate faster than they can regulate. In Loma Linda, they call it
"progress", bunky. And, crypto has just progressed to such a point that
formerly presumed peekware like DES has just been proven to be such, and is
now, quite fairly, snake oil. Moore's law is not optional, At least in
DES's case.
Lobbying is not necessary if you change the world faster than they can
control it. Gilmore, et. al., just proved that.
Lobbying to change the "legal" keysize is a waste of time. Physics causes
economics, which causes law, which causes "policy". It's never the other
way around, regardless of the beltway's daydreams to the contrary.
I would claim that, your disengenous ":-)" aside (yeah, I know, pot,
kettle, black), that any "exportable" algorithm is in fact snake oil. And
Gilmore just proved it.
Wha? Security through obscurity? How exactly can you encrypt a message you
don't know the contents of?
Oh. I get it. Statist humor. (Yeah, I know about blinding, I just hate
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
The Philodox Symposium on Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement
  July 23-24, 1998:

@_date: 1998-09-07 00:46:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Encryption Expert Says U.S. Laws Led to Renouncing of  Citizenship 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  New York Times
September 6, 1998
Encryption Expert Says U.S. Laws Led to Renouncing of Citizenship
By PETER WAYNER
Most people who leave the United States and move to the
Caribbean dream of the freedom of perfect beaches, warm
winters and tropical fruits. Vince Cate says he sees a world where he has
complete freedom to write computer software and send it around the
In 1994, Cate moved to
Anguilla and helped bring
Internet service to the tiny
island. Last Sunday night, he
went a step further and flew to
Barbados, site of the nearest
American consulate, to fill out
the paperwork to renounce his
U.S. citizenship.
Cate, an encryption expert and
one of the sponsors of an
annual academic conference on
financial cryptography in Anguilla, said he made the decision because he
is setting up a new company, Secure Accounts, that will design and build
basic software to handle electronic transactions. The software will rely
heavily on encryption to scramble the data traveling between users in
order to prevent fraud, theft and embezzlement. After renouncing his
citizenship, Cate said in an e-mail message that he wanted "to be free
from the silly U.S. laws on crypto."
Normally, setting up an international company does not require forgoing
citizenship in the United States, but Cate's expertise in creating
encryption software places him in a special class. If he were to offer any
advice to non-U.S. citizens about the encryption work built into his
financial transaction software, he would violate U.S. laws, which treat the
transfer of such encryption as illegal international arms traffic. These laws
apply throughout the world and are intended to stop U.S. citizens from
assisting others in developing encryption software.
"I'm not actually writing any crypto code," Cate said in a telephone
interview on Thursday. "But I'm supervising people who are."
The U.S. government treats secret coding software in the same way it
treats howitzers, tanks and chemical weapons because it can allow
foreigners to hide their communications from U.S. intelligence-gathering
organizations. In past wars, the United States gained important
advantages in the field of battle through carefully gathered information,
and the government does not want to lose what it sees as technical high
Many American software companies, however, see themselves losing
market share to foreign competitors who are able to create encryption
products unhampered by U.S. laws. They argue that good cryptographic
expertise is already well distributed around the world and that the laws
only give foreign competitors an advantage.
"We can provide a solution that works over the whole planet." Cate said
of his company. "U.S. companies can only provide a solution that is U.S.
only. We certainly have a competitive edge by being offshore."
Recently, many leading software companies like Sun Microsystems and
C2 Net have opened branches outside the United States, hiring foreign
nationals to do the work. This has required a complicated dance to avoid
breaking U.S. export laws like the ones that Cate is escaping.
Steve Walker, the former president of the encryption manufacturer
Trusted Information Systems, said of Cate's move, "All of us have
thought from time to time that we're fed up with things, but in reality it
doesn't accomplish much and you give up a lot."
Sameer Parekh, the president of the Web server company C2 Net, said:
"I think it's essential if you want business that you're doing your
development overseas. It's pretty clear to anyone internationally that
anything exportable [from the United States] is a joke."
C2 Net has development offices in Anguilla and Newbury, England.
Parekh says that there is great demand overseas for programmers who
know cryptography.
Walker agreed that American companies are hurt by the existing laws.
"There are foreign companies out there who are doing very well," he said,
"in part because they're selling products out there that the U.S. can't sell."
Rozell Thompson, a lawyer who specializes in negotiating export licenses,
said of Cate's decision: " I think that's pretty unnecessary in this
case. If you're developing crypto for financial applications, it's exportable
anyways. There's a recognition that cryptography for electronic
commerce applications is going to be exportable."
The government is more lenient with software used by banks and other
financial institutions, in part because it recognizes the great need for such
software and in part because it already receives reports about much of
the transaction data cloaked by the encryption. Thompson said that Cate
would probably have been able to negotiate some sort of license with the
U.S. government, although this would have taken months and would
need to be repeated for each new project.
Cate's move also illuminates a bit of the international market for
citizenship. Before renouncing his U.S. citizenship, Cate became a citizen
of Mozambique for a fee of about $5,000. "This makes me an
American-African," he joked.
Cate's current home, Anguilla, requires people to wait 15 years before
applying for citizenship. He moved there in 1994 and has worked to
establish strong ties. In his spare time, he runs a computer club that
places old computers in the island's schools. "The computer club is also
my best source of talent searching," he said. "I have hired three students
right out of high school because I knew them from the computer club."
Edward Betancourt, a lawyer for the U.S. Department of State, said that
the notion that a person could freely choose their citizenship dates back
to the war of 1812, when British warships would often capture
Americans under the argument that they were really British subjects. He
said: "Most people seem to renounce for family reasons. They haven't
lived in the U.S. for some time and they don't want to deal with another
bureaucracy. Whether a person articulates [the decision] to us or not is
up to them. In most instances, people say 'I'm grateful to the U.S. and it's
not done in anger.'"
In 1996, the latest year for which data is available, 612 people lost their
citizenship. This number includes people like Cate who renounced their
citizenship, as well as others who expatriated themselves by serving in
foreign governments. The government requires a lengthy interview, in part
to determine whether people are leaving for tax reasons and to ensure
that the decision is made correctly.
Right now, Cate sees several advantages in his choice. "There's less
chance of getting in any trouble with the U.S. government and there's also
less chance of getting shot by a terrorist," he said, referring to the recent
actions targeting U.S. citizens.
 Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-07 04:57:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "Einstein's degree wasn't honorary...." 
...says Jim Choate from the bowels of my kill file.
I believe I was talking about his doctorate, which, I think you'll see, was
in fact given to him on the strength of his already published work, by a
school in which he wasn't enrolled.
I would call that, no matter the rigor attached to the degree and the
quality of the school handing it out -- both of which were considerable, if
I remember -- an "honorary" doctorate.
As honorary degrees go, the Swiss school which did confer a doctorate upon
Einstein, and upon Diffie as well, I think, was supposed to be about the
best one you can get.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-08 04:01:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Archives? What archives? 
Here comes another American-African...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-08 04:01:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks HyperArchive 
At 12:17 PM -0400 on 9/7/98, Tim May trolled:
If I told you, I would have to kill you?
Seriously, Ryan and Ian were both moderators the Philodox Symposium on
Digital Bearer Transaction Settlement, held this July at the Harvard Club
in Boston. During the Symposium, they had several dinner conversations with
a couple of Symposium participants from a company which will remain
nameless, and they're currently putting together a digital bearer
transaction settlement system for those folks. Somewhere. :-).
Also there at the Symposium was Scott Loftesness, who's now the new
president of DigiCash, though the rest of us didn't know that at the time.
I was hoping someone from DigiCash would show up. I just didn't know
exactly how successful I was going to be in that until about two weeks ago.
Of course, a good time was had by all, including the likes of Dan Geer,
John Muller, some fairly serious financial people from Citicorp and VISA
and EGold, and several other interesting folks from various walks of
crypto, finance, and law. Had a great time, wish you were there, and all
Yup, that financial technology evangelism stuff's just a waste of time.
Never gonna amount to much.
For my next trick  (besides some road-show DBTS seminars I'd like to do,
some speeches at upcoming electronic commerce/trading conferences in places
like Boston and London, the DBTS series I'm doing for Duncan Goldie-Scott's
online edition of the Financial Times, a white paper I'm doing for a credit
card company, some other fee-and-referral-commission consulting contracts,
and a few threatend projects from book editors :-)) is a
chinese-wall, peer-reviewed legal conference on digital bearer settlement,
hopefully next summer. I'm recruiting the program chair now, and have
several people you've probably heard of in mind for the program committee,
though ultimately that's the committee chairman's decision.
Having some fun, *now*, as those SNL wild and crazy guys used to say...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-08 04:01:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 4.21:New Up-Scale Home Designs Reflect PrivacyConcerns 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: "ama-gi ISPI" ISPI Clips 4.21: New Up-Scale Home Designs Reflect Privacy Concerns
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Monday September 7, 1998
This From: The Washington Post, Saturday, September 5, 1998; Page E03
The Neo-Fortress Home: Can the Concept Be Defended?
Roger K. Lewis
"A House for the New Millennium" was the headline on a recent Wall Street
Journal article about residential design trends. It should have read, "A
House for the New Millionaires," or perhaps, "A House for Fearful
With a full-color, bird's-eye view illustration and a tabulation of what's
in and what's out, writer June Fletcher predicts that homes of the future
will "look more like medieval fortresses than futuristic bubbles." Picture
what Fletcher calls the Neo-Fortress Movement: towers and turrets; walled
yards; locked gates; and tall, narrow windows.
And most of the examples she cites have fortress-like price tags. At the
low end were subdivision houses in Arizona ranging from $382,000 to
$639,000. More typical were $950,000 homes in California; $1 million homes
in Kentucky and Pennsylvania; a 10,000-square-foot, $3.3 million spec home
in New Jersey; and a 14,000-square-foot, $8 million home in Florida.
"The neo-fortress style reflects end-of-the-century anxieties about privacy
and security," according to the article, along with diminishing home owner
interest in the "showy houses of the '80s, with their soaring ceilings,
open floor plans and huge windows that invite passersby to peer in and
check out the furniture."
On the article's "out" list: Palladian windows, Greek columns, grand
entries, two-story plans, big lawns, common areas, great rooms and computer
nooks in kitchens. On the "in" list: motor courts, walled courtyards,
single-story plans, numerous defined rooms, 10-foot ceilings, two home
offices and turrets.
Turrets, California architect Barry Berkus told the Journal, "connote
fortification and strength." Indeed, Berkus suggests that people are
attracted to turrets because they evoke lonely, romantic symbols such as
lighthouses and silos.
By the time I reached the end of the article, I was wondering what the
average American homeowner or home buyer might make of all this, not to
mention architects and builders who create houses that buck or ignore this
fortification trend. In 2001, would those of us whose homes sport large
windows, vaulted ceilings and lack medievally inspired towers feel
vulnerable and defenseless as well as out of fashion?
There is nothing intrinsically wrong, either aesthetically or functionally,
with most of the trendy features mentioned in the article. Walled-in
courtyards, towers and narrow windows have been around for thousands of
years. Constructing homes with discrete, functionally differentiated rooms
is an established tradition. In most cultures, visually separating spaces
for private, domestic use from public spaces is a standard and desirable
But these design elements and strategies for shaping a house should be
employed when they fit the circumstances and context pertaining to the
house, its location and site, its occupants and its occupants' budget.
Thus the courtyard house, which evolved as the dominant residential
building type in ancient Mediterranean, African, southern European and
Asian cultures, is well suited for mild climates where inhabitants can
spend much of the year outdoors in the courtyard, and where they don't have
to cope with snow and ice -- places such as Florida, Texas, New Mexico,
Arizona and California.
But courtyard houses usually make little sense in New England, upstate New
York, Appalachia, the upper Midwest or the foothills of the Rockies.
One-level courtyard homes fit poorly on sites that aren't reasonably flat
or on tight, awkwardly shaped lots. Given their introverted nature, they
are rarely the logical choice for lots with dramatic views.
Generally, the one-level courtyard house configuration is among the more
expensive ways to build a home. It is much less compact than other building
types, especially the two- or three-story, cubicly shaped house with
basement and attic. It entails more roof area and perimeter wall surface to
enclose a given amount of interior space, resulting in not only increased
construction costs but also increased heating, cooling and maintenance
Some could read the Wall Street Journal article and mistakenly infer that
the neo-fortress style may be perfectly okay for anyone, anywhere. Clearly
it is not.
But there's something more disturbing than the potential for readers to
draw incorrect inferences about architectural styling. The report implies
that Americans' perceptions, attitudes and behavior are increasingly shaped
by security concerns. Segregation and isolation, not integration and
connection, seem to preoccupy more and more citizens who want to live not
only in gated communities, but also in gated homes.
Referring to the $8 million home in Florida with a pair of turrets,
Fletcher reports that the turret near the garage houses a platform accessed
by a circular stair and a fireman's pole. "The client," noted the builder,
"thought it would be great for his grandchildren to be able to shoot their
BB guns out the window, then slide down the pole."
Before arriving at this Florida bastion, perhaps visitors should know more
about the prospective BB gun targets as well as the rest of the home
arsenal -- what about crossbows and boiling oil?
The $1 million builder's house in Kentucky encompasses 10,000 square feet
and has a three-story, outdoor media room, according to Fletcher, including
a shower, hot tub, fireplace, gazebo with built-in television and
kitchenette, bar, small pool and waterfall. The owners boast that, when
fireworks are flying in distant Cincinnati, they can sit in their outdoor
media room and watch the fireworks live and on television at the same time,
experiencing the real and the virtual simultaneously.
Could this be the ultimate suburban house, a house connected only
electronically to the rest of the world, a house you never would have to
Courtyard homes can be wonderful in their place, their virtues being
spatial amenity, not defendability. They should be built not to escape the
communal world outside, but rather to heighten enjoyment of the familial
world inside.
As for turrets, man's home may be his castle, but it doesn't have to look
like one.
(c) Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-09-08 05:34:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
At 3:38 PM -0400 on 9/7/98, Robert Hettinga wrote about Ryan Lackey's
whereabouts, on cypherpunks:
Whew. Glad Ryan has now said something publically now about his and Ian's bit
of extraterritorial subtrifuge (though Ian  doesn't qualify, of course). I
mean, I just *hate* keeping secrets... ;-).
Frankly, I *really* have a hard time with all this
man-without-a-first-world-country, crypto-expat stuff. I think making the
technology not eonomically optional is the way to change things, and no
amount of romantic, jurisdiction-shopping "regulatory arbitrage" is going
to alter reality all that much.
But, I guess, Anguilla's as nice a place to have this affliction as any I can
think of.
And, I wish Vince -- and now, apparently, Ryan -- good luck, whatever happens.
Yet, for some reason, memories of Vietnam-era draft-dodgers keep coming to
mind. For what it cost them all personally, not much good came of it, I'd say,
for them or anyone else. The people who protested the war and "fought the good
fight" to end it stayed here to do it, after all. The most potent anti-war
activists were Vietnam vets themselves, for that matter. And, of course,
Ridgeway told Eisenhower at the outset that Vietnam was a multi-million-man
war, and Eisenhower stayed out accordingly, throwing a few marginal people on
the ground to shut Lodge up. It took Testosterone Jack to get a Special-Forces
hard-on. Eventually he and Desktop Lyndon ended up screwing a pooch
instead of the commies.
Do people out there really think somebody like Gore's going to do a
crypto-amnesty someday? I didn't think so. Ashcroft, maybe, but don't hold
your breath, there, either. It'll be decades, I bet, and our "boys over
there" will have grey hair long before they do come back home on this one.
Political inertia is probably going to keep a few people we know outside
the fence, looking in, for an awful long time after the issue's utterly
I expect people who do this crypto-expat stuff are going to get their
new passports refused at the U.S. border when they visit, and I think that
things are going to get worse for them for a long time before they get better.
Of course, there's a fair argument to be made that if they do get refused,
it's probably time to leave, anyway, but I'll let someone else gnaw that bone.
And, frankly, I *do* expect that the FBI will attempt domestic crypto
controls, just like they've been been trying to do for some time now. But,
unlike a lot of people, I think that the marketplace will steamroller all
such silliness into yet another roadtop attraction, before or after its
Anyway, as the old "excrable" e$yllogism goes,
Digital commerce is financial cryptography.
Financial cryptography is strong cryptography.
Therefore, if there's no strong cryptography, there's no digital commerce.
So, call me an optimist.
Like I've said before, I've heard the end of life and liberty as we know it
predicted over and over again -- hell, I've even believed so myself, once or
twice -- but, like the Gibbon quote in my .sig goes, "however it may deserve
respect for its usefulness and antiquity", I ain't seen it happen yet.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-08 09:51:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
Time for a little air clearing, here...
Perils of the internet, Ryan, everything is everywhere forever. :-).
That's okay, you didn't sound that much different than you do anywhere
else. That was not perjorative, by the way...
Actually, I was quoting *myself*, talking about something you discussed
later, and which crossed paths with the post in question. It might help to
go back and reread the original, in the thread about the cypherpunk
hyperarchive, but, you're excused in the meantime. :-).
I wasn't talking about *that* Ian. :-). As it is, Ian Grigg has outed
himself on another list already, but he's not the one making expatriate
noise, seeing as he's Australian, and all...
Um, yes. And I haven't said anything besides what's publically known.
Certainly *who* you're working for hasn't been revealed yet, and I haven't
done that. Even as much as I hate secrets. :-).
That's nice to know. Good to hear. See ya when you get back. At least you
haven't made that trip to Antigua or Barbados, or wherever, yet. That, in
my opinion, would be rather silly.
Again, marvellous.
Splendid. At the moment, I'd just barely prefer Anguilla to the North Fork
of the Flathead River myself, but my opinion on the subject is changing...
Again, marvellous. I would just be careful you don't fall in with the wrong
element while you're down there in the World's Best Place for Financial
Cryptography (tm). ;-).
And, I might add, *you* didn't. :-).
Any information I've revealed on this is public. However, I'm in an
agressively public business, these days, yes? You don't put "Evangelism" in
your business name and expect to hide your light under a bushel basket...
Frankly, I'm only *really* obligated to keep secrets I'm paid to keep,
anymore. Word to the wise, for anyone else out there who wants call me up
and spill the beans. Past obligations will still be honored, of course, but
the rent's gotta be paid, same as it ever was. This includes "keep this
quiet, but..." in email, encrypted or otherwise, followed by This Week's
Business Plan. Frankly, I don't want to hear that stuff anymore unless
there's some remuneration behind it. Game over.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-08 09:52:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Wired: "The Y2K Solution: Run for Your Life!!" 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Wired
F E A T U R E|Issue 6.08 - August 1998
The Y2K Solution: Run for Your Life!!
 By Kevin Poulsen
 Scott Olmsted is dressed to do some serious debugging: comfortable khaki
shorts, a T-shirt from a Visual Basic conference, and a visor from one of
his Silicon Valley employers. But we're a long way from the land of
cubicles and industrial parks. In fact, we're a long way from just about
 Scott is debugging with a hammer, trying to remove a stubborn two-by-four
from the wall of a mobile home plunked down in the high desert of Southern
California. After banging away for a few minutes, he finally yanks the stud
off the wall in a flurry of sawdust and splintered wood. It's a small
victory, but it brings him one step closer to his own solution to the
greatest computer glitch in history - the Year 2000 Bug. With more than 20
years of computer programming experience under his belt, Scott has decided
that the only real fix for the Y2K problem may be to pack up and move to
this patch of land 75 miles from his San Diego home. "In the next year or
so," he predicts, "the most common cocktail party chatter will be, 'What
are you doing to prepare for Y2K?' But by then, it will be too late."
 This is sagebrush country, the kind of place where you can hear your
footsteps crunching in the gravel. But even here, 30 miles from the nearest
interstate, a line of telephone poles runs along the dirt road and PacBell
terminal boxes sprout from the ground alongside the cacti. While carpet
installers work in the next room, Scott is planning for the day when it may
all be useless. The property came with a freshwater well, and he'll soon
have a solar panel for power. For protection against looters, he's about to
purchase his first gun. "I've seen how fragile so many software systems are
- how one bug can bring them down," he worries. The idea of hundreds,
thousands, millions of bugs cascading all at once keeps him awake at night.
 His Y2K retreat is easy to spot. In an area where high security means a
few strands of barbed wire clinging to a rusty pole, Scott's chain-link
fence is shiny and new. The alarm-company sign that hangs from the fence
would be more at home in Brentwood, and on the roof there's a DirecTV
satellite dish pointed toward the sky. The shed outside his back door will
hold nonperishable food. But with a programmer's methodical logic, Scott
didn't rush out to buy a year's worth of dehydrated grub. First he sampled
the fare from several distributors. One company sold a textured vegetable
protein that was a bit more expensive, but it came in a variety of flavors:
chicken, beef, and taco. "It was pretty good," Scott says, in the halting
measured tones of someone who doesn't want come across as a wacko. "We were
pleasantly surprised." So he splurged. What the hell, doomsday comes along
only once in a lifetime.
 Throughout history, prophets and visionaries have spent their lives
preparing for the end of the world. But this time veteran software
programmers are blazing the millennial trail. The geeks have read the
future, not in the Book of Revelation, but in a few million lines of
computer code.
 By now, the source of their anxiety is well known. In the 1950s and 1960s,
when the computer world was young and memory was expensive, programmers
developed a convention for marking the passage of time. It's the same
system most people use to date their checks: two digits for the day, two
for the month, and two for the year. Dropping the "19" from the year was
convenient, and it saved two bytes of precious RAM every time it was used.
 Those were days of innocence and optimism. Everyone knew what would happen
if this little shortcut was still in use in AD 2000 - the two-digit year
would roll over like the odometer on an old Chevy, and the computers would
think they'd jumped 100 years into the past. Programmers knew it, and they
warned their managers. Not to worry, was the usual reply. When the
millennium finally rolls around, all this code will be ancient history.
 But the code stuck around. The old software worked fine in the
postmainframe world, so nobody felt compelled to replace it. Instead, like
Roman architects, they just built on top of it. The two-digit year became a
standard, wired right into the heart of Cobol - the Common Business
Oriented Language that still serves as the digital workhorse of commerce
and industry. It also crept into the embedded microchips found in
everything from VCRs to nuclear power plants. For years the Y2K bug sat
quietly, remembered largely as an amusing textbook example of poor software
 But as 2000 drew near, the screwup became less amusing. In November 1996,
the comp.software.year-2000 newsgroup was launched, creating a forum that
would soon become ground zero for the Y2K survivalist movement. But at
first, the charter was clear: Discussions would be limited to Y2K bug
fixes, remediation strategies, and reports.
 Over the course of the next year, information poured into the newsgroup,
and most of it was bad: The FAA was hopelessly behind schedule in patching
air-traffic-control systems; Edward Yardeni, chief economist for Deutsche
Morgan Grenfell Bank, laid odds that Y2K upheaval would trigger a
recession; Ed Yourdon, a respected software guru and author of 25 computer
books, predicted the collapse of the US government - not long after he
packed up and moved to New Mexico.
 Optimism became a scarce commodity. Philosophical questions were raised:
Do programmers have a moral duty to remain at their keyboards until the
last moments of 1999, like captains on a sinking ship? Debates raged over
social Darwinism and the ownership of wheat in grain elevators. The
conversation moved on to the viability of dry dog food as emergency
rations. Plans were made to begin converting equities into gold and buying
land in remote parts of California, Arizona, and Oklahoma. January 1998 saw
250 cross-posts to misc.survivalism - up from an average of 30 a month in
late 1997. Gradually, a new acronym entered the Internet lexicon:
TEOTWAWKI, pronounced "tee-OH-tawa-kee." The End of the World as We Know
It. The
 Internet's very own survival movement was born.
 Scott Olmsted has known about the Y2K bug since the 1980s, but he never
gave it much thought until early 1997, when he received a snail-mail flyer
from Gary North, a historian and early leader in the Y2K preparedness
movement. After reading it, Scott remembers feeling a vague sense of dread.
But as a rational guy and student of decision analysis - the science of
logical decision making in the face of chronic uncertainty - he didn't jump
to any conclusions. Instead, he went online to do some research. As he
pored over Web sites and news clippings, Scott felt himself moving through
the same psychological stages endured by people confronted with fatal
illness: denial, fading into anger, leading to a deep depression that
culminates in a sense of acceptance. "I'm still not 100 percent sure that
the world's coming to an end," he admits. "But the idea that I may want to
get out of town for a while is not such a long shot. It's enough to make me
want to prepare."
 With the exception of his wife, most of the non-geeks closest to Scott
think he's a little nuts. His half-brother, Clark Freeman, thought he was
going overboard. But since then, Clark has come around a bit - he, too, is
planning to stockpile some food in case things get rough.
 If his brother is taking Y2K so seriously, he figures there might well be
something to it. "Scott has always been the level-headed one," Clark
remembers. "The classic straightlaced nerd."
 "I've spoken with friends and relatives about this, and I've gotten
nowhere," Scott sighs. Worse, some of the more intense Y2K survivalists
also think he's crazy - or at least a bit nave. After all, Scott plans to
celebrate New Year's Eve at his home in the suburbs; the place in the
desert will be there just in case things get rough. Then there's his fence
- it has no perimeter alarms, and he isn't even trying to camouflage his
location. But worst of all, his hideaway is only a half tank of gas away
from Los Angeles - close enough to the big city that he could wake up one
postapocalyptic morning to find hordes of Los Angelinos parked outside his
desert redoubt.
 The hardcores believe it will happen like this: On January 1 (or shortly
thereafter), the electricity grid will go dead. Groceries in America's
refrigerators will go bad. Food distribution systems will crash and store
shelves will go bare within days. Businesses will fail, either because they
aren't Y2K compliant or because they are dependent on noncompliant
customers and suppliers. As losses mount and companies go under, the stock
market will plummet. Banks will calculate interest for negative 100 years.
The government will stop issuing entitlement checks to gray-haired senior
citizens when their age suddenly clicks back to -35. Panic will set in.
Police dispatch systems will be crippled, and the only law will be the law
of the jungle. Desperate citizens will abandon the cities to hunt for
resources in rural areas. They'll come looking for the mad prophets - the
Y2K survivalists - ready to plunder their food, their heat, and their
communications links. They'll zero in on Scott and his conspicuous retreat
like a pack of wolves on the scent of a kill.
 But they'd better stay away from Steve Watson's place.
 Steve Watson, a 45-year-old systems analyst, is still kicking himself for
not preparing sooner. He didn't get going until early this year, and he
worries that he still has a lot of adjusting to do. As he puts it, "I
didn't even know how to tan a hide until a couple of months ago."
 If all goes according to plan, Steve will ring in the new year at a secure
compound somewhere in southern Oklahoma. While the Pollyannas of the world
watch Times Square on the tube, he'll be listening to the radio for early
news of Y2K disaster. When the power goes black - perhaps at the stroke of
midnight - he'll be ready with a small arsenal of guns. A generator will
power his bunker indefinitely, but no light will escape to the outside -
none of Steve's neighbors will even know that there is a survivalist in
their midst.
 Eight months ago, if you'd told Steve that Y2K survivalism would become
his obsession, he would have laughed in your face. Last year, he was a
happy-go-lucky Y2K project analysis manager for DMR Consulting, a
Canada-based computer consulting firm, just finishing up a big remediation
project for a major American phone company. The effort was grueling - 10
writers, programmers, and analysts cleaning up 10 million of lines of Cobol
code. But in the end it all worked out, and the phone company's billing
system was declared ready for 2000.
 In that heady moment of self-congratulation, Bill Finch, one of Steve's
coworkers, approached him with a thought. "Steve," he said, "don't you
realize that everything stops if the power grid goes down?"
 Anxiety set in. The telephone company had poured substantial resources
into its Y2K effort. Even then, Steve's project had been an odyssey plagued
with countless unexpected glitches and snags. If the power utilities - with
their Byzantine grid of thousands of generators and substations around the
continent - weren't already well along in their efforts, then all the
systems he'd dragged into Y2K compliance would be dead as doornails when
the lights went out.
 That afternoon, Steve hit the Net, where he learned that the situation is
far worse than he had imagined. The power grid relies on a sophisticated
feedback mechanism: Remote terminal units report their power needs up the
communications chain that controls the output of electricity generators.
The entire network is riddled with embedded chips. Nuclear plants supply
nearly 20 percent of the power in the grid, and none of them have been
certified as Y2K compliant. Charles Siebenthal, head of the Year 2000
embedded systems project at the Electric Power Research Institute, says the
industry is just beginning to look for potential Y2K failure points.
Anecdotes from industry consultants suggest that if the year 2000 came
today, every utility in the country would crash. "No electric plant or
facility of any kind has been Y2K tested without some kind of impact," says
David Hall, a senior consultant with the Cara Corporation. "There isn't
enough time to fix everything. There will be some disruption. How long? How
deep? We just don't know."
 Then there are ripple effects to consider. "There's not a single railroad
switch in the country that's manual anymore," Steve says. "They're all
computer controlled, and railroads deliver coal and fuel to power plants."
 Exit Steve Watson, bright-eyed optimist; enter the new Steve Watson, Y2K
survivalist, rugged pioneer, and Renaissance man in training. Steve began
spending six hours a day on the Internet, studying alternative power,
construction techniques, and emergency medical procedures. Anything he
couldn't find online, he ordered from local bookstores or Amazon.com. He'd
never kept a gun in the house, but soon he had three: a 30-30 for deer
hunting, a .22 for small game, and a 9-mm handgun for personal protection.
Of course, the 9-mm is practically a popgun against looting mobs, so four
M-16 assault rifles are also on the way.
 Finally, he pooled his money with Bill Finch, his DMR coworker, to buy 500
remote acres in Oklahoma. (Bill holds the public deed to the property, so
his name has been changed in this article to keep the location secret.) In
choosing the hideaway site and its size, Steve overengineered to account
for family and friends - few of whom subscribe to his Y2K scenario. "Most
people think I'm nuts. Even my kids think, Dad's going off the deep end."
Steve's wife, Teresa, has been more supportive. She's no computer expert,
but her Baptist faith tells her that the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse
could ride in with a global computer crash. Meanwhile, Steve is making
plans for everyone else: close friends, family members, sisters-in-law,
brothers-in-law - and their children, mothers, and fathers. Forty people in
all. In 2000, they'll work together to till the soil and patrol the fence
 Steve's doomsday vision is the same as that of most Y2K radicals, but
radicals can pop up in some pretty mainstream places - like the US Central
Intelligence Agency, which is advising its agents abroad to keep cash on
hand and stockpile extra blankets in preparation for New Year's Day 2000.
The agency worries that bugs in the power networks and communications
backbones of developing nations could cause outages that would jeopardize
the safety and well-being of its agents.
 Millions of Americans have already gotten a small taste of critical system
failure. When the onboard control system of the Galaxy IV communications
satellite failed on Tuesday, May 19, 1998, the outage temporarily crippled
US pager networks, several broadcast news operations, and even credit card
verifications systems. Most of the disruptions were brief - technicians
were able to switch to backup communications paths - but doctors who use
pagers as a lifeline with patients and colleagues were forced to set up
camp in hospitals and offices. The failure of one satellite threw a wrench
into the mechanisms of modern life, perhaps providing a peek at what life
may be like at the dawn of the new millennium.
 Or sooner. While the full brunt of the Y2K bug is reserved for AD 2000,
some early problems are already developing. In 1996, Visa and MasterCard
temporarily stopped issuing credit cards with an expiration date of 2000
after credit card verification terminals began choking on the "00." The
gaffe led to customer complaints and a lawsuit filed by a suburban Detroit
grocery store against its computer supplier, TEC America Inc. Since then,
most verification systems have been upgraded, but Y2K is making its
presence known in other areas. The Information Technology Association of
America released a survey last March showing 44 percent of the US companies
they polled have already experienced Y2K failures. Ninety-four percent of
the respondents termed Y2K a "crisis."
 The GartnerGroup estimates that 180 billion lines of code need to be
examined and that 20 to 30 percent of all firms worldwide have not yet
started preparing for Y2K. Many of these are expected to suffer significant
failures. In a series of studies issued over the last year, Gartner
surveyed 15,000 companies in 87 countries to assess their Y2K readiness.
The results weren't encouraging. Small companies rated lowest - for most,
winning over new customers has taken priority over the Y2K problem. But
midsize and large companies are lagging, too. Gartner then rated the
overall Y2K efforts of industrialized nations on a scale of zero to five,
where five is total compliance on all systems. The highest scorers on the
scale, including the US, Canada, and Australia, rated somewhere between two
and three - a score that suggests they have completed an inventory of Y2K
vulnerabilities, but not yet developed a comprehensive remediation plan.
 The US may be at the front of the pack in the Y2K race, but that's small
comfort to some legislators. Last March, the House Subcommittee on
Government Management, Information, and Technology warned that 37 percent
of the critical systems used by federal agencies will not be ready in time.
Then in June, California Republican Stephen Horn, who heads the
subcommittee, issued a scathing report card on the Clinton administration's
Y2K progress. He gave the government an F.
 John Koskinen, head of the president's Year 2000 Conversion Council,
complains that Horn is just a tough grader. "As a government, we're in a C+
to B range," he argues. Koskinen keeps a digital desktop clock that runs
backward - on the day we spoke, the clock showed 609 days, 8 hours, 39
minutes, 16 seconds, and counting - but he generally refrains from calling
the situation a crisis. Instead, he describes it as a "critical management
 He fully expects the federal government's critical systems to be ready on
time, or even early. "Many companies, financial institutions, and federal
agencies are still working on the problem," he says. "But most major
organizations plan to have their solutions in place by the first quarter of
next year."
 If the council is successful, Koskinen believes, Americans will confront
little more than a few minor inconveniences when the year 2000 finally
rolls around. "There's not enough information right now to indicate that
stocking up on Coleman stoves and Sterno is an appropriate response," he
says. And in the end, he predicts, "a lot of people won't notice."
 Koskinen has earned the respect of some Y2Kers by emphasizing the need for
high-level planning in the event that some systems fail. But Y2K
survivalists feel more comfortable with their own personal contingency
plans, and a commercial infrastructure is already forming to support them.
Walton Feed, an Idaho food distributor that sells products over the Net, is
doing a brisk business in long-term supplies; the company attributes this
to Y2K. And in Sully County, South Dakota, developer Russ Voorhees has
attracted national publicity and hundreds of potential clients for his
"Heritage Farms 2000" project - a Y2K survival community that's been on
hold since June, when a local planning commission refused to grant the
necessary building permits. For those who want to go it alone, there's a
sense of adventurous fun in their preparations - the pride of
self-sufficiency and an excuse to get away from the keyboard to earn some
merit badges. But Y2K preparedness is not just a Boy Scout fetish, and it
isn't always about getting away from it all.
 "If everybody moves to rural areas, they'll just take their problems with
them," explains Paloma O'Riley, a red-haired, forty-something mother, wife,
and computer expert. Paloma lives in the small town of Louisville,
Colorado, just east of Boulder, and when she looks around her community she
doesn't see potential looters - she sees neighbors. Her suburban hamlet has
become a major landmark on the Y2K map as the world headquarters of The
Cassandra Project, a grassroots Y2K preparedness organization that can
perhaps best be described as a kind of Millennial Neighborhood Watch.
 Until last year, Paloma was a Y2K project manager at the Rover Group, a
UK-based auto manufacturer, where her first responsibility was to identify
all of the company's vulnerable systems and target them for patching. But
her search didn't end with a couple of corporate mainframes. Inadvertently,
Paloma opened up the Pandora's Box of Y2K: embedded systems.
 Embedded systems draw the Y2K bug-fixing task out of cyberspace and into
the real world. There are lots of pea-brained microchips out there, nestled
in everything from microwave ovens and automobiles, to power plants and oil
refineries. Most don't care what the date is, but a small percentage of
them do, and that made Paloma nervous. "I became concerned about just how
prevalent embedded systems are," she recalls. "Several members of my family
have medical problems, so when I started investigating I became very
concerned about medical devices like defibrillators, physiological
monitoring equipment, and the entire medical services infrastructure."
 When her contract came up for renewal in 1997, Rover asked Paloma to stay
on in London to 2000. She declined - the thought of family and friends
surrounded by noncompliant systems that might leave them cold, hungry, and
without medical services was too much to ignore. Back in the States she
began networking with other people who shared her concerns, and that's when
she realized "we needed to put together an organization to address the
issues and get information out to the public."
 Thus The Cassandra Project was born. In Greek mythology, Cassandra was a
mortal woman courted by the god Apollo. To win her affections, Apollo gave
her the gift of prophecy. Still, Cassandra rejected him, so the frustrated
deity decreed that no one would ever believe her predictions. Paloma
O'Riley gave a nod to Cassandra's fate when she chose the name for her Y2K
preparedness group, but she is precisely the kind of mortal woman you'd
want at your next PTA meeting - a firm believer in the notion that some
good, old-fashioned community-building may keep the Y2K nightmare at bay.
 The Cassandra Project has helped spawn a dozen Y2K community preparedness
groups around the country. It has a board of directors that includes
several computer professionals and a Web site at millennia-bcs.com that
lists a menu of articles discussing possible Y2K scenarios, ranging from
minor annoyances to outright Y2Kaos. The site attracts more than 100,000
visitors a month.
 Between speaking engagements, Paloma spends her days organizing biweekly
meetings with neighbors to discuss contingency plans, and lobbying the
state government. "We've been working with the Cassandra group on a lot of
their initiatives," says Steve McNally, staff director of the Colorado
Information Management Commission. "They've talked to several legislators
and the governor's office and brought some awareness of the issues to the
 For her part, Paloma and her family plan to stockpile a six-month supply
of food. Her worst-case scenarios look much the same as those of the most
hardcore, self-sufficient Y2K survivalists, but the bomb-shelter aspect is
conspicuously missing. Paloma believes that people will pull together in
times of turmoil. If calamity strikes and she is forced to draw the line,
she's determined to do so in her own backyard.
 Even if Paloma's neighborly pragmatism sets her apart from the militia
types and fundamentalist Christians who regularly contact The Cassandra
Project, her efforts have brought her in contact with a thriving
premillennial subculture. "People in other millennial movements, including
Christian fundamentalism, point to Y2K as a sign of the times," says Philip
Lamy, a professor of sociology and anthropology at Castleton College in
Vermont. Lamy specializes in the study of secular millennialism, and he
sees Y2K survivalism as a prime example of the genre. "Generally,
millennial movements appear when a society or culture is going through a
period of rapid cultural, economic, or technological change," he says. "The
explosion of the Internet and the World Wide Web is fueling a lot of this
 Still, there are a few things that set the Y2Kers apart from the crowd.
For one, the Y2K bug is not simply a matter of myth, superstition, or
prophesy - it is a tangible problem hardwired into the fabric of our
industrial society. In addition, the people who are taking Y2K most
seriously are not laypeople or neophytes - they are specialized technicians
who approach the situation with a sophisticated understanding of society's
hidden machinery. But if heightened technical awareness alone could explain
the apocalyptic conclusions drawn by the Y2K survivalists, then every
well-informed computer geek would be moving to the desert - and that
clearly isn't happening. With so many intertwined variables to consider,
logic inevitably takes a back seat to subjective intuition - a personal
sense of security that extends from the microcosm of a single computer
program to the macrocosm of modern society. Ultimately it all comes down to
 But this, too, sets the Y2K survivalists apart. True millennialism is
rooted in faith - fundamentalist Christians may anticipate an apocalypse,
but they optimistically expect it to be followed by 1,000 years of
celestial rule. Y2K survivalism, on the other hand, doesn't concern itself
with redemption. It is antimillennial - the polar opposite of
techno-millennial movements like the Extropians who see technology as the
stairway to a higher plane. (See "Meet the Extropians," Wired 2.10, page
 "All this suggests that you don't have to be a religious fanatic, a
Christian fundamentalist, or a ufologist to believe that our world may be
in trouble - that there's something serious afoot in our nation and our
world," Lamy adds. "The Y2K problem is overlapping with other survivalist
movements, and like them it shares a kind of a fatalistic vision of the
 Three weeks have passed since Scott Olmsted put the carpet installers to
work in his retreat. The carpet is in now, and he's turned his attention to
other details, like night-vision equipment - his property is on high
ground, and with the right hardware he could scan most of the valley from
his backyard. He's also thinking of getting laser eye surgery so that he
won't be dependent on contact lenses after 2000. It never seems to end.
"Once you take the first steps to prepare, you basically admit that this is
big enough to do something about. And then you realize you should be doing
 Scott has turned his back on denial - the blind faith that allows people
to live normal lives in the face of staggering complexity, risk, and
uncertainty. Instead, he's chosen to acknowledge his own vulnerability. As
he describes it, "I've always known that the economy is complex and that we
live on the end of a long chain of ships, planes, and 18-wheelers." Scott
sees how the Y2K bug could disrupt that chain, and like other resolute
souls - environmental activists, antiabortion protesters, and corporate
whistle-blowers to name a few - he, too, has been driven to act by the
clarity and intensity of his vision. The rest of us may be content without
quite so much awareness, but embracing the Bug has actually made Scott feel
better. "I know one guy who started taking Prozac when his denial fell
away," he says. "Taking action - doing something - really gets you out of
 Scott admits there isn't enough evidence to prove he's right. But, he
insists, that's not the way to look at it. "There's not nearly enough
evidence pointing the other way to make me abandon my preparations," he
says. In a way, he's managed to optimize the Y2K problem - even if the new
millennium dawns without incident, his efforts will have yielded a supply
of inexpensive food, a new collection of practical skills, and a nice
vacation home in the country. It's an eminently logical win-win, and Scott
has taken comfort in that. "I'm not waiting until the ground is shaking to
prepare for the Y2K earthquake," he muses. "I'm going to be ready for an
8.5. I may look foolish if it turns out to be minor, but that's OK. That's
the nature of decisionmaking under uncertainty."
 Kevin Poulsen is a columnist for ZDTV.com .
 America Offline
 ( Inside the Great Blackout of '00 )
 "Most of the nation's power systems must be compliant, or they all go
down, region by region, in one gigantic, rolling blackout," warns Gary
North, keeper of the oldest, most notorious Y2K doomsday site on the Web.
If the lights go out at the dawn of the 21st century, North believes the
failure will be permanent, because the computers that control the grid will
be unfixable if there isn't power to run them. Thereafter, he argues, the
blackout will trigger the collapse of civilization.
 The North American grid is vulnerable to simultaneous failures. Generating
facilities in the US, Canada, and Mexico jointly move power through
high-tension lines that distribute electricity through four regional
interconnections. Within each region, if one facility goes offline, the
others compensate to pick up the slack. But there's not much spare capacity
built into the system; the North American Electric Reliability Council, a
group that is drawing up a timetable of Y2K fixes for the Department of
Energy, admits that if multiple generating facilities fail in one region,
this "may result in stressing the electric system to the point of a
cascading outage over a large area."
 This is how it could happen: A power station is equipped with safety
systems that deactivate steam boilers if they aren't maintained frequently.
Suppose maintenance was last performed in 1999, which an embedded chip
recorded as "99." Now it's the year 2000, so the chip subtracts the old
year, 99, from the new year, 00, and finds, amazingly, that maintenance was
last performed -99 years ago. Clearly this is an error, so the chip shuts
down all the boilers, just to be safe.
 Meanwhile, at another power station, a temperature sensor attached to a
transformer averages its readings over time. On January 1, 2000, the sensor
divides temperature by the year - which is expressed as "00" - and comes up
with an infinite value, triggering another shutdown signal. If small faults
like these knock out a half dozen facilities, the rest will go offline to
protect generators from burning out in a hopeless effort to meet the
growing demand.
 The distribution grid also has weak points. "We have at least 800
different types of embedded controls on the wires," explains Gary Steeves,
director of a Y2K project at TransAlta Utilities, the largest
investor-owned power company in Canada. "Some of the protective devices log
dates of faults in activity and can automatically take a component out of
service." If the same controller has been installed in thousands of remote
locations, and the chips share the same Y2K bug, they'll all fail
 Most US power utilities refuse to comment on the likelihood of these
disasters, fearing litigation if they offer reassurances that turn out to
be wrong.
 Tim Wilson, publisher of Y2k News, worries about the nearly 9,000 small
regional companies that pull power off the grid at the local level.
"They're clueless as to what to do about Y2K," says Wilson. "They know they
have embedded chips, but they don't know where they are. If there's a power
shortage, rural areas may not be allowed to take power off the grid,
because cities could have a higher priority."
 This suggests an ironic scenario: Remote areas may remain dark for weeks
or months after January 1, 2000, leaving Y2K survivalists waiting in their
isolated cabins for the lights to come back on - while complacent urban
dwellers enjoy uninterrupted service.
 - Charles Platt
Copyright (c) 1993-98 The Cond Nast Publications Inc. All rights reserved.
Compilation Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-08 10:02:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
I've got an idea. Go read Halverstam's "The Best and the Brightest", Jim,
and then tell me what bar I did my research in.
Cheers :-),
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-09 13:17:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: wired on y2k 
Being 3k feet above the floor of the Rio Grande Valley will kinda do that
to ya...
I prefer northeast Lincoln County, myself...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-10 14:40:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Dave Barry:  "Funny Money" 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Miami Herald
Published Friday, September 4, 1998, in the Miami Herald
Funny Money  By DAVE BARRY
 Recently I received a press release from the U.S. Treasury Department.
Naturally my first move was to verify, via chemical analysis, that it was
genuine. There has been a sharp increase in the number of counterfeit
Treasury Department press releases, as an embarrassed CNN found out last
month when it reported, incorrectly, that Federal Reserve Board Chairman
Alan Greenspan does all the voices on the popular cartoon show South Park.
(In fact, he does only Kenny and Mr. Hankey.)
 But this particular press release turned out to be authentic; it announced
that, this fall, we'll be seeing a new, redesigned $20 bill. This is part
of an anti-counterfeiting program to redesign all of our old currency,
which has become too easy to duplicate with modern color photocopiers -- a
fact that was made all too clear when the Xerox Corp., in its 1997 annual
report, reported profits of ``$850 trillion, mostly in 50s.''
 Why does counterfeit money represent a threat to the nation? And how can
we, as consumers, be sure that we have spelled ``counterfeit'' correctly?
To answer these questions, we need to understand exactly what money is, and
what makes it valuable.
 Back in ancient times, when people were much stupider than they are today,
there was no such thing as money. People transacted business by trading
actual, physical things. For example, if you sold a cow, the buyer would
pay for it by giving you, say, 14 physical ducks. Even in those days, that
was a lot of ducks to be carrying around, and the bank wouldn't let you
deposit them, because they fought with the chickens. Also the automatic
teller machines were disgusting.
 Finally, the ancient Egyptians got sick of this and invented the first
unit of paper currency, called the `simoleon.'' The way the Egyptians
explained the concept to their trading partners was: ``For your
convenience, we're going to start paying you with these pieces of paper,
which are valuable because they have a picture of Ulysses Grant.'' The
trading partners were not crazy about this concept, but they went along
with it, because the Egyptians had also invented spears.
 Today, the basic principle remains the same: We trust money because our
government stands behind it. A counterfeit $20 bill is a worthless piece of
paper backed by nothing; whereas a real $20 bill, issued by the Treasury
Department, has value, because any time you want, you can take it to Fort
Knox, site of the federal gold bullion depository, and exchange it, no
questions asked, for a duck. Try it yourself! If they give you any trouble,
mention my name, Art Buchwald.
 But the point is that, starting this fall, you're going to start seeing a
drastically redesigned $20 bill. Among the major changes are:
 -- To thwart would-be photocopiers, instead of saying ``TWENTY DOLLARS,''
the new $20 bills say ``FIFTEEN DOLLARS.''
 -- The Nike swoosh has been enlarged.
 -- The engraved portrait of Andrew Jackson has been given a new,
up-to-date hairstyle, patterned, according to the Treasury Department press
release, ``after Barry Manilow.'' President Jackson also has been given a
vivacious new facial expression that seems to say: ``I am looking good, and
I am READY TO PARTY with the engraved portraits on other currency
 -- On the back of the bill, in the engraving of the White House, on the
far right-hand side, in the engraved shrubbery, is a tiny crouching
engraving of Kenneth Starr.
 -- For verification purposes, the new bill is impregnated with plutonium
particles that emit a distinctive pattern of atomic radiation. ``This poses
absolutely no health danger whatsoever to humans,'' notes the Treasury
Department press release, which adds: ``Do not ever put the bill in your
 These improvements, plus the top-secret ``auto-detonate'' feature that I
am not allowed to mention in this column, will make the new $20 bill --
which is costing the government $348.50 per unit to manufacture -- the most
advanced anti-counterfeit currency in the world. But the whole effort will
be wasted unless you, the consumer, do your part by keeping a sharp eye out
for ``funny money.''
 The Treasury Department is asking that you regularly inspect all of your
bills, of all denominations. If you notice anything suspicious -- according
to the press release, this especially means ``foreign words, men in wigs,
strings of numbers, a greenish coloring or some kind of weird eyeball
floating over a pyramid'' -- you should immediately put the suspect bills
into an envelope and mail them to: The U.S. Treasury Department
Anti-Counterfeit Task Force, c/o Dave Barry, The Miami Herald, Miami, Fla.
33132. Please help. Only by joining together to fight this thing can we, as
a nation, buy me a giant mansion with servants and a lake. It will have
ducks. Thank you.
 Copyright (c) 1998 The Miami Herald
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-10 14:56:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Burning the Jolly Roger; Internet Anti-Piracy Technology 
X-Sender: rah
        Terry Symula , "Heffan, Ira" Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
             The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                          Presents
                       Peter Cassidy
                          Founder,
                     TriArche Research
                  Burning the Jolly Roger:
         Can Anti-Piracy Technologies Make the Internet
            a Shrinkage-Free Commercial Platform?
                    Tuesday, October 6, 1998
                           12 - 2 PM
              The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
                One Federal Street, Boston, MA
For most of this century, the fusion of intellectual property and media
was enough to ensure that its owners could reasonably be expected to
profit from its consumption.  Most people didn't have the means to lift
Ella Fitzgerald's music from her records, so fans of her music would
actually have to go out and buy her records.  Today, a high proportion of
ordinary households have the technical capacity at hand to take
recordings, visual or audio artifacts and executables, digitize them if
need be, and transmit it to millions of people overnight over the
Internet.  This state of affairs could signal the demise of the software
and entertainment industries.  Evolving almost as quickly as the
interlopers' sophistication in aquiring and distributing ill-gained wares,
however, are technical solutions to foil pirates, technologies of varying
potency and adaptability.
prevent unauthorized use of software have been drafted by the X/Open Group
this summer; watermarking systems and digital wrappers that allow
creatives to either mark or encapsulate images and sounds to frustrate
infringers have been on the market for the past few years; comprehensive
smart wrapper systems like InterTrust and C-dilla promise persistent
protection for all digital artifacts; and at least one system TriArche
Research Group has reviewed under NDA can prevent the most all
non-photographic copying of content presented in a Web browser.
Meanwhile, policing technologies like Online Monitoring Service's
WebSentry can locate pirated intellectual property on the Web and in
Usenet news groups.  None of these technologies are perfect but, as they
mature, they will make it far more difficult for infringers to take
control of intellectual property and to share it with their
contemporaries.  The Web might never lower its shrinkage rate to that of,
say, Wal-Mart but merchants in this medium already have many of the tools
they need to clean up this digital Barbary Coast.
Peter Cassidy is an IT industry writer and analyst at large:  Mr. Cassidy,
director of research at his own firm, TriArche Research Group, has engaged
consulting clients in North America and the Middle East.  As well, Mr.
Cassidy contracts as an information technology analyst with other
industrial research firms, researching topics as varied as network
security, multimedia applications and international telephony markets,
among them, Strategy Analytics, Giga Information Group, Decision
Resources, Dataquest, Business Research Group, The American Institute for
Business Research and CI-InfoCorp.  Mr. Cassidy writes under his own name
for international business publications and general readership magazines
such as  WIRED, Covert Action Quarterly, InformationWeek, CIO Magazine,
The Economist, Forbes ASAP, Software Developer & Publisher Magazine,
Silicon Strategies, The Texas Observer, The Progressive, Telepath
Magazine, American Banker, Datamation, Computerworld, World Trade
Magazine, and the National Security Institute Advisory.  Mr. Cassidy has
been interviewed about technology issues on several broadcast radio
programs in the United States and, appropriately enough, on C|Net Radio,
an international Internet-based audio network. His reportage on national
political affairs has been reprinted in college text books and
anthologies. He has also contracted as a consultant to syndicated
television magazine programs in the United States and Britain.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, October 6, 1998, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of
the Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch
is $32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware,
and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code:
jackets and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate
business attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since
we purchase these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the
price of your lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we
*really* know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of
Boston", by Saturday, October 3rd, or you won't be on the list for
lunch.  Checks payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston
will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The
Harvard Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your
e-mail address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements
(We've had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for
instance), please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work
something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
November   Dan Geer       TBA
December   Joseph DeFeo   TBA
January    Ira Heffan     Internet Software and Business Process Patents
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston
on the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston,
send "info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail
list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-10 21:35:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: radio net 
Hey, guys,
Someone here already said it, but nobody else got it, so I'll repeat it:
SSB, or Single Sideband. It's commercial ham radio, if you will, and all
the ships use it. I expect that you can shove anything down an SSB set that
you want, including encrypted traffic.
Ham radio is a government nerd subsidy, and as such, doesn't do much but
make more government funded/sactioned/approved/whatever nerds. :-).
SSB would do just fine. It's an international standard, after all, and
probably not under the control of any one government, even.e
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-11 06:47:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: radio net 
Yeah, but there are SSB radios, with the same range as ham radios, which
are, or should be, completely legal to do encryption on, among other
commercial things.
That was my point.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-12 10:44:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: [Fwd: new threat to privacy] 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-ROUTED: Sat, 12 Sep 1998 10:35:58 -0500
X-TCP-IDENTITY: Bucsplace
Precedence: list
Reply-To: oldbat Newsgroups: misc.survivalism
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
NNTP-Posting-Host: user-37kbbqr.dialup.mindspring.com
X-Server-Date: 10 Sep 1998 20:14:01 GMT
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.0518.4
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.0518.4
There is another powerful tool for surreptitiously intercepting
data, but it is only available to law enforcement and the
military. Called DIRT (Data Interception and Remote
Transmission), it was released in June by Codex Data Systems.
Investigators need only know your e-mail address to secretly
install the program. Once they do, investigators can read your
documents, view your images, download your files and intercept
your encryption keys. DIRT was developed to assist law
enforcement in pedophilia investigations, but future uses could
include drug investigations, money laundering cases and
information warfare.
- -
Bill Prince | Orlando, Florida |
Linuxori te salutamus!
Take out the SPAM to email me!
- -
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-13 07:15:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: radio net 
I don't think so.
I know what Single Sideband means. As I've said before, and what you failed
to read later on in this thread, evidently, is that there are commercial
Single Sideband radios out there which have the range of ham sets. These
radios are used for commercial ship-to-shore traffic, and I expect that
encryption is legal on them. I expect that, because these frequencies are
subject to international convention rather than federal law, they have more
leeway (heh... nautical pun) on their use. Including, I bet, digital
packets and encryption.
My understanding is that Ryan's looking for some kind of post-infocalyptic
radio network for when it All Falls Down Sometime Soon (tm). I expect that
in that event, Ham would be fine, because there is no, as Mr. Gore likes to
say, controlling legal authority, to worry about. But, to put up and test a
network, commercial SSB would do just fine. And, of course, After The Big
One, what kind of long-distance shortwave radio you run it on will be
superfluous, ham, SSB or no.
Right, so (he says for the third time), why not just order a commerial
ship-to-shore SSB rig, something which costs within an order of magnitude,
plus or minus, of a Ham set, and go play?
Right. If we had some, um, ham, we could have some ham and eggs. If we had
some eggs.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-13 13:19:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: radio net 
If I remember correctly, this is escrowed encryption using code
books deposited with the appropriate authorities.
--- end forwarded text
*That* sucks... I wonder who the "appropriate authorities" are?
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-13 13:18:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The Empire Strikes Back (was IP: Army Tests Land Warrior for 21stCentury Soldiers) 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Department of Defense
NOTE: Website includes three photographs of device in use. No mention of
whether the computerized software in the device, of the GPS link and its
satellites are Y2K compliant.
Army Tests Land Warrior for 21st Century Soldiers
 By Jim Garamone
 American Forces Press Service
FORT BELVOIR, Va. -- American soldiers and Marines are already among the
most deadly in the world, but a system called Land  Warrior will soon make
them unmatched.
 Land Warrior integrates small arms with high-tech equipment enabling
ground forces to deploy, fight and win on the battlefields of the 21st
 "Land Warrior soldiers fight as a system, and the most important part of
the system is what's between his ears," said Army Lt. Col. Robert Serino,
Land Warrior product manager.
 Land Warrior came about in 1991 when an Army study group recommended the
service look at the soldier as a complete weapon system. The first priority
in Land Warrior is lethality. The second is survivability and the third,
command and control. The program will cost $2 billion when 45,000 sets of
the equipment are fielded between 2001-2014. The Marine Corps, Air Force
and many foreign countries are interested in the system.
 "First and foremost, Land Warrior is a fighting system," Serino said. Land
Warrior has several subsystems: the weapon, integrated helmet assembly,
protective clothing and individual equipment, computer/radio, and software.
 The weapon subsystem is built around the M-16/M-4 modular carbine. It has
a laser range finder/digital compass, a daylight video camera, a laser
aiming light and a thermal sight.
 "This system will allow infantrymen to operate in all types of weather and
at night," Serino said. In conjunction with other components, a soldier can
even shoot around corners without exposing himself to enemy fire.
 The integrated helmet assembly is lighter and more comfortable than
today's helmet, Serino said. It has a helmet-mounted monocular day display,
a night sensor with flat panel display, a laser detection module,
ballistic/laser eye protection, a microphone and a headset.
 The protective clothing and individual equipment subsystem incorporates
modular body armor and upgrade plates that can stop small-arms rounds fired
point-blank. It includes an integrated load-bearing frame,
chemical/biological protective garments and modular rucksack.
 The infantryman will attach the computer/radio subsystem to his
load-bearing frame. Over this goes the rucksack for personal gear. The
computer processor is fused with radios and a Global Positioning System
locator. A hand grip wired to the pack and attached to the soldier's chest
acts as a computer mouse and also allows the wearer to change screens, key
on the radio, change frequencies and send digital information.
 The subsystem comes in two flavors: The leader version has two radios and
a flat panel display/keyboard, and soldiers have one radio. With the
equipment, leaders and soldiers can exchange information. Soldiers using
their weapon-mounted camera, for example, can send videos to their leaders.
 Finally, the software subsystem includes tactical and mission support
modules, maps and tactical overlays, and the ability to capture and display
video images. The system also contains a power management module. Designers
set up the system so it can be updated as technology improves.
 The soldiers who will actually use Land Warrior have been consulted every
step of the way. Prime contractor Raytheon worked with experts at the U.S.
Army Infantry Center at Fort Benning, Ga., in designing the system. They
have taken the system to the users to ensure the system is headed in the
right direction.
 For instance, Serino said, "The rucksack has quick-release straps so an
infantryman can just drop it if the need arises. This is what our soldiers
asked for -- which is really great."
 One problem the Army must overcome before fielding is power. Current
batteries last about 150 minutes with all systems running. "Clearly
soldiers won't have all systems running all the time, but this is still not
acceptable," said Serino. Other batteries under development by the Army's
Communications-Electronics Command may push the time up to 30 hours.
 The Army plans to test the Land Warrior system with a platoon from the
82nd Airborne Division, Fort Campbell, Ky. Later, a battalion-sized test is
planned, Serino said.
 "Ultimately, soldiers will define the end state of Land Warrior -- and
we'll know more every time the soldiers employ the system," he said. "We'll
get the system up to a certain point, then the soldiers will be the people
who say how far it can really go."
 ---------
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-14 12:12:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: All Fall Down... 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Washington Times
Starr continues Whitewater investigation
 By Jerry Seper
 THE WASHINGTON TIMES
Kenneth W. Starr's case for impeaching President Clinton
 is only the first public accounting in a massive ongoing
 investigation --contrary to White House claims that the
 Whitewater probe is dead.
"All phases of the investigation are now nearing
 completion," the 445-page report says.
The independent counsel "will soon make final decisions
 about what steps to take, if any, with respect to the other
 information it has gathered."
While it was Mr. Starr's "strong desire" to complete the
 entire Whitewater inquiry before giving any information to
 Congress, the report said, it "became apparent" there was
 "substantial and credible information" of impeachable offenses
 and he was required under the law to refer the information to
 Congress as soon as possible.
"It also became apparent that a delay of this referral until the
 evidence from all phases of the investigation had been
 evaluated would be unwise," the report said.
Mr. Starr will soon make decisions on final reports to a
 three-judge panel of the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the
 D.C. Circuit and possible indictments, the report added.
Mr. Clinton's personal attorney, David E. Kendall, attacked
 the Monica Lewinsky report this week as a
 "hit-and-run smear campaign," saying it was nothing but an
 attempt to damage the president with "irrelevant and
 unnecessary graphic and salacious allegations." He asked,
 "Where's Whitewater?"
But the report's introduction notes that Mr. Starr's four-year
 Whitewater probe, all but forgotten in the crush of sordid
 public revelations of Mr. Clinton's sexual dalliances with the
 former White House intern, continues to target a number of
 areas:
Legal representation of a failed Arkansas thrift, Madison
Guaranty Savings and Loan Association, and a real
estate project, Castle Grande, by first lady Hillary
Rodham Clinton and former Rose Law Firm partner
Webster L. Hubbell, the ex-associate attorney general
who resigned in disgrace.
The firing of seven White House travel office employees
to make room for Clinton cronies, and the role Mrs.
Clinton may have played in the decision.
The delivery to the White House of more than 1,000
secret FBI files on Reagan and Bush administration
aides, and efforts to shield White House officials,
including Mrs. Clinton, from a public accounting on how
the files were obtained and used.
The misuse of personnel records of Pentagon employee
Linda R. Tripp, whose secret recordings of
conversations with Miss Lewinsky began the grand jury
Possible perjury and obstruction of justice concerning an
incident involving former White House volunteer
Kathleen E. Willey. Mrs. Willey said in August 1997
that Mr. Clinton made sexual advances in the Oval
Office in November 1993.
The Starr report to Congress said Miss Lewinsky told the
 president Newsweek was working on an article about Mrs.
 Willey. Mr. Clinton dismissed the accusations as "ludicrous,
 because he would never approach a small-breasted woman
 like Mrs. Willey." Later he asked Miss Lewinsky if she had
 heard about the Newsweek inquiry from Mrs. Tripp, to which
 she replied "yes."
The former intern said Mr. Clinton asked if Mrs. Tripp
 could be trusted and then told her to persuade Mrs. Tripp to
 call White House Deputy Counsel Bruce R. Lindsey about the
 matter. Newsweek published the Willey story on Aug. 11,
 1997. In his Jan. 17 deposition in the Paula Jones case, Mr.
 Clinton denied the Willey accusation.
The Starr probe also is looking into accusations that efforts
 were made to silence Mrs. Willey. Among those drawing
 attention is Democratic fund-raiser Nathan Landow.
 Investigators want to know if he urged Mrs. Willey to deny she
 was groped by the president. Mrs. Willey has since testified
 before the Lewinsky grand jury as a cooperating witness.
Mr. Landow testified before the grand jury, later telling
 reporters he took the Fifth Amendment. His daughter, former
 White House volunteer Harolyn Cardozo, who worked with
 Mrs. Willey, also testified.
In "Travelgate" and "Filegate," papers filed earlier this month
 in federal court in Washington show the investigations "are
 continuing and in extremely sensitive stages." Deputy
 independent counsel Robert Bittman told the court the probes
 had reached to the "highest level of the federal government"
 and involved "issues of singular constitutional and historic
 importance."
The Whitewater probe also is examining whether Mr.
 Hubbell hid his involvement and that of Mrs. Clinton with
 Castle Grande, a real estate project south of Little Rock, Ark.
In September 1996, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.
 said Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Hubbell drafted legal papers that
 Madison used to deceive bank examiners and divert $300,000
 to Mr. Hubbell's father-in-law, Seth Ward. The report said the
 papers "facilitated the payment of substantial commissions to
 Mr. Ward, who acted as a straw buyer" in Castle Grande. A
 straw buyer is one who owns property in name only, having
 never put up any money or assumed any risk.
The FDIC said the Ward payments were in violation of
 federal regulations. The report did not accuse Mrs. Clinton or
 Mr. Hubbell of criminal wrongdoing, although it raised serious
 questions about their involvement in a deal that ultimately cost
 taxpayers $3.8 million when Castle Grande failed.
Prosecutors, the report to Congress said, immediately
 recognized parallels between the job help provided to Miss
 Lewinsky by Washington lawyer Vernon E. Jordan Jr., a
 longtime Clinton friend, and "his earlier relationship" with Mr.
 Hubbell, sentenced in 1994 to prison for stealing $420,000
 from his Rose Law Firm partners. By late 1997, Mr. Starr had
 evidence Mr. Jordan helped Mr. Hubbell obtain consulting
 contracts after he agreed to cooperate in the Whitewater
 probe.
In 1994, Mr. Hubbell was paid $450,010 by 17 different
 persons or entities as a consultant and $91,750 in 1995,
 despite beginning a 28-month prison term in August of that
 year. He has yet to explain what work he did for the cash.
Some of the payments came from MacAndrews & Forbes
 Holding Co. in New York after he was introduced to the firm's
 executives by Mr. Jordan, a director of Revlon Inc. The
 cosmetics firm, controlled by MacAndrews & Forbes, also
 offered a job to Miss Lewinsky based on Mr. Jordan's
 recommendations.
With regard to Mrs. Tripp's personnel records, Mr. Starr
 has been investigating if they were illegally released in an effort
 to tarnish her reputation in the Lewinsky probe. Assistant
 Defense Secretary Kenneth Bacon approved the release to a
 reporter for the New Yorker magazine. The records show
 Mrs. Tripp was detained by police as a teen-ager 29 years ago
 and had not noted the arrest in her 1987 security clearance
 form.
The arrest later was shown to have been a teen-age prank,
 in which she pleaded guilty to a reduced charge of loitering.
Former White House Deputy Chief of Staff Harold Ickes
 was questioned about the documents by the grand jury. Mr.
 Bacon also testified in the case.
 In our Investigative Section, a history of the Whitewater
 investigation.
Copyright (c) 1998 News World Communications, Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-14 18:06:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: A CLINTON DIRTY BOOK STORY 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: softwar (CharlesSmith)
In late 1994 the U.S. State Department denied Phil Karn his
request to export a PC disk.  Mr. Karn already had sold the
book, APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY written by Bruce Schneier, without
restriction.  Mr. Karn also included a disk of text source code
(in human readable format) that was also printed in the book.
The book and the disk were freely sold, with no checks, in
retail American bookstores.  According to the Clinton
administration, Karn's disk was a threat to national security.
Newly released documents from the State Department, written in
November 1994, shows the White House National Security Council
(NSC) directly approved the decision to deny Karn's request
while allowing the export of military encryption to China.
The document, a letter written by Wendy Sherman, State
Department Assistant Secretary of Legislative Affairs, to then
Congresswoman Maria Cantwell (D WA) was provided to Bill
Clements of the NSC for White House approval.  In addition, the
document includes a fax on Karn's export problem titled "TO:
Pres. Clinton".  Ordie Kittrie, the State Department Attorney
for Political-Military Affairs, wrote "Attached is draft
response to Rep. Cantwell ie Karn encryption disk...  Please
provide me with any comments by noon Friday, November 18."
"The decision that controls should continue was based on several
consideration," wrote Ms. Sherman.  "The administration will
continue to restrict export of sophisticated encryption devices,
both to preserve our own foreign intelligence gathering
capability and because of the concerns of our allies who fear
that strong encryption technology would inhibit their law
enforcement capabilities.  One result of the interagency review
of Mr. Karn's disk was a determination that the source code on
it is of such a strategic level as to warrant continued State
Department licensing."
Of course, any criminal or terrorist could simply purchase the
book and key the code in.  A slightly richer criminal could even
use an Optical Scanner (OCR) and convert the pages directly into
readable source code in less time.  Even a secret Commerce
briefing document from a 1996 meeting with Janet Reno openly
admits the futile nature of trying to restrict PC diskette or
software export.  "Lost in the debate," states the secret 1996
Commerce Department document.  "But not irrelevant, is the fact
that it is virtually impossible to enforce export control's
against them when they can be exported by phone and modem or/in
someone's pocket."
At first the Clinton encryption policy seems absurd or simply
driven by bureaucratic red tape.  Alas, nothing is further from
the truth.  The policy was used as a means to extort donations
for the DNC or by Clinton insiders bent on making big bucks.
The Chinese Army was not interested in PC programs or diskettes
their agents could buy openly in a retail bookstore.  The PLA
under the Clinton administration has been in the business of
acquiring commercial applications of "Defense" technology.  For
example, in November 1994 Motorola employee and former Clinton
White House NSC member Richard Barth began his successful
request to sell encrypted radios and cellular phones to the
Chinese Police.
Motorola's Barth wrote to Theodore McNamara Assistant Secretary
of State on November 23, 1994.  "This is to request that your
office initiate action to obtain a waiver from requirement for
individual export license notifications to Congress for wireless
mobile communications systems containing encryption for China.
Such a waiver was issued by the President in September of this
year for civilian satellite systems and encrypted products for
use by American firms operating in China."
According to Barth, a high-tech trade war had erupted between
the U.S. and Britain.  "European firms," wrote Barth.
"Including Nokia, Ericsson, Alcatel and Siemens, have for a
number of months been able to market and sell GSM cellular
systems with A5-2 encryption in China as a result of a decision
taken by the UK intelligence agency, GCHQ."
By July 1995, the CEO of Motorola, Gary Tooker, wrote a personal
note to Ron Brown, expressing his gratitude for Clinton's
signature approving encryption exports.  "I am writing to thank
you," wrote Tooker to Brown.  "And some key members of the
Commerce Department for your assistance in obtaining the
Presidential waiver for encryption export sales to China."
The Motorola saga of Barth is not the only example of Bill
Clinton's two-faced policy on high-tech exports.  In fact,
President Clinton personally authorized the transfer of an
encrypted air traffic control system to the Chinese Air Force.
It is this particular export which illustrates the difference
between military encryption and civilian, such as Karn's disk of
PC programs.
The Chinese Air Force runs the civilian air control in their
country.  The U.S. built air traffic system is not only run by
PLAAF officers but it is also plugged directly into their air
defense.  According to the recent GAO testimony on Clinton
waivers "Waivers were also granted to permit the export of
encryption equipment controlled on the Munitions List.  One case
involved a $4.3-million communications export to China's Air
Not only are Chinese fighters and missiles more effective thanks
to Bill Clinton but China has also exported a modified version
of the U.S. system to Iraq.  The Chinese version, called "Tiger
Song", includes U.S. and French made parts.  The Tiger Song
system allows Iraq to track and target U.S. fighters using a
high speed, secure, fiber optic command network.
All radars in Iraq, civilian and military, are now linked
together into Tiger Song.  Iraqi missiles and military radars
are also now playing a giant shell game with U.S. air forces,
using pre-built camouflaged sites wired with hidden fiber optic
cables, scattered all over the country.
Another military example of Clinton crypto export controls is
the sales of Hughes, Motorola, and Loral satellites to the
Chinese military.  The satellites were sold complete with
on-board secure telemetry systems hardened to absorb the intense
radiation of space - something that can be directly applied to
nuclear weapons.  The satellites exported to China in question
were so classified that whole sections of Federal law, the U.S.
Munitions List, were deleted or waived by Bill Clinton.
The claims made by Bernard Schwartz and Loral that they did not
knowingly export military technology to China contradicts the
official briefing documents given to Ron Brown in 1994.  One
Loral document obtained from the files of Ron Brown, labeled
"for Secy. Brown", has a page titled "Commercial Applications Of
DoD Technology".  This document lists "Intelsat", "Cellular -
Globalstar" and "Direct Broadcast Satellite" technology along
with a variety of other products developed from "DoD" projects.
Thus, Loral knowingly exported systems they developed for the
U.S. military to China.
Did Mr. Clinton consult with U.S. allies prior to allowing top
DNC donors export rights to military gear?  According to
Motorola, the staunchest U.S. ally, Great Britain, was an
economic adversary.  Clearly, the strategic concerns of South
Korea, Japan and the Philippines were never considered.  Under
Bill Clinton our allies from the Cold War were competitors in a
economic war for money.
Furthermore, in September 1998 FBI Director Freeh testified
before the Senate Committee on Terrorism.  As predicted, Freeh
pushed the "Bin Ladden" terrorism button while requesting a ban
on domestic PC encryption programs.  The use of encryption by so
called terrorist organizations is balanced by the use of the
same technology by law abiding citizens to protect themselves
from criminals.  The fact that Bin Ladden is armed with
encryption comes as no surprise since he was, after all, trained
by the CIA to fight the Soviets in Afghanistan.  Once a freedom
fighter and now a terrorist.
One similar historic example to Bin Ladden is "VULA".  In the
1980s the South African National Congress (ANC) used encryption
in a project called "VULA" to defeat the apartheid government.
Vula included illegal exports from europe, Soviet training and
home built software.  Vula was successful and the ANC ultimately
won their long war.  Once a terrorist now a freedom fighter.
These facts are not unknown to the Clinton administration.  In
November 1993 TOP Secret document prepared for President Clinton
openly admitted the futility of any government-imposed ban.
According to "IMPACTS OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND ENCRYPTION
TECHNOLOGY ON LAW ENFORCEMENT AND INTELLIGENCE COLLECTION:
ASSESSMENT, OPTIONS, AND RECOMMENDATIONS" a ban would "either
(1) discourage criminals from using encryption because they
realized that most products did not provide protection from
wiretaps, or (2) encourage criminals to acquire strong
encryption technology, whether commercial or home made."
Obviously, the administration will not start banning books so
the "home made" option will always apply.  The FBI Director
seems to have forgotten common sense along with the law.  He
certainly has remained silent while the Chinese Army purchased
military encryption systems from his boss.  Freeh, however, has
also remained adamant that crack-pot export restrictions on
printed text must remain.
Mr. Freeh also overlooked one final historical example of a so
called revolutionary type group using encryption and the FBI
Director can thank his job for it.  In April 1775 Paul Revere
read a coded light signal from a Church tower and rode into
history.  The King's men did not intercept nor decode that
message.  The battle of Concord took place and the first shots
of our own revolution were fired.
source documents  -
Clinton NSC/State Crypto Book Disk Export
LORAL Commercial Applications of DOD Tech
TOP SECRET "Impacts of Encryption"
ANC Operation VULA - Freedom Fighers Use Crypto
1995 MOTOROLA Tooker To Warren Christopher For Crypto To China
July 1995 MOTOROLA Thank You For Encryption Export To Ron Brown
Feb. 1995 MOTOROLA To Ron Brown - Human Rights and Crypto
March 1995 MOTOROLA - Encrypted Radios/Iridium For China
Richard Barth 1994 Secret Letters Email
Richard Barth 1993 Secret White House Email
GAO REPORT - ARMS FOR CHINA - CRYPTO FOR CHINA
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR               softwar
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
SOFTWAR EMAIL NEWSLETTER                            09/07/1998
***  to unsubscribe reply with "unsubscribe" as subject    ***
**COPYRIGHT NOTICE** In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, any
copyrighted work in this message is distributed under fair use without
profit or payment to those who have expressed a prior interest in
receiving the included information for non-profit research and
educational purposes only.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-15 06:30:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Critics Pick Apart Study on Internet and Depression 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  New York Times
September 14, 1998
TECHNOLOGY COLUMN
Critics Pick Apart Study on Internet and Depression
By DENISE CARUSO
Robert Kraut, co-author of a new study linking depression with Internet
use, sounded a bit depressed himself last week.
"I thought I was finished with this," Kraut, a professor of social
psychology and human-computer interaction at Carnegie Mellon University,
said with a sigh. He was alluding to the flood of attention -- and
criticism -- that his study, titled "Home Net," had received since it was
published two weeks ago.
Starting in 1995, "Home Net" researchers gave PCs and free Internet
accounts to 169 people in 73 families in the Pittsburgh area. After
monitoring their online behavior, in some cases for more than two years,
the researchers concluded that spending time on the Internet was associated
with statistically significant increases in depression and loneliness.
Critics assert that the study has fatal flaws that neutralize its findings
and that they are appalled at the authors' far-reaching conclusions about
the impact the findings might have on Internet policy and technology
Donna Hoffman, a Vanderbilt University professor and outspoken critic of
Internet research design, was unequivocal about the "Home Net" study.
"Speaking as an editor, if this had crossed my desk, I would have rejected
it," said Ms. Hoffman, who edits the journal Marketing Science. "The
mistakes are so bad that they render the results fairly close to
Among those mistakes, she said, were the absence of two standard
safeguards: a control group and random selection of subjects.
"With 'Home Net,' we don't know for sure what led to their results," Ms.
Hoffman said of the lack of a control group, "because we don't know what
happened to people who weren't using the Internet."
In addition, the study recruited people from high schools and community
service organizations, instead of selecting people randomly from a large
area. Random selection is crucial to building a truly representative sample
of a population -- in this case, residents of the United States.
The study found that one hour a week online led to small but measurable
increases in depression and loneliness and loss of friendships. While those
measurements might well be statistically significant, critics assert that
without a random sample, they are meaningless outside the group that was
"The assertions have no statistical relevance to any population of Internet
users beyond those in the study population -- even in principle," declared
Charles Brownstein, a former director at the National Science Foundation,
now an executive director at the Corporation for National Research
Initiatives in Reston, Va.
Although research studies do not always have to use control groups or
randomly chosen participants to be valid, Ms. Hoffman said, those
safeguards become imperative "when you're doing a study that claims causal
relationships and that these relationships hold in the larger population."
The "Home Net" team clearly made such claims. For example, the news release
stated that "Carnegie Mellon Study Reveals Negative Potential of Heavy
Internet Use on Emotional Well Being," and even suggested that
parents move PCs out of teen-agers' bedrooms and into shared family rooms.
Kraut was quoted extensively in the release, with such statements as, "We
were surprised to find that what is a social technology has such
anti-social consequences." Also: "Our results have clear implications for
further research on personal Internet use. As we understand the reasons for
the declines in social involvement, there will be implications for social
policies and for the design of Internet technology."
Last week, Kraut wearily defended his study. "In 1995, we did start with a
control group, but it was very hard to keep it, with little in the way of
incentives for them to continue to fill out questionnaires," he said. "And
we couldn't use a random sample because of the nature of the study's design

@_date: 1998-09-15 09:03:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: VP GORE'S CHINA SCANDAL 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: softwar (CharlesSmith)
According to Chinese General Sun Tzu "All war is based on
deception."  Tzu wrote those words over 2,000 years ago and his
first rule of war still applies today.
For example, a hidden November 1994 letter written by DNC donor
Sanford Robertson to President Clinton that clearly details the
sale of Commerce trade trips for campaign donations.  Robertson
was so bold as to include a telling "P.S." where he notes for
Clinton that "Bob Rubin" turned out the "Silicon Valley" at a
Robertson sponsored fundraiser that took in "$100,000" for
California Senator Feinstein.  Of course, neither Robertson nor
current Treasury Secretary Rubin expected that letter to be
In November 1995, Vice President Gore called Sanford Robertson
from the White House and asked for a $100,000 donation.  In
January 1996 Robertson obliged and kicked in $80,000 soft and
$20,000 in so-called "hard" donations to the Clinton/Gore
campaign.  The fact that Gore made the call from inside the
White House is the least of his legal problems.
In 1993 Clinton named Gore to head U.S. export policy for
encryption technology in a TOP SECRET order written by National
Security advisor Anthony Lake.  A 1996 secret memo on a secret
meeting of DCIA Deutch, FBI Director Freeh and Attorney General
Janet Reno states "The Vice President chairs the senior group
that set the Administration's encryption policy; since Februarcy
1994 it has been supported by a working group co-chaired by NSC,
and OMB, composed of NSA, CIA, FBI, State, Commerce (BXA, NIST),
and Justice."
In 1995 Sanford Robertson also had a big financial interest in
the U.S. computer security industry.  Robertson's investment
firm had hundreds of millions of dollars tied up in a
Massachusetts based computer company named Security Dynamics
Inc. (SDI).  Thus, in 1995 Gore had direct control of policy
that also affected Robertson financially.
Security Dynamics was able to import computer security hardware
manufactured in China.  SDI secured Hong Kong electronics maker
RJP Industries to produce electronic computer security cards for
sale in America.  The Chinese manufactured cards are sold to
major defense contractors, medical institutions and the U.S.
Hong Kong millionaire Raymond Hung also owns RJP.  Hung
manufactured the security cards in two factories leased directly
from the China National Electronics Import/Export Company
(CNEIEC), a business owned by the People's Liberation Army.
Thus, the computer security cards imported and sold here in the
U.S. were built on a Chinese Army assembly line.
Hung also owned a U.S. based company called Quorum International
that went bankrupt in 1996.  The company left millions in bad
debt in Arizona and California.  Yet, Hung was able to donate
over a million dollars to the Special Olympics, donate a temple
to communist China, and have his photo taken with Arnold
Schwarzenegger all only days before declaring bankruptcy.
Hung is also reported to have set up dozens of shell "front
companies" offshore.  These companies allegedly sell cheap
Chinese products imported by Hung who declares bankruptcy,
citing Chinese taxes on the imports.  Hung, of course, splits
the "taxes" with the Chinese government, and returns to America
to purchase hard assets such as real estate.  Despite all this
Hung remains un-investigated by the Clinton administration.
Hung's close working relationship with China and the Clinton
administration raises another question...  Could there be a
"secret" back door embedded in imported hardware or software,
waiting like a TROJAN HORSE, brought safely inside the secure
walls by a paying customer?  Could a hidden SNIFFER be hunting
down passwords, code keys and sensitive data?
"Absolutely," stated Info-warfare expert Winn Schwartau.  "I
call it 'pro-active' defense - you'll find it referenced in my
original book (Information Warfare)."
"Chips are made of silicon," explained Schwartau.  "If you buy
hardware the only way to tell exactly how it works is with a
destructive test.  You tear the chip apart, layer by layer.
This is not only difficult but expensive.  Can it happen?  Just
look at the multitude of hardware and software products
maintained outside of the United States.  How many of them are
'proprietary' designs that have never been viewed inside the
"It is possible," agreed Forrest Mimms, a leader in the U.S.
electronics engineering and well-known author.  Mimms is best
known to electronics hobbyists worldwide for his series of books
that populate Radio Shack.
"I would not be surprised to find a back door put in by the
Chinese government," stated Mimms.  "Go to Wal-Mart and you'll
find hundreds of commercial electronics products made by Chinese
government factories.  In fact, I would not be surprised to find
a back door put in by an independent [rouge or criminal]
"Yes.  It is always possible to slip a Trojan horse into
cryptography products, both hardware and software," stated Bruce
Schneier, President of Counterpane Systems and author of the
best selling book on computer security APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY.
"Unless the user takes the time to reverse-engineer the product
- - much easier to do in software than in hardware - - he is
essentially trusting that the manufacturer is behaving
honestly," stated Schneier.  "The NSA has been rumored to have
convinced several cryptography hardware companies world-wide to
install Trojan horses that effectively 'leak' secrets as the
hardware is used."
The Chinese Army, Sanford Robertson, Al Gore and Ron Brown
shared an interest in computer security technology.  California
based RSA Inc. is the only U.S. company that has ever been able
to secure any export deal on encryption with China.
Documentation held by the Commerce Department and taken by
former DNC fundraiser Ira Sockowitz shows that RSA was able to
obtain a trade deal with the Chinese government through a
Commerce sponsored trade conference to Beijing in October 1995.
In fact, both the Chairman of RSA, Jim Bidzos, and Ron Brown met
in October of 1995 with Madam Wu Yi, head of China's MOFTEC
(Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation).
Al Gore also had previous legal contact with RSA Inc. in 1994.
According RSA CEO James Bidzos, in March 1994 Gore sent
government lawyers to RSA in a failed effort to purchase patents
on encryption technology held by his company.  Curiously, the
envoy Gore selected to send was John Huang's boss, Commerce
Counsel Ginger Lew.  Even more curious is the fact that Lew
claimed to know nothing about encryption in her deposition for
Judicial Watch.
Her lack of computer security knowledge is puzzling because Lew
also possessed a 1994 document detailing penetrations of U.S.
government computers using "back-door" and "SNIFFER" programs
installed by unknown hackers.  The document was returned in
response to a Freedom of Information Request.  Ms. Lew currently
works at the Small Business Administration and has refused my
request for an interview.
In February 1996, only days after Robertson had kicked in his
$100,000 to the Clinton/Gore campaign, RSA announced the China
encryption export deal.  In April 1996, Robertson's Security
Dynamics Inc. bought RSA for $296 million above the stock value.
Robertson's investment firm was paid $2 million just to write
the merger document.  Thus, Robertson financially benefited from
the same company that Gore had previously engaged in secret
government negotiations.  Robertson gained $2 million for a
$100,000 investment in less than 90 days.
How deeply involved was Robertson with party officials?
Perhaps, the real question is which party?  Democrat or
Communist?  In an April 1994 letter Robertson reminded Brown of
scheduled money-raising events for the DNC and of his efforts
for DNC candidates.  "P.S." Robertson wrote to Brown.  "It has
been fund raising season out here for the Senate and we've had
events at our home for Feinstein, Lieberman, and Cooper.  I wish
you were still head of the DNC for the December elections, but
you are obviously doing a great job at Commerce."
In the same letter Robertson also noted his influence in the
Chinese communist party.  In April 1994 Robertson informed
Brown of his successful effort to hire the son of a major
Chinese Communist leader.  "We have recently hired Bo Feng the
son of Feng Zhijun the vice chairman of the China Democratic
League and a member of the Standing Committee of the National
People's Congress."
On August 18, 1998 this author filed suit in Federal Court
against the Clinton administration for illegally withholding
documents.  The documents in question were discovered at the
Commerce Department in response to a Freedom of Information
Request on Loral CEO Bernard Schwartz and DNC donor Sanford
At first, the Commerce Department refused to release the "22"
documents because they were being withheld by unspecified "other
agencies" for "consultation".  On May 18, 1998 the Commerce
Department released one of the 22 documents.  The single
document returned was the bio of W. Bowman Cutter, Deputy
Assistant to the President for Economic Policy, written by the
White House.
"Bo" Cutter, "Bob" Rubin, Al Gore and Ron Brown were all tasked
to encryption export policy in the 1993 Top Secret order from
Bill Clinton written by Tony Lake.  Bo, Bob, Al and Ron were
part of the encryption task force detailed in the 1996
CIA/FBI/DOJ meeting.  "Bo" Cutter's boss, now Treasury Secretary
"Bob" Rubin, raised the 1994 $100,000 from Sanford Robertson
while working inside the White House - just like Al Gore in
1995.  All of these fine gentlemen were also making secret
export policy... including Sanford Robertson.
In addition, according to the Commerce Department FOIA officer,
the remaining 21 documents were being withheld by the White
House.  However, the White House is NOT an agency.  My source on
this legal "Catch-22" is the White House legal counsel for Vice
President Al Gore.  In response to a 1997 FOIA request Vice
President Gore's Deputy Counsel Elizabeth Brown wrote "Please be
advised that FOIA applies to only records maintained by
'agencies' with in the Executive Branch.  The Office of the
President and the Vice President ... are not 'agencies' for the
purposes of this law.  Therefore, your request must be denied."
The Clinton administration caved instead of facing embarrassment
in court.  The remaining documents withheld by the White House
have been released.
Both Bernard Schwartz and Sanford Robertson were given the
detailed dossiers of the Chinese leadership from President Jiang
Zemin, and MOFTEC's Madam Wu Yi - down to the local communist
mayor of Shanghi.  The new documents include information on such
communist officials as Hu Qili - Minister of Electronics
Industry - a former radical Red Guard member of the Chinese
Youth movement.  According to the hidden documents, Qili argues
"that military electronics are a key technology necessary for
winning modern warfare."
According to Sun Tzu, all war is based on deception.  War,
according to Von Clausewitz, is also merely an extension of
politics.  The war of Clinton deception continues to this day.
The administration and its agencies are continuing to withhold
documents from this author, the House National Security
Committee, and the House Government Oversight Committee.  The
White House is engaged in a cover-up of illegal activities.
Evidence hidden in a deliberate and planned scheme to conceal
crimes by officials currently in power.
source documents * = new
- Robertson letters to Brown & Clinton
  <--- text version
   <--- jpeg version
- SECRET 1993 order on encryption by Anthony Lake
- Secret 1996 DCIA Deutch/FBI Freeh /AG Reno meeting
  <--- text version
   <--- jpeg version
- * Snips from the SEC - official RSA/SDI merger document
RJP, China, MFN treaty & $2,000,000 payment to Robertson
& Stephens for writing merger document.
- * Raymond Hung with Arnie, wife with $1,000,000 check, wife
with Shriver, temple donated to PRC and article ref.
- Interview of RSA CEO James Bidzos
- * Documents held by Ginger Lew on back-doors and sniffers
- * Documents on encryption written by Al Gore & 1997 FOIA
rejection by Gore's legal counsel
- * Ron at CHINA WORLD - Oct. 1995 JCCT meeting with Wu Yi
- * White House Bio of "Bo" Cutter
- * snips from White House documents & SOFTWAR action, bios
of Jiang Zemin, Wu Yi, Hu Qili, and Huang Ju (mayor of Shanghi)
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR               softwar
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
SOFTWAR EMAIL NEWSLETTER                            09/15/1998
***  to unsubscribe reply with "unsubscribe" as subject    ***
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-15 11:00:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: INS Offers Biometric System for Frequent Flyers 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Wired
 US Takes Immigration in Hand
 by Theta Pavis
 4:00am15.Sep.98.PDT
 It's been 44 years since Ellis Island closed
 shop, but immigration can still be a long,
 tiresome process. In an effort to speed the
 process for international travelers, the US
 Immigration and Naturalization Service is offering
 a biometric system for willing frequent flyers.
 So far, 71,000 people in six airports have signed
 up for the system, called INSPASS. It employs
 a biometric kiosk to scan and match the
 geometric dimensions of travelers' hands, verify
 their identities, and perform standard
 background checks. The INS plans to expand
 the program to four additional airports by the end
 of the year.
 "It creates a fast lane for people," said James
 Wayman, head of the federally funded National
 Biometric Test Center at San Jose State
 University.
 The kiosks were integrated by EDS, which has
 had a US$300 million contract with the INS for
 automation support and software development
 since 1994. This summer, the INS awarded a
 new, five-year information-technology contract
 worth $750 million to EDS and four other
 companies.
 Ann Cohen, an EDS vice president in the
 government services group, said the fact that so
 many people have signed up for the INSPASS
 system shows that biometrics are becoming
 more popular and could be commonplace in the
 future.
 "Were getting over that 'Big Brother' hurdle,"
 Cohen said. As e-commerce develops and
 terrorism grows, biometrics increasingly are the
 "only sure way to get security."
 US and Canadian citizens flying overseas on
 business at least three times a year are eligible
 for the free INSPASS program. People from
 Bermuda and 26 other countries that have
 visa-waiver agreements with the United States
 are also eligible.
 The INSPASS kiosks, which look like ATM
 machines, were recently installed at the Los
 Angeles International Airport, where more than
 1,000 people have enrolled in the program. Rico
 Cabrera, a spokesman with the INS Los Angeles
 regional office, said travelers like the fact that
 INSPASS can check their identity in 16 to 60
 seconds, a process that can take up to three
 hours at some airports. The largest group of
 INSPASS users at LAX are US citizens,
 followed by Australians and New Zealanders.
 After filling out a one-page form and passing a
 background check, travelers can be issued a
 Port Pass card with their picture and a
 12-number ID on it.
 A traveler inserts the card in the kiosk, which
 reads the ID number and links to a centralized
 database run by US Customs. A geometric hand
 template is called up from the database and
 transferred to the kiosk. After a green light
 flashes, the right hand is placed on a reflective
 surface -- the ID-3D Handkey, made by
 Recognition Systems. The HandKey uses a
 video camera to take a geometric image of the
 traveler's hand and fingers, and the data is
 converted using compression algorithms. If it
 matches the template of the hand stored in the
 database, the traveler is in.
 INSPASS kiosks are also in use at airports in
 Newark, Miami, Kennedy (New York), Pearson
 (Toronto), and Vancouver, British Columbia. The
 INS eventually plans to install them at most
 busy international airports around the country,
 including Washington, San Francisco, Seattle,
 and Honolulu. The department has geared the
 program toward business travelers, diplomats,
 airline personnel, and other "low-risk" visitors.
 Some argue that the INS hasn't done enough to
 market the program. Jeffrey Betts, WorldWide
 Solution Manager for IBM -- which has developed
 FastGate, a kiosk similar to INSPASS -- said
 people aren't enrolling fast enough in the INS
 system.
 International arrivals at airports across the globe
 are growing every year by 7 to 10 percent, Betts
 said, but border control resources are flat or
 declining. In 1996, some 65,000 people were
 enrolled in the INSPASS program, but the
 program has added just 6,000 new users since
 then.
 IBM, which has been running a small pilot
 program of FastGate in Bermuda for the past
 year, is building a system where people can
 swipe a credit card through a kiosk at the airport
 and connect with a database where the
 biometrics are stored.
 "Governments will have to find ways to do more
 with less or force travelers to queue like cattle,"
 Betts said.
 While the government plans on marketing
 INSPASS more aggressively in the future,
 Schmidt said, INS is counting on word of mouth
 to get new people enrolled. "We don't really have
 the budget for a huge marketing campaign," she
 said.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-15 12:12:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Mersienne crack busted... 
Somebody evidently installed the Mersienne(sp?) prime search client on
2000+ AT&T machines.
The local talk station news has a report that they have just been
apprehended and will be prosecuted for it.
Interesting times, indeed...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-15 15:20:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Crypto in a Cuban Crime... 
At 12:18 PM -0400 on 9/15/98, Charles Smith of Win Schwartau's FUDFactory
wrote something mildly clueful:
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-15 16:54:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Working Photonic Lattice, A Dream For A Decade, Fabricated At  Sandia 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  EurekAlert!
For Immediate Release: 15 September 1998
 Contact: Neal Singer
 nsinger
 (505) 845-7078
 Sandia National Laboratories
Working Photonic Lattice, A Dream For A Decade, Fabricated At Sandia:
Lincoln Log-Like Structure To Improve Infrared And Optical Communications,
Optical Computers
 ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- By interlocking tiny slivers of silicon into a
lattice that,
 under a microscope, appears to be formed by toy Lincoln logs, scientists
at the
 Department of Energy's Sandia National Laboratories believe they have
solved a
 major technical problem: how to bend light easily and cheaply without
leaking it, no
 matter how many twists or turns are needed for optical communications or
 optical computers.
 The lattice, dubbed a photonic crystal (crystals have regularly repeating
 structures), now works in the infrared range (approximately 10-micron
 This achievement is of military and commercial interest because the
technique can be
 used to enhance or better transmit infrared images. Sandia researchers
Shawn Lin and
 Jim Fleming now are preparing a 1.5 micron crystal -- the region in which
almost all
 the world?s optically transmitted information is passed.
 The improvement -- which bends far more light in far less space at
considerably less
 cost than current commercial methods -- will make possible tinier,
cheaper, more
 effective waveguides to combine or separate optical frequencies at the
beginning or
 end of information transmissions. It will find wide application in data
transmission and
 in more compact and efficient sensors. (See "Technique Perfected...."
 that follows.)
 Pierre Villeneuve, a research scientist at the Massachusetts Institute of
 (MIT), says, "With the structure [Sandia researcher] Shawn [Lin] is using
now, he'll be
 able to hit the 1.5 micron mark within the next 12 months. This shows how
'key' this
 work is: He's using a technique that lends itself to hitting the mark."
 A venture capitalist requesting anonymity has approached the researchers to
 commercialize the process. The achievement, for which Sandia has applied
for a
 patent, was reported in the July 16 issue of the journal Nature.
 The structure, in the regularity and spacing of its parts, is mirrorlike
in not permitting
 light of a particular frequency, caught within the cavity of the
structure, to escape.
 Instead, light must follow along any twists or turns designed into the log
 By designing the distance between logs carefully, a chosen wavelength is
 instead of passing out of the space, as longer or shorter wavelengths can.
 introduction of an impurity like air or much thicker polysilicon "logs" to
provide routes
 for preselected wavelengths introduced into the crystal, light travels
along the impurity
 as it twists or bends. No matter how sharp the turns, light of frequency
roughly in the
 middle of the band gap cannot escape.
 Funding for the project was provided by Sandia's Laboratory-Directed
Research and
 Development office, which funds speculative, defense-related research, and
by the
 DOE.
 A Photonic Band Gap
 What's "cool," in the eyes of some observers, is that Sandia researchers
Lin and
 Fleming have created the equivalent of a photonic "band gap" that forbids
 frequencies of light from exiting the lattice. ("Band Gap" is a term
usually applied to
 electrons, not photons, and signifies a range of energies in which
electrons are absent
 because their presence would contradict quantum mechanical laws.)
 The nearly leak-proof lattices form a cage that trap and guide
approximately 95
 percent of the light sent within them, as compared with approximately 30
percent for
 conventional waveguides, and they take only one-tenth to one-fifth the
space to bend
 the light. (The Sandia photonic lattice's turning radius is currently in
the one-wavelength
 range, rather than the traditional waveguide bend of more than 10
 Standard, integrated-circuit manufacturing technology used to fabricate
 -- machines nearly too small to see -- at Sandia's Microelctronics
 Laboratory can create tens of thousands of waveguides from a single,
6-inch silicon
 wafer. This is a factor 10 to 100 times more dense than can be fabricated
using more
 expensive gallium arsenide with current commercial technology.
 Potential uses: low-energy lasers, photonic computers, communications
Because little
 light is lost in the three-dimensional mirroring that sends light back at
itself, a new type
 of microlaser requiring little start-up energy is theoretically
achievable. (Most
 conventional lasers require large jolts of energy to begin operating
because so much
 light is lost in the lasing start-up process.)
 The achievement also brings nearer the day when computers that transmit
 using photons rather than electrons become a practical reality. Currently,
 computers use electrons to pass information, but as more circuits are
included on new
 chips, they become more difficult to cool. Photons, the stuff of light,
are faster and
 cooler than electrons. The problem is that no one has been able to bend
 frequencies of light around tight corners (as navigated by electrons
through a million
 turns on a computer chip the size of a postage stamp) without incurring
large losses in
 information; with previously used techniques, light leaks, and badly, the
more tightly it
 is turned.
 One principle of optical communications is that differing frequencies of
light are bent by
 different amounts. Waveguides first combine the frequencies of a number of
 information streams -- for example, telephone calls -- by bending them
into the
 combined "white" light passing through an optical cable; then other
 separate the light into component frequencies by bending it at the end of
its journey.
 Photonic Band Gap Crystals -- A History
 The idea of a "photonic band gap structure" was first advanced in 1987 by Eli
 Yablonovitch, now a professor at the University of California at Los
Angeles. In 1990,
 he built the first photonic crystal, baseball-sized to channel microwaves
useful in
 antennae applications. In the mid 1990s, scientists at Ames Laboratory in
Iowa built
 crystals the size of ping pong balls, also for microwaves. The components
were of a
 size that could be put together by hand, using straight metal pins (of the
type that hold
 new shirts in place).
 The size reduction for current structures is a striking achievement that
researchers have
 been attempting to achieve for a decade, says Del Owyoung, Sandia manager
for the
 project. The difference in frequency is comparable to moving from masers
to lasers, he
 said ? from microwaves to optical waves.
 According to Rama Biswa, a researcher at Ames Lab, "We had built the same
 structure [as Sandia has] ourselves, but more than 100 times larger, in
the microwave
 frequency range. I think it is quite remarkable that Shawn Lin's group
could do it at
 these wavelengths in the infrared and at this size."
 Villeneuve, who has theorized about uses for photonic crystals for much of
the 1990s
 in a group led by MIT professor J. D. Joannopoulos, praised the Sandia
group for
 "showing that what we're doing is valid," he says. "[People would say,]
'It's wonderful
 that you're coming out with all these great devices [that make use of
photonic crystals],
 but your building block doesn't even exist!'" That is no longer the case.
 Sandia is a multiprogram DOE laboratory, operated by a subsidiary of Lockheed
 Martin Corp. With main facilities in Albuquerque, N.M., and Livermore,
Calif., Sandia
 has major research and development responsibilities in national security,
energy, and
 environmental technologies.
 BACKGROUND: Technique Perfected In Building Surface-Etched
 Micromachines
 Shawn Lin and Jim Fleming achieved the desired crystalline spacing using
 perfected in building surface-etched micromachines, at which Sandia is a
world leader.
 Gears that spin require spaces between parts; specifically, a silicon base
is covered
 with an expendable coating in which a part can be etched, and then the
 portion is removed by chemical and mechanical means, leaving the gear or axle
 unencumbered by surrounding material and thus able to spin freely
 [
 Using a variant on the same technique, Fleming made an artificial crystal
lattice. He
 took a silicon wafer, coated it with silicon dioxide, cut trenches into
the silicon dioxide
 and then bathed the chip in polysilicon till it filled the trenches. Then
he polished the
 surface until smooth and bathed the chip in another layer of silicon
dioxide, into which
 he cut the same number of trenches as before, but so they lay across the
 beneath them at right angles, and then filled these trenches with
 After repeating this process a number of time, Jim removed the silicon
dioxide, using
 hydrofluoric acid, and got "micron layers of Lincoln logs, orthogonal to
each other, and
 joined where they touch."
 Center to center, the polysilicon logs were 1.2 microns wide, 1.5 microns
high, with a
 pitch of 4.8 microns -- child's play to achieve in the world of silicon
 The proportions were identical to that specified by Ames Laboratory and
Iowa State
 researchers as those necessary to make the photonic equivalent of an
electronic band
 gap.
 Media Contact:
Neal Singer
(505) 845-7078
 Technical Contact :
Shawn Lin
(505) 844-8097
Jim Fleming
(505) 844-9158
Del Owyoung
(505) 884-5481
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-16 10:57:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [NYT] Bell-South charging access fees for phone-over-Internet 
Bingo. A hole big enough to drive cryptography through...
Crank up your PGPFones, folks.
Or, maybe we just need ipsec?
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-16 15:02:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Democracy... 
Nit: But, not in Utah, of course. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-16 18:24:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Announcement: Mac-Crypto Conference Oct 6-9, 1998 
X-Priority: 3
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Hash: SHA1
         The Membership of the Mac-Crypto List invites you to
                      The Third Annual
                          Macintosh
                Cryptography and Internet Commerce
                 Software Development Workshop
                      October 6 - 9th, 1998
                      Town Hall Auditorium
                        Apple R&D Campus
                4 Infinite Loop, Cupertino, CA, USA
            Keeping with tradition, this is still free workshop,
            but we'd *really* like it if you register (see below).
We are once again hosting our annual workshop,  where you are sure to
find the latest and greatest information about whats going on in the
Macintosh cryptography world.
A lot has happened in the past year in the world of the Internet
and Cryptography, so this year, thanks to popular demand we have
allocated more time and a larger hall for developers to talk about
what they are working on.
PRELIMINARY WORKSHOP TOPICS: (more to come)
  Introductions and Overviews:
    Intro to Crypto Systems
    Export Controls & Crypto software
    Crypto Opportunities for the Mac
   Tech Stuff:
     AppleShare Authentication Architecture
     PGPticket - A Secure Authorization Protocol
     The AltaVec PowerPC Architecture
     Apple Security Architecture Overview.
     Apple Keychain / Subwoofer update
     OpenPGP & the IETF standards process
     Overview of Crypto API's and Toolkits
  Applications of Cryptography
     RC5 cracking effort & the Mac
     PGPUAM - Appleshare Public Key Authentication
     Graphically displaying the Web of Trust
     Anonymous Communications and the Macintosh
  Open Sessions:
    As requested we scheduled lots of time for developer demos and
    discussions plus the much asked for and a PGP Keysigning party ...
    and plenty of time for developers to network with each other and
    Apple.
We have also left time open for a few last-minute speakers. If you
would like to present a paper or give a talk, please contact
Vinnie Moscaritolo at vinnie
To find out more about previous Mac-Crypto workshops check out
our webpage at   To register, complete the following form, and email it to
 mac-crypto-conference with the subject line REGISTRATION
 Registration is limited to 300 attendees, so be sure to register
 early.
* Name:
* Email Address:
Local Hotels:
Cupertino Inn, 800-222-4828
        Pretty much Across the Street.
Cupertino Courtyard by Marriot, 800-321-2211
        5 Minute Drive
Inn at Saratoga
        408-867-5020
        About 3 Miles
See you in Cupertino on October 6 - 9th!
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Apple World Wide Developer Support
 DSS/DH:   3F903472C3AF622D5D918D9BD8B100090B3EF042
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-17 07:54:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Catchy. 
Resent-Date: Thu, 17 Sep 1998 08:51:14 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/194
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: nev
Forwarded-by: Kirk McKusick I was with a friend in Cafe Flore the other night and I had to ask the
counterperson what was playing on the stereo. Sort of techno but with
vocals on some tracks, minorish key, really great.  Anyway, the CD arrived
and track 10 is called "PGP". And yes, they're talking about *that* PGP.
My God, an ode to data privacy. This computer thing is getting out of
hand. :)
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-17 23:39:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Questions for Magaziner? 
I spoke at the Electronic Payments Forum here in Boston today, and,
tomorrow, the keynote for tomorrow's lunch is Ira Magaziner.
(BTW, Bill was speaking tonight at the same hotel the conference is in,
probably a bilderberger conspiracy thing, and, when I got out, there was
about a thousand protesters, about 80/20 against, complete with one guy
dressed as a giant cigar, shades of Butt Man?, and a couple of women with
big brunette hair and blue dresses on. With pearl necklaces, of course...)
Anyway, In light of more recent crypto-shenanigans from Billary, and the
fact that this thing's a small crowd, I figured I'd ask if anyone on these
lists had a question they wanted me to ask him.
One I want to ask, right off the top of my head is, "Given your recent
successes in regulating foreign cryptography, what's your timetable for
regulating domestic cryptography?"
(To the extent that they already *do*, or not, I'll leave as an exercise
for the reader...)
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-18 08:16:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCS-NY Initial Meeting on September 8th 
Lines: 103
[If you know of people who may be interested in this meeting, please
feel free to forward this message to them.]
I am pleased to announce the second luncheon meeting of the Digital
Commerce Society of New York (DCS-NY), to be held on Tuesday, October
13th at 12:00. If you are interested in attending, please RSVP and
send in your check (as explained below) as quickly as possible. We
have relatively little time to make arrangements, and need to have a
solid idea of the number of attendees by Friday the 25th of
This Month's Luncheon Speaker:
 Stuart Feldman, IBM Institute for Advanced Commerce, IBM T.J.
 Watson Research Center
 Topic: Future Directions in Electronic Commerce
 Stuart Feldman will delve into a half dozen major themes for long-term
 research in electronic commerce. These areas will take years to resolve
 at a research level and even longer to achieve full impact in the world
 economy. They include privacy, the evolving marketplace on several time
 scales, the rise of dynamic businesses and electronic haggling, improved
 relationships to customers, and the systems underpinnings needed to
 support the vast new opportunities and capabilities of electronic
 commerce. Stuart Feldman is Director of IBM's Institute for Advanced
 Commerce. The Institute is dedicated to creating new technologies for
 support of e-commerce as well as pursuing fundamental issues in
 e-commerce. He is also the author of the original "make" and "f77."
WHAT IS DCS-NY?
As some of you probably know, Robert Hettinga has been running a group
called the Digital Commerce Society of Boston for over three years.
DCSB meets once a month for lunch at the Harvard Club in Boston to
hear a speaker and discuss the implications of rapidly emerging
internet and cryptographic technologies on finance and commerce --
"Digital Commerce", in short.
The Digital Commerce Society of New York (DCS-NY) is a spin-off of
DCSB.  We intend to meet the second Tuesday of each month for lunch
at the Harvard Club in New York, and conduct meetings much like those
of DCSB. Our organizing meeting in September was attended by a wide
variety of professionals involved in the business, technical and legal
sides of the emerging world of digital commerce.
If you are interested in attending our next luncheon meeting, please
follow the directions located below. If you merely wish to be added to
our e-mail meeting announcements list, you may send your e-mail
address to "dcs-ny-rsvp
PS We would like to thank John McCormack for his invaluable assistance in
procuring the venue for our meetings.

@_date: 1998-09-18 08:18:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: THE WHITE HOUSE: Briefing on encryption ( X-files ?? ) 
Reply-To: "Blair Anderson" Priority: Normal
THE WHITE HOUSE: Briefing on encryption
M2 PRESSWIRE-17 September 1998-THE WHITE HOUSE: Office of the Press
Secretary -- Briefing on encryption
(C)1994-98 M2 COMMUNICATIONS LTD
* Briefing by the Vice President, Deputy Chief of Staff John Podesta,
Principal Associate Deputy Attorney General
Robert Litt, Assistant Director of the FBI Carolyn Morris, Under Secretary
of Commerce William Reinsch, Deputy
Secretary of Defense John Hamre, and Deputy National Security Advisor Jim
* The Briefing Room
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Good morning. While my colleagues are coming in here,
let me acknowledge them. John
Podesta is going to take over the podium after I complete my statement, and
he is joined by Bob Litt of the Justice
Department, Bill Reinsch of the Commerce Department -- Under Secretary for
the Export Administration -- and John
Hamre, Deputy Secretary of Defense.
I also want to acknowledge Carolyn Morris of the FBI; Barbara McNamara of
the National Security Agency; John
Gordon, Deputy Director of the CIA. And you all should know that this
process, the results of -- the interim results of
which I'm announcing here, is a process that has been run principally by
John Podesta and Jim Steinberg, Deputy at the
National Security Council. And I also want to thank Sally Katzen at the NEC
and David Beier on my staff for the work
that they and many others have done on this.
Some of you who have followed this issue know that it is probably one of
the single, most difficult and complex issues
that you can possibly imagine. But we've made progress, and we're here this
morning to announce an important new
action that will protect our national security and our safety, and advance
our economic interests and safeguard our basic
rights and values in this new Information Age.
The Information Age has brought us the Internet, an inter-connected global
economy and the promise of connecting us
all to the same vast world of knowledge. But with that exciting promise
comes new challenges. We must make sure that
in the Information Age you get information about the rest of the world and
not the other way around. We must ensure
that new technology does not mean new and sophisticated criminal and
terrorist activity which leaves law enforcement
outmatched -- we can't allow that to happen. And we must ensure that the
sensitive financial and business transactions
that now cruise along the information superhighway are 100 percent safe in
Balancing these needs is no simple task, to say the least. That is why, in
taking the next step toward meeting these
complex goals, we worked very closely with members of Congress from both
parties, House and Senate; with industry;
with our law enforcement community and with our national security
community. And as we move forward we want to
keep working closely with all who share a stake in this issue -- especially
law enforcement -- to constantly assess and
reassess the effectiveness of our actions in this fast changing medium.
Today I'm pleased to announce a new federal policy for the encryption and
protection of electronic communication, a
policy that dramatically increases privacy and security for families and
businesses without endangering out national
Beginning today, American companies will be able to use encryption programs
of unlimited strength when
communicating between most countries. Health, medical, and insurance
companies will be able to use far stronger
electronic protection for personal records and information. Law enforcement
will still have access to criminally-related
information under strict and appropriate legal procedures. And we will
maintain our full ability to fight terrorism and
monitor terrorist activity that poses a grave danger to American citizens.
With this new announcement, we will protect the privacy of average
Americans, because privacy is a basic value in the
Information Age, indeed in any age. We will give industry the full
protection that it needs to enable electronic
commerce to grow and to thrive. And we will give law enforcement the
ability to fight 21st century crimes with 21st
century technology, so our families and businesses are safe, but on-line
outlaws are not safe.
In just a moment you will hear more of the details of this new policy, but
I want to conclude by saying that this policy
does reflect one of the greatest challenges of these new times. And to
state it broadly, it's a challenge of how we can
harness powerful new technology while protecting our oldest and most
cherished values, such as privacy and safety.
I'm grateful to those who have worked so hard to reach this balance. And
with today's announcement I believe that all
families and businesses have reason to feel safer, more secure and more
confident as we approach the 21st century.
And now I'd like to turn things over to White House Deputy Chief of Staff
John Podesta.
Q Mr. Vice President, before you go, can you tell us what you say to
Democratic lawmakers who say the President
ought to resign?
THE VICE PRESIDENT: I disagree.
Q How about the release of that tape? What do you think --
THE VICE PRESIDENT: The President is going to have a press conference
shortly and I'm sure that you will not miss
the opportunity at this national security press conference with the leader
of a foreign country to raise all these questions.
Q What about the videotape, should it be released?
Q It was staged by the White House -- you know that, don't you?
MR. PODESTA: Guess what? I'm here to talk about encryption. Okay. I can see
the front row leaving here. (Laughter.)
As the Vice President noted, Jim Steinberg and I have co-chaired our
process in this matter. I volunteered for that duty
because of my well-known fascination with The X Files, which most of you
know about.
As you know, this is an important and challenging issue that affects many
of our interests in our society. And over the
past year we've promoted a balanced approach to the issue, working with all
segments of our government and working
with industry to find a policy that promotes electronic commerce, preserves
privacy, protects national security and law
enforcement interests, and permits U.S. industry to secure global markets.
Recognizing the importance of moving this issue forward, last March the
Vice President asked us to intensify our
dialogue with U.S. industry, to bring industry's technical expertise to
bear on this issue with the hope of finding more
innovative ways that we might assist law enforcement. We appreciate the
efforts of Congress, the law enforcement
community and particularly the industry groups.
I would note the Computer Systems Policy Project and the Americans for
Computer Privacy, who have been in an
intensive dialogue with us over the past many months to foster an
environment that has allowed us to come up with a
policy which we believe has balanced the elements that are necessary in
this regard.
I think all the stakeholders in this process, on our side, as well as on
private industry's side, now have a greater
appreciation of the issues and intend to continue the dialogue, which I
think we're most pleased by. Again, I think some
of the people here from industry will be available at the stakeout later to
take some comment.
Based on the ideas discussed among the various stakeholders, today we're
proposing an update to our policies that
we've announced in the past. I'm going to serve kind of as M.C. We're going
to start off with Bob Litt from the Justice
Department and Carol Morris, who I asked to join us, from the FBI, to talk
about the law enforcement-FBI concerns.
Then we're going to turn to Bill Reinsch from the Commerce Department to
talk about export control and electronic
commerce. And finally you'll hear from Dr. Hamre from the Defense
Department. I might ask Jim also to join us up
Before I give up the floor to Bob and Carol, though, I want to stress that
encryption policy is an ongoing process. It's
one of adaptation; it's an evolutionary process. We intend to continue the
dialogue, and over the course of the next
year, determine what further updates are necessary as we work with industry
to try to, again, come up with a policy that
balances national security, law enforcement, and the real needs for privacy
and security in electronic commerce.
Thank you. Let me turn it over to Bob.
MR. LITT: Thank you, John. Good afternoon. The Justice Department and the
FBI and law enforcement in general is
supportive, very supportive of today's announcement on the updating of our
export controls on encryption products,
particularly with respect to those products that allow law enforcement to
obtain lawful access to the plain text of
encrypted information.
We have been very encouraged over the last few months by industry's efforts
to work with us to develop and market
strong encryption products that provide law-abiding citizens with the
ability to protect the privacy of their
communications and their electronically-stored data, while at the same time
maintaining law enforcement's ability to
ensure public safety when these products, when they become commercially
available, are used in furtherance of
serious criminal activity.
Our goal is through whatever means to ensure that when we have the lawful
authority to take steps to protect public
safety, we have the ability to do so. And we have been working
cooperatively with industry for many months to
develop approaches that will deal with that.
Carolyn Morris will now talk a little bit about the technical support
center that is being proposed.
MS. MORRIS: Thank you very much, Bob.
Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. We in federal, state, and local law
enforcement, are pleased with the
administration's support to establish a technical support center. This
center will provide federal, state, and local law
enforcement with the resources and the technical capabilities we need to
fulfill our investigative responsibilities.
In light of strong, commercially available encryption products that are
being proliferated within the United States, and
when such products are used in the furtherance of serious criminal
activity, this center becomes very, very critical to
solving the encryption issues that we need to make cases. As a matter of
fact, the FBI has already begun planning
activities of this critical technical support center in anticipation of the
availability of funds.
The United States federal, local and state law enforcement community looks
forward to a cooperative partnership with
American industry, the Congress and the administration to ensure that this
technical support center becomes a reality in
the near future. With this center the American people can be assured that
federal, state, and local law enforcement has
the necessary resources and tools we need to fulfill our public safety
Thank you very much.
UNDER SECRETARY REINSCH: With respect to export controls, the
administration is updating its policy in three
areas: Our existing policy and some revisions there, an expansion with
respect to certain sectors, and an expansion with
respect to so-called recoverable products. And let me address each of these
separately. In keeping with the
administration's reinvention initiatives, I'm going to try to do it in
plain language -- or plain English, So that those of you
that speak the vocabulary of encryption may find it to elementary, but we
can go back and do it again in another
language, if you want, later on in questions.
With respect to our existing policy, we have for two years ending this
December, permitted the export of 56-bit
products after an initial one-time review without further review by the
government. What we're announcing today is the
maintenance of that window permanently. And so 56-bit products will be
freed from export controls after a one-time
review, in perpetuity, not ending at the end of this year. We are, however,
removing the requirement for key recovery
plans or key recovery commitments to be provided in return for that change,
which was the initial condition that we
In addition, we are continuing to permit the export of key recovery
products -- products that contain those features --
without restraint worldwide. We are, however, going to simplify
significantly our regulations that relate to those
exports. In particular, we're going to eliminate the need for six-month
progress reports for the plans that have been
submitted, and we're going to eliminate the requirement for any prior
reporting of key recovery agent information. For
those of you that follow the regulations in detail, that means we're going
to eliminate Supplement Five of our
regulations on these matters.
Now, with respect to sectors, we're making some new innovations in four
areas. Some of you may be familiar with the
fact that some time ago we announced expanded treatment of encryption
products for export to banks and financial
institutions. And what we did at that time, briefly, was to permit the
export of encryption products of any length, any bit
length, with or without key recovery features to banks and financial
institutions in a list of 45 countries.
What we are announcing today is, first, that we are adding insurance
companies to the definition of financial institutions,
so insurance companies will be treated the same way under this policy as
banks and other financial institutions are now.
In addition, we are providing the same kind of treatment for exports of
these encryption products to the health and
medical sector operating in the same set of countries. We are excluding
from that biochemical and pharmaceutical
producers. But the rest of the health and medical sector will be the
beneficiary of the same kind of treatment.
In addition, we are providing also this expanded treatment for that country
group to on-line merchants that are operating
in those countries. That means that for products that are like
client-server applications, like SSL, will be able to be
exported to those destinations.
All these things will take place under what we call license exception,
which means after initial one-time review to
determine whether or not your product is, in fact, what you say it is, they
can then go without any further review or
intervention by the government to those locations. In addition, there is
always the option in the export control system of
coming in with an application to export these kinds of products to other
destinations beyond the ones that I'm talking
about right now, and those will be reviewed one by one on their merits.
Finally, with respect to what we have come to refer to as a class of
so-called recovery capable or recoverable products,
and these are the products that, among others, include what has become
known as the doorbell products, which are
products that, among other things, will deal with the development of local
area or wide area networks and the
transmission of e-mail and other data over networks -- we are going to
permit the export of those products under a
presumption of approval and an export licensing arrangement to a list of 42
countries. And within those countries we are
going to permit that export to commercial firms only within those
countries. And both in that case and in the case of the
on-line merchants that I referred to a few minutes ago, we are going to
exclude manufacturers or distributors of
munitions items, I think for obvious reasons.
We can go into further details later, if you would like. I think for those
of you that are interested in the nitty-gritty of all
this stuff, BXA intends to post all the details, including the country
lists, on its website and we should have that up later
Thank you.
DEPUTY SECRETARY HAMRE: Good morning. I'm here to speak on behalf of the
national security community. I'm
joined today by my enormously capable counterparts and colleagues, Deputy
Director Barbara McNamara for the
National Security Agency; and Deputy Director John Gordon from the Central
Intelligence Agency.
The national security establishment strongly supports this step forward. We
think this is a very important advance in a
crucial area for our security in the future.
We in DOD had four goals when we entered these discussions. First was to
strengthen our ability to do electronic
commerce. We're the largest company in the world. Every month we write
about 10 million paychecks. We write about
800,000 travel vouchers. One of our finance centers disburses $45 million
an hour. We are a major, major force in
business. And for that reason, we can't be efficient unless we can become
fully electronic, and electronic commerce is
essential for us. And this is an enormous step forward.
Second, we must have strong encryption and a security structure for that in
order to protect ourselves in cyberspace.
Many of you know that we have experienced a number of cyber attacks during
the last year. This will undoubtedly
increase in the future. We need to have strong encryption because we're
operating over public networks; 95 percent of
all of our communications now go over public infrastructure -- public
telephone lines, telephone switches, computer
systems, et cetera. To protect ourselves in that public environment, we
must have encryption and we must have a key
recovery system for ourselves.
The third goal that we had was to help protect America's infrastructure.
One of the emerging national security
challenges of the next decade is to protect this country, the homeland
defense of this country, against attack. We must
have strong encryption in order to do that, because most of this
infrastructure now is being managed through distributed
computer-based management systems, and this is an important step forward.
Finally, it is very important that the Department of Defense and our
colleagues in the national security establishment
have the ability to prosecute our national security interests overseas.
Terrorists and rogue nations are increasingly using
these tools to communicate with each other and to lay their plans. We must
have the ability to deal with that. And so this
policy, it's a balanced and structured approach to be able to deal with all
four of those problems.
UNDER SECRETARY REINSCH: I apologize -- in listing my changes, I neglected
one very important item that I want
to go back to, and that is, in the sector area we are also announcing today
the ability to export strong encryption of any
bit length, with or without key recovery features, to subsidiaries of U.S.
companies to all destinations in the world with
the exception of the seven terrorist nations.
MR. PODESTA: Okay, I think we're happy to take your questions now. If you
could identify whom you're addressing,
because there is a variety of expertise. And I would like to introduce one
other person, Charlotte Knepper from the
NSC staff, who has been instrumental in pulling this all together.
Q John, this is a question for you. In October '96 and other White House
statements on encryption, there has usually
been a line also addressing the domestic side, saying that all Americans
remain free to use any strength encryption. I
didn't notice anything like that in today's announcement. Are there any
conditions under which the White House would
back domestic restrictions on encryption?
MR. PODESTA: We haven't changed our policy, and the previous statements are
certainly intact. We have made a
number of policy statements in the past, since this administration came
into office, and I think that you should view this
as a step forward, building on the policies that we have put before the
American public in the past.
Q John, could I ask you one question about an un-encrypted matter?
MR. PODESTA: Maybe. (Laughter.)
Q Democrats on the Hill are now saying, and John Kerry is saying that the
President's actions absolutely call for some
sort of punishment. What are Democrats telling you about what they feel
must be done at this point?
MR. PODESTA: Well, I think I'm not going to stand here and take a lot of
questions, but I'm going to give special
dispensation, as a Catholic, today -- which is I'm going to return your
phone calls later. But in deference to the people
up here I think we'll handle it that way.
But in specific response, I'll take one, which is that I think that we had
a number of productive meetings with
Democrats on both sides of the Hill yesterday. They view the President as a
person who has led on the issues that are
important to them, and I think what they want to do is get back to having
him speak out and be a leader on the issues of
education and the health care bill of rights, on saving Social Security.
And I think they pointed at that and wanted to
work with us on that.
I think with regard to the question that you posed with regard to Senator
Kerry, I think that's a matter that they are
debating amongst themselves more than they are debating with the White
House. I think it's probably presumptuous for
us at this point to offer them assistance or guidance. I mean, the
President has said that what he has done was wrong;
he's apologized for it; he's asked for forgiveness. He is moving forward.
And I think that this debate is going on, on
Capitol Hill, but it's largely going on amongst members themselves.
Q We haven't heard many of them say they want to get back to the work at hand.
MR. STEINBERG: You heard John, and I'm going to leave it there.
Let me just add a word in response, in connection with the domestic
controls issue. I think one of the lessons that we've
learned from this exercise is that -- actually, two lessons -- one, that
trying to balance the various interests and equities
in this is much less of a zero sum gain than I think some began to look at
the question. That is, you heard from Dr.
Hamre and others that many of the interests involved have common interests
in making sure that we have secure and
effective means of dealing with communications and stored data.
And so we found, by looking in a very pragmatic way, that there were ways
to solve these problems without very, kind
of, broad-based solutions. In particular, I think the idea that there's no
one-size-fits-all answer to the problems of
meeting the various needs informs the decisions that we reached -- that
there are a variety of different techniques that
respond to the different aspects of the industry, the different aspects of
the technology. I think that's what made the
progress possible today, is that industry, agencies and Congress sat down
together, pulled the problem apart, began to
look at its different components and began to fashion very pragmatic
And so I think we came to this discussion with a spirit of not looking for
a kind of single or simple solution to the
problem but, rather, how do you tackle and meet the various needs. And I
think that's what led to this resolve.
Q Could you talk a little more about the on-line merchants part of it? I
mean, what do you have to do to qualify as an
on-line merchant? Do you have to register or can anybody sort of set
themselves up in business?
UNDER SECRETARY REINSCH: I think the simplest way to respond to that right
now is we'll have a definition in the
reg that will be very clear as to what the criteria are for qualification.
And those definitions have already been dealt with
and agreed to, so we should have them up on the web site this afternoon.
Q A question for Bill Reinsch. How do you handle, then, 128-bit, to which
the Department has given export -- or has
allowed to be exported after going through this review? Will 128 or things
above 56-bit, will they require a license or
will they still have to go through plans --
UNDER SECRETARY REINSCH: Well, with respect to the subsidiaries, the health
sector, the banks, the financial
institutions, the insurance companies, the on-line merchants, and the
recoverable products as in the universe defined --
no. In the case of all but the recoverable products, they will all go on
license exception, which means one-time review
and then out the door. With respect to recoverable products, they will come
in and go out pursuant to an export
licensing arrangement, where we'll have to do a little tailoring depending
upon the nature of the product. But there is a
presumption of approval for the 42 countries that I indicated.
And that's without reference to bit length -- 128 or more is all covered by
that. Now, if you want to export an 128-bit
product that is beyond any of those universes, then you would have to come
in for an individual license application.
Q A question for Mr. Litt. With regard to the technical support center,
when do you expect that to be in operation?
MR. LITT: I don't think we have a specific timetable yet. Obviously, it
would be helpful for us to have it up and
operational as soon as possible, but there are planning and budgetary
issues that have to be dealt with.
Q This is probably a question for Under Secretary Reinsch. The export
exceptions now are essentially going to U.S.
subsidiaries -- foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies. I was wondering,
could you be a little more specific -- what size
company, what kind of company will be allowed to export powerful crypto to
its foreign subsidiaries?
UNDER SECRETARY REINSCH: That doesn't make any difference. The universe is
determined by the end user, not
by the nature of the American company. But it is not -- while part of this
relates to subsidiaries of U.S. companies, that is
correct, we also intend, on a case-by-case basis, to provide for favorable
treatment for export of the same kind of thing
to strategic partners of U.S. companies -- those foreign companies that are
engaged in a closer, say, joint venture, that
kind of relationship.
Well, I think that's it.
Q What about foreign companies that have U.S. subsidiaries, like Seaman's
or -- or Chrysler -- can they get this
UNDER SECRETARY REINSCH: Well, keep in mind, there are multiple universes
here. If you're talking about the
financial institutions, the banks and the insurance companies, those aren't
necessarily American financial institutions.
That's for export to any financial institution, and for their use in any of
their branches, aside from the terrorist countries.
This is true for the health sector; this is true for on-line merchants as
well. Those are not restricted to U.S. companies.
Obviously, if we're going to have a requirement for U.S. subs, it relates
to U.S. subs, and wouldn't affect the examples
you've described. Now, with respect to recoverable products, which actually
is one of the areas where the companies
you mentioned would probably be looking because they'd be looking to build
a network among their various offices,
affiliates of subsidiaries, dealers if necessary, worldwide, the
recoverable provisions that I described could be exported
to those companies within the territorial universe I described -- the 42
Thank you very much.
Blair Anderson  (Blair
International Consultant in Electronic Commerce,
Encryption and Electronic Rights Management
   "Techno Junk and Grey Matter"  (HTTP://WWW.NOW.CO.NZ [moving servers,
currently inactive])
   50 Wainoni Road, Christchurch, New Zealand
          phone 64 3 3894065
          fax     64 3 3894065
Member 	Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-18 08:22:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Sept. 19 column - Clintonites reject reality 
Resent-Date: Thu, 17 Sep 1998 23:24:28 -0600
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/557
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED SEPT. 19, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    It's the government schools, stupid
    Bill Clinton is a fake. As many Americans who had been taken in by him
looked on in wide-eyed horror on Sept. 10 and 11, 1998, this emotionally
hollow creature tried again and again to mimic precisely the right catch in
the voice, precisely the right words, the wiping away of a tear at just the
right moment, in what quickly became known as the Monica Lewinsky
  Just as our penultimate national office manager, George Bush, spoke with
an impatient lack of comprehension about "the vision thing" folks seemed to
want from him, so does Bill Clinton fail to understand the horror with
which it is finally sinking in to about 35 percent of the American populace
that this man (start ital)has(end ital) no core emotions ... he has merely
been miming them all these years.
  But what should really frighten us is not the fact that Bill Clinton is
thus revealed to be the moral and emotional equivalent of one of those
human-looking androids in the science fictions movies, unmasked in a
now-familiar scene in which they begin to stutter and shudder, and finally
go cartwheeling around the spacecraft spewing white hydraulic fluid.
  No, what should frighten us is that only 35 percent of Americans seem to
care. Sixty-five percent say: "So what? All that moral and emotional stuff
is so much make-believe, anyway. Doesn't everybody lie? Doesn't everybody
fake it?"
  Where did this race of pod people come from?
  From the government schools, stupid.
  For years, folks have been dismissing the direst of warnings about the
"public schooling" scam with exasperated disbelief.
  Schools don't fight duplicity, cheating, drug use, and scorn for
achievement, argued New York State Teacher of the Year John Taylor Gatto in
his slim but estimable little volume "Dumbing Us Down" ($12.45, New Society
Publishers, 4527 Springfield Ave., Philadelphia 19143.) Instead, Mr. Gatto
discovered after a lengthy and distinguished career, these things are what
the schools actually (start ital)teach(end ital).
  "Put kids in a class and they will live out their lives in an invisible
cage, isolated from their chance at community," Gatto warns. "Interrupt
kids with bells and horns all the time and they will learn that nothing is
important; force them to plead for the natural right to the toilet and they
will become liars and toadies; ridicule them and they will retreat from
human association; shame them and they will find a hundred ways to get
even" through exactly the kind of addictive, immature and dependent
pathologies we expect from any inmates -- drugs, violence, random sex.
    #  #  #
  What caused his teachers to praise someone like the young Bill Clinton,
who didn't just dodge the physical risks of Vietnam, but who (as some are
only now discovering) apparently avoided all the emotional risks and
commitments which help a boy mature into a man, leaving a 50-year-old
president at the approximate level of emotional development of a giggling,
groping 13-year-old, promising to "marry" his date to the sock hop if
she'll let him cop a feel?
  Apparently no one believes Mr. Gatto. But the great novelist and
philosopher Ayn Rand further explained the process by which children's
normal mental and emotional development are now systematically and
deliberately crippled in a 1970 essay called "The Comprachicos," available
in the Meridian paperback "The New Left:"
  "At the age of three, when his mind is almost as plastic as his bones,
when his need and desire to know are more intense than they will ever be
again, a child is delivered -- by a Progressive nursery school -- into the
midst of a pack of children as helplessly ignorant as himself. ... He wants
to learn; he is told to play. Why? No answer is given. He is made to
understand -- by the emotional vibrations permeating the atmosphere of the
place ... that the most important thing in this peculiar world is not to
know, but to get along with the pack. Why? No answer is given.
  "He does not know what to do; he is told to do anything he feels like. He
picks up a toy; it is snatched away from him by another child; he is told
that he must learn to share. Why? No answer is given. He sits alone in a
corner; he is told that he must join the others. Why? No answer is given.
He approaches a group, reaches for their toys and is punched in the nose.
He cries, in angry bewilderment; the teacher throws her arms around him and
gushes that she loves him. ...
  "The teacher's mechanical crib-side manner -- the rigid smile, the cooing
tone of voice ... the coldly unfocused, unseeing eyes -- add up in the
child's mind to a word he will soon learn: phony. He knows it is a
disguise; a disguise hides something; he experiences suspicion -- and fear.
  "A small child is mildly curious about, but not greatly interested in,
other children of his own age. In daily association, they merely bewilder
him. He is not seeking equals, but cognitive superiors, people who (start
ital)know(end ital). Observe that young children prefer the company of
older children or of adults, that they hero-worship and try to emulate an
older brother or sister. A child needs to reach a certain development, a
sense of his own identity, before he can enjoy the company of his 'peers.'
But he is thrown into their midst and told to adjust.
 "Adjust to (start ital)what?(end ital) To anything. To cruelty, to
injustice, to blindness, to silliness, to pretentiousness, to snubs, to
mockery, to treachery, to lies ... and to the overwhelming , overpowering
presence of Whim as the ruler of everything. ...
  "After a while, he adjusts. ... He learns that regardless of what he does

@_date: 1998-09-18 15:44:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Questions for Magaziner? 
Okay, so the short precis on Magaziner's answer to my question about
encryption controls, foriegn or domestic, is he's agin it.
He says that controlling foriegn encryption is impossible, and controlling
domestic encryption is, at the very least, unconstitutional.
He says that the reason the administration's encryption policy is so
convoluted is that the law enforcement and the "economic" encryption camps,
anti, and pro, evidently, is that the two sides are at loggerheads.
Magaziner mirrored Rivest's offer to tax encryption products to pay for
increased law enforcement technology support, but, hey, he's a liberal
democrat, he's supposed to tax us to death without thinking about the
economic, and, of course privacy consequences of raising the price of
So, all in all, he got a round of foot-stomping applause from this bunch on
his pro-encryption stance, because, evidently, being a payments technology
forum, he was preaching to the choir. Something I found out when I was
doing my own speech yesterday. I should realize that anyone building a
payment system knows that digital commerce is financial cryptography, after
all. :-)
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-18 16:37:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: BAN DOGS.. 
X-Priority: 3
LETTER TO BAN DOGS
To the Editor
Arizona Republic
P.O. Box 2244
Phoenix, Arizona 85002
January 7th, 1998
Dear Editor,
I am gratified to read in this morning's paper that someone has finally
called attention to an urgent situation which I have known about for a long
time:  annually 334,000 victims of savage dog bites, most frequently
children, average age 15, are taken to the nation's emergency rooms.  As
the article states: "That's more ER visits than injuries from skateboards,
baby walkers and in-line skates combined."  Total annual cost of ER dog
bites: $102.4 million.  Twenty or more people killed annually by dogs,
almost all of them children.
Because these dogs are so readily obtainable on the streets of our nation,
I implore all your readers to immediately deluge their Congressmen with
letters, phone calls, faxes and telegrams to support the federal "Save the
Widdle Childwen Fwom the Vicious Dog-Bite Act of 1998", which would require
the following: mandatory muzzles fitted with muzzle-locks to be kept at all
times on all dogs, licensing and paw-printing of all dogs, fingerprinting
and house-monitoring of dog owners, including mandatory,
federally-monitored safe storage of dogs and an immediate 1,000% tax on all
dog food.  This Act is sponsored by Canine Control Incorporated, an
organization dedicated to eliminating canine violence in America by the
year 2000. The Act also provides for the immediate banning of all "assault
dogs", the definition of which term will constantly change according to the
emotions of the board of C.C.I.  "Saturday Night Special" dogs, such as
Chihuahuas and other cheap, easily concealed ankle-biters, will also be
banned.  In addition, the Act bans all sharp canine teeth, all canine teeth
longer than a federally-mandated length, all spiked collars and sharp
canine toenails.  It also mandates that all dogs be transferred only
through federally licensed dog dealers, and provides for the changing of
the BATF to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Assault Dogs, or
I hope that the physicians' organizations who champion total hand-gun
banning will rally behind this urgent cause to save our nation's children.
Anyone who opposes this type of legislation obviously hates children.  We
need this Act desperately - after all, if it saves only one life, it is
worth it.  Not to mention the $102.4 million dollars in ER charges!
My husband's face was horribly mauled at the age of four by a Pit Bull;
today he is the poster child for C.C.I.  Now, when not being used as a
drooling doorstop or for first base, he is routinely wheeled out at charity
fund-raising events at which he repeatedly mumbles, "Bad dogs!  Ban dogs!"
We urgently need your help to get these vicious dogs off the streets now!
Please help end canine violence in America!  Send donations to: C.C.I.,
1111 B.S. Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C.  20004.
Make the checks out to me.
Tina Terry
c) 1998 by Tina Terry.  This letter may be reprinted in its entirety, as
long as nothing in it is changed, credit is given the author, and the
following is included.  Author's note: The author's husband's face really
was mauled at age 4 by a Pit Bull, an incident in which he almost lost an
eye.  He's not in a wheelchair, true, but he also doesn't blame dogs in
general for his early experience and he loves and owns dogs to this day.  He
also has never tried to enlist the author to run around the country trying
to ban all dogs.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-18 16:37:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Catchy. 
Resent-Date: Thu, 17 Sep 1998 11:35:55 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/196
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
The CD is titled 'unlearn', the artist is psykosonik, and it's
Copyright 1995.  This computer thing got out of hand a long time ago.
(It's on the Wax Trax label too, so you know it's gotta be good.)
Andy Isaacson adisaacs adi    Fight Spam, join CAUCE:
              --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-18 16:38:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Doomsdays 
Resent-Date: Thu, 17 Sep 1998 09:41:42 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/195
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: nev
Forwarded-by: Jeffrey C Honig Forwarded-by: Monty Solomon Newsgroups: comp.dcom.telecom
Jan. 1, 2000 Isn't Only 'Doomsdate'
Published Sunday, September 13, 1998
Jan. 1, 2000, isn't only 'doomsdate'
Steve Woodward / Newhouse News Service
Jan. 1, 2000, is The Big One, kids.
By now, you've heard that many of the world's computers will roll the
date clock forward from "99" to "00" with potentially disastrous
consequences. Year 2000 authorities prophesy problems as minor as
erroneous overdue notices from the library and as major as a failure of
the nation's power grid.
But that isn't the only computer "doomsdate" looming. A slew of
lesser-known dates also could wreak technological havoc.
So brace yourself. The first date to dread -- Jan. 1, 1999 -- is fast
Jan. 1, 1999: The one-year-look-ahead problem
Not every computer counts forward like you and me. Some look down the
road one entire year and count backward to determine the date. (Please
don't ask why.) On Jan. 1, 1999, some will look forward one year and see
"00." Like humans, the computers may balk at having to count backward
from 00.
Jan. 1, 1999, to Dec. 31, 2002: The euro currency problem
We all know that the year 2000 problem is the biggest software project
in history. But many Americans are unaware that programmers throughout
the world are also at work on the second biggest software project in
history: converting the currencies of 11 European nations into a single
currency called the euro.
Banks and financial institutions will begin transacting business in
euros on Jan. 1, 1999, although the actual bank notes won't be issued
until Jan. 1, 2001. The introduction of the euro is to continue through
the year 2002.
There's no direct link between the euro project and the Y2K project, but
the massive size of the simultaneous projects will soon take most of the
world's available programmers.
Aug. 21, 1999: The GPS rollover problem
The world's 24 global positioning satellites record time by counting the
weeks that have passed since their launch in 1980. The weeks fill up a
counter much like the odometer on your car. But like your odometer, the
counter rolls over to 0000 when it's full. At midnight on Aug. 21, 1999,
the counter will be full. Equipment that uses the GPS signals may
Sept. 9, 1999: The 9999 end-of-file problem
Many computers have been programmed to recognize 9999 as an
"end-of-file" command. Perhaps some computers will conclude, quite
logically, that a date of 9/9/99 means it's the end of all time.
Oct. 1, 1999: The federal fiscal year 2000 problem
Big Daddy rolls its clock forward Oct. 1, 1999. As of that date, the
federal government officially enters its 2000 budget year. Every federal
function will be affected, from defense to Medicare to payments on the
federal debt.
Jan. 4, 2000: The first-working-day-of-the-year problem
Year 2000 begins on a Saturday. Corporate America will switch on most of
its desktop computers Tuesday, Jan. 4, after a long holiday weekend.
Boot up and hang on to your morning mochas.
Feb. 29, 2000: The Year 2000 leap year problem, Part I
Most programmers know the rules for calculating leap years: Any year
evenly divisible by four is a leap year, except years that also are
divisible by 100. So 1996 is a leap year, but 2000 isn't -- er, right?
Well, there's a third, lesser-known rule that cancels the first two: Any
year divisible by 400 is a leap year, including -- you guessed it --
2000. The question is: How many programmers know that rule?
Dec. 31, 2000: The Year 2000 leap year problem, Part II
Some computers work by counting the number of days in the year. If they
aren't programmed to know that 2000 is a leap year, the machines will be
bewildered when they reach Dec. 31, 2000, the seemingly impossible 366th
day of the year.
Sept. 8, 2001: The Unix end-of-file problem
Unix is the "other" major operating system, a set of instructions that,
like Windows, DOS and MacOS, run the basic functions of a computer. Unix
powers many commercial and Internet computers. Unix tells time
differently, which means that it does not have a year 2000 problem.
Unfortunately, it does have a Sept. 8, 2001, problem. In Unix language,
that date is represented by the number 999,999,999 -- the same number
that some Unix applications use to denote the end of a file.
Circa 2025: The U.S. telephone number problem
By the year 2025 or so, the United States will simply run out of
available seven-digit telephone numbers and area codes. Telephone
companies will have to add digits or revamp the numbering system. That,
in turn, will force software programmers to overhaul every piece of
software that uses phone numbers, plus all databases and archives that
store phone numbers.
Jan. 19, 2038: The other Unix problem
The Unix operating system tells time by counting the number of seconds
elapsed since Jan. 1, 1970. But like your odometer, there are only so
many places on its counter. At seven seconds past 3:14 a.m. on Jan. 19,
2038, the counters on every Unix computer in the world will be full and
will roll over to "0." Many computers will assume it's either Jan. 1,
1970, all over again (who wants to relive the '70s?) or that it's the
end of the world (which may be a better alternative than the preceding).
Circa 2050 to 2075: The Social Security number problem
By 2075, the United States will have exhausted the 1 billion unique
Social Security numbers possible under its nine-digit numbering system.
Year 2000 expert Capers Jones suggests that the nation must be prepared
by 2050 to expand or replace the many software applications that depend
on those numbers.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-18 21:30:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: BAN DOGS.. 
All of this reminds me of my favorite Vinnie Moscaritolo quote:
"If we could just pass a few more laws, we could *all* be criminals!"
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-18 21:30:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cyberpunks Signal-to-Noise Ratio 
Hmmm... Speaking of noise to signal, I feel a, um, cascade, um, coming on...
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-19 08:26:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Tougher laws are sought to seize cash 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Bergen (New Jersey) Record
Tougher laws are sought to seize cash
Tuesday, September 15, 1998
By ADAM PIORE
Washington Correspondent
WASHINGTON -- Federal law enforcement
officials on Monday unveiled a plan they say will
help stop the flow of billions of dollars in drug money
across the nation's borders every year.
Hailed as a "major step forward" in the fight against
money laundering, the Justice Department proposal
would broaden the government's ability to seize the
profits of such illicit activity as drug dealing.
It now is illegal to try to leave the country with more
than $10,000 in currency without reporting it to U.S.
Customs officials. Violations are punishable by up to
five years in prison and seizure of the money. But in
June, the U.S. Supreme Court dealt a serious blow
to efforts to seize the unreported cash, ruling in a
precedent-setting case that such seizures often
violate constitutional protections against "excessive
The new proposal is aimed at correcting the
loopholes opened up in the June court decision. It
would for the first time allow law enforcement
officials to arrest people concealing currency before
they even reach the border.
It would allow the seizure of $10,000 or more at the
nation's ports and highways -- hundreds of miles
from any crossing -- if agents can prove that there is
intent to smuggle the concealed money out of the
But it goes beyond that, giving agencies tools they
have not had in the fight to stop the flow of illegal
drug profits out of the country, said Stefan D.
Cassella, the assistant chief of the money-laundering
and forfeiture section of the U.S. Department of
"This is a major step forward to address a new
problem," Cassella said. "We know that the covert
movement of currency across borders is indicative
and inherently related to criminal activity."
Civil libertarians condemned the proposed law,
which the Justice Department sent to Congress on
Monday, because they said it would expand the
ability of law enforcement agencies to seize currency
and keep it.
A series published in The Record this year revealed
how New Jersey, with its sprawling seaport,
international airport, lax laws, and proximity to New
York and Philadelphia, had emerged as a hub for
money laundering and currency smuggling over the
past 15 years. Cassella said the decision to push for
the more stringent laws was inspired in part by The
Record's stories.
In its letter to Congress, the Justice Department
cited the series as evidence of the growing problem
in currency smuggling.
The proposed law would give officials the ability to
go after a wider range of smuggling that has been
difficult for them to stop. Every year, for instance,
billions of dollars in illegal drug profits is smuggled
across the border unchecked, crammed into washing
machines, refrigerators, or hidden under false
bottoms in suitcases and trucks bound for the
Over the past nine months, customs inspectors have
seized more than $11 million at the border that
stretches from Texas to California.
And at Port Newark, Customs agents seized $5.5
million in fiscal year 1997, the fourth-highest amount
seized among all U.S. ports.
Cassella said the Justice Department hopes its
proposal will be offered as an amendment to
money-laundering legislation being considered by the
House. But several congressional staffers were
skeptical that the proposal would be considered by
this Congress, because of the controversy over civil
forfeiture. Congress is slated to adjourn is less than a
In addition, the new regulations, if passed, would
likely face immediate legal challenges.
In June, the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the
seizure of $357,144 from a Hollywood, Calif., gas
station owner. Federal officials seized Hosep Krikor
Bajakajian's money after the Syrian immigrant tried
to carry it out of the country without reporting it --
even though he was told of the federal reporting
requirements by customs agents. A divided court
ruled the fine was excessive because the only impact
of Bajakajian's crime was to deprive the government
of "information on a piece of paper."
By creating a category of crime called "bulk cash
smuggling," law enforcement officials hope to
convince the Supreme Court that efforts to evade
detection could have a direct impact on the "security
and integrity" of the nation's borders, Cassella said.
The crime would be punishable by up to five years in
prison and forfeiture of the money involved.
"Bulk cash smuggling is an inherently more serious
offense than simply failing to file a customs report,"
Justice Department officials wrote in an explanation
of the bill provided to Congress. "Because the
constitutionality of forfeiture is dependent on the
'gravity of the offense' . . . it is anticipated that the full
forfeiture of smuggled money will withstand
constitutional scrutiny in most cases."
Local prosecutors hailed the proposed change.
"Clearly, it's an effort to convince the Supreme
Court that Congress did view this as more than a
mere reporting violation and that forfeiture of the
smuggled money is appropriate," said Marion
Percell, an assistant U.S. Attorney in Newark who
specializes in money-laundering cases.
Critics attacked the bill, calling it just another effort
by overzealous law enforcement officials to expand
seizure powers that deprive citizens of due process.
Roger Pilon, director of the Center for Constitutional
Studies at the Cato Institute, warned that civil asset
forfeiture is subject to abuse by law enforcement
"This is unbelievable," he said. "Everything that
Justice does in this area is characterized as a 'major
step.' But that's no justification. Since when is it a
crime to take money out of the country? After all,
whose money is it?"
Rachel King, legislative counsel of the American
Civil Liberties Union, agreed. "The problem is they
have too much power to seize property," she said.
"The laws need to go the other way. What they can
do already is scary."
Staff Writers Julie Fields and Thomas Zambito
contributed to this article.
Copyright (c) 1998 Bergen Record Corp.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-19 13:08:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Going Cashless: Bank ends ECash trial period 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: ignition-point-request
Precedence: first-class
Source:  ComputerWorld
(Online News, 09/17/98 12:16 PM)
Bank ends electronic cash trial
By Mary Lisbeth D'Amico
 The sole U.S. bank to show interest in online payment via electronic cash
this week abruptly ended its three-year trial of DigiCash, Inc.'s ECash
 Citing a new strategy and market conditions, St. Louis-based Mercantile
Bank this week ended a trial that allowed customers to make purchases over
the Internet with electronic coins, Mercantile spokeswoman Beth Fagen
 The trial used ECash, an electronic cash software program created by Palo
Alto, Calif.-based DigiCash. The bank was the sole U.S. client for
DigiCash, which hopes to have another major U.S. trial in place by year's
end, according to William Donahoo, DigiCash's vice president of business
 The trial brought together 5,000 customers with 300 Internet merchants.
Customers gave the bank their credit-card information only once, then
created electronic "coins" at the bank, allowing them to make small
purchases -- or micropayments -- of goods over the Internet without having
to enter a credit-card number each time. The buyer also remains anonymous
to the merchant because the coins don't identify the customer.
 Mercantile inherited the ECash project when it purchased Mark Twain Bank
in 1997, Fagen said. After reviewing its strategy, the bank decided to call
a halt to the trial after it became apparent that few of the project's
participants were Mercantile's core customers in the six Midwestern states
where it operates, she explained.
 Fagen also cited the changing climate in the U.S. for Internet payments.
When the trial was started in 1995, she said, "people were more fearful of
using credit cards to pay for things over the Internet. Now that seems to
have disappeared."
 Although Mark Twain was the first bank worldwide to try out ECash, its
core business never was quite a match for the product, according to Donahoo.
 "But we are still bullish about our prospects for this market," Donahoo
said, pointing out that automated teller machines took nearly 20 years to
gain favor with consumers. DigiCash will concentrate on finding the right
type of merchants for its U.S.-based projects, he said.
 In Europe, DigiCash has ECash projects in progress at Credit Suisse, the
Bank of Austria and Deutsche Bank.
 Copyright (c) 1998 Computerworld, Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-19 13:20:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Stego-empty hard drives... 
This makes me think of something that I probably missed in the bowels of
someone's long previous stego posting (um, stego^stego? :-)), how would you
go about either:
Stegoing an encrypted partition as "blank" hard drive space without
actually writing over it unless you wanted to?
or, even,
Stegoing an encrypted partition as not even *there* at all?
Doesn't seem like it would be too hard conceptually (hah!) and, if done,
might actually defeat such Archie-look-up-the-dress as the British
customsfolk are wont to do these days.
Obviously, even if the partition were found, it would look, to sniffer
programs, as if it were empty, right? :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-20 08:14:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Questions for Magaziner? // taxing crypto 
Okay. Cool. Sorry if I mischaracterized it somehow, I wasn't trying to.
Or was it Diffie who said something like that?
By the way, someone told me that the Crypto "Authors talk with you and
Diffie, etc., was on CSPAN recently, so if someone *really* wanted to, they
could go back, see *exactly* what was said, and say here what the idea was,
(and who to attribute it to, of course), that prompted me to make the, um,
offending, comment, they could do so.
Frankly, I was too hyped from telling the FBI guy he didn't matter anymore,
not to mention his dirty look that followed :-), to remember it accurately
enough for scientific attribution.
"The cost of error on a network full of scientists is bandwidth."
 -- Hettinga's Law of Network Noise
Sorry if I mischaracterized what was surely the right thing to say at the
time... :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-20 16:36:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: It's Sunday and there's a hurricane coming... 
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: It's Sunday and there's a hurricane coming.  We're prepared
with the Pringles and Jamaican ginger beer, and are now just
watching the action on screen and out the window.
One of the things about living in the Financial Cryptography
Capital of the World is that occasionally we get visited by
The Powers That Be, and flattened in the process.
More nuisance than a TLA hate campaign, noisier than
professors' mailing list, and more water than a broken
pipe in a Cyber.  Hurricane Georges is coming to town.
The funny thing is that all along, or at least for many
years, we have known how to control hurricanes.  It was
inevitably one of those cold war US defence contracts, run
by the USAF.  There was some justification based on annoying
naval flotillas at sea, although it wasn't clear whether the
fly-boys were intending to annoy the USN or the Ruskies.
They kept the whole thing quiet, as nobody needs to know that
huge amounts of money can be saved and/or advancing armardas
can be sunk without using the other expensive toys developed
by the other programs.
Trials did occur, but the technology failed to make it into
the commercial market.  In order to hide the true potential,
the brass hats put a strict 56-miles limit on the application
for civilian purposes, thus revealing that you could only move
the beast around, you couldn't really tame it.
The real problem with the technology was that hurricanes still
wanted to go in roughly the same direction, and all one could
do was to pay the fee to the Air Force to get it moved 56 miles
up or down the coast.  Needless to say, the Generals were
surprised to receive competing bids for services in the first
live civilian hurricane.
After a lot of confusion and multiple contradictory bids being
accepted, the hurricane entered, destroyed, and left.  As did
the Generals, with the loot.  This misuse of what were now public
funds was considered sufficient to slap the exec order on the
whole deal, conveniently making illegal any class action suits
over the misused private funds.
Working on this problem for some time has led to a solution.
Using an anonymous cash protocol, we have built an Internet-based
solution for setting the market-driven price for a hurricane path.
Conveniently, we have also contracted delivery services from the
specialists, those very same Generals, who are now living in the
islands near here under assumed names and ranks.
Up until now, the whole idea was received with less than religous
fervour.  Either nobody believed we could do it, or the locals
were simply playing on island time.  Just as we were about to give
it up and retire to banana growing, Georges showed up and contracts
started winding in.
Market operators have a duty to track activity and ensure
that no insider trading occurs (those pesky Generals).  This
responsibility has expanded into advice for traders of attractive
opportunities for investment, either in the future positions
market or in our line of lamps, air-dropped generators, and
emergency supplies of Pringles.
We've also been able to track geographical trends for governmental
statistical purposes.  Georges was nominally slated to cross the
islands at Guadeloupe, but heavy market pressure backed by church
collections on thursday night purchased a shift north in track.
Getting in early was profitable for the Guadeloupians.
St Martins then bought heavily and shifted it back on a close
to due east track.   Unfortunately the French fluffed it last night
by downgrading their alert to a warning, so all the world knows now.
Antigua, being stuck in the middle, then bought in, backed up by
Monsterrat (who raised funds by threatening the Brits with another
thousand refugees).  Since then Georges has been yoyoing across the
map and the market has gone to hell in a hand basket.
The Generals had been raking in the delivery contracts, but have
posted an aircraft maintainance alert and tripled the premium.
Antiguan alternate government types, engaged in a power play
with their legal counterparts, have traded a mammoth contract to
have the hurricane move _towards_ them.  Unhappy at the Generals'
reluctance to fly, they've issued an options contract of another
kind on the market operators, that will be 'in the money' if their
other contract is not fulfilled.
Meanwhile, a catholic mama in the US virgin islands had a little
flutter on the market to help her more easterly daughter.
Failing to spot mama's anonymous currency transaction form, the IRS have
declared the area in general and hurricanes in particular to be a major
money laundering effort, and have a SWOT team flying in.  At least, the
men in black will fly in once they complete negotiations with the Generals,
who previously contracted all airports for the hurricane season, and
are prepared to deal in exchange for an amnesty for previous picadillos.
The market still goes strong, having at this stage traded 10% of
the GDP of the East Caribbean.  We're prepared for the long run,
with defense in depth by redundant UPS and generators, multiple IP
and interlocking 50 cal machine guns.  If only we could stop our
shareholders from killing each other, we could advance our plans
to open trading in Florida.
Phew.  This Jamaican ginger beer is strong stuff, and we're already
out of Pringles.  Oh, and there's a hurricane coming.
El Generalissimo.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-20 16:44:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: GILC Campaign to remove crypto restrictions from Wassenaar              Arrangement 
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-Msmail-Priority: Normal
X-Mimeole: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Importance: Normal
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion The following excerpt from the Global Internet Liberty Campaign (GILC) Web
page briefly describes its recent issuance of a statement calling for the removal
of cryptography export restrictions from the Wassenaar Arrangement. Further
background information on this international Arrangement, and on the
considerable international support for this statement can be found at
Electronic Frontiers Australia (EFA)'s Web Site. Dr. Michael Baker of EFA is
the primary author and original sponsor for the GILC statement. Further
information is also available at the Wassenaar organization's Web site,
In principle, Wassenaar is the international version of those regulations
that currently place restrictions on exporting strong crypto outside the
U.S. All of the 33 member countries agree to abide by a set of standards for
exporting encryption products from their countries, for the benefit or
preventing terrorism, making international law enforcement's job easier,
Individuals subscribing to this list may wish to review this material, and
add their organization or association's support to this important campaign.
It is timed to coincide with the current round of Wassenaar talks in Vienna
that begin this month, and continue through November.
Richard Hornbeck
The major impediment to the wide spread adoption of cryptography, to protect
vital infrastructures from attack
and electronic commerce from fraud, has been controls on the export of
cryptography. The only international
agreement on the export of cryptography is the Wassenaar Arrangement, which
wrongly classes encryption as
a dual-use technology (one that could be used for offensive purposes).
On 15th September 1998 Members of the Global Internet Liberty Campaign
issued a statement calling for the
removal of cryptography export restrictions from the Wassenaar Arrangement.
Since then companies and associations have been expressing their support for
the statement.
If your company or association wishes to "sign" the following support
     "We, the undersigned companies and associations support the Global
Internet Liberty Campaign
     Member Statement of 15th September 1998 calling for the removal of
cryptography export restrictions
     from the Wassenaar Arrangement."
please write to  giving your company or association name,
web address and country.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-21 17:44:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: My favorite Clinton Quote from Today... 
"I'm trying to be honest with you, and it hurts me."
"I am not a crook."?
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-21 17:45:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Alone 
"...it depends on how you define 'alone'.".
Alone enough to get a blowjob?
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-22 11:35:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Dead Men Tell No Tales 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: softwar (CharlesSmith)
It is said, "dead men tell no tales."  If that were true, then
America would have never known of the real story behind the
Clinton administration.  Two dead men are calling from their
graves for the last few years of their lives to be told.  The
ghosts of Vince Foster and Ron Brown hover over Bill Clinton.
Vince Foster and Ron Brown were both involved in the Clinton -
China encryption scandal.  One known event took place in May
1993 when Vince Foster, Webster Hubbell and Bernard Nussbaum
paid the National Security Administration (NSA) a visit.  These
three fine gentlemen, with close connections to Hillary Clinton
and the Arkansas Rose Office Law Firm, were tasked by President
Clinton to help develop policy for U.S. communications
According to Foster's secretary, the White House lawyer also had
binders from the NSA in his office.  Binders that were never
turned over by the White House.  White House officials denied
that Foster had any connection with the NSA.  However, documents
forced from the NSA by Washington Weekly and an interview with
former NSA Director Adm. McConnell both confirmed Foster's
presence at Ft. Meade in 1993.
Foster's attendance at Ft. Meade also confirmed that Attorney
General Janet Reno tasked Hubbell to encryption policy.  Hubbell
had access to Top Secret material on U.S. encryption.  This fact
was confirmed by a series of 1997 interviews with Democratic and
Republican staff members in the House.  Congressman Dan Burton
currently holds documents where Hubbell held long meetings with
Foster and now CIA Director George Tenet inside the White House
in 1993.  Burton cannot release those documents because
Democratic members have threatened to walk.
Hubbell was convicted in 1994 for fraud at the same time he was
paid hundreds of thousands of dollars by Indonesian billionaire
Moctar Riady.  Riady and his Lippo group had a great deal of
interest in advanced U.S. technology.  Riady's man inside the
Clinton administration was John Huang at the Brown Commerce
Department.  The Commerce Department asserted in writing in 1997
to this author that John Huang had no encryption documentation.
Yet, the CIA briefed Huang 37 times on satellite encryption
technology while at Commerce.  Huang's co-worker, former DNC
fundraiser Ira Sockowitz, walked out of the Commerce Department
in 1996 with over 2,000 pages of top secret information on
satellite encryption, space launch and earth imaging technology.
Sockowitz was supposed to fly with Brown on the fatal trade trip
but he took an advance flight ahead of the Secretary instead.
Sockowitz identified Ron Brown's body at the crash scene.
Sockowitz left Commerce with the secrets only days after Brown's
death.  He was never prosecuted nor investigated.
One Sockowitz document was so classified that the NSA sent a
representative to testify before Federal Judge Royce Lamberth in
order to keep it secret.  NSA testimony showed that Sockowitz
took a highly classified report based on informants from inside
other countries and inside the U.S.
The list of nations and foreign intelligence services affected
by the leaked report reads like a Rand McNally road map of
secret services around the world.  According to the testimony,
release of the report would affect the "careers" of many foreign
officials.  The last U.S. official who had similar career
problems was convicted spy Johnathan Pollard - now spending life
in prison for passing U.S. encryption secrets to Israel.
Other documents hidden among the Sockowitz files include a
classified series of memos from the Commerce Undersecretary for
Export Administration (BXA) William Reinsch.  The memos detail a
July 1996 Clinton waiver for Loral satellite exports to China
and Russia.  In July 1998, House National Security Committee
Chairman Spence told BXA head Reinsch to produce that memo and
other documents taken by Sockowitz.  So far, the White House and
Reinsch have been unable to comply.
Loral attorneys also claimed to Chairman Rohrabacher of the
House Space Sub-Committee that the million dollars Loral CEO
Schwartz gave to the DNC bought no special favors, and that
Loral passed no military technology to China.
The Loral claims are ridiculous.  Loral's own letters of
complaint to Ron Brown clearly show both claims to be false.
The claim that no military technology was exported is disputed
by Loral's own 1994 briefing memo given to Ron Brown that states
that satellites such as Globalstar were "commercial applications
of DoD technology."
Another example is when Loral DEFENSE President Jerald Lindfelt
wrote Brown a letter in 1996 where he expressed his desire to
sell advanced Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) technology to
China.  Lindfelt wrote "We've worked hard trying to resolve
these problems with the Department of State, the Department of
Commerce and the Defense Technology Security Administration
(DTSA), but someone in these organizations always manages to
block our participation...  Could you help us by identifying
someone in the Commerce Department high enough in the
organization to help us resolve these issues and open this
marketplace to our participation."
Thus, Loral "Defense" President Lindfelt asked Brown to
over-ride the State Department, the Defense Department and the
Commerce Department to ship a radar system that experts in all
three agencies had objected to.  Only Clinton could do that, and
he took big dollars from Bernard Schwartz.
The claim that Mr. Schwartz received no special favors is almost
laughable.  In 1996 Loral requested that President Clinton hold
up his signature on the Globalstar export waiver so Loral could
include an encrypted satellite telemetry control station for
In 1994 President Clinton arranged for Schwartz to meet Shen
Rong-Jun, Vice Minister of the Chinese Commission of Science,
Technology and Industry for National Defense (COSTIND).  Of
course, Shen Rong-Jun usually goes by his better known title of
Lt. General Shen Rong-Jun of the People's Liberation Army.
COSTIND, according to the GAO, is "an agency of the Chinese
military (which) oversees development of China's weapon systems
and is responsible for identifying and acquiring
telecommunications technology applicable for military use."
Another example from the files of Ron Brown shows that the wife
of Chinese General Ding Henggao, Madam Nie Li, obtained
permission under a "commercial license" through the Commerce
Department to export an advanced - encrypted - secure fiber
optic communications system to China.  According to the same
documentation, General Ding Henggao is also the Director of
The same 1996 document notes that Mr. Xie Zhichao, COSTIND
Electronics Design Bureau Director, and communications expert
Deng Changru were part of the executive management for the same
Chinese front company.  Mr. Xie and Mr. Deng also have other
formal titles.  They are both Lt. Colonels in the Chinese Red
Army.  These astonishing facts on Clinton - Chinese Army deals
come directly from the U.S. Commerce Department.
Yet, the Commerce Department claimed on September 1, 1998 that
it cannot "confirm nor deny the existence of any records" in
regard to a Freedom of Information (FOIA) request for
information on "COSTIND".  Furthermore, the Commerce Department
claims "If records were to exist they would be exempt from
disclosure...  unless the release of such information is
determined by the Secretary to be in the national interest."
Obviously, I can confirm that documents on COSTIND exist inside
the Commerce Department.
There is still more evidence the Commerce Department is covering
up crimes committed under Secretary Brown.  For example, in
response to two different FOIA requests, the Commerce Department
returned one trade report twice in 1998.  The first version of
the trade report was heavily blacked out for "commercial" and
"privacy" reasons.  The second, a duplicate of the first,
revealed that Indonesian dictator Suharto had cut his son-in-law
in on a private powerplant deal built and financed by the U.S.
government.  Of course, the U.S. contractor that needed Brown
advocacy to win the deal was also a big donor to the DNC.
The accidentally released 1994 APEC Advocacy trade report spells
out exactly the kind of data being withheld from the U.S.
public.  The report shows the Brown Commerce Department pushed
the power plant despite known corruption and kickbacks.  "ADB is
skiddish about involvement of Indonesia's first family (a
minority shareholder is married to Pres. Suharto's daughter)...
Ambassador Barry has been working with Executive Director Linda
Yang, at the ADB who is 'doing all she can.'"
Another page from the 1994 trade report shows that Commerce
officials were suspicious of Indonesian corruption with French
space companies.  The document notes the intense competition to
win satellite launch contracts for Indonesia between the U.S.
and France included "allegations that the French have paid
'incentive money' to the Indonesians, but this cannot be
Written evidence that American, Indonesian and French taxpayers
were being swindled.  Three governments, spanning three
continents, all involved in one crime.  A trail of evidence
leading to the Commerce Department and to Bill Clinton, all
blacked out in one hidden report from the late Ron Brown.
The ghosts of dead men haunt this government, kept alive by
fresh lies and hidden under blacked out reports.  Evidence on
the transfer of nuclear missile technology to communist China
and kickbacks to the Clinton/Gore campaign.  Despite the
evidence of crimes - the cover-up continues at the Commerce
Department, at Ft. Meade, and inside the White House.
index of source documents -
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR               softwar
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
SOFTWAR EMAIL NEWSLETTER                            09/22/1998
***  to unsubscribe reply with "unsubscribe" as subject    ***
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-23 07:03:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: US Easing Bank Rules on Big Cash Transactions 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  New York Times
September 22, 1998
U.S. Is Easing Bank Rules on Big Cash Transactions
By REUTERS
WASHINGTON -- The Treasury Department announced Monday
that it was trimming its requirements for reporting large cash
transactions. The measures had been introduced to try to curb money
Banks had criticized the requirements, the Treasury said, "because they
mandated repetitive paperwork" for routine transactions. The changes
will lighten the banks' paperwork load but will make bankers responsible
for acting as monitors and reporting anything to the authorities that they
think is out of the ordinary and that might indicate criminal activity.
The new rules will permit banks to conduct most transactions with "cash
intensive businesses" without having to report to the Government under
the 1970 Bank Secrecy Act. But banks will still have to file reports on
transactions of $10,000 or more with individuals and with certain types
of businesses.
"This rule does not exempt banks from reporting suspicious activity
involving those exempted activities," the Treasury said. "In addition,
certain categories of businesses, such as real estate brokers, automobile
dealers and money transmitters, may not be exempted."
The reporting requirements were originally established to help law
enforcement officials combat money-laundering by drug dealers and
other criminals who pass large amounts through businesses and banks to
give an appearance of legality.
The new rules, published today in The Federal Register, will permit a
bank to exempt a domestic business that routinely needs large amounts of
cash simply by filing a form stating that the business is exempt. The
business must have been a customer of the bank for at least a year.
Banks, savings institutions and credit unions can begin using the new rules
on Oct. 21.
The Treasury said businesses exempted from reporting rules by a bank
must have their exemptions reviewed every two years. But it said it was
dropping a requirement that banks include details about all of a
customer's transactions on the renewal form.
In 1997, the Treasury said, more than 12 million currency transaction
reports were filed. It said that as a result of the latest rules changes, as
well as an earlier streamlining of reporting requirements for transactions
between banks, financial institutions should be able to reduce such filings
by about 30 percent.
 Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-23 16:44:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: No Privacy for Privacy Hypocrites 
Oh, *this* is rich...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: love
Originator: info-policy-notes
Sender: info-policy-notes
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment: To unsubscribe from this list, send the message "unsubscribe
info-policy-notes" to "listproc  Leave the "Subject:" line
No Privacy for Privacy Hypocrites
     A grass-roots citizen group is forming to address the
unrestrained assault on privacy represented by the Kenneth
Starr/Congressional investigations into President Clinton's sex
     The group, named "No Privacy for Privacy Hypocrites," (on
the web at  intends to make Congress
confront the privacy concerns that are raised by the
investigation, by asking Members of Congress to declare their own
standards regarding privacy, and deal with the consequences.
     The group is concerned that the investigation into the
President's sex life is having a negative impact on privacy that
will affect ordinary citizens.  "This whole sad affair is the
product of decades-long disrespect for privacy, for which our
political leaders are responsible," said Evan Hendricks, Editor
and Publisher of Privacy Times and one of the organizers of the
     "This effort is intended to arrest the free fall of privacy
rights triggered by the stunning abuses of power by the Starr
investigation and the Congressional dissemination of personal
information," said Jamie Love.  "This should be a wake-up call
for Congress," said Gary Ruskin.
     On Monday, September 28, 1998, the group will distribute a
survey to Members of Congress asking:
     Do you believe any branch of government should investigate
     allegations that elected officials have committed adultery,
     including allegations that they have lied about it?
     If a Member answers yes or if the Member refuses to answer
the first question, then (and only then) they will be asked:
     Have you ever committed adultery, and have you ever lied
     about it?
     The survey is designed so that Members of Congress who
support privacy will not be asked about their own private lives.
     The answers to the survey will be placed on the web at
 as soon the surveys are returned.
     CITIZEN INVOLVEMENT
     There are several ways people can participate in this
1.   You can join the group by sending a note to
     info
2.   You can join an Internet discussion about the campaign by
     sending a note to listproc with the message:
     sub noprivacy Jane Doe
     (If your name is Jane Doe).
3.   You can offer suggestions for the web page, which needs some
     work.
4.   You can encourage your own Members of Congress to answer the
     survey.
For more information, see the No Privacy for Privacy Hypocrites
web page at      Organizers of the Committee gave different reasons for
joining.  Audrie Krause said "Wasn't there something in the New
Testament that says let he who is without sin cast the first
stone?  And since we are heading toward a public stoning, we
should ask, is anyone in Congress qualified to cast the first
     Jim Warren, the well-known Internet activist, said:
"If politicians are going to compete with the Jerry Springer
Show, let's make sure that ALL of the best actors have an EQUAL
opportunity to expose their bedroom activities to the world.
. . . Any member of Congress who refuses to answer this simple
survey, but votes to pursue hearings about some other
politician's private sex-life, should be voted out of office."
     Catherine Gavin said "All this looks as if some people
in this country had decided to drive a car going faster and
faster, without caring that there were no brakes on the car.
Something has to be done before all of us get hurt in the final
crash. This is about a lot of things, but it is mostly about
privacy, or the prospect of living in a world with no privacy."
     Initial Organizing members of the Committee
     Initial Organizers of the Committee, which is an Ad Hoc
group, include:  Gary Ruskin, Marc Rotenberg, Jim Warren, Manon
Anne Ress, Jamie Love, Catherine Gavin, Audrie Krause, Noe
Hatchuel, Charles Bennington, Evan Hendricks.
     To contact the Committee, send email to info
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-23 16:44:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Microgov't: Old Red Tape Looks Good in Comparison 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Government Executive Magazine
September 22, 1998
DAILY BRIEFING
The dawn of the era of microgovernment
By Jonathan Rauch, National Journal
On Feb. 12, Americans awoke to read in their newspapers
that the U.S. government-settler of the West, vanquisher of
totalitarianism, conqueror of the moon-now writes the rules of
Casey Martin is a professional golfer who suffers from
Klippel-Trenaunay-Weber syndrome, a congenital circulatory
disorder that gives him pain and swelling in his right leg.
Because Martin cannot walk the links, a federal judge ruled
that he had the right, under the 1990 Americans With
Disabilities Act, to play the PGA Tour using a golf cart. "Mr.
Martin is entitled to his modification because he is disabled,"
said Judge Thomas M. Coffin. "It will not alter what's taking
place out there on the course."
To Martin and the judge, this was a "reasonable
accommodation," fair to Martin and therefore required by law.
To the Professional Golfers' Association of America, it was an
unreasonable intrusion, unfair to all the players who must wear
themselves out trudging picturesquely from hole to hole. One
interesting question was whether walking is part of the game of
golf. A more interesting question, however, was how the
government got into the business of deciding whether walking is
part of the game of golf. This was a line of work that the most
ambitious New Deal economic planner would find startling.
Today, conservatives denounce law-making courts,
communitarians denounce the "rights industry," businesses
denounce the litigation explosion. Each critique has some merit,
as far as it goes; but this article posits that none of them goes
far enough. If you want to understand the full implications of the
Casey Martin phenomenon, you need to view it-and the
many thousands of other cases in which individuals and their
lawyers (or lawyers and their individuals) press rights-based
lawsuits-as nothing less than America's third and most
extraordinary wave of regulation. Call it microgovernment: a
style of regulating based on the premise that each individual is
entitled to a safe, clean or, especially, fair personal
Microgovernment is not the same thing as small
government-far from it. In fact, it is remarkably expansive
government, but its immensity takes the peculiar form of an
infinity of microdecisions, each building upon, yet separate
from, all the others. In this, it is radically different from earlier
periods of regulatory activism. The first two waves of
regulation dealt in big, clunky agencies issuing one-size-fits-all
rules aimed at making people better off, on the average.
Microgovernment comes as a steady drizzle of court decisions,
seeping through the pores of civic life. Regulatory agencies,
such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, are
involved, but mostly as plaintiffs rather than as bureaucratic rule
makers. The main regulators are, indeed, not agencies at all,
but claimants and lawyers and judges and juries, all working
independently to spin, in the fashion of a mass of caterpillars, a
cocoon of intricate social regulation that enfolds even the most
minute details of everyday life.
"It's basically just an accumulation of micro-outcomes," says
Pietro S. Nivola, a political scientist at the Brookings Institution
(where I am a writer in residence). "You're not even setting
broad targets or goals. You add up a million cases, and that's
what you get."
So today, there is nothing unusual about waking up one
morning to find the government writing the rules of golf. The
New York State Board of Law Examiners is required to give
extra time on the bar exam to a woman who claims
(contestedly) to have a reading disability. A group of gay
municipal workers in Seattle is told it must include a hostile
heterosexual man who outspokenly believes in "biblical values."
A television production company is ordered to pay a $5 million
judgment for refusing to cast a visibly pregnant woman in the
role of a seductive vamp. The Supreme Court, in its majesty,
decides when a coach may and may not smack a football
player on the rump.
This article examines a cluster of familiar, sometimes
overfamiliar, goings-on and tries to look at them in a new way:
not as artifacts of jurisprudence but as a system of social
control. In other words, as regulation-but of a sort that has
eluded the scrutiny that regulation ordinarily gets.
Regulation, of course, is necessary, and no system is perfect,
and top-down, bureaucratic rule-making has more than its
share of problems. But microgovernment is fundamentally
different from other regulatory systems: It is less accountable,
less rational, and more intrusive than anything the New Deal or
the Great Society tried.
The Third Wave
In the standard account of things, there have been two great
and distinct waves of regulation in America, one now decrepit,
the other still robust. The first was economic regulation, which
began a century or so ago, in the days of the robber barons,
and lasted through the New Deal; the second was social
regulation, which blossomed in the 1960s and 1970s. Each
wave had its distinctive theory.
For the economic regulators, the problem was that markets
were unstable and prone to manipulation by cartels. The
solution was to establish agencies to control prices (passbook
interest rates, airfares, farm prices) and regulate entry into
markets (banking, communications, peanut-growing). For
social regulators, the problem was that markets dump social
harms ("externalities") on individuals who can't readily organize
to protect themselves. The solution was the creation of
agencies to reduce pollution (the Environmental Protection
Agency) or to act on behalf of consumers (the Consumer
Product Safety Commission), workers (the Occupational
Safety and Health Administration), drivers (the National
Highway Traffic Safety Administration).
Although the two waves were distinct, they had in common
their decision-making style, namely bureaucratic rule-making,
otherwise known as red tape. That is where the standard
history ends.
It is also where the third wave begins. Like the earlier two, the
third is rooted in a theory of market failure: that markets are
often unfair or hurtful. Its solution, however, breaks sharply
with the earlier two models, by rejecting the bureaucratic
model. Instead of looking to the executive branch to issue
rules, individuals (or agencies standing in for individuals) have
gone to court for redress. Under pressure from activists with
regulatory agendas and ordinary people with genuine
grievances, the courts have responded. In the 1960s and
1970s, a series of decisions broadened the traditionally narrow
tort laws to allow people to collect damages for more harms
and for more reasons. The result lies in a peculiar gray zone
between a traditional, negligence-based tort system and a
randomly enforced right to personal safety. Tillinghast-Towers
Perrin, a management consulting firm, reports that, from the
mid-1960s to the mid-1980s, tort costs more than doubled as
a share of the economy (to more than 2 percent), with lawyers
getting about 30 percent of the take and plaintiffs less than half.
In general, the tort system is not so much unreasonable (the
horror stories are exceptions) as ambitious. People howled in
1992 when a grandmother named Stella Liebeck spilled hot
coffee on herself and won a $2.7 million punitive judgment
against McDonald's. In fact, the case was not silly: Liebeck's
burns required hospitalization and skin grafts, McDonald's
acknowledged having received 700 prior burn complaints, and
the punitive judgment was eventually reduced to $480,000.
The larger significance, however, was that juries were
colonizing the territory previously reserved for bureaucrats and
politicians. A National Restaurant Safety Administration, if it
existed, could conduct rule-making to decide whether one burn
for every 24 million McDonald's coffees sold is a problem
worth worrying about, or whether, in the big scheme of things,
other safety problems are more important. In the court case,
however, the jury saw just a burned grandmother and an
arrogant corporation that had dismissed 700 burns as "trivially
different from zero."
"The case prompted McDonald's, and other restaurants, to
turn down the heat on the coffeepots," reported The Hartford
(Conn.) Courant. America must be the only country in the
world where juries regulate the temperature of coffee.
The people who worried that product-liability law was
becoming a right to safety were not particularly noticing that, on
a separate track, another series of lawsuits was establishing a
right to fairness. For instance, the courts waded into a swamp
of workplace-harassment litigation and embarked upon what
became an astonishingly ambitious regulatory project. The
courts construed the 1964 Civil Rights Act, which forbids
racial or sexual discrimination in the "compensation, terms,
conditions, or privileges of employment," as covering not just
hiring and firing and wages but as striking "at the entire
spectrum of disparate treatment of men and women in
employment." That was a pretty big spectrum, and striking at it
required, among other things, that each individual's workplace
environment be free of sexual harassment, as defined by juries
and judges. Other decisions established a parallel right to be
free of other forms of discriminatory harassment, which was left
for entrepreneurial plaintiffs and puzzled juries to define. The
chart on page 2152 shows the result: Federal
anti-discrimination lawsuits have almost tripled in this decade.
By 1998, regulating through the courts had become, in effect,
Washington's default mode. Why bother with a new
bureaucracy to regulate health maintenance organizations, when
you can just pass a "patients' bill of rights," meaning (in some
versions) regulating HMOs through private litigation? No need
to hire bureaucrats, make painful political choices or spend
taxpayers' money; regulation by lawsuit is self-financing and
self-propelled. "It's really a shift to off-budget governance,"
says Nivola. The trouble is that it is off-accountability, too.
Digging a Tunnel
Imagine that, instead of a Clean Air Act, with its endless rules
for sulfides and scrubbers, we just had a Clean Air Bill of
Rights: "No corporation or business establishment shall impose
an unfair, excessive or unreasonable burden of air pollution on
any person or group."
Then suppose that, instead of creating an EPA, we granted
everybody standing to sue for large sums of money. In effect,
we would give every individual the right to a clean set of lungs
and leave it to juries to decide what that means. Instead of
viewing, say, Los Angeles as a big patch of air containing 10
million people, we would view Los Angeles as 10 million pairs
of lungs, each equipped with a lawyer. The government's
perspective is inverted: What was seen from the top down, as
a large environment with many difficult trade-offs, is instead
seen from the bottom up-as 10 million microenvironments,
each to be regulated in its own right. It is this inversion of
perspective that distinguishes microgovernment from other
kinds of regulation, and that accounts for its often-bizarre
Over the past few decades, economists and good-government
types have learned a thing or two about good regulatory
hygiene. Some of the basic rules are:
 Set an overall goal before putting particular rules in
 place;
 Target outcomes, not process-success means reducing
 pollution or reducing on-the-job injuries, not writing
 rules or levying fines;
 Look at the big picture; weigh overall social costs and
 benefits to avoid chasing wild geese (ever since the
 1970s, all major federal regulations are subject to
 cost-benefit review);
 Propose rules in advance (in the Federal Register), and
 give all affected interests plenty of time to comment;
 Write down the finished rules, and make them clear
 enough to comply with;
 Don't give bureaucrats a financial stake in their
 actions-for instance, don't let them pocket the fines
 they levy, lest they turn regulation into a money-making
 scheme;
 Allow for at least arm's-length supervision by politicians,
 so that Congress and the White House can hold
 regulators to account.
Our hypothetical Clean Air Bill of Rights offers not a single one
of those protections. Indeed, it regards them as irrelevant or
improper. Courts and juries can't target outcomes, because
they control only each particular case. There is no big goal, just
the million microgoals of justice in a million particular cases.
And so, with our imagined Clean Air Bill of Rights, particular
justice always trumps regulatory efficiency. The EPA can say,
"Air that is clean for 95 percent of the people is clean enough,"
but no self-respecting court can say to a plaintiff, "Because
other people's lungs are clean enough, you're not entitled to
clean lungs yourself." Clear rules, known in advance? No such
thing; instead, a million court decisions, often conflicting.
Cost-effectiveness? The mandate is to do justice, not to count
cash, and in any event, courts are neither equipped nor
expected to conduct economic analyses of the decisions they
reach. Disinterested regulators? The agenda is driven by angry
complainants and entrepreneurial lawyers who have everything
to gain from finding new behaviors to punish.
Through it all, the politicians are relegated to the peanut gallery
as commentators, except on the rare occasions when they
manage to rewrite a whole law, which is far harder to do than
summoning a regulator to testify before an oversight committee.
"An agency can be punished in a lot of different ways," says
Thomas F. Burke, a political scientist at Wellesley College.
"You can intimate that they're not going to get the same budget
through Congress next year. It's much harder to discipline
courts all across the country, and individuals who are bringing
lawsuits all across the country."
So what happens with our proposed Clean Air Bill of Rights?
Some juries do sensible things, such as finding for plaintiffs who
were exposed to high concentrations of lead. Other juries do
weird things, such as finding for plaintiffs who claim that trees
pollute. Some courts decide that an "unreasonable burden"
means a high likelihood of lung disease, but others decide that
"unreasonable burden" means more pollution in one area than in
another, or any pollution at all. Over the years, things settle
down a little, as precedents accumulate in each old area of
litigation, but meanwhile complainants keep opening new areas
of litigation. In any case, no one can be sure what the
environmental rules are, because no one knows what the next
jury may decide, or what the next plaintiff may dream up. The
result is what Burke has called a "floating legal crapshoot."
Anything could happen.
And anything does.
One-Eyed Regulating
In 1989, the Exxon Valdez spilled more than 10 million gallons
of oil into Alaska's Prince William Sound. The ship's captain,
Joseph Hazelwood, had been drinking (though a jury cleared
him of intoxication) and was known to have sought treatment
for an alcohol problem four years before the accident. In 1990,
with the Justice Department's encouragement, Exxon
established a policy barring employees with histories of drug or
alcohol abuse from 1,500 safety-sensitive jobs, "where an
accident could have catastrophic consequences"-about 10
percent of the company's positions. For people transferred out
of such jobs, the company tries to find positions of comparable
rank and pay. Nonetheless, the EEOC is now suing Exxon for
discrimination under the Americans With Disabilities Act
United Parcel Service requires that its delivery drivers, who
pop in and out of city traffic, have sight in both eyes. It, too, is
being sued by the EEOC under the disability act. Walter K.
Olson, a senior fellow at the Manhattan Institute for Policy
Research and the author of The Excuse Factory: How
Employment Law Is Paralyzing the American Workplace,
points out that this is not exceptional. Omaha paid $200,000 in
damages for refusing to rehire a policeman who had lost his
sight in one eye and had suffered loss of peripheral vision in
another; Northwest Airlines is being sued for declining to hire a
woman with monocular vision to drive maintenance trucks
between airplanes. Aloha Islandair Inc. is being sued for
declining to hire a pilot with vision in only one eye. (If a plane
piloted by such a pilot were to crash, the airline could, of
course, be sued.)
Maybe one-eyed drivers and alcoholic tanker captains are
unsafe on the average, maybe not. But the important thing to
note is that the ADA never reaches that question, because it
forbids basing policy on averages. A bureaucratic rule might
say that if 90 percent of Exxon's jobs are available to
recovering alcoholics, that is enough. But all microgovernment
"sees" is each job, and each disabled person, and each
person's right to accommodation. Microgovernment is
The threat of ADA lawsuits may not create either jobs or
goodwill for the disabled. In a recent study, two Massachusetts
Institute of Technology economists, Joshua Angrist and Daron
Acemoglu, found that the ADA "had a substantial and
statistically significant negative effect on the employment of
disabled people under 40." But who knows? Given that court
decisions are often nebulous or conflicting, that companies
respond to those decisions in many different ways, and that
lawsuits often chase deep pockets and settlement prospects
rather than urgent national problems, microgovernment does
not actually know what it is doing, let alone whether it is doing
it well.
The question is not whether helping the disabled is a good idea;
it is whether letting lawyers do the regulating is the best
method. Successful regulatory systems work by paying
attention to measurable outcomes and by feeding knowledge
about success or failure back into the system. Goals set by
bureaucrats and politicians may or may not be wise, but usually
it is at least possible to know whether a given regulation
succeeds at, say, reducing sulfur emissions or stabilizing freight
charges. The microgovernmental model, by contrast, sets no
overall goals, measures no outcomes, allows for little or no
evaluation of effectiveness or cost vs. benefit, writes few
unambiguous rules, allows no formal public comment even in
cases with sweeping ramifications, exiles politicians to the fringe
of policy-making, and buys us-well, we have no idea what it
buys us. If your goal was to design a regulatory regime that
violated every standard rule of good regulatory practice, you
could hardly do better.
Strip Search
Microgovernment is micro in another sense: not only is it
radically decentralized, but it pokes its nose into everything,
and no corner of life is too small for it to reach. Its
mandate-attaining fairness in every personal
environment-acts as a little microlever, prying here and prying
there, opening one door after another to the onslaught of legal
Ask the PGA. Or ask Bill Clinton, whose sex life was scoured
in fine detail by Paula Corbin Jones' lawyers, thus giving an
enthusiastic microregulator a taste of his own medicine.
Clinton's alleged conduct with Jones was, at least, patently
disgusting. In many cases, distinguishing workplace harassment
from ordinary flirting is difficult; courts must go to great lengths
to do it.
Workplace harassment law was entirely cooked up by the
courts, and is entirely driven by the mandate for fairness in
particular cases. It therefore serves as a good example of the
microgovernmental regulatory style in its purest form. In Oncale
vs. Sundowner Offshore Services Inc., the Supreme Court
ruled this year that discriminatory same-sex harassment is
illegal. What exactly is harassment, and when is it
discriminatory, as opposed to merely, say, mean? The court
helpfully announced that a male football coach may smack a
player on the behind as the player runs onto the field, but may
not smack a secretary (male or female) on the behind in the
back office. Well, what about the locker room? In case the
exact line of demarcation eludes you, the regulators-meaning
the court-provided this guidance:
"The real social impact of workplace behavior often depends
on a constellation of surrounding circumstances, expectations,
and relationships which are not fully captured by a simple
recitation of the words used or the physical acts performed.
Common sense, and an appropriate sensitivity to social
context, will enable courts and juries to distinguish between
simple teasing or roughhousing among members of the same
sex, and conduct which a reasonable person in the plaintiff's
position would find severely hostile or abusive."
This is rather as if the EPA had defined illegal pollution by
saying: "We know it when we see it." To decide whether
harassment has occurred, the court needs to sort through "a
constellation of surrounding circumstances, expectations, and
relationships"-in other words, the intricacies of each
relationship in each workplace situation in each case. Every
joke, every dinner invitation, every friendship becomes a
courtroom exhibit, aswarm with lawyers. Who told which dirty
joke, how often? Who was friends with whom? What did that
dinner invitation signify? In a recent racial-harassment case
involving a black plaintiff and an Asian plaintiff suing their
former employer in Los Angeles, lawyers busied themselves
debating who was more offensive to whom. Remarks to
plaintiffs: "You don't sound like you're black." "Why are your
people's faces so shiny?" "You know, we bombed you
[Japanese] once. We'll do it again." Remarks by plaintiffs:
"dumb Polack," "white trash," "crackers," "redneck," "fucking
Korean." The jury decided the workplace was hostile and
ordered the company to pay $1.9 million.
Given that a microgovernmental lawsuit is often the legal
equivalent of a strip search, the prudent employer
understandably takes no chances on jokes, teasing, or personal
comments around the office. Lately, legal experts are advising
employers not to let workers recount stories from the movie
There's Something About Mary, a sophomoric comedy whose
scenes include, for instance, some business about genitals
caught in a zipper. "If you are telling these kind of jokes, no
matter where they're coming from, you're exposing yourself to
a sexual-harassment claim," Allen Rad, an employment lawyer,
told The Dallas Morning News in July. "You're better off just
not talking about it."
Subjecting each workplace, each job, each relationship, each
joke to exhaustive legal scrutiny can devastate communities that
depend on trust. In Seattle, two successive support groups for
gay city employees have collapsed under the weight of legal
processes launched by a hostile heterosexual man who was
determined to attend their meetings. "I was attempting to find
out what special privileges they were being given," says Philip
Irvin, a city engineer who favors biblical morality and secular
laws criminalizing sodomy. When the gays tried to keep him
out, he filed discrimination charges, and last year the city's civil
rights office found in his favor. The case grinds on through its
eighth year of appeals. Exhausted by the wrangling, the group
has not met since 1997.
At the end of the day, as the law thrashes about and tries to
make every personal environment fair, the results often become
simply bizarre. In one notorious recent case, the restaurant
chain Hooters, whose calling card is its scantily clad waitresses,
paid a $3.75 million settlement (of which almost half went to
lawyers) after three men were turned down for waitressing
jobs. A bureaucracy looking at the labor market as a whole,
with its 370,000 places to eat, might have decided that letting
some restaurants specialize in underdressed female servers is
not a terrible thing. Microgovernment, however, sees only the
unfairness in each particular case. Discrimination in allocating
even one serving job is too much.
The law (under Title IX of the 1972 Education Amendments)
forbids sex discrimination in education programs. In classic
micro style, judges and juries have interpreted this to mean that
each particular school needs to spend as much on women's
sports as it does on men's; because women are less interested
in sports, this has meant achieving equality by shutting down
men's college teams across the country. According to a
National Collegiate Athletic Association survey, men's
gymnastics teams are down to 32, from 133 in 1975. To
comply with a legal settlement, California State University
(Northridge) dropped baseball, soccer, swimming and
Elementary and secondary schools are now getting the same
treatment. ABC's 20/20 noted in May that a lawsuit by two
softball players, Jennifer and Jessica Daniels, required Merritt
Island High School, in Florida, to mothball a concession stand,
a scoreboard and bleachers that parents donated for the boys'
baseball field unless the same items were also donated for the
girls' softball field. When the program asked the girls' lawyer
why she was requesting quadruple legal costs, she replied,
"Because we put that money into other lawsuits." She is
currently suing 10 high schools. Thus the mindless totalism that
gives microgovernment its characteristic resemblance to a
lawnmower propelling itself through a rose garden.
Termite Attack
No doubt it is intrusive, in some sense, to require steel makers
to put scrubbers on their smokestacks, or landowners to
preserve wetlands. Yet the relationships interfered with are
business relationships, and the requirements are, at bottom,
economic. Microgovernment is of a different complexion. "It's
us and our personal behavior," says Robert E. Litan, a
Brookings Institution economist and former Clinton
administration regulator. "This is telling people how they have
to behave." For government, policing jokes at work, or
ordering colleges to set up as many press interviews for female
athletes as for males, or fining the producers of Melrose Place
$5 million for refusing to allow a pregnant actress to play a
bikini-clad seductress, represents a higher and stranger order
of intrusiveness. Never before has the government concerned
itself so minutely with the detailed interactions of everyday life.
Moreover, microgovernment creeps toward you like a swarm
of subterranean termites, rather than charging you like an angry
elephant. There is no city hall to fight, no bureaucrat to argue
with. "There is no forum in which you're having a national,
public dialogue about these questions," says Nivola. "It's not
happening in a legislature. It's taking place in a myriad of
courtrooms, and the cumulative effect of it is the regime. It's so
decentralized that it doesn't offer a visible target."
No one has any idea how much microgovernment costs. It may
well be less expensive than traditional regulation, given the high
costs of such old standbys as trade protections and price
controls. However, microgovernment's costs are best
measured not in money but in government's loss of respect for
people, and people's loss of respect for government. If the
excesses of 1960s and 1970s regulation destroyed the public's
confidence in the bureaucracy, what will the greater and
weirder excesses of microgovernment do to the public's
confidence in the judiciary? And how much grinding up of
personal and professional relationships is required before
someone figures out a way to stop the lawnmower?
Eventually, somehow, someone will. But no one has done so
yet. Microgovernment is in its gaudy first flowering, protected
from the traditional checks on regulatory excess by its moral
prestige as a defender of rights. Indeed, few people even
realize that it is regulation. President Bush embraced the
ultramicro Americans With Disabilities Act, even as his own
vice presidential Council on Competitiveness swore to thwart
regulation. President Clinton thinks nothing of demanding a
patients' bill of rights, even as his own vice president drums
away at the importance of holding regulators accountable to
results rather than to process.
In time, either there will be reforms-of a sort not yet
invented-or microgovernment will simply collapse, as
irrational and unaccountable forms of governance eventually
do. America's extraordinary experiment in regulation without
regulators will fail, and the country will move on. But what will
be the condition of the law when that time comes?
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-24 06:37:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Jury duty considered harmful, or at least rare 
What Fun! Just today, I got a summons for jury duty...
Is there a "do not summon" list? Synchronistic minds want to know.
Frankly, I wonder if most people who vote aren't just moving all the time.
I've lived in the same place 11 years, and my Jury summons comes every
three years, just like clockwork.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-24 12:24:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NRO goes COTS: "Born Secret" ain't what it used to be... 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Organization: Unknown Organization
Precedence: list
Reply-To: Richard Sampson Status: U
NRO TO LAUNCH SATELLITE TO EXPLORE TECHNOLOGIES By Frank Wolfe
  Sep. 23, 1998 (DEFENSE DAILY, Vol. 200, No. 24 via COMTEX) --
CHANTILLY, Va.-The National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) plans to launch
the Space Technology Experiment (STEX) satellite Oct. 1 at Vandenberg
AFB, Calif., to test and validate 29 new technologies.
"The NRO recognizes the national need and challenges of providing
future overhead collection systems with good performance at reduced
cost, so we're aggressively pursuing technology options," John Schaub,
the STEX program director, told reporters yesterday at NRO headquarters
The STEX satellite is the first the NRO has announced prior to launch,
officials said. With the end of the Cold War and the shrinking defense
budget, NRO now believes it needs to justify its programs in a more
open forum, officials said.
Launched aboard an Orbital Sciences Corp. [ORB] Taurus launch vehicle,
STEX is designed to explore new commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS)
technologies to enhance future space missions, like overhead
collection, at a lower cost. The 1,540-pound satellite is designed to
last two years in space.
The STEX program began three years ago when NRO partnered with
Lockheed Martin [LMT] in Colorado, the Naval Research Laboratory and
the Air Force Research Laboratory.
The cost of the satellite--its booster, launch costs and ground
support--is less than $90 million, the NRO said.
"Keeping the schedule short was a key contributor to keeping the total
costs low," Schaub said. "It's significantly cheaper."
NRO director Keith Hall has said he wants to increase NRO's research
and development efforts from 8 percent to 10 percent of the agency's
total budget and STEX is part of that plan (Defense Daily, May 26).
STEX is the first in a series of low-cost demonstrations by the NRO's
Advanced Systems and Technology Directorate.
The technologies to be tested aboard STEX include an Electric
Propulsion Demonstration Module using a Russian-built engine, a 51-
gigabit solid state data recorder (the world's largest), multifunction
solar cells, high-density nickel-hydrogen batteries and an Advanced
Tether Experiment, Schaub said.
The NRO hopes the Advanced Tether Experiment, which is to use four
miles of Spectra 1000-reinforced tether deployed from the satellite,
will boost the agency's knowledge about how to do such things as
raising and lowering spacecraft by tethers and how to increase the
survivability of tethered space systems.
"The program has really managed in a streamlined way. We've used
commercial practices attempting to speed the development of low cost
next generation spacecraft. It's the NRO's version of better, faster,
cheaper," Schaub said.
Copyright Phillips Publishing, Inc.
News provided by COMTEX.
[!BUSINESS] [!HIGHTECH] [!INFOTECH] [!PUBLIC+COMPANIES] [!WALL+STREET]
[AIR+FORCE] [BUDGET] [COLORADO] [NEWS] [NEWSGRID] [NICKEL] [PHL] [POUND]
[RESEARCH] [TECHNOLOGY] [WAR]
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-24 12:21:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: hurricanes and digital commerce and financial cryptography 
X-Sender: rodney
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Rodney Thayer Status: U
Ok, Anguilla has had it's liter of rainwater worth
of fame from this damn hurricane.  Time for South Florida.
So, ahem,...
It's Thursday and there's a hurricane coming.
There's plenty of beer in the starboard refrigerator and plenty
of frozen White Castle hamburgers in the port refrigerator.
The gas generator is all set to keep the server and the notebook
PC battery chargers running.  The local badly run telephone monopoly
claims it can keep the telephone network up, we'll see if they are
telling the truth when there's a foot of water on the road.
In spit of the crypto-refugee claims, there's plenty of crypto
work here, and this 'offshore' location is only about 100 feet
from the mainland so it's not actually exporting code when I
drive back to the office from the local computer store with the
PC in my car.
Here's my commerce question.  How often do people expect to cycle
private keys from PKI systems?  I mean, suppose you have a web
server, or an IPSec router, or some related device.  I would
assume you'd actually generate a new key pair every time you
get a new certificate.  So, for example, if you get a new
certificate every six months for a web server, you would use
a new private key.
It turns out there is some debate over this.  Some people assume
the private key lives essentially forever, and that you'd simply
get a new certificate against the same old key pair.  I myself
think this is rock stupid because one of the threat models is
that the private key gets stolen, and the longer it's used the
longer it's stealable.
This relates to hurricanes.
If you know any IPSec-aware routers, or any secure web servers,
or any other PKI-based devices, and they are in the Florida Keys,
you had better assume they'll need new key pairs as of some time Sunday.
You see, unless I've missed the "waterproofing" requirements in
FIPS 140 (the government security hardware standard), then those
boxes will all be under water and will require replacement.  So any
of these PKI Service Provider models that assume the private key is
immortal are about to be proven wrong.  And there better be something
in your revocation procedure for "the private key was destroyed by
an act of nature".  Look that up in your CPS and your Digital Signature
But I need to go prepare, it's supposed to start getting exciting here
in Clearwater, some time today.
[I pass the torch to some DCSB subscriber in the New Orleans area...]
Rodney Thayer "layer of sand separate transmitted and received packets".
(with apologies to Keith Law son.)
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-24 14:09:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Crisis in the Burg: the 100GB Bug 
Resent-Date: Thu, 24 Sep 1998 14:47:22 -0400
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/212
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: nev
Forwarded-by: Dave Del Torto Forwarded-by: Victor Milan, FBNS
Forwarded-By: Charles Reuben EXPERTS WARN OF THREAT FROM 100GB BUG
Firebringer News Service (FBNS) - Experts warned today of a new and deadly
threat to our beleaguered civilization: the 100GB Bug.
As most people know, McDonald's restaurant signs show the number of
hamburgers the giant chain has sold. That number now stands at 99 billion
burgers, or 99 Gigaburgers (GB). Within months or even weeks, that number
will roll over to 100GB.
McDonald's signs, however, were designed years ago, when the prospect of
selling one hundred billion hamburgers seemed unthinkably remote. So the
signs have only two decimal places.
This means that, after the sale of the 100 billionth burger, McDonald's
signs will read "00 Billion Burgers Sold." This, experts predict, will
convince the public that, in over thirty years, no McDonald's hamburgers
have ever in fact been sold, causing a complete collapse of consumer
confidence in McDonald's products.
The ensuing catastrophic drop in sales is seen as almost certain to force
the already-troubled company into bankruptcy. This, in turn, will push
the teetering American economy over the brink, which, finally, will
complete the total devastation of the global economy, ending civilization
as we know it, and forcing us all to live on beetles.
"The people who know -- the sign-makers -- are really scared of 100GB,"
one expert said. "I don't know about you, but I'm digging up a copy of
THE FIELD GUIDE TO NORTH AMERICAN INSECTS and heading for the hills."
reported by Victor Milan, FBNS
forward freely, please attribute
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-27 12:25:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: US Says Bomb Suspect Had Nuclear Ambitions 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Chicago Tribune
U.S. SAYS BOMB SUSPECT HAD NUCLEAR AMBITIONS
 From Tribune News Services
 September 27, 1998
 AFRICA -- American authorities have
 charged that a person described as a senior
 deputy to Osama bin Laden, the Saudi exile
 suspected in last month's bombings of two
 U.S. Embassies in East Africa, made
 significant efforts on behalf of the bin Laden
 group in 1993 to develop nuclear weapons.
 The authorities said that, in at least one
 case, there was evidence of documents
 relating to a proposed purchase of enriched
 uranium, but they did not say whether the
 group obtained uranium.
 The allegations, concerning Mamdouh
 Mahmud Salim, also assert that bin Laden
 had an official agreement with the Iranian
 government and with Sudan's ruling party to
 oppose the United States.
 They also suggest that the U.S. had
 penetrated the bin Laden organization and
 learned detailed information in 1996.
 The allegations were contained in newly
 unsealed court papers that charged Salim
 with conspiracy to murder and to use
 weapons of mass destruction against
 Americans overseas, including those in
 Saudi Arabia, Yemen and Somalia.
 Salim was arrested in Germany a week ago
 after flying there from Sudan. The U.S. said
 Friday it will seek his extradition to face
 charges in New York City.
 The government also asserted for the first
 time in court papers that the Iranian
 government had entered into a formal
 three-way "working agreement" with bin
 Laden and the National Islamic Front of the
 Sudan to "work together against the United
 States, Israel and the West." The front is the
 ruling party in Sudan.
 The Aug. 7 bombings of the U.S.
 Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania killed
 more than 250 people.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-28 10:31:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks defeat? 
Forwarded with Andrew's permission...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Concerning the recent posting by Jim Donald about micropayments,
let me say that as a co-inventor of a micropayment scheme
(presented at the FC'97 conference) I do see a role for them.
However, I do think it will be a limited role.  The reason
is economic.  It is not just that people don't want to be
"nickeled and dimed."  A more substantive reason is that in
most situations the content producers can get more money
from aggregating content.  I have analyzed this in papers
such as
The bumpy road of electronic commerce, in "WebNet 96 - World
Conf. Web Soc. Proc.," H. Maurer, ed., AACE, 1996, pp. 378-389.
Fixed fee versus unit pricing for information goods: competition,
equilibria, and price wars, P. C. Fishburn, A. M. Odlyzko, and
R. C. Siders, First Monday 2(7) (July 1997), Also to appear in "Internet Publishing and Beyond: The Economics of
Digital Information and Intellectual Property," D. Hurley, B. Kahin,
and H. Varian, eds., MIT Press, 1998.
Both are available at
  Best regards,
Andrew Odlyzko                                      amo
AT&T Labs - Research                                voice:  973-360-8410
                    fax:    973-360-8178
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-28 11:28:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Potentially Big Security Flaw Found in Netscape Software 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  New York Times
September 28, 1998
Potentially Big Security Flaw Found in Netscape Software
By JOHN MARKOFF
SAN FRANCISCO -- A potentially serious security flaw has been
discovered in the programming language used in the Navigator and
Communicator software of the Netscape Communications Corp., with
the defect possibly allowing an outsider to read information on a personal
computer user's hard disk.
The weakness, which was disclosed in Usenet online discussion groups
on Friday by Dan Brumleve, a 20-year-old independent computer
consultant in Sunnyvale, Calif., can be exploited by the Javascript
programming language, which is widely used by World Wide Web page
developers for a variety of common tasks.
Brumleve said that he had tested the attack on a
range of Navigator and Communicator
programs, up through the most recent test
version of Communicator, 4.5, and found the
flaw in all of them. The vulnerability does not affect the Microsoft
Explorer browser and e-mail program, Brumleve said.
He was able to take advantage of the vulnerability by writing a 30-line
piece of Javascript code that is able to capture and copy information
automatically from the so-called cache, or temporary storage area, on a
PC's hard disk. The captured information can reveal which Web sites a
computer user has recently visited.
The captured information could also include data that a computer user
might have created when communicating with a Web site -- including
personal data typed in when registering at a site or conducting a retail
transaction. Credit card information, however, would not be revealed,
because it is protected by separate security software.
"It concerns me, because it means that a high-traffic Web site might use
this to find out what other Web sites their visitors are going to," Brumleve
said in a telephone interview Sunday. He said that the flaw could also be
used by an employer to see if employees were searching for
pornography, for example.
Although there is no evidence that the security flaw has actually been
exploited by someone with harmful intent, the gravity of the threat was
noted by other computer security specialists. They noted that a user's
vulnerability extends beyond visiting a hostile Web site that might exploit
the flaw. The flaw could also be exploited through e-mail received using
Netscape's software, they said, by sending an intended victim an e-mail
message that would secretly force the user to run an illicit Javascript
"This is pretty scary," said Richard M. Smith, president of Phar Lap
Software Inc., a software development company in Cambridge, Mass.
"In some sense the cache on your computer tells a lot about your life."
Privacy of personal information on the Internet has become an
increasingly sensitive issue in recent years as many Web sites have begun
systematically collecting demographic information on Internet users. But
this newly discovered flaw could enable an unscrupulous person or
organization to basically read a person's full Web history.
"This is a huge privacy issue and it goes directly to the current lack of
adequate technical standards to protect privacy on line," said Marc
Rotenberg, director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a
public policy group in Washington. "There's even a question of a
company like Netscape might be liable for the improper disclosure of
private information."
Netscape said Sunday that it was still assessing the problem.
"We're taking a look at the bug, which appears to have privacy
implications," said Eric Byunn, a Netscape product manager. He said that
the company would make an announcement soon about its plans for
responding to the flaw.
 Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-28 11:37:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Bin Laden aide 'tried to buy atomic arms' 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  London Telegraph
Bin Laden aide 'tried to buy atomic arms'
 By Hugh Davies in Washington
 OSAMA bin Laden, the wealthy Saudi exile sought by the FBI for allegedly
 masterminding the bombing of two United States embassies in Africa, has
 used one of his top aides to try to procure nuclear weapons, according to
 American officials.
 Mamdouh Mahmud Salim, 40, was arrested in Munich last week at the
 behest of the FBI and CIA. German officials are eager to extradite him to
 New York. In a criminal complaint against him, federal authorities accuse him
 of plotting with bin Laden since 1992 to murder Americans and use weapons
 of mass destruction.
 Salim is described as having helped to found bin Laden's terrorist network,
 Al-Qaida. He was "particularly influential" with the leader, working as his
 senior deputy. He allegedly sat on the group's majlis al shura, a body that
 planned all terrorist operations and fatwas, death sentences against anyone
 found to have offended Islam.
 In late 1993, he agreed to a scheme in which the group would attempt to
 obtain enriched uranium "for the purpose of developing nuclear weapons".
 The US said that a document in federal hands related to a proposed
 purchase. It was sent to Salim for review. After reading the details, he
 indicated that the purchases should go ahead. Federal officials did not
 elaborate on whether the move was successful.
 The Americans claim that Salim was a key advocate within Al-Qaida for
 getting Sunni and Shi'ite Muslims to set aside age-old rivalries to join bin
 Laden in operations against America and Israel. He was also a main figure in
 negotiating an alliance with Iran, meeting Iranian religious officials in
 and travelling to Teheran to arrange training for his operatives in bombing
 techniques at camps in Lebanon run by Hezbollah.
 The link with Iran comes at a sensitive time for bin Laden. The Taliban
 of Afghanistan, who have given him a safe haven, are at loggerheads with Iran
 over the regime's support for enemy militias.
 Intriguingly, the complaint discloses that the FBI had an informer in bin
 Laden's group as early as 1996. He was described as a member for "a
 number of years" and "personally familiar" with both the leader and Salim.
 This raises questions about how much Washington knew about bin Laden's
 activities before the bombings in Africa.
(c) Copyright of Telegraph Group Limited 1998. Terms & Conditions of reading.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-30 09:24:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: 1998 FBI WISH LIST - Unlimited Wiretaps! 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: softwar (CharlesSmith)
September 29, 1998 --from Congressman Barr's web site
BARR EXPOSES DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE POWER GRAB
WASHINGTON, DC -- U.S. Representative Bob Barr (GA-7) released today
information exposing an effort by the Department of Justice to obtain
massive new enforcement powers in the closing days of the 105th Congress. Barr
obtained the information from a confidential source within federal law
enforcement.  Among other things, the Department's "wish list" for new
authority includes (among others):
A vastly expanded definition of terrorism to include domestic crimes
having no relationship to terrorism.
The power to seize commercial transportation assets for federal use.
The ability to commander personnel from other federal agencies without
Expanded wiretap authority to allow "roving" wiretaps, and wiretaps
without any court authority.
Enlarged asset forfeiture provisions to allow the FBI to seize personal
property in both criminal and civil matters.
The establishment of a permanent "FBI Police Force."
Loosening of Posse Comitatus restrictions to allow more military
involvement in domestic law enforcement.
Authority to force telephone and Internet companies to divulge
information on their customers.
"These requests belong in some bizarre conspiracy novel, not in serious
legislative documents being circulated at the top levels of federal law
enforcement.  These proposals represent a sneak attack on the most cherished
principles of our democracy.  If they become a part of our law, freedom and
privacy in America will be permanently and severely diminished," said Barr.
Barr also noted the Department and the FBI are "shopping" this wish list
in an effort to get the items placed in a spending measure without hearings
or debate.
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR               softwar
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
SOFTWAR EMAIL NEWSLETTER                            09/30/1998
***  to unsubscribe reply with "unsubscribe" as subject    ***
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-30 13:23:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [Fwd: EECS Colloquium Monday Oct 5] 
Organization: Reservoir Labs, Inc.
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Richard Lethin Status: U
Return-Path: Received: from LCS.MIT.EDU (mintaka.lcs.mit.edu [18.26.0.36])
Received: from theory.lcs.mit.edu by MINTAKA.LCS.MIT.EDU id aa29635;
          30 Sep 98 11:30 EDT
Received: from osprey.lcs.mit.edu by theory.lcs.mit.edu (5.65c/TOC-1.2S)
Received: by osprey.lcs.mit.edu (5.65c/TOC-1.2C)
        joanne sgreen jsweeney
        kaths jc texasgal
        bru arthurs dougross
        finn roger
Appended is the notice of an EECS Colloquium by Radia Perleman, on
Monday Oct. 5.  Please post and/or forward as appropriate.
Peter Elias

@_date: 1998-09-30 13:25:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: U.K. Hosts Bomb-Proof Computer Room 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: William Knowles (Network Week) [9.30.98] Anyone worried about the security of
e-commerce might find a nuclear bomb-proof server room lightly
excessive, but that is exactly what British company AL Digital,
the company behind the Apache-SSL secure Web server, is offering.
AL Digital, based in London, is offering host servers at
The Bunker, an ex-military base that was formerly a key British
Ministry of Defense communications center. The company said the
facility had secure chambers buried deep underground and
communications capacity available on tap.
"We feel physical security is often overlooked," said AL
Digital director Adam Laurie. "Hacking and cracking are not
the major risks anymore because of strong encryption; where
you're vulnerable is at the physical point at which you
decrypt the data."
Laurie said the servers based at The Bunker would be protected
against electronic eavesdropping, physical intrusion, and
electromagnetic damage, as well as a nuclear strike.
"We could have built our own secure facility, but we heard
this was on the market," he added. He said it's as physically
robust as Telehouse, a high-security server-hosting facility in
Staten Island, N.Y., if not more so.
I regret to say that we of the FBI are powerless to act in
cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way
obstructed interstate commerce. -- J. Edgar Hoover
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-30 16:09:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Is the .to (Tonga) domain completely rogue and should be removed? 
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: bzs
Originator: com-priv
Sender: com-priv
Precedence: bulk
We've been having increasing problems with one or more porn sites in
the .to domain promoting itself by massive spamming of AOL customers
using one of our domains in their From: header thus causing both
complaints to us and thousands of bounces from AOL due to bad AOL
addresses in their spam lists.
Looking at the .to domain I can't help but notice it's heavily laden
with what appear to be porn sites (sexonline.to, come.to,
xxxhardcore.to, etc.)
1. Performing traceroutes and other analyses seems to indicate that
this domain is NOT being used for communication with entities
legitimately located (legally, not only geographically) within the
sovereignty of the Kingdom of Tonga, as intended.
2. Clearly criminal and malicious activites are arising from sites to
which Tonga has provided comfort and sanctuary.
3. Therefore, I call for a process whereby it can be determined as to
whether or not it is appropriate to decommission the Tongan domain due
to negligence, mismanagement, and having allowed it to become an
attractive resource for criminal activities. I do not believe the
Tongan domain serves any legitimate purpose as an internet resource.
In support of this assertion I want to show you an SMTP conversation
with what claims to be the Consulate of the Government of Tonga in San
Francisco (This San Francisco office is listed as an official Tongan
contact point for visas etc by the US State Dept):
world% telnet sfconsulate.gov.to 25
Trying 209.24.51.169...
Connected to sfconsulate.gov.to.
Escape character is '^]'.
220 colo.to SMTP ready, Who are you gonna pretend to be today?
VRFY postmaster
500 Bloody Amateur! Proper forging of mail requires recognizable SMTP commands!
Consequently, I assert there is no reason for this domain to exist and
it should be removed from the root name servers.
        -Barry Shein
Software Tool & Die    | bzs          | Purveyors to the Trade | Voice: 617-739-0202        | Login: 617-739-WRLD
The World              | Public Access Internet     | Since 1989     *oo*
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-09-01 21:22:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: toto 
Oh, boy... Here we go again.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-01 10:45:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: early reports from Austria: possible crypto stalemate (fwd) 
Sender: owner-cryptography
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Sender: efc-talk-owner
Brief Crypto update:
Sources in Vienna, Austria, where the current Wassenaar negotiations
have been taking place, seem to indicate that there have been no
changes on international crypto policy.  This is generally regarded
as a "good sign", since it means the hard liners (Russia, US, France, UK, NZ)
haven't been successful, and those countries advocating a more liberal
policy may be sticking to their positions.
The next time int'l crypto policy is to be formally negotiated
is apparently early in December.

@_date: 1998-10-01 10:49:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Oct 2 column - take them shooting 
Resent-Date: Thu, 1 Oct 1998 00:29:27 -0600
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/563
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED OCT. 2, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    'And every other terrible implement of the soldier'
    One of the great pleasures of collecting and restoring old firearms is
hauling them out to the range and letting a visitor find out just how good
some of our grandfathers' military engineering really was.
  It can be an even greater pleasure to introduce someone who's previously
been a "Second Amendment agnostic" to the exhilaration that comes with
learning how to safely and effectively handle these historic tools of
freedom. Suddenly some appreciation dawns of what it must have been like to
stand with the Minutemen on that town green in Lexington, or to dig the mud
or snow out of your action, slam in a clip, and carefully squeeze off eight
aimed rounds of 30.06 from the unstoppable Garand.
  These old-timers aren't dainty target rifles. You slam them closed with
the butt of your hand. The weight of steel across your arms, the crack of
bullets breaking the sound barrier (even through modern ear protection) are
sobering. Then, once the newcomer develops that cake-eating grin that comes
when you confirm it was him -- not the wind -- that really knocked down
those cans at 60 yards, you point waaaay down the wash, and explain that
the average infantryman was expected to hit a man-sized target over there,
at 300 yards ... that a marksman was expected to do so at 800.
  "You mean you can hit something out (start ital)there(end ital)? I can't
even (start ital)see(end ital) what's out there."
  "Yes. And I also mean that any trained soldier out there ... can hit you."
  Suddenly all this talk about banning "assault rifles" with "magazines
that hold more than 10 rounds," or rifles with bayonet lugs or flash hiders
(yes, that's why that collector's piece you're holding has been emasculated
with a hacksaw, like an antique table imported with only three legs) start
to come into focus.
  "They made them import this SKS without a bayonet? But they're obviously
designed to carry the folding bayonet, like this older one here. Without it
the cleaning rod rattles around and falls out. And how the heck does taking
off the bayonet make the weapon any less deadly in a shoot-out? Who thinks
up this stuff?"
  Any American can still learn to shoot safely, and then teach one more
person, and then another. It's wonderfully subversive.
  Recently, a fellow who I took out was moved to recall that his father had
qualified as a marksman in the army, but had died before he was able to
teach his son that skill. So pleased was he to start re-learning his
father's skill that he insisted on buying me dinner, to compensate me for
my ammo costs. Two weeks later, the lad who grew up without a father won
the Republican primary, and now stands a good chance of becoming our next
congressman. Good luck selling your victim-disarmament bill of goods to him
now, Ms. Feinstein, Mr. Schumer.
  #   #   #
  Of course, the downside of hauling a collection of arms out to the range
always faced you that evening, when a half-dozen rifles leaned waiting
against the wall, and you started figuring how long you were about to spend
with cleaning rods, powder solvent, jags and patches.
  (And if you find a woman who loves the smell of Hoppe's powder solvent in
her living room, fellows, marry her straight off.)
  Since this has been the fate of the rifleman for centuries, I will admit
it was with the standard "Yeah, right" that I first noticed an ad in one of
the firearms tabloids a few months back for a new product modestly named
the "World's Fastest Gun Bore Cleaner," a patented rayon pull-through cord
with phosphor-bronze bristles braided right into the front. Everyone knows
the only way to clean a rifle barrel is to brush it out with a cleaning
rod, run through cotton patches soaked in solvent, and then run through dry
patches to remove the black soot, repeating again and again in a
semi-hypnotic ritual of devotional labor. Pull some fancy cord once through
the gun and rack it away? Ha!
  Then I dropped by the Soldier of Fortune Expo here in Las Vegas last
month, and spotted a table full of these things, manned by the inventor,
who explained how he got to wondering -- as he was clearing out some
varmints in the frozen wilds of Idaho, cold enough to freeze your fingers
to the barrel -- why in this day of space-age materials no one had invented
a device that would clean a rifle barrel with one pull, no bent or broken
steel rods to haul around, no gouging of the rifle's delicate crown, no
  I bought one of the things -- which you can roll up and carry in your
shirt pocket -- and Bruce Hedge made me a gift of a second one to fit my
pistols (the Bore Cleaner is sized precisely by caliber), my total
"compensation" for this rare and unsolicited product endorsement.
  Because, you see, they work. After that precision-sized brush stutters
through (you want it to stutter -- that means the bristles aren't lying
over sideways because they're too long), the braided cord swipes your lands
and grooves with a surface area equivalent to 160 cotton patches. And when
the cord is dirty, you just wash it out in soapy water, to the tune of 200
to 500 uses.
  Mr. Hedge's biggest problem? Other than finding enough salesmen to move
his product, and butting up against some out-of-date military specs that
are so far keeping our men in uniform from capitalizing on this
breakthrough, that would be "setting aside the $100,000 we figure we're
going to need to protect the patent."
  As the man said, "This changes everything."
  The "World's Fastest Gun Bore Cleaner" is from National Tech-Labs, 5200
Sawyer, Suite H, Boise, Idaho 83714; tel. 208-345-5674. If you shoot, you
want some.
   #   #   #
"Congress have no power to disarm the militia. Their swords, (start
ital)and every other terrible implement of the soldier(end ital), are the
birth-right of an American." -- Tench Coxe, prominent Federalist and friend
of James Madison, The Pennsylvania Gazette, Feb. 20, 1788.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
The evils of tyranny are rarely seen but by him who resists it. -- John
Hay, 1872
The most difficult struggle of all is the one within ourselves. Let us not
get accustomed and adjusted to these conditions. The one who adjusts ceases
to discriminate between good and evil.  He becomes a slave in body and
soul. Whatever may happen to you, remember always: Don't adjust! Revolt
against the reality! -- Mordechai Anielewicz, Warsaw, 1943
* * *
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-01 12:13:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [RRE]Conference: Technological Visions 
PhilZ Pontificates. Philm at 11.
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News
Service (RRE).  Send any replies to the original author, listed in
the From: field below.  You are welcome to send the message along to
others but please do not use the "redirect" command. For information
on RRE, including instructions for (un)subscribing, see
 or send a message
to requests with Subject: info rre
CONFERENCE ANNOUNCEMENT:
Technological Visions: Utopian and Dystopian Perspectives
A USC Annenberg Center for Communication convened by the Annenberg
Schools for Communication, University of Southern California and the
University of Pennsylvania
November 6 and 7, 1998 Davidson Conference Center, University of
Southern California
Technological Visions: Utopian and Dystopian Perspectives will bring
together journalists, academics, cyberculture advocates,
policymakers, and science fiction visionaries to examine how
technologies have been envisioned throughout history and the social
impact of new technologies. The conference will explore ways of
considering contemporary new technologies in light of how new
technologies were represented and debated in the past. It intends to
address the ahistorical nature of the public discourse of new
technology and to encourage discussion across the boundaries of the
social realms of academic, media, and industry on the impact of new
Sherry Turkle, Professor of Sociology of Science at MIT and author
of Life on the Screen will give the keynote speech: Are the
discourses surrounding the Internet a better guide to social action
than those formulated in the early days of "old" technologies? Have
we learned anything from the successes and failures of past attempts
to predict what technology will do for us and to us?
The Problems and Potentials of Prediction
Privacy and Censorship
Communities of Place and Cyberspace
Media Discourse on New Technology
Technological Visions
Confirmed Participants:
John Perry Barlow, Lord Asa Briggs, Richard Chabran, Bob Cringely,
Wendy Grossman, Katie Hafner, Larry Irving, Peter Lyman, Carolyn
Marvin, David Nye, Mitchel Resnick, Romelia Salinas, Vivian
Sobchack, Lynn Spigel, Sherry Turkle, Langdon Winner, Philip
Conference Organizers: Sandra Ball-Rokeach, Marita Sturken,
Douglas Thomas, Annenberg School for Communication
Conference Information:
The conference is free and open to the public. It will be held at
the Davidson Conference Center on the USC campus in downtown Los
Angeles. The conference proceedings will be simulcast on the
Metamorphosis web site.
For further information and updated schedules: For more information, contact:
Douglas Thomas
(213 (Kearney) 740-3937
Marita Sturken
(213) 740-3950

@_date: 1998-10-01 14:14:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: EduFUD: Computers, software can harm emotional, social development 
As the FUD snowballs. The Globe gets Rimmed again...
The edutocracy (and the Boston Globe :-)) finally notices that all that
artillery parked at the foot of their ivory tower actually *does* blow
great big rocks into tiny little bits...
In another context, Carl Ellison has this great story about how, when
firearms were invented, peasants could finally kill knights in armor from a
comfortable distance. When the church reminded them that killing knights
was a sin, peasants started killing knights on weekdays and confessing
those sins in church on Sunday.
Frankly, I've learned more on the net in the last few years than I ever
would have in an equivalent time in school. I credit it with a
several-point increase in my IQ, even.
Woops. We don't count IQ anymore, now do we?... :-).
I guess I know too many stone geniuses who've had computers since they were
children -- most of the people on this list were raised that way, I would
bet -- to take this crap too seriously, reduced attention "spans" or not.
By the way, "span" is the wrong word for ADD. I was hardly raised on TV,
much less computers, (I had my face in science fiction books throughout
most of my childhood), and I've been known to focus on something
"inappropriately" for hours.
While I certainly have varying degrees of control of my attention, but I
just don't see that a "handicap" anymore. My attention is event-driven,
rather than processed in neat organized batches, and I've learned to like
it that way, even if it did give me trouble when I was chained in the
aforementioned tower's dungeon for most of my formative years.
Besides, even if computers cause people to have event-driven attention
rather than in nice neat industrial batches, that's probably a Good
Thing(tm). Consider it evolution in action.
Farmers and mechanics may need "control" of their attention, but in an
information "hunter" like myself, most of the people who do anything useful
on the net, it's a selective disadvantage.
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Priority: 3
Status: U
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-01 14:14:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: early reports from Austria: possible crypto stalemate (fwd) 
Sender: owner-cryptography
I don't make any claim to real fluency in German (I never took
a class), so there may be mistakes.  But I think this is pretty
--Don Beaver
Journalist Trade Union Protests the Cancellation
of Special Arrangements for Encryption Programs
in the Wassenaar Agreement
At a meeting of experts on the Wassenaar Agreement in Vienna,
the cancellation of exceptions for cryptographic public-domain
software and shareware was negotiated.  The real goal of the
agreement is the control and transparency of transfers of military
and so-called dual-use goods - products and technologies that can
be used for both military and civilian purposes.
The Wassenaar Agreement lists Information Security and encryption
technology, in the form of software encryption programs or hardware,
under the Dual Use category 5.2.
There are to be further efforts to eliminate the exceptions for
public-domain cryptographic software and shareware (usually free
over the Internet or by CD-ROM distribution), and thereby place
each kind of encryption software under the monitoring and restriction
of the Wassenaar agreement.
The journalist trade union is protesting vehemently, because free
access by journalists and the media to encryption programs is
threatened.  Encryption programs play a rapidly increasing role in
the protection of electronic network communications for the media
and jounalists.  It is not difficult to monitor electronic mail
automatically and make copies without recipients or senders ever
taking notice.  Investigative journalism on organized crime,
corruption, and illegal arms trafficking, for example, may be
endangered by the lack of protected communication, because the
privacy of research is not ensured, especially when it takes
place internationally.
Not only will editorial privacy be damaged but also the protection
of information sources, as well as the protection of the private
sphere.  Not only must the protection of communication between
journalists and media be ensured but also between journalists
and media and their information sources, which cannot be limited
to a special circle of acquaintances.
Attempts to permit programs that just encode with a key whose
duplicate is placed with authorities cannot provide a way out.
With such duplicate keys, all encoded messages can be decoded.
But there is no guarantee that this duplicate key will not
arrive in the unauthorized hands of organized crime, for example,
or that is it not used by individual members of the authority
or intelligence services in an unauthorized manner.
The information surrounding the Wassenaar Agreement is also
precarious: at present, each discussion in the Wassenaar Agreement
falls under the privacy of "privileged diplomatic communication"
(Point IX) and the application of resolutions are to be implemented
using "national discretion" (Point II.3).
Thus, the targets of the Wassenaar Agreement are counterproductive(?):
companies whose doubtful weapons shipments were forbidden remain
spared from public criticism, just like failed decisions.
Therefore the journalist trade union demands:
Elimination of cryptography from the list of "dual-use" goods
entered by the Wassenaar Agreement.  No limitation of cryptography
to insecure (respectively, key duplication/escrow) encryption
Democratic control/monitoring of the Wassenaar Agreement: No modification
of the rules and jurisdiction of the Wassenaar Agreement without prior
public discussion.
Obligatory public reporting on activities in the context of the
Wassenaar Agreement.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-01 15:40:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Rain in Death Valley 
True enough. The water runs off the mountains *into* most of Death Valley,
not *out* of it.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:17:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: EduFUD: Computers, software can harm emotional, social development 
Actually, that was the point.
It came to me that way. Most of these educrats don't know how to use their
email yet. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:18:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Is the .to (Tonga) domain completely rogue and should beremoved? 
Reply-To: egullich
Originator: com-priv
Sender: com-priv
Precedence: bulk
This is an official reply to Barry Shein who recently cross-posted to inet-access nanog
domain-policy and com-priv under the
Subject heading: Is the .to (Tonga) domain completely rogue and should
be removed?
As TLD admin for the .TO ccTLD, I thought Mr. Shein's posting
deserved a reply.

@_date: 1998-10-01 18:20:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: New ExecOrd: Computer Software Piracy 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  US Newswire
Clinton Issues Executive Order on Computer Software Piracy
U.S. Newswire
1 Oct 14:10
 Clinton Issues Executive Order on Computer Software Piracy
 To: National Desk, Technology Writer
 Contact: White House Press Office, 202-456-2100
   WASHINGTON, Oct. 1 /U.S. Newswire/ -- The following was released
today by the White House:
                       EXECUTIVE ORDER
                        - - - - - - -
                   COMPUTER SOFTWARE PIRACY
     The United States Government is the world's largest purchaser of
computer-related services and equipment, purchasing more than $20
billion annually.  At a time when a critical component in discussions
with our international trading partners concerns their efforts to
combat piracy of computer software and other intellectual property,
it is incumbent on the United States to ensure that its own practices
as a purchaser and user of computer software are beyond reproach.
Accordingly, by the authority vested in me as President by the
Constitution and the laws of the United States of America, it is
hereby ordered as follows:
     Section 1.  Policy.  It shall be the policy of the United States
Government that each executive agency shall work diligently to
prevent and combat computer software piracy in order to give effect
to copyrights associated with computer software by observing the
relevant provisions of international agreements in effect in the
United States, including applicable provisions of the World Trade
Organization Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual
Property Rights, the Berne Convention for the Protection of Literary
and Artistic Works, and relevant provisions of Federal law, including
the Copyright Act.
     (a) Each agency shall adopt procedures to ensure that the agency
does not acquire, reproduce, distribute, or transmit computer
software in violation of applicable copyright laws.
     (b) Each agency shall establish procedures to ensure that the
agency has present on its computers and uses only computer software
not in violation of applicable copyright laws.  These procedures may
     (1) preparing agency inventories of the software present on its
     (2) determining what computer software the agency has the
authorization to use; and
     (3) developing and maintaining adequate recordkeeping systems.
     (c) Contractors and recipients of Federal financial assistance,
including recipients of grants and loan guarantee assistance, should
have appropriate systems and controls in place to ensure that Federal
funds are not used to acquire, operate, or maintain computer software
in violation of applicable copyright laws.  If agencies become aware
that contractors or recipients are using Federal funds to acquire,
operate, or maintain computer software in violation of copyright laws
and determine that such actions of the contractors or recipients may
affect the integrity of the agency's contracting and Federal
financial assistance processes, agencies shall take such measures,
including the use of certifications or written assurances, as the
agency head deems appropriate and consistent with the requirements of
     (d) Executive agencies shall cooperate fully in implementing
this order and shall share information as appro-priate that may be
useful in combating the use of computer software in violation of
applicable copyright laws.
     Sec. 2.  Responsibilities of Agency Heads.  In connection with
the acquisition and use of computer software, the head of each
executive agency shall:
     (a) ensure agency compliance with copyright laws protecting
computer software and with the provisions of this order to ensure
that only authorized computer software is acquired for and used on
the agency's computers;
     (b) utilize performance measures as recommended by the Chief
Information Officers Council pursuant to section 3 of this order to
assess the agency's compliance with this order;
     (c) educate appropriate agency personnel regarding copyrights
protecting computer software and the policies and procedures adopted
by the agency to honor them; and
     (d) ensure that the policies, procedures, and practices of the
agency related to copyrights protecting computer software are
adequate and fully implement the policies set forth in this order.
     Sec. 3.  Chief Information Officers Council.  The Chief
Information Officers Council ("Council") established by section 3 of
Executive Order No. 13011 of July 16, 1996, shall be the principal
interagency forum to improve executive agency practices regarding the
acquisition and use of computer software, and monitoring and
combating the use of unauthorized computer software.  The Council
shall provide advice and make recommendations to executive agencies
and to the Office of Management and Budget regarding appropriate
government-wide measures to carry out this order. The Council shall
issue its initial recommendations within 6 months of the date of this
     Sec. 4.  Office of Management and Budget.  The Director of the
Office of Management and Budget, in carrying out responsibilities
under the Clinger-Cohen Act, shall utilize appropriate oversight
mechanisms to foster agency compliance with the policies set forth in
this order.  In carrying out these responsibilities, the Director
shall consider any recommendations made by the Council under section
3 of this order regarding practices and policies to be instituted on
a government-wide basis to carry out this order.
     Sec. 5.  Definition.  "Executive agency" and "agency" have the
meaning given to that term in section 4(1) of the Office of Federal
Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 403(1)).
     Sec. 6.  National Security.  In the interest of national
security, nothing in this order shall be construed to require the
disclosure of intelligence sources or methods or to otherwise impair
the authority of those agencies listed at 50 U.S. 401a(4) to carry
out intelligence activities.
     Sec. 7.  Law Enforcement Activities.  Nothing in this order
shall be construed to require the disclosure of law enforcement
investigative sources or methods or to prohibit or otherwise impair
any lawful investigative or protective activity undertaken for or by
any officer, agent, or employee of the United States or any person
acting pursuant to a contract or other agreement with such entities.
     Sec. 8.  Scope.  Nothing in this order shall be construed to
limit or otherwise affect the interpretation, application, or
operation of 28 U.S.C. 1498.
     Sec. 9.  Judicial Review.  This Executive order is intended only
to improve the internal management of the executive branch and does
not create any right or benefit, substantive or procedural, at law or
equity by a party against the United States, its agencies or
instrumentalities, its officers or employees, or any other person.
                       WILLIAM J. CLINTON
  THE WHITE HOUSE,
      September 30, 1998.
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 10/01 14:10
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-02 15:17:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Reputations for Sale 
Organization: ROMEA
Hi, Robert!  Given your interest in reputation capital, I thought you would be
amused to know that right now (9:11 AM Alaska time, 1:11 PM Eastern) there is a
discussion going on at
regarding the sale of an online commercial reputation.  Messages on this board
scroll away in about two hours, so if you actually want to look, be quick.
eBay, as you may know, is an online auction site where one can build a
reputation through a numerical feedback mechanism.  Someone is suggesting
building up accounts until they have a respectable feedback level and then
auctioning them off to new sellers who lack the patience to earn feedback the
old-fashioned way.  These are not folks who are clueful, for the most part,
about such issues; it's just a business idea to this guy.  I think it's
Take care --
P.S.  If you think this would be of interest to any of your lists, feel free to
repost it.  I'd post it to Cypherpunks, but I'm not currently subscribed there.
Daniel J. Boone                      |	"No man's life, liberty,
Robertson, Monagle & Eastaugh, P.C.  |	 or property is safe when
P.O. Box 21211                       |   the Legislature is in
Juneau, Alaska  99802                |	 session."
(907) 586-3340	                     |	 --Judge Gideon J. Tucker
 Fax: 586-6818	                     |	   New York, 1866
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-02 15:18:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [E-CARM] WIPO Public Meeting w/ Prof. Michael Froomkin 
X-Authentication-Warning: c3po.kc-inc.net: majordomo set sender to
owner-e-carm using -f
X-Sender: cdt9
Precedence: bulk
***OPEN INVITATION TO ALL MEMBERS OF THE INTERNET COMMUNITY***
The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) is currently holding a
series of public forums to discuss the intellectual property issues
associated with Internet domain names, including dispute resolution.
Michael Froomkin, Professor of Law at the University of Miami, was
appointed this week to the WIPO experts panel. In order to foster greater
public input into the WIPO process, Professor Froomkin will be holding an
informal open meeting on Monday, October 5th at 9 a.m. to hear comments and
concerns from the public interest community regarding this critical issue.
All interested parties are invited to attend and contribute to this open
Meeting with Michael Froomkin, WIPO experts panel member
Monday, October 5 at 9 a.m.
hosted by the Center for Democracy and Technology
1634 Eye Street NW, 11th Floor
Call (202) 637-9800 for further details.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-02 15:33:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Take Back the Constitution - the 4th Amendment 
sticker available.  Bold and daring (as are your constitutional rights).
It reads, "I do not consent to a search of my vehicle, my person or my
residence.  So, don't ask. This individual is protected by the 4th
sticker.  It was created and produced by three Santa Clara County
(California) deputy public defenders.  It measures 15 inches by 3 inches
(very large). Top quality materials and paints.  $2 each or 6 for $10. +$4
for shipping via U.S. mail.  Citizens to Elect Our Public Defender (in
Santa Clara County, California).  P. O. Box 71, San Jose, CA 95103.
mail and in protective envelopes ($1.50 to $3 for postage + $1 for the
envelope - our cost).
If you wish to be removed from the ElectPD future mailings, to include
upcoming  bumper stickers announcements, please reply with "Remove" in the
subject line and your name will be removed from future mailings.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-02 15:31:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: WPI Cryptoseminar, Wednesday, 10/7 (fwd) 
X-Authentication-Warning: goya.WPI.EDU: christof owned process doing -bs
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Christof Paar Here we go again. Our seminar series starts next week on a regular base.

@_date: 1998-10-02 18:03:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ICANN (New IANA) as a Pawn in an Economic Struggle Between US and 
Reply-To: cook
Originator: com-priv
Sender: com-priv
Precedence: bulk
I asked the question a few days ago: what could justify Ira's heavy handed
tactics.  What stakes could be large enough to risk the stability of the
net?  Here is an informed hypothesis based on a 90 minutes conversation
with an expert source in these areas who has a heavy international
background.  (I have also reality checked this hypothesis with several
knowledgable observers.)
I am beginning to get an idea of what is at stake in the larger sense.
Ira, I fear, is using the internet as a pawn in a far bigger game.
The game is is inextricably linked with the privacy statutes of the OECD
and the coming October 23th deadline for American companies doing business
in Europe and data mining on European citizens as part of their ordinary
activities.  It is also inextricably linked with the international
encryption debate.
I have heard credible allegations that the US government is at such
loggerheads with the OECD countries over the use of key recovery encryption
and over the unwillingness of american big business to change its ways of
gathering data on employees, customers, contractors etc that we are coming
to the October 23th deadline with billions of dollars at stake and no
At the same time Ira has for the past three years focused on his mission
with Tom Kalil and working through the National Economic and Security
Council to setting up the internet as a mechanism for global economic
commerce.....   touting the net as a means on which, in a few year's time,
the majority of the world's economy will depend.
It looks as though Ira's agenda is to do this in such a way that the
internet can be controlled by an American based, incorporated, non profit
public authority set up under American law with a Board, purposefully
established without fiscal restraints and without any oversight or
accountability. And with board members who with a smattering of
international representation can be made as subserviant as possible to the
interests of the large American Corporations.  These Board members, through
the GIP, will be passing the cup to pay for the expenses of establishing
ICANN.  Consider Bill Burrington Director of Law and Public Policy and
Assistant General Counsel at AOL, a company which huge data holdings.  He
is the chair of the Washington DC Internetactive Services Association which
went on to form the Internet Alliance with membership very simalr to GIP.
Burrington is manning the barricades of the companies involved in the
privacy dispute with the oecd.  (Why should Burrington care? Consider AOL's
electronic profiles on its 12 million members) Consider also Andy Sernovitz
of AIM whose members have the same general interests and who helped Barb
Dooley of the CIX sell out the IFWP process.  Did Jon Postel really refuse
to attend the Harvard wrap up meeting or did Ira order him not to?
So even if Ira looks heavy handed -- for this agenda to be used as the
White House intends-- Ira needs to have his ducks in order in time for the
OECD meeting in Canada that begins next week.  He needs to demonstrate that
he has enough power to have rammed through a solution at home.   That is
why things have turned nasty during the last week and why the iron fist is
becoming seen with the incorporation of ICANN even though, by Ira's own
allegedly free process, ICANN should not yet be seen as the winner.
Ira is determined to confront the OECD next week with an Internet that *HE*
and the White House clearly controls and to do so as a bargaining chip to
use in getting our way against the Europeans and Asians and Canadians.....
on the issues of encryption and privacy statutes.  It would be instructive
to see the legal basis of the governments arguments being used to get NSI
to cave.  Could it be that their content might be embarrising?
If SAIC doesn't order NSI to sign Ira's demands by the seventh then Ira and
the white house will not be as in control of the internet, as they need to
demonstrate themselves to be, in order to use the internet as an american
dominated global commerce weapon against the other OECD governments.  The
American view is that with the internet firmly in command of the White
House on American corportate terms, the Asians and Europeans will have no
choice but to back off their privacy and the American encryption demands.
Remember also that Europe is trying to launch the Euro in such a way that
it becomes the world's reserve currency. One would like to know whether the
White House orders are do what ever is necessary to see that this effort
The Europeans and Asians understand perfectly well the power play that Ira
is engaged in.  They are not surprisingly seething with anger.  American
arrogance could be doing dangerous things.  If we drive Europe and Asia
into an economic and political alliance against us, we all will lose.
Privacy, and the freedom to live our lives without government and corporate
political or economic interference are at stake.
The COOK Report on Internet            White House Corrupts Formation of IANA
431 Greenway Ave, Ewing, NJ 08618 USA  Corporation. White Paper a Sham. See
(609) 882-2572 (phone & fax)           cook                    Index to 6 years of COOK Report, how to
subscribe, exec summaries, special reports, gloss at --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-02 18:08:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: ICANN (New IANA) as a Pawn in an Economic Struggle Between USand 
Not to disturb your exegetic reverie, here, Gord, but I asked Mr.
Magaziner, when he spoke at at the Electronic Payments Forum earlier this
month, in front of about 400 or so digital commerce and e$ types, the
following question:
"Given your administration's, um, success, in banning strong foriegn
cryptography, how do you propose to ban it in the United States?"
His answer then was that he was absolutely postively against key escrow or
limits on cryptography of any kind. Besides stealing all my carefully
worded thunder :-), he got a big round of applause. He also said that the major reason for the, um, complexity, of US crypto
policy was that the administration's internet commerce types were fighting
the law enforcent types tooth and nail about it.
I want to smash the state as much as the next crypto-anarchist :-), but I
figure this is what is happening. The spooks gave up on this crap long ago,
and it's just the cops standing in front of the steamroller now. Money
trumps crime-FUD, just like it did spook-FUD. F=MA, and all that. :-).
Bob Hettinga
"There's the conspiracy theory of history, where elites conspire to shape
events behind the scenes, the fuck-up theory of history, where elites fuck
up and conspire to cover it behind the scenes, and the fucked-up conspiracy
theory of history, where elites conspire to shape events, fuck up, and
conspire to cover it up behind the scenes. My favorite theory is the

@_date: 1998-10-03 07:37:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Netsurfer Digest: Vol. 04, #29 
X-Authentication-Warning: smtp2.zocalo.net: editor set sender to
editor-bounce using -f
Precedence: bulk
NETSURFER DIGEST
More Signal, Less Noise Volume 04, Issue 29
Wednesday, September 30, 1998
BREAKING SURF
Credit Card Data Compromised at Online Auction Sites
Mark Dodd owns AuctionWatch, a neat auction site information center. He was
running searches on the major search engines and by sheer accident
uncovered a security hole in some software used by many of the online
auction houses. It's a big one, too. If the auction site misconfigures its
software, and apparently many do, the first happy hacker to come along can
steal its customers' credit card numbers and addresses. Mark went to CNet
with the story, which warned many of the affected sites of the potential
havoc and scooped up a good story in the process. Remember, the safety of
your credit card data is only as good as the security savvy of the
webmaster guarding it. AuctionWatch: CNet: New Hacker Tactic: Slow, Coordinated Attacks from Multiple Locations
A clever new twist in the evolutionary arms race between hackers and online
security forces gives us an excuse to bring you this fascinating Web site.
Hackers, it seems, have discovered herding behavior. Their latest tactic is
to coordinate probes and attacks against online sites from a large number
of separate machines and over a long period of time. By limiting probes to
rates as low as two per hour and dispersing their sources, hackers can
probe beneath current security software's threshold of detection. The Navy
Cooperative Intrusion Detection Evaluation and Response team (CIDER) just
released a report on the technique. The CIDER site is also worth visiting
for information on security and intrusion detection software projects,
notably a database comparing commercial and government tools. Cool spook
stuff. CIDER: Report: CONTACT AND SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION
Netsurfer Digest Home Page:
Subscribe, Unsubscribe:
Frequently Asked Questions:
Submission of Newsworthy Items:
Letters to the Editor:
Advertiser and Sponsor Inquiries:
Netsurfer Communications:
Publisher: Arthur Bebak
Editor: Lawrence Nyveen
Contributing Editor:
Production Manager: Bill Woodcock
Copy Editor: Elvi Dalgaard
Netsurfer Communications, Inc.
President: Arthur Bebak
Vice President: S.M. Lieu
Writers and Netsurfers:
Sue Abbott
Regan Avery
Kirsty Brooks
Judith David
Joanne Eglash
Lisa Hamilton
Jay Mills
Elizabeth Rollins
Kenneth Schulze
NETSURFER DIGEST (c) 1998 Netsurfer Communications, Inc. All rights reserved.
NETSURFER DIGEST is a trademark of Netsurfer Communications, Inc.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-03 08:09:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: importance of motivation 
At 5:00 AM -0400 on 10/3/98, Blanc wrote about Tim's troll:
Nah. Tim is about as subtle as a loud fart in a Volkswagen.
Or a "troll" under a bridge.
But then, of course, there's actual neuroscience.
I'm pretty epistemological about these things. I for one think that
"talking therapy" is half next to witchcraft, and that that, and other
"biological" approaches to knowlege, where you categorize and catalog
things subjectively and then deduce the world accordingly without benefit
of mathematics, or physics, or chemistry is, frequently, a "luser's"
paradise. Phrenology and astrology come to mind, along with, oddly enough,
people who study lightning without physics, and, of course, so-called
"technical" stock market analysts. ("Fibbronacci retracement", my ass...)
However, I *do* know that when I take ritalin, I can do boring stuff much
easier. I'm a very grouchy bastard, but the boring stuff gets done. And, a
very large percentage of people with the DSM-V "diagnosis" of ADHD (H, for
"hyperactive", is Tim's lost initial there, probably a Freudian slip ;-)),
also focus better with ritalin or dexedrine in their bloodstreams, at least
in clinical trials. I also know that when you run PET scans of people who
have ADD (I'm not as hyperactive as I was as a kid...) their brains look
markedly different from those of  "normal" people when they try to
concentrate on something too long.
I expect that, fairly shortly, neuroscience and psychopharmacology will
tell us all sorts of things about things formerly attributed to mysticism,
ethics, poor mental hygeine, and, of course, motivation.
Scientific determinism may be a bitch, but she's sure an elegant one.
Hell, maybe even "losers" will be curable, someday, if they want to be.
Or even cyphertrolls, for that matter.
Yours in dereliction and lassitude,
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-03 12:27:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Wired News: Report of military personnel medical records hackis FALSE 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: Bridget973
                     Pentagon Takes Back Hack
                     Wired News Report
                     7:45 p.m.  1.Oct.98.PDT
                     The US Department of Defense said
                     Thursday last week's report of crackers
                     penetrating military Web sites and
                     altering soldiers' medical files were
                     inaccurate.
                     Instead, a "Red Team" of American
                     military computer experts carried out a
                     simulated attack designed to test the
                     security of the Pentagon's computer
                     networks, said a spokeswoman for the
                     Defense Department.
                     "The simulated attack is part of the
                     recent exercises to assess the danger to
                     unclassified material, such as personnel
                     records," Suzan Hansen said Thursday.
                     The confusion arose last week, when
                     Money told the Armed Forces
                     Communications and Electronics
                     Association Conference that crackers had
                     accessed a medical database in the
                     southeastern United States and changed
                     blood types in soldiers' records.
                     Hansen said that Money was merely
                     referring to a Red Team exercise, not a
                     real cyberattack.
                     At the conference, Money reportedly said
                     that the Red Team exercise prompted the
                     Pentagon to develop a more restrictive
                     security policy on the type of information
                     that will be stored in military computers
                     connected to the Internet.
Black Helicopters on the Horizon:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-03 12:53:26
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Americans for Computer Privacy Call for Action in Congress 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  US Newswire
Americans for Computer Privacy Call for Action in Congress
U.S. Newswire
2 Oct 14:30
 Americans for Computer Privacy Call for Action in 106th Congress
 To: Assignment Desk, Daybook Editor, Technology Writer
 Contact: Sue Richard for Americans for Computer Privacy,
          202-625-1256, E-mail: suer(At)dittusgroup.com
   News Advisory:
   WHAT: Americans for Computer Privacy (ACP) will issue a coalition
         letter to House and Senate leaders urging legislation in the
         next Congress that will build on the reforms in encryption
         policy recently announced by the Administration. ACP will
         also report on the coalition's growth and future plans, as
         well as the response to its on-line advertising initiative.
   WHO:  ACP Executive Director Ed Gillespie; Rep. Bob Goodlatte
         (R-Va.); Rep. Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.); Rep. Sam Gejdenson
         (D-Conn.); Rep. Rick White (R-Wash.); Sen. John Ashcroft
         (R-Mo.); Sen. Conrad Burns (R-Mont.); Sen. Ron Wyden
         (D-Ore.); Robert Holleyman, Business Software Alliance;
         Jerry Berman, Center for Democracy and Technology; and
         Grover Norquist, Americans for Tax Reform.
   WHEN:  Wednesday, Oct. 7, 11 a.m.
   WHERE: Room HC-7, U.S. Capitol,
          Washington, D.C.
   BACKGROUND: Since its formal launch in March 1998, ACP has worked
closely with Congress and the Administration on encryption policy
reform. While ACP acknowledges that progress has been made, the
coalition believes the encryption issue is far from resolved.
Americans for Computer Privacy brings together more than 100
companies and 40 associations representing financial services,
manufacturing, telecommunications, high-tech and transportation, as
well as law enforcement, civil-liberty, pro-family and taxpayer
groups. ACP supports policies that advance the rights of American
citizens to encode information without fear of government intrusion,
and advocates the lifting of current export restrictions on U.S.-made
   For more information on ACP, please visit our website at
 privacy.org. A cybercast of the press conference will be
available on the site on Thursday, Oct. 8.
 -0-
 /U.S. Newswire  202-347-2770/
 10/02 14:30
Copyright 1998, U.S. Newswire
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-04 17:13:33
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Amen. Literally.
That is, when the church ruled our lives, it was impossible not to be
sinning for some reason.
These days, the state rules our lives, and we're all breaking the law.
Most criminologists will tell that the more corrupt the jurisdiction, the
harder it is to be in compliance with the law. That way, it's easier for
the state's functionaries to shake you down.
Ayn Rand has a great quote about this, which I have long forgotten, but my
favorite bit of impromptu wisdom on the subject is from Vinnie Moscaritolo,
who blurted out one night, on a long climb up Page Mill road, "'If we could
just pass a few more laws', we could all be criminals!"
Also, Voltaire was famous for saying, in French of course :-), 'death to la
infame' (le? I took latin instead, and was bad at it, anyway.). By la
infame, "the infamous thing", he meant the church, of course. While it
probably sounds a little haughtier than "smash the state", (or, as I am
wont say, *surfact* the state ;-)), Voltaire's saying, in the original,
might make a nice slogan to, um, resurrect, if someone wants to dust off
their college french and do the honors...
Odd thing for a man to say who was buried in the floor of a church anyway.
It'd be like putting Mr. Young in Arlington, or something. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-05 04:16:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: US Secret Service checking laptops at airports 
Has anyone else had this happen to them?
I'd love to have two independent corroborations of this, instead of hearing
it third-hand...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3155.0
Sender: owner-cryptography
A friend of mine recently traveled from one of the Washington DC area
airports to Ireland and reports that US Secret Service agents checked her
laptop for the domestic 128-bit crypto versions of Netscape Navigator and
Microsoft Internet Explorer at the metal detector station. She said she saw
about six other people who were checked as she was going through. As is now
common, anyone carrying a laptop computer was asked to boot it up,
presumably to demonstrate that if the case hid a bomb at least it was
programmable with a reasonable looking user interface. But in her instance,
people who identified themselves as Secret Service agents had her start up
her web browser so they could check the encryption level, and made her
uninstall her 128-bit Navigator.
It didn't seem to matter to them that there are exemptions for devices that
are for personal use as long as they are kept with the person while out of
the country, or that she is an international banker who was going to conduct
business with an overseas office. They didn't bother to determine whether
she had a copy of the Navigator install file in a backup directory and could
simply reinstall on the airplane. And of course it made no difference that
she was going to Ireland where she picked up a locally produced 128-bit
crypto plugin for Navigator that she says works just as well if not better
than the version from Netscape. (I don't know if her "plugin" is simply one
of the scripts that enable the Netscape strong crypto in the export
 -- Sidney Markowitz --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-05 14:05:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Java-based Crypto Decoder Ring gets NIST FIPS 140-1 certification 
As breathlessly reported in DIGSIG :-).
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Importance: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion Java-based Crypto Decoder Ring gets NIST FIPS 140-1 certification
INSTEAD OF STORING YOUR PRIVATE KEY IN SOFTWARE ON YOUR PC, KEEP IT IN
HARDWARE, ON YOUR CLASS RING, KEY FOB, MONEY CLIP, WATCH OR ANYTHING ELSE
THAT CAN STORE A 16mm, stainless steel case. According to its Web site
( "the iButtion provides for secure end-to-end Internet
transactions-including granting conditional access to Web pages, signing
documents, encrypting sensitive files, securing email and conducting
financial transactions safely - even if the client computer, software and
communication links are not trustworthy. When PC software and hardware are
hacked, information remains safe in the physically secure iButton chip."
Unlike storing your private key in software on your PC where it can remain
in cache after use, and be retrieved by a hacker, the crypto iButton private
key never enters your PC, so it cannot be intercepted.
In July, the Crypto iButton from Dallas Semiconductor received the NIST FIPS
140-1 "Security Requirements For Cryptographic Modules" certification. The
Crypto iButton provides hardware cryptographic services such as long-term
safe storage of private keys, a high-speed math accelerator for 1024-bit
public key cryptography, and secure message digest (hashing). To date, only
15 hardware products have been validated by the U.S. and Canadian
According to their press release at:
 the
Crypto iButton ensures both parties involved in a secure information
exchange are truly authorized to communicate by rendering messages into
unbreakable digital codes using its high-speed math accelerator. The Crypto
iButton addresses both components of secure communication, authentication
and safe transmission, making it ideal for Internet commerce and/or banking
The Crypto iButton consists of a physically secure, million-transistor
microchip packaged in a 16mm stainless steel can. Not only does the steel
protect the silicon chip inside from the hard knocks of everyday use; it
also shows clear evidence of tampering by leaving scratch and dent marks of
the intruder. This steel case satisfies FIPS 140-1 Level 2 Tamper Evidence
requirements for physical security.
Note: Within the overall 140-1 certification are various sub-levels that
identify how well the product rates in different categories such as Physical
Security, Environmental Failure Protection, and Tamper Resistance. The sum
of the ratings in the individual categories determines whether it merits
The iButtion also allows the owner to set an automatic expiration date, to
limit the potential for unauthorized use. Once the built-in clock reaches a
pre-set time, the chip self-expires and requires re-activation by the
service provider before service can be renewed. The service provider can
verify that an individual has possession prior to initial activation or
renewal (re-activation). In this way, a lost or stolen iButton
unconditionally limits the potential for unauthorized use to the remaining
activation time, which can be made arbitrarily short by the iButton holder
or service provider.
According to its Web site, Blue Dot receptors using either the Java
operating system (OS), or a proprietary OS, can be purchased online for $15
each. The receptor plugs directly into the parallel port on a PC, and
includes software for configuring its features. The software also programs
the decoder ring with the private key the first time, and performs any other
administrative functions. Just press the Blue Dot with the iButton (ring,
fob, key ring, etc.) to establish the connection path.
If you know your ring size, you can order Josten's 'Java-powered ring,' or
the 'Digital Decoder Ring,' online. Also available are the 'Fossil Watch,
key ring, or money clip. Costs for a single unit range from $45 to $89.
"Unlike a loose plastic card, the iButton stays attached to a carefully
guarded accessory, such as a badge, ring, key fob, watch band, or wallet,
making misplacement less likely. The steel button is rugged enough to
withstand harsh outdoor environments and durable enough for a person to wear
every day. An individual maintains control over their Crypto iButton in yet
another way-a secret Personal Identification Number. If so programmed, the
iButton will not perform computations until its PIN is entered, like a bank
ATM. "
A list of developers and their off-the-shelf applications is at:
 Custom, networked,
server-based applications are available, in addition to individual,
standalone PC products. The crypto iButtion is currently being tested by the
USPS for electronic distribution of postage stamps.
The company marketed its iButton products for other non-crypto uses starting
in 1991. A list of current implemented and pilot projects using the product
to simply store and process data around the world is at:
 This includes the mass-transit system
in Turkey, bus passes in China, vending machines in Canada, parking meters
in Brazil and Argentina, and buying gas in Mexico and Moscow.
Richard Hornbeck
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-06 09:35:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Microchip implants to foil VIP kidnaps 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: wtberry
Source: Electronic Telegraph, Issue 1229,  6 October 1998
Microchip implants to foil VIP kidnaps
By Bruce Johnston in Rome
ITALIAN dignitaries who fear being kidnapped are having
microprocessor homing devices planted in their bodies so police can
track them down if they are abducted.
The microchips - called Sky-Eyes - were originally developed for
intelligence use by Israeli researchers. Rome's La Repubblica
newspaper described the latest development as a "biological
adaptation" of the Global Positioning System, which is already in use
to protect luxury cars from being stolen.
Sky-Eyes are sold by a company called Gen-Etics, which has
patented the device for private use but which is cautious about
supplying further details, in order to protect its clients.
Sky-Eyes are said to be made of "synthetic and organic fibre". They
reportedly run on such a small amount of energy that this can be
"borrowed" from the human body. The chip is supposed to be
invisible to both the naked eye and to X-rays. A person who carries it
is supplied with an eight-digit code by the company. He, or she, is
advised to divulge this only to next of kin or a trusted legal
In case of the person's disappearance, those in possession of the
code are supposed to contact the company's control centre, so that
the kidnapped victim's whereabouts may be pinpointed, and the
police informed. The Sky-Eye is said to have a margin of error of just
150 yards. Kidnapping is still common in Italy.
One recent victim, Giuseppe Soffiantini, an elderly northern
industrialist, was wary when asked if he would buy one. At the
weekend he said: "As they also know about the discovery, the
kidnappers will find a counter system to use against it. They are
During his long captivity, his kidnappers cut off pieces of his ears and
sent them to his family. Mr Soffiantini, was released earlier this year
after a 2 million ransom was paid. He said: "But if the microchip
worked, then of course I'd get one.
(c) Copyright of Telegraph Group Limited 1998.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-06 07:20:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Sad news ... (... or not ;-)) 
Hi Bob,
I figured you might be interested in today's news: DigiCash Amsterdam has
officially gone bankrupt.
Even though anyone can access the news (although probably not yet in
form), I'd appreciate if you don't mention me as being the one who told you
I take it that the details will be brought to light in the coming few weeks.
Anyway, I believe this is very bad news for all those who believe in "bearer
certificates" or whatever one might like to call them.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-06 07:19:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FINAL REMINDER: DCS-NY: October 13 Meeting: Stu Feldman of IBM 
Lines: 105
Sender: owner-cryptography
[If you know of people who may be interested in this meeting, please
feel free to forward this message to them.]
FINAL REMINDER:
The second luncheon meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of New
York (DCS-NY), will be held on Tuesday, October 13th at 12:00. If you
are interested in attending, please RSVP and send in your check (as
explained below) IMMEDIATELY. If we don't _receive_ your check by
Friday, we cannot guarantee that we can seat you. (Normally I wouldn't
be sending out a reminder this late, but we've had a large influx of
inquiries in the last 24 hours.)
This Month's Luncheon Speaker:
 Stuart Feldman, IBM Institute for Advanced Commerce, IBM T.J.
 Watson Research Center
 Topic: Future Directions in Electronic Commerce
 Stuart Feldman will delve into a half dozen major themes for long-term
 research in electronic commerce. These areas will take years to resolve
 at a research level and even longer to achieve full impact in the world
 economy. They include privacy, the evolving marketplace on several time
 scales, the rise of dynamic businesses and electronic haggling, improved
 relationships to customers, and the systems underpinnings needed to
 support the vast new opportunities and capabilities of electronic
 commerce. Stuart Feldman is Director of IBM's Institute for Advanced
 Commerce. The Institute is dedicated to creating new technologies for
 support of e-commerce as well as pursuing fundamental issues in
 e-commerce. He is also the author of the original "make" and "f77."
WHAT IS DCS-NY?
As some of you probably know, Robert Hettinga has been running a group
called the Digital Commerce Society of Boston for over three years.
DCSB meets once a month for lunch at the Harvard Club in Boston to
hear a speaker and discuss the implications of rapidly emerging
internet and cryptographic technologies on finance and commerce --
"Digital Commerce", in short.
The Digital Commerce Society of New York (DCS-NY) is a spin-off of
DCSB.  We intend to meet the second Tuesday of each month for lunch
at the Harvard Club in New York, and conduct meetings much like those
of DCSB. Our organizing meeting in September was attended by a wide
variety of professionals involved in the business, technical and legal
sides of the emerging world of digital commerce.
If you are interested in attending our next luncheon meeting, please
follow the directions located below. If you merely wish to be added to
our e-mail meeting announcements list, you may send your e-mail
address to "dcs-ny-rsvp
PS We would like to thank John McCormack for his invaluable assistance in
procuring the venue for our meetings.

@_date: 1998-10-06 08:17:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Web TV with 128b exported 
Looks like all of those clandestine visits that BillG, um, paid, to BillC
in Martha's Vinyard the last couple of summers finally, um, paid off?
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-06 10:17:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Sad news ... (... or not ;-)) 
DigiCash, Inc., of the US of A, not DigiCash BV, of the Netherlands.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-06 21:16:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Sad news ... (... or not ;-)) 
Ah. But they weren't originally. Originally, the patents were held by David
Chaum, and licensed to DigiCash, BV. When they finally ran out of investors
in DigiCash BV, an investor group headed by Nicholas Negroponte said they'd
invest in a new company, domiciled in the US, but only if Chaum signed his
rights over to the US company.
Having just written that, it starts to make somewhat convoluted sense. Buy
the Dutch company from the shareholders for some small sum, pay most of the
"real" creditors, roll it up, making the investors  and some of the
creditors (wanna bet they're software contractors?) take the hit for what's
left, and start the new company in the US with, technically, a clean
financial slate -- and control of the patent.
Curioser and curioser. Makes me wonder, though, whether after all this
financial prestidigitation they're going to have any room left for jello.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-09 03:28:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: Here come the rafting iguanas] 
Naw... But I hereby nominate the green iguana to be the official mascot of
the cypherpunk crypto-refugee community on Anguilla.
I can see it on the "alternative" FC99 shirt now. A bunch of iguanas, (at
least one in black BDUs :-)), on a raft of (tamper resistant)
cryptoaccellerator and DES-cracker parts, styrofoam, and Stronghold and Red
Hat boxes, all with a silhouette of Anguilla looming in the background.
Maybe with Jerry Gumbs standing on the beach holding a "God Save the Queen"
But wait, there's more.  How about the Anguillan flag, with *iguanas*
replacing the dolphins...
Can you tell the equinox is over?
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-09 04:58:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The Cypherpunks Agenda 
One is reminded of a quote (I'm still looking for the exact version) by
Washington Roebling, the chief engineer of the Brooklyn Bridge, when,
invalid from decompression sickness, his management of the works from his
bedroom window was called into question.
Something about how a single man, in a single afternoon, could plan a
year's work for thousands.
The cost of anything is the foregone alternative; if we lived here, we'd be
home now; et cetera.
Cypherpunks sit in their barcoloungers (or cubicles) and mosh. :-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-09 09:16:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: WPI Cryptoseminar, Wednesday, 10/14 
X-Authentication-Warning: goya.WPI.EDU: christof owned process doing -bs
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Christof Paar        WPI Cryptography and Information Security Seminar
               Prof. David Finkel, CS Dept., WPI
   PERFORMANCE AND SECURITY IN WEB-BASED ELECTRONIC COMMERCE
                       Wednesday, October 14
                         4:00 pm,  AK 108
                    (refreshments at 3:45 pm)
This talk reports on the results of a performance evaluation of a testbed
electronic commerce application on the World Wide Web.  The study measured
the performance of the system using different levels of security, and offers
some insights into the performance costs of security for such an
installation.  In addition, we discuss the performance implications of
different implementation strategies.  The work represents a joint effort by
researchers from WPI and Stratus Computer, Inc.

@_date: 1998-10-09 20:41:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Navy's Open Source Security Project Shines 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Organization: Unknown Organization
Precedence: list
Reply-To: Richard Sampson Navy's Open Source Security Project Shines
Oct 08, 1998 (Tech Web - CMP via COMTEX) -- An open source security
program created by a team of Navy programmers is proving to be one of
the most successful high-tech network burglar alarms online.
Late last month, the Navy released an unusual warning -- attackers were
probing military computers in ways that had previously gone unnoticed,
coordinating efforts around the world to keep any individual series of
probes virtually invisible.
Analysts had finally noticed the potential crackers' coordinated probes
using the Navy's SHADOW, or Secondary Heuristic Analysis System for
Defensive Online Warfare, intrusion-detection program.
"It was partly dumb luck," said Stephen Northcutt, the Navy's lead
analyst and programmer on the SHADOW team. But the software's
sensitivity to subtle attacks, combined with the number-crunching power
of statisticians associated with the project, let Northcutt and his
team of analysts tease evidence of the probes out of a mass of
apparently innocuous network logs, he said.
The SHADOW software is one of a growing number of intrusion-detection
tools on the market, designed to pick up and help analyze attempts to
break into computer networks instead of simply functioning as a passive
firewall-style siege wall.
Most of the major commercial-security vendors, such as Axent, Internet
Security Systems, or Network Associates, all provide
intrusion-detection programs, with support and service teams that can
help analyze possible attacks.
SHADOW is different in this respect. It is freely distributed online.
Like most open source programs, there is some documentation, but no
official support -- although there is a huge community of programmers
who have looked at the code and have written improvements and continue
to tinker with the way it functions.
The software itself is the product of more than two years of work by a
team led by Northcutt. The code was initially released to the public
last May, and revised later in the summer after a slew of comments and
criticism from outside developers.
It consists of two parts. Sensors sit outside a network firewall,
monitoring normal and potentially illicit attempts to enter the
network. An analysis system sits inside the firewall keeping a log of
activity, and periodically putting this information in front of a human
security analyst.
In the months since its release, the program has been picked up and
used by several major financial institutions, universities, local
government systems, and divisions of large companies that don't have
budgets for commercial intrusion-detection programs, Northcutt said.
"It's very good at doing some things and not so good at others," said
Allen Paller, chief researcher at the SANS Institute, a
network-security research and education organization. The program can
be initially difficult to use, since it requires users to program their
own filters to recognize attacks or probes not included in the original
But the program's open source birth and evolution has made it strong
and extremely sensitive, Paller said. "The real strength of this
process is [the program] has been beaten on."
Northcutt is a proponent of pushing the open source model even beyond
the development of code, at least in the security field.
Most intrusion-detection programs function by picking up unusual events

@_date: 1998-10-12 21:22:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Court ruling allows anonymous political attacks 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  The Oregonian
Court ruling allows anonymous attacks
 Viciousness increases after the U.S. Supreme Court
 strikes down an Oregon law requiring that political
 ads be credited
 Sunday, October 11 1998
 By Laura Oppenheimer of The Oregonian staff
 Terry Thompson and Ryan Deckert opened their
 mailboxes in mid-September to discover unpleasant
 surprises: anonymous political advertisements
 lambasting their public records.
 The two Democratic Oregon House members
 apparently were the first targets in what promises to
 be a vicious advertising attack season. And there's still
 plenty of time for candidates to exchange barbs
 before the Nov. 3 election, said Tim Gleason, dean of
 the University of Oregon School of Journalism and
 Communication.
 "This is the true test, said Gleason, who is coordinator
 of the Oregon Alliance for Better Campaigns. Races
 tighten up, and people are going all out. Frequently,
 the candidate isn't really in control of all the steps
 taken toward the end. A lot of people want that
 candidate to win.
 Although the ads against Thompson and Deckert
 included their opponents return addresses, as
 mandated by the U.S. Postal Service, they did not say
 who paid for or authorized them. Some candidates
 are taking advantage of a 1996 U.S. Supreme Court
 ruling that invalidated Oregons law requiring the
 sponsors name to run with all political advertising.
 Bills proposed during the 1997 Legislature would
 have reinstated regulations to counteract the court
 ruling. But the legislation stalled at the committee level
 and never came up for a vote.
 Oregons public officials didnt just maintain the level of
 negative attack ads by ignoring the legislation,
 Secretary of State Phil Keisling said. They raised the
 profile of the ruling so candidates knew they could run
 anonymous advertisements.
 "The Legislature just turned their backs on it, Keisling
 said. Their inaction spoke volumes about their
 concern about anonymous ads. The effect was to put
 up a big neon sign saying, Anonymous attack ads now
 allowed in Oregon.
 So whats the big deal about one little line of type that
 says paid for by . . . ? In a political climate where
 sparring can lead to voters cynicism, candidates
 should take responsibility for their criticisms, Keisling
 said. And all-out advertising slugfests can result in
 hard feelings -- and more partisan politics -- after the
 election is over, legislators said.
 "The truth matters, said Ed Kammer, an advertising
 activist who lobbied legislators to pass new
 regulations. The facts matter. Its a persons right to
 ignore what they want to ignore, but its not a thiefs
 right to disguise the theft.
 Many legislators, including Thompson, D-Newport,
 and Deckert, D-Beaverton, said they would support
 the type of legislation Keisling advocates if it is
 proposed again during the 1999 Legislature.
 In the meantime, candidates are free to be as vicious
 as they want. Aware of just how nasty this campaign
 season could become, several groups are pushing
 voluntary codes of conduct to stop the underhanded
 advertising before it starts.
 About 50 candidates signed Keislings Stand By Your
 Ad pledge, which requires them to include their name
 and address on all political advertising and to take
 responsibility for any criticism of their opponents. That
 means using their pictures in written material, narrating
 a radio ad and appearing on-screen in a TV
 commercial if it involves a comparison of candidates.
 Many candidates also signed the League of Women
 Voters code of conduct, which was adopted by the
 Oregon Alliance for Better Campaigns. The alliance,
 which is not counting the number of signers or keeping
 track of how candidates who took the pledge behave,
 is asking candidates to keep campaigns clean. The
 alliance also is coordinating issue-oriented, analytical
 political coverage on TV and radio stations across the
 state.
 "Its no more complicated than one of the things my
 mom told me growing up, Keisling said of his pledge.
 If youre going to say something bad about somebody,
 say it to their face.
 But nobody will be reprimanding candidates who
 violate the pledges or choose not to sign them. And
 for some candidates, sticking with the pledge will
 mean not responding to jabs at their character,
 credibility or public record.
 In mid-September, voters received a mailing with the
 headline, What was Terry thinking? In a large-print
 checklist, the ad compares Thompson with
 Republican Alan Brown, his opponent in House
 District 4.
 "Supports returning the income tax kicker refund
 shows a no for Thompson and a yes for Brown. So
 does the campaigns are bankrolled by big labor
 unions category. Thompson said many of the
 footnotes supporting these criticisms were based on
 one detail of a large bill or on bills that never came to
 a vote.
 Amid these sweeping accusations, Brown did not
 include a statement that his campaign had paid for the
 flier. Several years ago, the ad would have violated
 Oregon law.
 Henri Schauffler, Deckerts Republican opponent, said
 he would change one thing about his September fliers
 if he had it to do over again: Hed include the
 sponsorship. But he would keep the derogatory
 rundown of his opponents record, which included
 claims that Deckert believes voting against small
 business 57 percent of the time is acceptable and
 supports spending 2 percent kicker tax refunds to
 fund state government programs.
 Schauffler, who signed Keislings pledge, said he did
 not design the anonymous ads and regrets allowing
 them to be distributed.
 "Against my better judgment, I went ahead with the
 ads, Schauffler said. Im ultimately responsible, and I
 take responsibility for that mistake. Its not going to
 happen again from my camp.
 Deckert said he received more than 100 calls, e-mail
 messages and letters of support from voters who had
 seen the attack ads against him.
 Victims of negative ads face enormous pressure to
 retaliate, candidates said. In past elections, party
 workers have even suggested that Thompson hire a
 detective to spy on his opponent, he said.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-13 04:59:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Hidden WebTV signatures 
"'mac-crypto
Yes.  Well, the crypto part anyways ;-)
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-13 07:03:36
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: DNA 
Nope. You've just been reading too many, um, crypto-statist, Gore Vidal novels.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-13 09:09:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FYI: More on WebTV security 
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
Don't know if you've seen this, but we were recently granted a license to
ship 128-bit RC4 in our product.
No key recovery, no key escrow.  Here's the fluff:
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-13 19:41:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: TCR9 -- A Soldier of the Great War 
List-Owner: Reply-To: CONSILRPT
X-Message-Id: Sender: bounce-consilience-report-262839
Precedence: bulk
THE CONSILIENCE REPORT:
                                         A Bionomic Meditation
                                         Number Nine
                                         10/13/98
                                        A SOLDIER OF THE GREAT WAR
Last Waltz in Vienna
In the summer of 1918 the Great War was
grinding through its fourth year. Thirty millions
already dead or wounded -- or more --  no one
really knows -- and the wreck of Europe still
staggered on, like a blind man into oncoming
In Italy the Austrian army was making its
last futile bid for a military victory with
an attack across the Piave River.  In ten
days they would lose 100,000 men -- twice
all the American deaths in Vietnam, but
barely a footnote in the endless slaughter
of WW1.
If you had been on the Italian front that June --
if you had been, say, young Ernest Hemingway
from Michigan, tending your ambulance -- and
had looked up at just the right time and place,
you might have seen one of the biplanes of that
era: an observation craft buzzing westward
from the Austrian lines.
The skinny boy-officer in the rear cockpit was a
spotter for an artillery regiment of the Austro-
Hungarian army.  He had dropped out of high
school in his senior year to enlist and experience
a small part of the catastrophe.
He was Lieutenant Friedrich August von Hayek,
eldest son of a distinguished family of the minor
Austrian nobility.  He was just nineteen years old
and, like all the young men so engaged that year,
had no good prospect of getting much older.
Hayek had been born in Vienna in 1899, in the
reign of "der Alte Kaiser," the Emperor Franz-
Joseph, next-to-last of the durable Habsburg
Unlike many of his age and class, Lt. von Hayek
survived his war.  He contracted malaria in the
long retreat in the fall of 1918 but made it back

@_date: 1998-10-13 20:15:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: [FP] Boiling the frog: Much will depend on 'electronic money' 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: "ScanThisNews" SCAN THIS NEWS
[Forwarded message]
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED OCT. 4, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Boiling the frog: Much will depend on the new 'electronic money'
EDITORS: A version of this feature first appeared in the October edition of
Las Vegas Magazine.
    An Internet press release (how trendy) from the folks at MasterCard
International, datelined "Purchase, N.Y., July 22, 1998," informs us:
  "MasterCard International hosted today an online forum with thought
leaders from global business, government and research organizations to
discuss lifestyle changes that will occur as smart card technology gains
acceptance over the next five years.
  "Representatives from IBM, Hitachi, British Telecommunications plc, the
U.S. federal government's General Services Administration, The Tower Group
and Emerge Online participated in the roundtable, which was moderated by
Richard Phillimore, Senior Vice President of MasterCard's Chip Card
Business unit.
  "'Five years from now, multi-application smart cards will be an
established technology in the payments business,' Phillimore said. 'As the
benefits of multi-application smart cards are proven in the marketplace,
the conversion from magnetic stripe to chip-based payment cards will be
very rapid. By the year 2010, we expect all of MasterCard's credit and
debit cards and terminals will be chip-based.'
  "Smart cards will deliver increased consumer value and utility to today's
credit cards, Phillimore added. 'Chip technology will enable cardholders to
use their cards for many more purposes, such as electronic ticketing,
loyalty programs, and secure remote shopping -- a true Lifestyle Card that
can be tailored to meet the unique needs and  preferences of a single
  When mentioning those ominous-sounding "loyalty programs," I should point
out, the online MasterCard gang are referring not to government loyalty
oaths of the "am not now and never have been a member of the Communist
Party" variety, but rather a system in which cardholders receive discounts
for "loyally" shopping through one company -- the system probably familiar
to most consumers today via those "discount club cards" issued by your
supermarket, offering you 30 cents off a package of toilet paper if you let
the teller scan your card at the checkout stand.
  Of course, the store gets something back in return for that discount. In
addition to the obvious hope that you'll keep going back to the store whose
discount card you carry (essentially, a surcharge is being applied to
"hoppers" who show no store loyalty), the management can now easily track
how many of its outlets you visit, and what you buy there.
  The initial commercial applications may be innocent enough -- "Let's save
postage by only sending coupons for this new brand of breakfast cereal to
the home addresses of our shoppers who already buy the more expensive
competitor." But you don't have to be the kind who walks stooped over to
avoid the black helicopters to foresee the day when the government
inspectors may arrive, asking to see the electronic profiles of all
customers in a given geographic area who have used the fast-spreading cards
to buy anything from home AIDS test kits to hydroponic "grow lights" to
"High Times" magazine to pistol ammunition.
 It's all stored in the computer, you know. And how long do you think Jack,
your friendly local produce manager, is really going to refuse to let the
FBI access his computer without a court order? About as long as it takes
them to ask for his Social Security number and threaten to call their
friends at the IRS, suggesting Jack may be in need of an immediate tax
  The cheerful little MasterCard press release doesn't take long to broach
the subject of "expanded uses" for the new cards with their embedded memory
  "The panel also addressed the use of smart cards for identification
purposes. Many agreed that identification was the 'killer application' that
would encourage adoption of smart card programs. Kotaro Yamashita, COO of
Financial Services at Hitachi, Ltd. said, 'We see identification
applications issued by governments as being big in many places outside of
Asia, for example Central America.' However, Marty Wagner, Associate
Administrator of the Office of Government wide Policy at the U.S. General
Services Administration (GSA) cautioned that 'National identity card
programs could run into trouble in the U.S. due to privacy concerns.' "
    #   #   #
 The process of accustoming Americans to carrying around cards which can be
used to buy anything from a candy car to a soda pop to a round-trip airline
ticket to London -- but whose embedded chips will also relay to corporate
and government snoops the social security number and other personal
information (and resultant tax obligations) of anyone making that purchase

@_date: 1998-10-13 20:12:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: TCQ ascii version 
X-Authentication-Warning: tarnhelm.blu.org: majordom set sender to
owner-isig using -f
Sender: owner-isig
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: isig
How about a government employee taking part in political discussion
without the fear of suffering some form of reprisal by their elected
How about a gay person that's still in the closet that wants to discuss
how to explain their situation to their family without the fear that
their sexual preference would be exposed?
How about those that are HIV positive looking for support while living in
a small town that is very afraid of those with HIV, and where the
knowledge that one is HIV positive has driven people from the community?
How about someone that feels they may be getting sexually harassed but
isn't sure that they want to confront their harasser, but wants some
How about a rape, incest, or domestic violence victim that is looking for
some support group but doesn't want to go public yet?
How about the alcoholic, drug user, gambler trying to come to terms with
their problem.  How about the relatives of those with that type of
problem that are looking for a private way to deal/handle the problems
associated with their relative's problem?
How about the runaway that is looking for a way to go home, or the
suicidal person that is looking for help.  Must they go public to
get that help, or should they be able to ask questions anonymously?
How about the person that wants to turn in someone that's going to
commit a crime?
There are lots of good reasons that people want privacy and anonymity,
and lots of them have to do with the prejudices of others about the
issue that the person wants to keep private.
Chuck Demas
Needham, Mass.
  Eat Healthy    |   _ _   | Nothing would be done at all,
  Stay Fit       |   @ @   | If a man waited to do it so well,
  Die Anyway     |    v    | That no one could find fault with it.
  demas |  \___/  | To unsubscribe from this list, send mail to majordomo
with the following text in the *body* (*not* the subject line) of the letter:
unsubscribe isig
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-13 20:23:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: IP: [FP] Boiling the frog: Much will depend on 'electronicmoney' 
...which, of course, we've seen already.
Sorry about that, folks. Call it mail-buffer overload, or something. :-).
Sometimes it's not the the cross-fire, it's the ricochets which get you.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-13 21:18:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: "It's a Hardware Problem..." 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  EurekAlert!
EMBARGOED FOR RELEASE: 12 OCTOBER 1998 AT 02:00:00 ET US
 Contact: Chris Burroughs
 coburro
 505-844-0948
 Sandia National Laboratories
 "World's Smallest Combination Lock" Promises
 To Foil The Best Computer Hacker, Say Sandia
 Developers
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. -- The "world's smallest combination lock," a minuscule
mechanical device developed at Sandia National Laboratories, promises to
build a virtually impenetrable computer firewall that even the best hacker
can't beat. The Recodable Locking Device, which uses microelectromechanical
system (MEMS) technology so small that it takes a microscope to see it, is
a series of tiny notched gears that move to the unlocked position only when
the right code is entered. It's the first known mechanical hardware
designed to keep unwanted guests from breaking codes and illegally entering
computer and other secure systems.
"Computer firewalls have always been dependent on software, which means
they are 'soft' and subject to manipulations," says Larry Dalton, manager
of Sandia's High Integrity Software Systems Engineering Department. "Our
device is hardware and is extremely difficult to break into. You have one
and only one chance in a million of picking exactly the right code compared
to a one in 10,000 chance, with many additional chances, in most software
firewalls. After one failed try, this new device mechanically shuts down
and can't be reset and reopened except by the owner."
Patent filed
Sandia, a Department of Energy (DOE) national security lab, recently filed
for a patent for the mechanism. The first working units were fabricated in
July. The Sandia team, which is refining the device and doing reliability
tests, expects to have it ready for commercialization in about two years.
Once it is perfected, a commercial partner will be tapped to produce and
sell it. "The Recodable Locking Device should be of great interest to
businesses and individuals who have computer networks, have sites on the
Web, or require secure computers," says Frank Peter, engineer who designed
the device. "It would make it virtually impossible for break-ins to Web
sites, like what occurred with The New York Times in September." (Hackers
broke into the Times' electronic edition in mid-September and shut it down
for several hours.)
Computer crime is a growing problem nationwide. The Computer Security
Institute together with the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) recently
surveyed 520 security practitioners in US corporations, government
agencies, financial institutions, and universities. Results showed that 64
percent of the respondents reported computer security breaches within the
last 12 months. And although 72 percent said they suffered financial losses
from these breaches, only 42 percent were able to quantify their losses --
estimating them to be more than $136.8 million.
Dalton says he 'had the notion' of the device for three years, calling it
the 'digital isolation and incompatibility' project. Digital was for the
digital world, and isolation and incompatibility are important concepts in
stronglinks, which are mechanical locks used as safety devices in weapons.
He turned to Sandia's Electromechanical Engineering Department, headed by
David Plummer, to do the design because of that group's expertise in
stronglinks as well as its ability to design using the new MEMS technology.
Simple system
"It took about three months to go from concept to the final design," Peter
says. "Based on a code storage scheme used successfully in existing weapon
surety subsystems, we were able to design a very simple device -- and it's
the simplicity of the device that makes it easy to analyze from a
vulnerability standpoint."
The Sandia Microelectronics Development Laboratory used Peter's design to
build a working device, which consists of a series of six code wheels, each
less than 300 microns in diameter, driven by electrostatic comb drives that
turn electrical impulses into mechanical motion. The 'lock owner' sets a
lock combination to any value from one to one million. The entire device is
about 9.4 millimeters by 4.7 millimeters, about the size of a button on a
dress shirt. The Recodable Locking Device consists of two sides -- the user
side and the secure side. To unlock the device, a user must enter a code
that identically matches the code stored mechanically in the six code
wheels. If the user makes even one wrong entry -- and close doesn't count

@_date: 1998-10-13 22:01:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FYI: More on WebTV security 
X-Sender: dstoler
        mac-crypto
Dear all,
This message discusses Microsoft's recent press release where they announce
unlimited 128 bit RC4 export approval for WebTV users in Japan and the UK
with no key escrow. They announce secure email between WebTV users in
addition to security for financial services, web shopping, etc.
 (See
the end of this message for key paragraphs of the press release.)
I rarely post messages on the crypto mailing lists. I am sufficiently
disturbed by Microsoft's recent WebTV press release that I feel compelled
to comment.
The press release implies that there is secure end-to-end email between two
WebTV customers.
Perhaps I am overly cynical, but I am guessing that they are using SSL
(TLS) from a web based email application on the client to WebTV's servers.
I presume email data is decrypted at the servers, then re-encrypted to the
recipient when she uses the WebTV client to read email.
This approach would allow access to private email at the servers by WebTV
employees or law enforcement agencies.
Note the careful use of the phrases "unauthorized party" and "without
posing undo risks to national security and law enforcement" in the press
I believe that WebTV's email security is directly coupled to their ability
to establish and enforce good security policy within their operation and
the trustworthiness of the employees who have access to sensitive data.
I am concerned that carefully constructed wording of Microsoft's press
release implies stronger email security than really exists. I hope I am
David Stoler
Key paragraphs from Microsoft's press release:
WebTV Networks has been granted the first export license to use strong
128-bit encryption for any user and any application in Japan and the United
Kingdom. So, for example, an e-mail message with personal information sent
from a WebTV subscriber in Japan to a second WebTV subscriber in Japan will
be sent securely because there is no known technology by which an
unauthorized party could intercept and decipher it.
Therefore, as part of the WebTV Network, the WebTV-based Internet terminal
(starting at under $100) is now the most secure communications device
available from a U.S. company.
"WebTV Networks' export approval is a significant step for industry and
reflects the U.S. government's commitment to promoting e-commerce abroad,"
said William Reinsch, U.S. undersecretary for export administration. "The
WebTV Network provides secure communications for its customers and partners
without posing undue risks to national security and law enforcement."
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-14 05:20:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Soccer Moms? 
Actually, we've been persistant victims of a misspelling, here.
According to Rush Limbaugh, the true spelling, evidently, is "Sucker", not
"Soccer" Moms.
Just what they've been sucking, I suppose I would as an exercise to the
reader, though I bet they didn't inhale more than once without getting a
severe um, headache, and we all know that "blow" is just an expression...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-14 06:24:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Soccer Moms? 
Okay, maaaaybe I was just a liiiitle bit misogynistic there.
My considerable apologies to those I offended with the above...
Bob Hettinga
PS: No, I didn't get any mail about this, it's a real-live, genuine,
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-14 22:54:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: THE BATTLE FOR AMERICA'S SOUL 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: The following article is intended for those who have attention
spans and the abilitiy to focus and reason beyond 30 second
sound-bites. If you are only capable of reading 30 lines of text
of disjointed sloganisms and cliches, I would recommend you simply
hit the delete key now and thanks for your time. For those who choose
to actually fully read and think about the article below, I believe
you'll find the arguments are well developed, forceful, compelling
and exquisitly reasoned. I found the arguments presented in the
article below as relevent and thought provoking as Fredric Bastiat's
The Law, which is available at; Bastiat's The Law was penned almost one hundred and fifty years before
the article below.- Harley
Source:                           THE BATTLE FOR AMERICAS SOUL
                               By Balint Vazsonyi
   For thirty years now, the Liberal-Conservative debate has been raging
   in our country. Some of the participants bring to mind a passage from
   Dostoyevskys Crime and Punishment. Raskolnikov, while delirious in the
   Siberian prison hospital, has a recurring dream. In it, the whole
   world had been condemned to a terrible and strange plague. Some new
   sorts of microbes began to afflict people. "Men attacked by them," he
   writes, "became at once mad and furious. But never had men considered
   themselves so intellectual and so completely in possession of the
   truth as these sufferers, never had they considered their decisions,
   their scientific conclusions, their moral convictions so
   infallible..."
   One hundred-and-thirty years after those lines were written, it is
   disquieting to see just such "sufferers" among us today. Are we
   participants in a debate or are we fighting a virus? The following is
   an attempt to find some answers to sort out the sides, their origins,
   their purpose.
                            THE QUESTION THAT MATTERS
   Scholars on both sides suggest that, during the 1960s, the original
   principles on which America was founded came to be interpreted in
   entirely new ways. It was this new understanding, so the suggestion
   goes, which led to fundamental changes in our thinking, our language,
   our institutions. Among other things, this altered reading also
   accounts for the radical shift in the meaning of the term, "Liberal."
   Is the national debate indeed a dialogue between two competing
   interpretations of what we shall call the American Construct? That,
   without a doubt, is the question that matters. If it is, then the word
   "debate" is entirely appropriate. If it is, then neither side can lay
   claim to the 'Truth.' If it is, then the more power to the winners may
   they alternate frequently, as behooves a democracy.
   Before we can decide, we need to remind ourselves of our spiritual and
   philosophical roots. We use the term American Construct here to
   represent the compendium of ideas and principles which issued from
   Franklins Poor Richard, Jeffersons Declaration of Independence, the
   U.S. Constitution, The Federalist Papers of Hamilton and Madison, all
   the way to the Bill of Rights. In order to qualify as indigenous,
   ideas and practices ought to be traceable to, or at least compatible
   with, the American Construct. The following key areas suggest some
   early answers.
     * The Constitution does not provide for Group Rights. Yet, a
       steadily growing number of groups is being granted an increasing
       number of rights.
     * Defense, for which the Constitution does provide, has been
       surrounded by an atmosphere of derision and hostility; the
       effectiveness of our armed forces is being diminished through
       inappropriate use.
     * Of the three branches of government, Congress is entrusted with
       the powers to legislate. Neither the Executive nor the Judiciary
       should presume such powers, yet both have done so with increasing
       frequency.
     * The constitutional guarantee for the freedom of speech becomes
       moot if the vocabulary is controlled by codes, regulations and
       punitive practices.
     * The protection of private property is no longer guaranteed if the
       Executive Branch can confiscate it under the pretext of arbitrary
       regulation.
     * Education used to be based on the best available information, the
       consensus of generations, and rewards designed to extract the best
       effort from all participants. Currently, information is being
       replaced by propaganda, consensus by the whim and din of activist
       groups, best effort by primitive egalitarianism.
     * Americans were supposed to be judged based on what they could do.
       Their prospects are now contingent on what (not even who) they
       are.
     * Morality and decency in human relations which once governed our
       society are being displaced by doctrines which do not, even,
       recognize the existence of values; the spirit of voluntarism is
       being choked by coercion.
   Accordingly, the argument that we are conducting a discourse within
   the American Construct cannot be sustained. That being the case, the
   alternative must be considered. If the debate has not been generated
   from within, it must be one between our own preexisting principles and
   ideas which are foreign in origin. Foreign ideas may be benign or
   hostile. Given the foregoing, as well as the ferocity of the assault
   over the past three decades, there is every reason to assume that they
   are the latter. If so, the very existence of our country, as we know
   it, is at stake. It is therefore of the utmost urgency to seek
   detailed answers to the question that matters.
   To begin with, new ideas are exceedingly rare. We may safely assume
   that most ideas, however differently they might be packaged, have been
   around for some time. The doctrines currently waging their battle
   inside America are likely to be old acquaintances, not brainstorms of
   the 1960s. There is some advantage to be derived: exploring the
   history and curriculum of old ideas provides clues about the path they
   are likely to follow again and again. As we encounter the alarming
   similarities between the so-called Liberal agenda and the practices of
   past regimes, there may be emotional barriers to overcome. How could
   decent, ordinary Americans take their cue from precedents they reject
   and abhor on a conscious level? Yet the facts speak for themselves.
                               BOLSHEVISM FASCISM
   The conventional view, notwithstanding the Hitler-Stalin pact of 1939,
   is that Communism and Nazism were opposites one on the extreme left,
   the other on the extreme right. At the time of the Spanish Civil War
   of 1936, Americans fell victim to the propaganda that Communists and
   Fascists ("Nazi" and "Fascist" will be discussed below) were enemies.
   In addition, the countless distinguished personalities who joined the
   North American Committee to Aid Spanish Democracy created the illusion
   that Communists were 'on the side of righteousness.' Unbeknownst to
   them, the Communist Party ran the entire organization.
   Rather than enemies, Nazism and Communism were the ultimate
   competitors. Each wanted to conquer and rule both over the physical
   world, and over the minds of people. The methods which were developed
   and implemented for the control of behavior took many forms, not all
   of them obvious or even unpleasant when dispensed in small doses. Yet
   they strike at the heart of human relations; they also severe the link
   between cause and effect, so essential in developing an individual's
   viability.
   First, we need to remind ourselves of key words which, in common
   usage, have taken on different connotations: Fascism, Nazism,
   Communism. Webster defines Fascism and Nazism in almost identical
   terms: "a centralized autocratic severely national regime;"
   "regimentation of industry, commerce and finance;" "rigid censorship,
   forcible suppression of opposition." The definition of Communism
   begins with "common ownership of assets." The subheading Bolshevism,
   however, resembles the wording applied to Fascism and Nazism. Webster
   comes remarkably close, but no fully-satisfactory definitions exist.
   In truth, they are simply so many variants of Socialism, and Marx
   himself was already at pains while writing the Communist Manifesto in
   1848 to sort out the different kinds of Socialism.
   Initially, there appears to be a distinction between "National
   Socialism" (the German and Italian varieties) and "International
   Socialism" (the Russian Model), based on the difference in agendas as
   stated by the parties themselves. Reality, however, gives rhetoric the
   lie. Albeit without the Nuremberg Laws or prescribed physical
   characteristics, "The Soviet Man" was made the object of enforced
   worship just the same as was the Aryan hero - nothing international
   about that. Not even in the approach to the fundamental Marxian issue
   of ownership can we observe a substantial difference: The Program of
   the National Socialist German Workers' Party (the full name of the
   Nazi party) demands "the nationalization of all business enterprises
   that have been organized into corporations." A realistic examination
   of these seemingly opposite systems reveals them as mirror images,
   aspiring to a similar objective, applying identical methods, achieving
   comparable subjugation of people under their control, and pursuing the
   same enemies.
   Objective. The agenda underlying all operations calls for unlimited
   discretionary powers to be concentrated in the hands of a small,
   self-perpetuating group in which membership is by invitation only.
   Members of the group typically fall into two categories. One of these
   claims to know what is best for all people; the other simply wants
   unchecked power. The synergy is perfect: Ideologues need terrorists to
   retain physical control; terrorists need ideologues to supply
   intermittent explanations for the rule they maintain. It is only
   natural that the objectives include an effort to expand the number of
   those over whom power is exerted.
   Given the ultimate objective of concentrating all power in the hands
   of a single group, competing formations calling themselves "Fascist,"
   "Nazi," "Communist," "Bolshevik," or "Maoist" must fight it out until
   only one of them remains operative, hence the insistence on being
   'different.'
   Methods. (The reader is asked to compare these to present-day
   practices.) As well as control of the military and the police,
   successful exercise of power requires control of key institutions to
   replace or supplement brute force. The checklist includes news sources
   especially of the visual variety education, the judiciary, labor
   organizations, arts and entertainment, as well as a parental
   relationship between government and the governed. Required, also, is
   the attribution of infallibility at the top. A human replaces the
   object of religious worship, just as holiday celebrations of a
   political nature replace religious ones. Replacement of another kind
   is the renaming of streets, towns, institutions. The purpose is to do
   away with reminders of the past thus discontinuing history and to
   provide constant reminders of the present.
   The practice of discontinuing history is indispensable. Successive
   generations must be devoid of traditions and prevented from comparing
   past and present. It also 'justifies' revision of the entire academic
   curriculum, so that no subject would accidentally provide accurate
   information about history. While adults need the threat of punishment
   in order to 'forget' what they had learned, information can simply be
   withheld from young people and/or manipulated before it reaches them.
   Youth organizations were created with compulsory membership - except
   when exclusion was chosen as an instrument of humiliation. Hitler
   Youth, Komsomol, Pioneers put people in uniform at a young age,
   ensured their early allegiance to The Leader, and placed them under
   the command of a political appointee whose prerogative superseded that
   of both the parental home and the school. Finally, learned faculties
   were placed under the control of political operatives with little or
   no education.
   The corruption of education was matched by the corruption of the legal
   system. This required judges who would subordinate both their natural
   and learned sense of justice to what was declared to be "the higher
   interest of the community." For an example we quote marching orders
   issued by Hans Frank, President of the Academy of German Law and of
   the National Bar Association in the Third Reich:
   "The basis for interpreting all legal sources is the National
   Socialist Philosophy, especially as expressed in the party program..."
   Thus was born the concept of the political activist judge who wore the
   robe as no less a uniform than the black shirt or the red shirt.
   Controlling the behavior of the adult population required the most
   sophisticated approach, if outright terror was to be relaxed to any
   extent. Although Lenin and Stalin pointed the way and Mao Tse-Tung
   achieved the ultimate by making one billion people wear the same
   clothes, it was the Germans ever the theorists who supplied the
   terminology for the first tool. They called it "Gleichschaltung,"
   which verbatim means "switching to being the same." The program called
   for total alignment with the goals of Nazi policies and placed
   everyone on the same level, creating the ultimate degree of
   conformity.
   Gleichschaltung operated at once on structural and cultural levels.
   Structurally, the first victim was federalism: Within days of Hitler's
   accession, the states had to cede authority to the central government.
   Next, the leadership and membership of every kind of organization had
   to become politically and racially correct. While a variety of
   agencies had the task of implementing the structural changes, as early
   as March 1933 a separate Cabinet Department was created for Josef
   Goebbels to oversee every aspect of the cultural scene, making certain
   that it was politically correct. Specific terms aside, the reality of
   all these regimes is the great flattening of society which is in full
   progress from day one. It is astonishing and frightening how little
   time it took both in Russia and in Germany to accomplish this task.
   Indeed, it should be noted that demolishing what centuries had built
   does not require even a single generation.
   The other tool had to do with groups. While it may appear
   contradictory to identify groups in a society having just experienced
   Gleichschaltung, contradictions do not represent obstacles in a
   totalitarian structure. Placing the emphasis on groups was as
   necessary as the leveling had been: It facilitated positive and
   negative imaging. This constant dichotomy of egalitarianism and group
   hatred provided a manipulative tool as simple as it was ingenious.
   Hitler used race and nationality, Lenin and Stalin mostly class the
   outcome was the same.
   Subjugation. (Please continue the comparison with current tendencies.)
   It is commonly known that the Gestapo was a state within the State, as
   was the Cheka/GPU/NKVD/KGB establishment. Their responsibility was not
   merely control but the maintenance of a permanent state of fear. Yet
   internal security organs, however large, could not by themselves see
   to that. Therefore, in one sense or another everyone was recruited to
   be an agent of fear. In Nazi Germany, as in Soviet Russia, children
   were encouraged to inform on their parents, neighbors on each other.
   Very soon it became a matter of reporting someone before someone
   reported you. It was possible to be reported for virtually anything,
   so that people grew fearful of doing or saying everyday, ordinary
   things. One could never be safe from somebody 'putting a spin' on the
   most innocent act or remark.
   Enemies. Whereas democracies associate enemies with physical attack or
   the threat thereof, both Nazism and Communism required at all times
   the existence of enemies, internal and external. The array of internal
   enemies would suggest a certain difference: Jews for the Nazis, "Class
   Enemies" for the Bolsheviks. However, the Russians had anti-Jewish
   pogroms long before Hitler and, later, significant numbers of Jews
   were exiled or killed as "exploiters." The aristocracy was looked upon
   just as much an enemy by the Nazis who were, after all, Socialists.
   The Church was regarded as an enemy by both, partly because it
   advocated morality, and because it, too, required allegiance and
   obedience and attitude reserved exclusively for The Party. "National
   Socialist and Christian concepts are irreconcilable," so Martin
   Bormann begins the Third Reich's definitive statement on the subject.
   Yet, it is in the realm of Nazism's and Bolshevism's external enemies
   that examination proves the most revealing. Experience confirms that
   the primary enemy in the eyes of Nazis and Communists alike was the
   English-speaking world, in all its manifestations.
   In my native Hungary, where Soviet occupation followed Nazi
   occupation, typically the same henchmen jailed the same persons for
   the same offense: Listening to an English-language broadcast whether
   in 1944 or in 1952. The reasons are obvious. To all those who would
   take over the world, Great Britain and the United States have been the
   main impediment. Philip II of Spain and Napoleon had known that
   already; Hitler and Stalin had to learn it anew. Neither German
   technological genius nor Soviet numerical advantage was sufficient to
   carry the day against Anglo-American resolve, because it was backed by
   principles, attitudes and traditions which had brought forth stable,
   productive, peacefully-evolving societies. And since language is the
   carrier of ideas, English words were perceived to be as menacing as
   Spitfire interceptors or nuclear submarines. The power of seminally
   English phrases like "My home is my castle" or "Innocent until proven
   guilty" is awesome. The strenuous efforts by Liberals to diminish the
   presence of English in contemporary America furnish additional proof.
                        WHAT'S 'RIGHT' WHAT'S 'POSSIBLE'
   The epoch-making contributions of Germans from Luther to Goethe, from
   Bach to Wagner, from Gutenberg to Zeiss reveal a great similarity
   across the centuries, across the various fields of endeavor. From
   Luther's 'nailing his 95 Theses to the door' through Bach's The Art of
   the Fugue and Goethe's Faust to Wagner's Gesamtkunstwerk, the observer
   beholds the German tendency and capacity for seeking and creating the
   absolute, the all-encompassing, the ultimate. When applied to
   philosophy, this same tendency gave birth to Kant who declared his
   chief work free from error. He was followed by Hegel, who more or less
   declared the end of history. By this juncture, German philosophy had
   established its lineage all the way back to Plato, and regarded itself
   sole heir to the search for what is right. From that point onward, a
   seemingly endless succession of German thinkers, in a mostly
   descending sequence of brilliance and/or morality, began to convert
   philosophy into Social Dogma. Social Dogma is based on a simple
   assumption: That certain people know better what is best for all other
   creatures, and that such people possess the right to enforce their
   'enlightened' beliefs because they shall lead the rest of us to a
   'perfect' world.
   Taking his cue, perhaps, from what had begun in 1215 at Runnymede, it
   was John Locke who (nearly five hundred years later) identified and
   settled for attainable goals. He and Adam Smith seem to have broken
   with the two-thousand-year-old search for what is 'right,' and
   substituted an inquiry into that which is possible. It would be
   consistent with the previous argument to suggest that the sober
   modesty of Locke and Smith was as much a reflection on British
   temperament as Kant or Hegel was on the German. Be that as it may, the
   astonishing influence of their thought is comparable only to the
   success of the societies which paid attention to them. Without
   diminishing the significance of Locke's lasting pronouncements on the
   limited role of government, the separation of powers, the relationship
   of the individual to the community, or the full roster of civil
   liberties, one is tempted to say that his genius lay in the very
   acceptance of certain limitations, which is at the heart of his Essay
   Concerning Human Understanding. Free from what Friedrich Hayek calls
   the "fatal conceit," Locke presents his chief work fully cognizant of
   inconsistencies, perhaps to signal that these are forever inherent in
   the human condition.
                              MONOLOGUES DIALOGUES
   It took another hundred years before Nietzsche would declare God
   "dead" but, by claiming to be free from error, Kant began what amounts
   to a monologue. Hegel and Marx continued the practice of dispensing
   monologues. By the time Marx appeared on the scene, German thinkers
   had succeeded in seizing center-stage from the French. Social Dogma
   was now ready to embark on the effort of replacing Christianity as the
   dominant religion, hence its first conquest in Russia where only a new
   orthodoxy was capable of upstaging the old one. Russia had produced no
   thinkers of its own and was in desperate need of alternatives. Yet,
   there may have been deep-seated reasons in Germany itself. After
   centuries of struggle for a consolidated German state, after centuries
   of religious contention between Catholics and Protestants, between
   Lutherans and Calvinists, the perceived need for a set of finite
   doctrines was approaching crisis levels. Social Dogma provided all
   answers, bypassed or eliminated 'troublesome' individual rights, and
   throve on group hostility. Because it does not accommodate contrary
   opinion and rules by decree without room for discussion, it must lead
   to intrusive government the ultimate embodiment of The Monologue.
   Where it ran its full course, it gave the world leaders like Lenin,
   and his two stellar disciples: Stalin and Hitler.
   By contrast, the founding of the United States of America occurred
   amidst a series of dialogues. Most notable among these was the
   long-standing disagreement between Jefferson and Hamilton. They and
   their contemporaries managed to divine from their studies of other
   societies an uncommon understanding of human nature. Postulating moral
   foundations as a given, these men created a framework which sought to
   limit secular laws, rules and regulations to the necessary minimum.
   They recognized that the fewer the rules, the broader the potential
   agreement. Broad agreement, in turn, results in less strife. Less
   strife leaves people free to create and accomplish. The fewer
   obstacles placed in the path of individuals, the less energy wasted in
   trying to overcome them. Nevertheless, they left the doors wide open
   for the continuation of the dialogue, enshrined in the American
   Construct as the system of checks and balances.
                             PRODUCTION DISTRIBUTION
   Adam Smith sets the agenda at the outset of his The Wealth of Nations
   by discussing production and productivity. It is a study of constantly
   accumulating wealth, providing increased access to a growing number of
   participants. On the opposite side, Marx's chief argument concerns
   "surplus value" and to whom it ought to belong. (In fact, he presumes
   to determine to whom anything may belong.) From the outset, Social
   Dogma concentrates on distribution. Socialism is defined as
   distribution of the national product based on individual performance,
   Communism as distribution of the national product based on individual
   need. Social Dogma is unable even to think in terms of production, of
   increased availability. Instead, it is obsessed with the distribution
   of what it considers a finite quantity of goods.
   A review of the past thirty years in the United States will confirm
   these findings. American Liberals have concentrated solely on
   distribution. Emphasis was shifted from opportunity to entitlement.
   Instead of increased productivity, Liberal efforts are always directed
   toward increasing demands. These demands are for unearned
   participation in, and distributions from, the accomplishments of those
   who produce the nation's goods tangible and intangible. Those who
   would resist are branded with pejorative labels no self-respecting
   American is able to bear.
   Agendas of confiscation and of arbitrary distribution result in a
   downward spiral. With incentives shrinking, less and less is produced,
   consequently there is less and less to distribute. This, in a
   nutshell, is why welfare states invariably increase poverty.
                              MINORITIES MAJORITIES
   Were it sensible and desirable in and of itself, 19th century German
   Social Dogma would still be irrelevant for the United States. It was
   devised under conditions and with societies in mind in which a
   minority enjoyed a high standard of living, while the circumstances of
   the "overwhelming majority" (in the words of Marx) were in urgent need
   of improvement. By the time Social Dogma launched its all-out assault
   on the American Construct during the mid-1960s the overwhelming
   majority of Americans had come to enjoy a higher standard of living
   than members of any previous society. How, then, was it possible for
   this patently alien, irrelevant doctrine to pervade our thinking, our
   language, our institutions?
   Social Dogma persuades its intended victims that it has people's best
   interest in mind, that it seeks peace, justice, and equality, that it
   is motivated by caring and compassion. Its ability to camouflage true
   intent and adapt to a specific scenario is matchless. It never admits
   to prohibiting freedom of speech; instead, it masquerades in the Third
   Reich as "allegiance to the Fuhrer," in the Soviet realm as "class
   struggle," in the United States as "politically correct vocabulary."
   It never admits to obstructing the path of the talented; instead, it
   decrees purification of the race (Third Reich), leadership of the
   proletariat (Soviet Union), affirmative action (United States). It
   never admits to confiscating the property of those who had succeeded;
   instead, it claims to recover "what the Jews had plundered" (Third
   Reich), to establish national ownership (Soviet Union), to protect the
   environment (United States).
   A convergence of unusual circumstances rendered Americans receptive,
   among them the ennui of the affluent, the Vietnam debate, the new
   preoccupation with clean water and air, the Civil Rights movement.
   Along with its staples of "peace," "social justice," and all-round
   'goodness,' Social Dogma promised unlimited and unrestricted sex.
   Soon, an entire generation of Americans was convinced that their own
   existing ideals and aspirations blended naturally with Social Dogma,
   which merely expressed them in 'more precise and more global terms.'
   Thus, the interpretation of the Vietnam conflict was switched. No
   longer an effort by the Free World to contain Communist expansion, it
   became "the just struggle of a small people against the mighty
   Imperialists." The rising tide of legitimate concern for America's
   Blacks was harnessed to brand every person of white skin with the
   indelible stigma of racism, thereby eliminating any prospect of a
   resolution. The genuine compassion Americans feel toward the less
   fortunate was corrupted into the agenda of redistribution. Academic
   freedom in our universities was turned into a weapon to stifle
   academic freedom, just as Martin Heidegger Hitler's first appointee as
   University President, and still an object of academic worship in
   America had demanded in 1933. With utter disregard for the American
   experience which had proven the very opposite of Social Dogma at every
   turn, the minds of an entire generation were taken over completely,
   producing several million unwitting Fellow Travelers. Today, it is
   that same generation which performs mind-snatching on successive
   generations of children.
   They are stealing childhood from our children who are commandeered on
   the streets to march against ballot items they cannot possibly
   comprehend. Boys and girls are recruited to act as mouthpieces for
   activists on behalf of issues patently outside their youthful
   interests or grasp. A majority of them now believe they belong to a
   minority. Far from being encouraged to think of themselves as
   Americans, their sense of identity is imprinted with the stigma of
   separateness from their earliest moments of consciousness. The
   camouflage applied in this area bears the labels "self esteem," "role
   models," "roots."
   Most immigrants took their lives in their hands because in the country
   of their birth they could not get ahead, or could not get along (or
   both). What made the difference? Why have men and women Irish,
   Sicilian, Hungarian, Vietnamese and, yes, African made out so
   infinitely better over here than over there?
   The American Construct knew nothing about hyphens. If everybody was
   American, plain and simple, the curse of warring groups will have been
   eliminated and a community of individuals was free to evolve. Nearly
   two centuries later, the assault of Social Dogma was spearheaded by
   the arrival of the hyphen. The hyphen accomplished what the Wolfpack,
   the V1, the V2, and all the ICBMs of the Soviet Union could not. It
   created the seams at which America was to come apart.
   Meanwhile, a growing multitude of minorities is attempting the uneasy
   fit of employing Social Dogma developed to suppress the minority in a
   given society to gain objectives advocated by self-appointed leaders.
   Common sense would inform them that destroying the very structure in
   which they seek accommodation has never been a successful recipe. If
   the objective is to live inside a certain building, demolishing it and
   distributing the bricks is hardly the way to go. Social Dogma has yet
   to succeed in building anything at all. History has recorded its
   unparalleled record of destruction, which is why the so-called
   National Standards for U.S. History and for World History had gone to
   such lengths to eliminate the teaching of history in our schools.
                               DEBATE OR WARFARE?
   And so we return to The Question That Matters. Communism and Nazism
   have demonstrated what might happen if Social Dogma governs. At the
   expense of the individual law, education, and human interaction of
   every kind will be subordinated to some "higher purpose," expressed
   always in terms of group identity. The agenda is prescribed and
   adjusted daily by those who claim to 'know best' what is appropriate
   for all creatures.
   During the 19th century, the clash between these conflicting views
   remained confined to writings. In 1914, the contest moved to the
   battlefield. Two World Wars and the so-called Cold War later the same
   battle continues to rage, now in the everyday life of America. It is,
   without doubt, a fight to the finish. Yet those who have been
   persuaded that we are debating merely different approaches to our
   shared American traditions remain the great majority. Decades of mind
   manipulation by social theorists, social dogmatists, has succeeded in
   distorting our vision.
   That which divided Kant from Locke, Marx from Adam Smith, separates
   Liberals from Conservatives in today's America. Significantly, Locke
   neither implied that he was privy to divine insight nor found himself
   in need of declaring God "dead" to make his point. English-speaking
   thinkers, unlike their German counterparts, did not seek to challenge
   religion an important distinction between the protagonists, still
   today. Securely anchored in their moral foundations, Conservatives can
   afford to pursue the dialogue as a process of discovery, amongst
   themselves and with the American people at large. Liberals must
   continue to rely upon their unrelenting monologue.
   Because in the short term dialogue can appear as uncertainty and
   monologue as strength, the time has come to distinguish between
   appearance and substance as follows:
     * The agenda of so-called Liberals in America rests on 19th century
       (German) Social Dogma. No alternative roots of significance are
       traceable.
     * Social Dogma is diametrically opposed the principles on which this
       nation was founded.
     * Social Dogma seeks to restrict freedom of speech, freedom of
       movement, advancement without discrimination, and the protection
       of private property.
     * Having lost two World Wars and the Cold War, Social Dogma
       continues to cast aspersions on our defense establishment, seeking
       eventually to destroy the capability of this country to resist and
       combat forces of oppression.
     * Social Dogma, unchallenged, has led to Bolshevism and Nazism.
     _________________________________________________________________
   These are the origins, this is the true nature of the so-called
   Liberal agenda. Without comprehending it, we are unlikely to exorcize
   it. Some have argued that even the Liberal agenda has 'good' points,
   but then people were taken in by Hitler's Autobahns, Mussolini's
   success in getting the trains to run on time, or all those Five-Year
   Plans which were supposed really, but REALLY, to put food on Soviet
   tables.
   Remember Raskolnikov's visionary nightmare about the new microbes?
   "Men attacked by them became at once mad and furious. But never had
   men considered themselves so intellectual and so completely in
   possession of the truth as these sufferers, never had they considered
   their decisions, their scientific conclusions, their moral convictions
   so infallible..."
   We have identified the microbes and the plague they spread. We called
   the virus Social Dogma. Cataloguing the damage it has already caused
   to America is but a first step. Next, we must learn to differenciate
   between those who have been infected, and those who are actively
   spreading the virus. While the former may be cured, the latter need to
   be engaged head-on.
     _________________________________________________________________
      (c) Copyright 1996 Balint Vazsonyi
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-15 05:54:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Tim May Investigations 
And here I thought Tim was born in Virginia, or something...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-16 01:31:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Evans on tradition, common law & Hayek 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research      M. Stanton Evans has an excellent discussion of tradition & common
law as it relates to liberty & consent in his _The Theme is Freedom:
Religion, Politics, and the American Tradition_, (1994, Regnery).
Chapter 5 of that book, "The Uses of Tradition", is particularly helpful.
 From that chapter...  [emphases his]
"The reason for this libertarian effect is that the common law created a
tremendous obstacle to the *workings of unchecked power in the state*.
For if the law grew up by way of custom and tradition, over great
intervals of time, then it was not the work of any individual and could
not be changed at anyone's discretion.  It was outside the ordinary
workings of the process, pre-existed the powers of the day, and would
survive them.  This made it superior to the will of any king, or group of
legislators, and gave it independent status."
-p. 80
"...the common law cannot be made over by the decree of any given
individual, group, or even generation.  It consists instead of the
accretion, over time, of ways of thinking and acting that many
generations have accepted.  When you think about it - and the common
lawyers did - this is a *species of consent*.  It means that people are
*voluntarily choosing to do things in a certain way, without any central
direction or design*.  Another common lawyer of the Stuart era, John
Davies, put it as follows:
     'The common law of England is nothing else but the common law and
custom of the realm... A custom taketh beginning and groweth to
perfection in this manner; when a reasonable act once done is found to be
good and beneficial to the people, and agreeable to their nature and
disposition, then they do use and practice it again and again, and so by
often iteration and multiplication of the act it becometh a custom...
customary law is the most perfect and most excellent, and without
comparison the best, to make and preserve a commonwealth.  For the
written laws that are made by either the edict of princes, or by council
of estates [i.e., Parliament] are imposed on the subject before any trial
or probation made, whether the same be fit and agreeable to the nature
and disposition of the people, or whether they will breed any
inconvenience or no.  But a custom doth never become a law to bind the
people, until it had been tried time out of mind...'"
-p. 88
"This notion of *custom as consent*, in contrast to top-down command, is
among the key ideas of the free society.  With the statements of Davies
and Wilson, in fact, we approach the modern exposition of this point by
Hayek, who devotes a series of penetrating essays to the subject.  The
distinctive features of a libertarian regime, Hayek argues, is that it
permits the organization of society by free decision, and that this
results in an ordered system that no single person or even group of
people has designed, and that could not have been created by top-down
methods.  An obvious example is the development of language - a structure
that has grown up over a considerable course of time, invented by nobody
in particular, but used conveniently by many."
-p. 89-90
     I had never quite connected this aspect of consent in with the
common law.  This makes the connection between spontaneous order, custom,
time & consent much clearer to me.
Stephen W. Carson   "Premature optimization is the root of all evil" -Donald Knuth
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-16 02:20:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Risk Management is Where the Money Is; Trust in Digital Commerce 
X-Sender: rah
        "Heffan, Ira" , Roland Mueller Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
          The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                       Presents
                       Dan Geer
                Senior Strategist and VP,
                       CertCo, Inc.
           Risk Management is Where the Money Is
                Tuesday, November 3rd, 1998
                       12 - 2 PM
             The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
               One Federal Street, Boston, MA
     The focus of "security" research today is the study of "trust
management," i.e., the study of how trust is created, propagated,
circumscribed, stored, exchanged, accounted for, recalled and adjudicated
in an electronic world.  This is both natural and mature -- natural because
security is a means and not an end, mature because security technology must
differentiate along cost-benefit lines.  All the security technology that
you can buy today enables some aspect of trust management and the academic
and entrepreneurial segments alike are busy supplying many novel ways to
propagate trust.  They have it all wrong.  Trust management is definitely
exciting, but like most exciting ideas it is not important.  What is
important is risk management, the sister, the dual of trust management.
And it is risk management that is the part of financial services that will
drive the security world from here on out whether you realize it or not.
Dan Geer is VP and Senior Strategist for CertCo, Inc., market leader
in digital certification for electronic commerce.  Dan has been at
a number of security oriented startups in the Boston area since
leaving academia where he was Manager of Systems Development for
MIT's Project Athena.  He holds a S.B. in EE/CS from MIT, and a
Sc.D. in Biostatistics from Harvard.  He was deeply involved
in medical computing for fifteen years.  A frequent speaker,
popular teacher and member of several professional societies,
he has been active in USENIX for some years at the Board level.
His recent publications include "The Web Security Sourcebook"
(Wiley, 1997) and the security chapter in Leebaert's "The
Future of the Electronic Marketplace" (MIT, 1998).
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, November 3, 1998, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of
the Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch
is $32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware,
and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code:
jackets and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate
business attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since
we purchase these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the
price of your lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we
*really* know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of
Boston", by Saturday, October 31st, or you won't be on the list for
lunch.  Checks payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston
will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The
Harvard Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your
e-mail address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements
(We've had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for
instance), please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work
something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
December   Joseph DeFeo   TBA
January    Ira Heffan     Internet Software and Business Process Patents
February   Roland Mueller European Privacy Directive
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston
on the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston,
send "info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail
list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-16 10:16:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: FYI: More on WebTV security 
mac-crypto
comments inserted, extraneous text deleted.
The wording is somewhat ambiguous though it does have more of a bent on the
security of the transport layer.  Perhaps it could have been clearer and
specifically said that messages where encrypted during transport using 128
bit encryption.
Close.  We could not even export SSL (TLS) with 128 encryption in this
scenario.  We have a proprietary transport protocol that we use that employs
128 bit RC4.
Partially true. We believe a major component of our security is indeed in
the encrypted transport of your email from the service through the internet,
through a leased POP to your box.  Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service
are available for your viewing.
    This level of protection goes beyond email to registration,
preferences/setup, "favorites" etc...  Virtually all communications with the
WebTV service.
We believe that with the level of encryption and the quality of our network
operations that we have the best level of privacy protection for our users
of any online service.  I agree that the carefully worded press release may
imply more than what we got.  But we are very happy with this initial step.
It has taken a very long time just to get export approval for this
architecture and we look forward to further relaxation of export controls so
we can compete on even footing with our foreign competitors.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-17 05:09:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Is it Keynes or Is it .... ? 
And now, ladies and germs, the "Spit Take of the Week" award winner...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research  >>   Is It Keynes?   <<    --   The End of Laissez-Faire
"A year or so from now, it will be difficult to find
a single person who admits ever having believed
that a global free market is a sensible way of
running the world economy .. The late-twentieth-
century political fad for the free market arose
at a time when memory of it had faded.  Mid-Victorian
laissez-faire was short-lived .. The free market came
about in England as a result not of slow evolution
but swiftly, as a consequence of the unremitting use
of the power of the state ..  The free market
withered away gradually, thought the natural workings
of democratic political competition ...
The short history of the free market in nineteenth-
century England illustrates a vital truth: Democracy and
the free market are rivals, not allies.  'Democratic
capitalism' -- the vacuous rallying cry of neoconservatives
everywhere -- signifies (or conceals) a deeply
problematic relationship.  The normal concomitant
of free markets is not stable democratic government
but the volatile -- and not always democratic -- politics
of economic insecurity.
History exemplifies an equally important fact:
Free market economies lack built-in stabilizers.
Without effective management by government,
they are liable to recurrent booms and busts --
with all their costs in social cohesion and
political stability.  The Great Depression was
partly an aftershock of the First World War
.. But is was also a consequence of governments'
holding to an orthodoxy that believed that so
long as inflation is under control the economy
can be relied upon to be self-regulating ,,,"
It's John Gray in _The Nation_.  "Not for the First
Time, World Sours on Free Markets", Oct. 19, 1998.
Is it Keynes is special service of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-17 07:12:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CL: The Economist on Giddens, Hayek & the LSE 
Beware of socialists pitching new paradigms. Maybe the Economist hasn't
succumbed to the "Cool Brittania" backwash as much as I thought it did --
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research 'Bagehot', "The third way revealed", _The Economist_.  Sept 19, 1998.
"SOMETIMES you want to read a book a second time. You know, just to
make sure that there was nothing important you missed first time around.
In the end, though, Bagehot decided to skip the second reading of Anthony
Giddens's "The Third Way" ..  For the time being, first impressions
must stand. This book is awesomely, magisterially and in some ways
disturbingly vacuous.
Why disturbing? There are many bad books in the world. But the third way
is not just a parlour game for intellectuals puzzling over the content
of politics now that both socialism and "unbridled" capitalism are in
It has become the quasi-official political philosophy of Britain's governing
party, and is taken seriously enough to form the backdrop for a curious
political seminar that Bill and Hillary Clinton, Tony Blair and Romano
Prodi, the prime minister of Italy, plan to conduct in New York on September
23rd. Nor is "The Third Way" just any other book about what the third way
is. It is the first detailed account of it by the man who has become its
chief British prophet and interpreter. Even by the standards of the London
School of Economics, which provided a base for the likes of Friedrich Hayek,
the Webbs and Harold Laski, its present director exerts a powerful influence
on Downing Street. Of Mr Giddens (who, thanks to Mr Blair, shall be Lord
Giddens hereafter), as of no other living sociologist, it can be said that
what he thinks matters.
So what does he think? A large part of"The Third Way" consists of a
of where things stand after the death of socialism. Mr Giddens homes in
on "five dilemmas". In merciful summary, these are (i) that globalisation
is changing the meanings of nationhood, government and sovereignty. There
exists (2) a "new individualism" that is not necessarily selfish but which
means that social solidarity can no longer be imposed in a top-down way.
Although distinctions between left and right keep changing, the left cares
more about social justice and equality. However, (3), there is a category
of problems-such as global warming, devolution, the future of the European
Union-about which it is unhelpful to think in terms of left versus right.
(4) Some jobs (defence, lawmaking) can be done only by governments, even
though politicians are becoming less influential and pressure groups more
effective. And do not forget (5) that while environmental dangers can be
exaggerated it is highly dangerous to be sanguine about them, not least
because, as in the case of madcow disease, experts sometimes differ.
Hmm. At this point, the charitable reader may feel that although some of
these points may be obvious, and others arguable, Mr Giddens has at least
raised interesting questions. Moreover, they are original, in the narrow
sense that nobody else seems to have singled out these particular five
points and called them "dilemmas". The trouble with any argument constructed
at Mr Giddens's level of generalisation is that you begin to wonder whether
there might just as plausibly have been four dilemmas, or 14, or even whether
a different five could have been chosen just as easily  ..  But let
that pass. Philosophers describe the world. How does the prophet of
Britain's third way propose to change it?
Mr Giddens admits that what he is offering is merely an "outline". This
is a deceptive species of modesty given that what he claims to be outlining
is no less than "an integrated political programme covering each of the
major sectors of society." Here we learn amongst other things that
is undesirable but so is a "blanket endorsement" of free trade; that there
should be no rights without responsibilities; that the protection of children
is the most important bit of family policy; that society should be "inclusive"
but not "strongly egalitarian"; that constitutions should aim for openness
and transparency; that there may be a case for a world criminal court;
that there is a need to control excessive overshoots in financial markets
but that the nature of these controls is "problematic"; that . .
But, really, why bother to go on?  .. it would have been nice  for Britain's
pre-eminent sociologist and the director of the LSE to come up with at
least one new proposal capable of ruffling at least someone's feathers.
Remember "The Road to Serfdom", Hayek's brave, hugely unfashionable
warning against planning made in the midst of a war that seemed to
have made planners indispensable?  By contrast, Mr Giddens's
integrated political programme boils down to a list of conventional appeals
to civic virtue, in which every bet is hedged and everyhard choice ducked.
It is just the sort of stuffthat could find its way risklessly into the
manifesto of any social democratic party interested in tarting up its image.
Which is presumably why he wrote it. Mr Giddens wants to restore the LSE
to a position of power and influence. How pleasing it must have been to
find in Tony Blair a clever, instinctive politician in the market for some
sort of ideology in which to dress up his opportunism. And how intellectually
disarming. Was it fear of setting out any positions that New Labour could
one day find embarrassing that made Mr Giddens write such a bad book? Whatever
the reason, the third way remains as mystifying as ever. Herbert Morrison-the
grandfather of Peter Mandelson, Mr Blair's cabinet colleague-once wickedly
defined socialism as what the Labour Party did. On the evidence of this
slight work, the third way is whatever New Labour does."
Anonymous, "Bagehot:  The third way revealed".  _The Economist_
Sept. 19, 1998  Vol: 348, Issue: 8086.  pp. 72-73.
Current Literature is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-18 01:53:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Jon Postel 
Reply-To: wb8foz
Originator: com-priv
Sender: com-priv
Precedence: bulk
died last night....
You might want to read Vin Cerf's thoughts on David Farber's
Interesting people list......
A host is a host from coast to coast.................wb8foz
& no one will talk to a host that's close........[v].(301) 56-LINUX
Unless the host (that isn't close).........................pob 1433
is busy, hung or dead....................................20915-1433
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-18 02:30:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Now *this* is funny... 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Washington Post
Fake Message Sends AOL E-Mail Astray
By Leslie Walker
Washington Post Staff Writer
Friday, October 16, 1998
A fake e-mail sent to the keeper of the Internet's global address book
yesterday erased America Online Inc.'s spot on the global computer
network, causing thousands of incoming e-mails to go to the wrong place
and preventing many people from visiting AOL's World Wide Web site.
AOL officials said all the misdirected e-mail should show up eventually in
the correct mailboxes. But the incident highlighted a security issue
involving how the central addresses known as domains are administered
on the Internet.
The incident began before 5 a.m. when someone impersonating an AOL
official sent e-mail to InterNIC, the Herndon organization that maintains
the domain name registry for the Internet, InterNIC spokesman
Christopher Clough said. The message requested the electronic address of
AOL's domain be changed.
Because AOL had chosen the lowest of three security levels possible for
making such a change, it was made automatically, with no review by any
person at Network Solutions Inc., the company that runs InterNIC,
Clough said.
The new address assigned was that of Autonet.net, an Internet service
provider. Mail meant for AOL automatically was diverted to Autonet,
overwhelming computers at the service.
In AOL's network monitoring center in Dulles, people monitoring traffic
volumes noticed a drop in the volume of e-mail coming in from the
Internet. They began investigating and found the change, AOL
spokeswoman Ann Brackbill said.
AOL rented a computer to lend to Autonet.net yesterday to reroute the
e-mail back to AOL while company officials simultaneously working with
InterNIC to correct AOL's address, Brackbill said.
AOL's actual Internet domain - AOL.com - was not changed, but the
directions the Internet uses in sending Web surfers there were changed
because of the fraudulent e-mail, so they couldn't get to the site. Instead,
error messages appeared on their screens.
"It's like if the phone book published the wrong address for AAA, and
you went there to get a map," Brackbill said. "You wouldn't be able to get
Clough said the e-mail came as a form message that was accepted
automatically because it appeared to come from the correct person and
address at AOL.com that was authorized to change AOL's InterNIC
records. Computer buffs call an incident of this kind "a spoof" - an
impersonation of someone by e-mail.
By 4:30 p.m., AOL's address had been corrected in the main Internet
address book, but it often takes hours for changes to travel throughout the
global network, Clough said.
AOL officials estimated that 12 percent to 15 percent of its e-mail was
affected Only about half of AOL's e-mail traffic comes from the Internet;
the other half is internal. In addition, 10 percent to 20 percent of the
people trying to access its Web site received error messages.
AOL officials asked InterNIC yesterday to change the security level for its
domain name records. The two higher levels available - and apparently
used by most commercial Internet operations - involve either a password
or encryption in the request for a change to the address.
Brackbill couldn't explain why AOL chose the lowest security level,
except to note that the record was created "a long time ago."
"We've never had a problem before with this and our goal is to make sure
we don't have it again," she said. AOL is cooperating with law
enforcement officials to identify the culprit.
 (c) Copyright The Washington Post Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-19 10:17:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Tracking: Plastic Passports w/Biometric Confirmation of ID 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  London Telegraph
Credit card plastic passport to be issued within two years
 By David Bamber, Home Affairs Correspondent
 A NEW credit card size passport which can be inserted in a computer
scanner on arrival in another country will be issued to British travellers
within two years.
 Trials are expected to begin soon of the system which allows passengers to
bypass traditional immigration officials. When entering a country
travellers would insert their plastic passport in a card reader and hold
their hands to a screen to check palm prints. Both would be linked to a
database containing travellers' details. The process would take 15 seconds
and make lengthy airport queues a thing of the past. A prototype card with
a digital photograph of the holder has already been developed.
 Passport Agency officials have been in discussions with the computer giant
IBM about their Fastgate card system which has already been installed in
Bermuda, a British colony. A passport agency official said: "It looks like
a credit card and it can be swiped through Customs and allow people to
enter a country without having their traditional passport examined by an
official." He said that the new prototype had a digital hologram photograph
of the holder and other special security devices which made forging them
 Last night a Home Office official confirmed that the credit card-style
passport is being developed. He said: "We have become involved in the early
stages of exploring the IBM Fastgate system." The official said that no
date has yet been set to issue the cards to the public or to start trials
at an airport in the Britain.
 But Home Office sources have revealed that a trial of the system is likely
to be carried out by installing it at a Government building so that tests
can be carried out to see if the security system can be breached.
 John Tincey, technology officer of the Immigration Service Union which
represents 2,000 staff who check passports in Britain, said his members had
been aware for some time of discussions about a computerised credit card
style system. He has compiled a report for his union which was submitted to
the Home Office.
 In it, he concluded: "The new technology will save on running costs,
reduce staff numbers and increase profits. Even the Home Office will be
unable to resist the financial advantages of the new technology."
 He added that because so many other countries will introduce credit card
style systems, Britain would either lose business because of retaining
lengthy checks on travellers, or alternatively loosen controls by
selectively abandoning checks to minimise delays. Last night he also warned
of possible job losses and the danger that the cards could be open to
counterfeiting or abuse.
 At Bermuda International Airport, the Fastgate cards were introduced in
May. Travellers use a touch screen to answer a few simple questions. The
computer checks the data against information held on computers and also
makes sure there are no arrest warrants out or requests to intercept the
traveller. Usually the process takes just 15 seconds.
 Ken Thornton, of IBM, said: "Governments improve security and service.
Airports improve competitiveness. And airlines and card issuers improve
customers service." There is even the prospect of electronic visas being
issued in the future, either as separate credit card style documents or
logged on a computer.
 Even when the credit card style passports are introduced, the traditional
paper passports will still be issued for some time because many countries
will take years to install the necessary technology.
(c) Copyright of Telegraph Group Limited 1998.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-19 11:21:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: [FP] All IRS appeals are exhausted, SSNs required for children 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Department of the Treasury
Internal Revenue Service
In reply refer to: ............
AUSTIN, TX 73301 Aug. 25, 1998 LTR 105C
[name removed]
CERTIFIED MAIL
Taxpayer Identification Number: 666......
Kind of Tax: INCOME
Amount of Claim(s): $ 1,148.00
Date Claim(s) Received: Aug. 03, 1998
Tax Period(s): Dec. 31, 1996
Dear Taxpayer:
This letter is your legal notice that we have disallowed your
claim(s). We can't allow your claim(s) for refund or credit for the
period(s) shown above for the reason(s) listed below.
PER SECTION 151(e) STATES THAT EACH DEPENDENT MUST HAVE A
INDENTIFICATION NUMBER IF THEY ARE BEING CLAIMED AS A DEPENDENT ON THE
TAX RETURN. SECTION 152(e) HAS BEEN CORRECTLY APPLIED
If you want to sue to recover tax, penalties, or other amounts, you
may file a lawsuit with the United States District Court having
jurisdiction or with the United States Court of Federal Claims.
These courts are independent bodies and have no connection with the
Internal Revenue Service.
The law permits you to do this within 2 years from the mailing date
of this letter. If you decide to appeal our decision first, the
2-year period still begins from the mailing date of this letter.
However, if you signed an agreement that waived your right to the
notice of disallowance (Form 2297), the period for filing a lawsuit
began on the date you filed the waiver.
If you have any questions, please call us. You may call
............ between the hours of 8:00 A.M. and
5:00 P.M. at ............ for assistance. If the number is
outside your local calling area, there will be a long-distance
charge to you. If you prefer, you may call the IRS telephone
number listed in your local directory or (1-800-829-1040). An
employee there may be able to help you, but the office at the
address shown on this letter is most familiar with your case.
If you prefer, you may write to us at the address shown at the top
of the first page of this letter.
Whenever you write, please include this letter and, in the spaces
below, give us your telephone number with the hours we can reach you.
Also, you may want to keep a copy of this letter for your records.
Telephone Number (   )______________________ Hours_____________
Sincerely yours,
District Director
Publication 1
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-10-20 01:58:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: dbts: The Economic Cause of Privacy 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
At 7:45 AM -0400 on 10/19/98, Anonymous forwarded this to the dbs list:
It's just another financial privacy rant, though a relatively decent one. It's
from J. Orlin Grabbe, who was BTW. When I met him at S&PBank's party
at Cap Julaca, he seemed like a nice, though fairly intense, guy. Financial
privacy *makes* you intense, I suppose.
Nonetheless, like all financial privacy rants, Orlin's reverses cause and
effect, but it's not really his fault.
Remember, the reason we have no financial privacy these days is because we
have book-entry settlement, which relies on biometric identity, known physical
location, and the force of a nation state as the ultimate "error-handler" to
prevent repudiation in the transaction protocol.
The reason we have book-entry settlement itself is because it is several
orders of magnitude cheaper than physical delivery of paper bearer
The *only* way to have financial privacy in a book-entry world is to engage in
the financial equivalent of steganography, which, no matter how financially
and legally facile -- even elegant -- it is, at the margin it costs more to
hide money than not to. It will always cost more in a book-entry economy, and
for structural reasons.
Worse, most of these accounting and legal gyrations are just plain old
security by obscurity, something most crypto-clueful people learn, fairly
early on, to treat with the utmost scorn and derision.
If my hypothesis is right, and digital bearer settlement is significantly
cheaper than book-entry settlement, say three orders of magnitude cheaper,
then financial privacy will be the default state of affairs sooner or later.
It will actually cost *more* to keep transaction records and the physical
location of economic actors than not to. No amount of physical force, much
less law, accounting, or "policy", will change that physical, economic, fact.
A fact which every economic actor, from the smallest proprietor to the largest
nation state, will end up ignoring at their peril.
The reason digital bearer settlement will be faster, and thus cheaper, is
because the cryptographic protocol breaks before the transaction can. Unlike a
book entry protocol, where you can execute a trade and then renege on it
later, causing bounced checks, charge-backs, broken trades, DKs and the like,
software using a digital bearer protocol can execute *only* if both parties
cannot renege on the transaction in the first place.
One of the best guarantors of that inability to renege is, paradoxically,
cryptographically certain anonymity. Immediate and final clearing and
settlement means that you tend not to care who you've done business with in
the first place, but cryptographic anonymity not only makes the transaction
stronger and safer, it is the very enabling technology of the process, the
thing which makes digital bearer transaction settlement the fastest, and,
systemically, the cheapest transaction technology to use.
Again, it's just like air travel. You can go very fast on land, much faster
than it takes to fly even without wings, as sound-barrier-breaking speed
records show us. But, the physical, economic fact is, people can travel the
fastest and cheapest over the longest distances when they fly, so that's what
they do. They don't fly just because the view's nicer, or, as I've joked
before, "to slip the surly bounds of earth".
And, most important, this economic reality, that economics ultimately
determines a technology's use, is true no matter what the intent is of any
airplane -- or bearer protocol -- designer.
The cost of anything is the foregone alternative. One of costs of book-entry
settlement is privacy, surely, but in a world of strong financial cryptography
and ubiquitous geodesic networks, the primary cost of book-entry settlement is
wasted time and computing resources. Costs which will eventually force the
adoption of digital bearer transaction settlement, giving us ubiquitous
financial privacy -- and freedom -- as a result.
Effects of our technology, in other words. Not its cause.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-20 09:19:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Dorkslayers.. 
X-Lotus-FromDomain: MTS
Sender: owner-coderpunks
Precedence: bulk
You'll notice that toad.com is on the dorkslayers list, (under ip
It'd advisable to find a way to remove it..
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-20 23:58:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Dust off your anonymous voting protocols... 
Now all we need is a modern-day Robbespierre?
I love the smell of mob rule in the morning?
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: massmail
          WILL DIRECT DEMOCRACY PRE-EMPT SOME OF CONGRESS'S POWER?
                 Questions Remain about Implementation
ActivMedia Research ( - Two of three Internet
afficionados think online elections are a good idea (66% to 33%). The same
proportion would like to be able to vote on ballot referenda and exercise
direct democracy via the 'Net (67%).
"Obviously, the technical ability to move toward direct democracy must be
accompanied by debate about its merits and what is an appropriate level of
technocratic and professional decision-making on our behalf," notes
ActivMedia's Director of Information Services Chris Anne Wheeler. "Some
laws are best implemented by professionals for the public good such as
environmental protection, national defense, and public welfare. But
virtually all online consumers polled in ActivMedia's FutureScapes agree
that a sunshine policy making legislative bills, voting records, and
budgets available online for public inspection would be a good idea (97%)."
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-22 12:14:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: The latest news from Toto 
Walk softly and carry a big printing press, Declan. God speed.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-23 10:06:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Censored news topic censored ... 
Socialists will never bite the hand that steals them their money. You can't
tax what you can't repress, after all.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-23 10:48:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CDA II and Tax Issues 
X-Sender: johnmuller
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Some questions for the eminent Constitutional litigators on this list:  As
noted in the Freedom Forum article posted by David Burt, the newly-adopted
Internet Tax Freedom Act contains a provision which makes
harmful-to-minor-ographers ineligible for the moratorium on Internet taxes.
Specifically, any person or entity that knowingly makes a communication for
commercial purposes by means of the Web which includes material harmful to
minors does not get the benefits of the moratorium, unless the person or
entity has restricted access to the material in specified ways.  (BTW, the
Web is defined to include FTP and "other similar protocols").  See
 (1 MB+ download).
Is it possible to challenge the Constitutionality of this provision even
before any state has rushed to tax on-line peddlers of harmful-to-minor
materials?  If so, why aren't the ACLU/EFF/EPIC challenging this bill?  Is
the Constitutional challenge significantly harder to maintain than CDA II?
After all, it's singling out a particular type of speech, and as they say
the power to tax is the power to destroy, even if uncertainty about being
taxed is not likely to chill speech as much as uncertainty about going to
John Muller
"Things are not as they seem, neither are they otherwise"
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-23 11:11:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Gilmore Subpoena 
Boy, did *they* pick the wrong guy...
I haven't had this much fun since the hogs ate my little brother...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 00:31:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: dbts: Dunkin Donuts, The Mysticism of Identity, Venture Capital,and Talking Frogs 
At 12:18 AM -0400 on 10/23/98, Vin McLellan, speaking for legions of
Memory is a terrible thing to waste. It was midnight. The newspaper was in
the trash in a Dunkin Donuts in Malden somewhere. So? Shoot me? :-).
Close enough for an internet rant, I figure. If I though I needed a fact
checker, I should go write a column for the Globe, right?
Frankly, besides the Globe's greater-fool valuation of Verisign, which I
seem to have left in that wastebasket in Malden where it belongs, I can
hardly tell, in any gross sense, the difference between what I said about
SDTI/RSADSI/Verisign from memory and the extended quote Vin blessed us
with, which I have gratefully snipped here for brevity.
Again, I didn't say that SDTI wasn't making money, or even that it didn't
have a significant amount of cash on hand relative to its book value.
Which, because I'm not looking at their annual report, I don't know for a
fact, so don't, um, quote me; I only know what I remember from the papers.
If in fact SDTI did have a large cash hoard, it would make it a buy even in
Ben Graham's book. Which I said, if you remember. Okay. I inferred it.
Maybe. :-).
My point was, even in these days of sky high multiples, the market is
deeply discounting SDTI to the "consensus" estimate of its future cash
flow. Given SDTI's patent standing, and the extreme amount of substitutive
competition for the patents it does control in the long term, the
"consensus" opinion seems fair to me, including valuing the company, yes,
it *was* two weeks ago, lower than the "value" of it's Verisign investment
Marvellous. Glad to give you the exercise. I had fun writing it. Nice to
know you had fun chasing my shots all over the court like that. Should I
spot you a few more points next time, just to make it more interesting?
Thank you. I think.
Look, folks, "strong authentication" is not the problem. It's biometric
*identity* which is the problem. Cryptography gives us the ability to do
away with "identity"-based key-mapping altogether. A key is a permission to
do something specific with a microprocessor, no more, or less. It doesn't
"mean" anything else. Certainly, if you go back and look at the actual,
legal, definitions of "signature", or "certificate", they don't mean what
people like Verisign (or say, the State of Utah) says their authentication
technology does.
No offense to the august people who coined those appelations, including
Whit Diffie, et. al., but the words "signature", or "certificate" just
don't cut it, because they cause more confusion than they may be worth.
(Just like "digital bearer settlement"? ...Naww... :-))
Anyway, control of a given cryptographic key is completely orthogonal to
the idea of identity. You can map an identity to it, but you don't have to,
because possession of the key is "permission", "authority", enough, all by
itself. *Who* you give permission to, by name, fingerprint, or physical
address, doesn't matter. And, possession of that key is *only* a function
of cryptography and networks, and not law or biology.
And, so, the *only* time you need a biometrically-identified key is when
you're doing a book-entry transaction, which has been my point in this
whole discussion. You can't send someone to jail for making the wrong
book-entry unless you know who they are, of course. Fortunately, that will
change someday, and probably sooner than most people in the transaction
settlement business realize.
Frankly, the only people who need to know someone's physical identity, or
care about it, are the people who put money at risk in the first place, and
only until the transacted money in question is in their firm control. The
shorter a transaction's latency, the less you care who you're doing
business with. Ultimately, if you're doing an instantaneous digital bearer
transaction, you don't care at all, because it's underwriter validates the
authenticity of the certificate (real use of the word) at the time of the
transaction, and not the person who's giving them to you. Even your trust
of the underwriter is driven by the reputation of the underwriter's *key*
and not your knowlege of where the underwriter lives, right? I mean, you
can trash the reputation of the underwriter just by presenting
cryptographic proof of of the underwriter's fraud, making the underwriter
lose more, on a net present value basis, than what he would gain from the
value of the transaction in question, or even the pool of money in his
reserve account.
Besides, ultimately, creating hierarchies of "certificates" of those
key-to-person maps, ala Verisign/X.BlaBla, is not only a waste of time
economically, it's downright logically impossible. You run right into
Russell's paradox and Goedel's result, for one thing. At the very least,
you remove all the flexibility which makes the technology useful in the
first place.
So, yes, it's just like putting a giant hydrogen bag on a biplane in a
misguided effort to make it fly better  (to beat my metaphor like a dead
horse). :-). Even Verisign, or Entrust, and certainly not Thawte, don't
claim to sell certification hierarchies anymore. Probably because they ran
smack-dab into a bunch of consistance/completeness paradoxes in trying to
doing so.
The only economical solution, is, of course, short-span *local* trust
networks, where self reference is not a problem because the network makes
no pretensions at completeness. Where a buyer trusts the seller's
reputation to his own satisfaction because people *he* trusts say so, and,
more important, the known public reputation of the seller is a good one.
Certainly not that stranglehold on everyone's internet identity which is at
the heart of whatever valuation the "consensus" currently wants to put on
companies like Verisign.
By the way, an economical solution to the problem, where the seller doesn't
have to trust the buyer at all is, of course, digital bearer settlement.
Anyway, this mystification of identity, particularly on an internet where
it will prove economically foolish to do so, is what I have against the
whole X.BlaBla, Grand Unified Human Namespace Hierarchy folks. They're
chasing unicorns through the mists of Avalon, in my opinion.
In the end, the only relations established by keys to other keys on the net
will be *economic* ones, and I guarantee that the structure of *those*
relationships, once mapped, will *not* be hierarical, and only unified on a
relational basis, in the same way that free economies now function. Nor
will the primary purpose of those keys be to find whatever physical person
is controlling a given key at any point in its (probably short) lifetime.
Well, I suppose if I can play fast and loose with the contents of the
august Boston Globe in the middle of the night, you're welcome to
mischaracterize me in the same fashion, but I hope I'm forgiven if I try to
patch it up here, just a little bit.
I think that venture capital spends most of its time thinking about how to
establish industrial-era monopolies on intellectual property in a world
where, eventually, it is only wetware -- skill, if you will -- that will
matter. Software, hardware, and resources will ultimately be dependant
activities and will decrease in relative value over time.
Software will be utterly replicable and will be sold recursively, and
untraceably, on a bearer basis, primarily because that's the cheapest way
to safely trade money for information on a ubiquitous geodesic public
network. Given that the price of information is rediculuously time-driven,
the price-structure software markets will be such that not only will the
only people who make the most money be people who actually *write* software
and not hire it done, and that software will be sold in smaller and smaller
bits because the transaction costs will be so low (hey, don't believe me,
believe Ronald Coase :-)), but, finally, the only way to make *new* money
is to create new software which sells. So, no software monopoly opportunity
there, because, you need wetware to make software, and, in a world of
totally anonymous, and cash transacted, free agency, fun legalistic
attempts at physical control, like non-disclosures and non-competes, not to
mention copyright and patent, will eventually be laughably un-useful.
Eventually, hardware itself will be "made" using software, and the machines
which fabricate hardware itself will themselves be dependant on software
for their own construction. The price of manufacturing falls as a result,
becomes geographically hyperdistributed, and, of course, nobody can control
the production of software, see above. So, no permanent hardware monopoly
Resources are, even now, discovered, grown or extracted using the best
possible information, and in the long run, the best possible software. The
ownership of land, therefore, will be *economically* determined by who has
the best information or software to use it with. Notice that even with a
finite supply of land, the value of a given piece of land's output, in real
prices, has consistently fallen over history, because the value of the
information used to generate that output falls over time as well, and the
productivity gains from the use of that information are relatively
permanent and cumulative. So, no permanent resource monopoly opportunities
in resources, either. Ask your average aristocrat, or even a farmer, if you
don't believe me. :-).
So, yes, I'll let people quibble about how long "eventually" means, or even
what their definition of "is" is :-), and, in that rather large economic
lacuna, you could drive several late-industrial fortunes through, and we
may or may not need venture capitalists to exploit on those market
inefficiencies, right now, today.
Nonetheless, we converge to a world where venture capital is a waste of
time, and, I think that businesses like Yahoo, and several other internet
ventures whose revenues are not under water, are proving that. For most
first-mover internet companies, the continued interest of venture
capitalists in your company may be, like cocaine, god's paradoxical way of
telling you you're making a lot of money.
The quest for economic rents is at the heart of any economy, certainly, but
I think that, sooner or later, venture capitalists will simply be in the
way between producers and the retained earning their customers are too only
happy give them. Any requirement for equity itself will probably be
underwritten directly to the public someday, and, if you want to call the
intermediaries who underwrite that, what, micro-equity(?), "venture
capitalists", you'll get a lot of argument from the people who already do
equity underwriting today, the investment bankers.
So, you're right, Vin. I *am* blaming venture capitalists for eventually
not being able to think fast enough to keep up, and that, someday, most
underwriting of equity itself will be an extremely automated process. Hell,
most investment bankers themselves will tell you that underwriting is so
mechanical these days that the only real money's in mergers and
acquisitions, anyway.
Thank you. Insult me any way you want, as long as you spell my name right,
I guess. Dismissing me personally as an iconoclast doesn't dismiss what
I've said, certainly.
In the meantime, it's nice to know that I can say something about a public
company in passing on a few email lists and drive so many of its
shareholders, employees, and retainers to such vigorous distraction. My
phone was ringing off the hook yesterday, which was, certainly, a lot of
In the meantime, Vin, hang on to your SDTI stock, but probably just for
it's residual value to some future investor, like SDTI evidently bought
RSADSI for its own residual value, and, aparently, for whatever mystical
value the market now puts on Verisign.
It's just a shame that RSADSI didn't just license all that cool crypto to
the developers outright and make a whole lot more money, rather than
playing dog in the manger with it for so long, up to, and probably
including, calling the down export control Feds on a hapless kitchen-table
crypto developer named Zimmermann.
So, right now, after all that, um, exercise, SDTI/RSADSI/Verisign reminds
me an awful lot of that old joke about the two old Texas spinsters who,
walking down a dusty road, came across a talking frog claiming to turn into
an oil baron, if only one of them would kiss him to prove it.
"A talking frog", said one of them, putting the frog in her apron pocket,
"is worth something."
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 00:39:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: dog stocks 
Don't shoot me, shoot the remailer operator. :-).
*I* couldn't have said the following...
Now, where *is* that Walter Winchell hat?
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Comments: This message did not originate from the Sender address above.
Status: U
of course this information should be laundered.... Remember Mr. McLellan is
an SDTI partisan.
SDTI *is* a dog stock.  It has problems.
(1) SecureID is decade-old technology.  They are ripe for competitors to
steal the business away from them, because of their business model.
They've yet to come up with any second trick for that pony.
(2) RSADSI is an anchor on the company.  RSADSI revenues have been flat for
six quarters; the most profitable thing they do is their little January
conference -- except for owning part of Verisign.  Sept. 30 2000 is fast
approaching and they have no plan on how they will compete once they no
longer have a patent to club people with.  The most profitable thing SDTI
could do would be to fire everyone in RSADSI, and use the monsy that would
be spent on their salaries to invest heavily in smart cards.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 00:25:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Teleportation Study: Beam Me Up Scotty... 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  CNN
Spooky teleportation study brings future closer
October 22, 1998
Web posted at: 4:50 PM EDT
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - They may not be able to ask Scotty to beam them up
yet, but California researchers
said Thursday they had completed the first "full" teleportation experiment.
They said they had teleported a beam of light across a laboratory bench.
They did not physically transport the
beam itself, but transmitted its properties to another beam, creating a
replica of the first beam.
"We claim this is the first bona fide teleportation," Jeff Kimble, a
physics professor at the California Institute of Technology, said in a
telephone interview.
Kimble thinks the experiment can eventually transform everyday life.
Scientists hope that quantum computers, which move information about in
this way rather than by using wires and silicon chips, will be infinitely
faster and more powerful than present-day computers.
"I believe that quantum information is going to be really important for our
society, not in five years or 10 years, but if we look into the 100-year
time frame it's hard to imagine that advanced societies don't use quantum
information," Kimble said.
"The appetite of society is so voracious for the moving and processing of
information that it will be driven to exploit even the crazy realm of
quantum physics."
Quantum teleportation allows information to be transmitted at the speed of
light -- the fastest speed possible -- without being slowed down by wires
or cables.
The experiment depends on a property known as entanglement -- what Albert
Einstein once described as "spooky action at a distance."
It is a property of atomic particles that mystifies even physicists.
Sometimes two particles that are a very long distance apart are nonetheless
somehow twinned, with the properties of one affecting the other.
"Entanglement means if you tickle one the other one laughs," Kimble said.
In the weird world of quantum physics, where the normal ideas of what is
solid or what is real do not apply, scientists can use these properties to
their advantage.
What Kimble's team did was create two entangled light beams -- streams of
photons. Photons, the basic unit of light, sometimes act like particles and
sometimes like waves.
They used these two entangled beams to carry information about the quantum
state of a third beam. The first two beams were destroyed in the process,
but the third successfully transmitted its properties over a distance of
about a yard , Kimble's team reported in the journal Science.
Last December a team of physicists in Innsbruck, Austria and a month later
another team in Rome said they did a similar thing, with single photons.
But Kimble said his team was able to verify what they had done, and also
used full light beams as opposed to single photons.
"Ours is an important advance beyond that," he said.
Although the Caltech team worked with light, Kimble thinks teleportation
could be applied to solid objects. For instance, the quantum state of a
photon could be teleported and applied to a particle, even to an atom.
"Way beyond sex change operations and genetic engineering, the quantum
state of one entity could be transported to another entity," Kimble said.
"We think we know how to do that."
In other words, an object's individual atoms would not be transported, but
transmitting its properties could create a perfect replica.
Could this mean the transporters of the television and movie
science-fiction series Star Trek, which beam people and objects for huge
distances, could one day be a reality?
"I don't think anybody knows the answer," Kimble said. "Let's don't
teleport a person -- let's teleport the smallest bacterium. How much
entanglement would we need to teleport such a thing?"
Would such a teleported bacterium actually be the same bacterium, or just a
very good copy?
"Again, no one knows for sure," Kimble said. But his team is working on it.
Copyright 1998 Reuters Limited. All rights reserved.
 (c) 1998 Cable News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 01:05:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The Dirigible Biplane, and  Sendingthe  Wizards Back to Menlo Park 
No accounting for taste, or the lack thereof, for that matter.
What? "Too many notes", Signore Solieri? :-).
Don't worry, Tim, you know it all already. Everything I ever learned on
this stuff, I learned from you, anyway.
Execpt the finance, of course. :-).
You know where the 'd' key is, and I bet you even know how to use your
killfile, if you tried.
Right back atcha Tim. And don't forget to shoot back at the Feds when they
fly the black helicopters over your house. Otherwise, they might not even
know you're there, hmmm?
Oh, well. You can't always pick your friends. Or your friend's nose, for
that matter. Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 01:09:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: bank cosortium to form CA 
I seem to have gotten myself dropped from the list, but luckily a
friend forwarded (part of?) Steve's posting and Ben's (snarky :)
followup.  Let me try to give some details.  The WSJ had a one-day
exclusive, and their coverage was (from our perspective ;) not the
best.  You can find some other (free) coverage at and  (sorry I don't have all the URL's convenient).
Here's some details.  I am not an official CertCo spokesman.
Official press contacts can get contact info and collatoral from
  The following comes from our press release,
supporting Q&A, etc.
We're creating a new company (name being chosen; I'll call it GTO
for global trust organization -- the PR says enterprise, but GTE
is already in use :).  The GTO is aiming for online *business-to-business*
commerce.  The B2B point is key:  we're in the high-value commercial
transaction area.  Don't think buying some books from amazon.com,
think of Texas buying all their textbooks.
The GTO will be running a root CA and a "repository" where the CA
will publish its certs and CRL's.  The root will use CertCo's
RootAuthority.  Our Multi-Step signing can take a private key and
split it into a set of keyps called fragments.  We then destroy
the original key.  When enough fragments sign something (quorum
determined at the time the fragments are generated, and are usually
like "5 of 7"), those signatures can be combined (mathematically)
and the result looks like it was signed by the initial key.  So we
can take a key, spread its fragments around the world, and have a
very secure root.  That's step one.
Step two is the root CA will certify CA's for member banks.  These
are big global banks each having billions in assets.  (The initial
eight banks are ABN Amro, Bank of America, Bankers Trust, Barclays
Bank, Chase Manhattan, Citibank, Deutsche Bank, and Hypo Vereinsbank.
Others have expressed interest in joining.)  These banks will issue
certs -- 1K keys initially, on smartcards -- to personnel at their
corporate customers.  The rules by which these banks issue these
cards, how the companies and employees treat the cards, notify
banks in case of turnover or compromise, etc., are all part of
joining.  We call these the "system rules."  It's way more than a
CPS (certification practice statement); it is a common contractual
arrangement that the banks and their customers will all be issuing
and handling and processing certs/cards in the same way.  That's
step two.
This step is perhaps the most important.  If someone at Tire Supplier
receives a signed email message from someone at Car Maker, and they
can see that CM's cert is within the GTO PKI, then they can trust
it as much as they trust their own certs.
Step three is online verification.  TS can present the CM's cert
to their bank and get verification that the cert is valid.  TS's
bank can trust CM's bank because of the common adherance to the
rules.  One of the rules for joining is that you treat peer banks
with as much trust as you trust yourself, provided they can be
shown to be following the rules.  Or perhaps shown to not be breaking
the rules. :)
The GTO believes businesses will trust these decisions to their
banks; that they'll pay the banks to manage the risk of trusting
the identities to which the certs attest.  (Hence, the for-profit
intent :)
Step four.  Now, suppose CarMaker sends a "request to buy US$1M
worth of tires" to TireSupplier.  TS can send CM's cert, a hash of
the message, and a request for "assurance" to his (TS's) bank.  TS
can decide that their exposure, should CM prove to not be who the
certificate claim, is US$100K.  So TS asks his bank for $100K assurance,
for a period of 30 days.  If it turns out that, say someone stole
CM's cert, or CM left the company and is now working somewhere else
buy using old credentials, or CM's bank didn't issue the CRL in a
timely manner, etc., TS's bank will pay TS the US$100K.  The system
rules include procedures for due diligence, arbitration, and (last
resort) legal recourse should TS need to "file a claim" on their
Or, to put it in terms of the PR materials, business partners can
get warranties on the identity of their trading partners online,
over the Internet, as a new service from their bank.
Step five is to extend the hierarchy down so that the big banks
can "charter" or "sponsor" smaller banks.  The L1 might be a service
bureau for the L2's, an L2 might have its own CA, etc...
It is the GTO's plan to publish our certificate profiles (derived
from PKIX), directory schemas, system rules, network protocols,
smartcard requirements, etc.  It will be an open system
I can't talk about schedules, other than to say it's very aggressive. :)
If you're in the Boston area, Dan Geer will be giving a talk on
this at the November meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of
Boston, For more info, send "info dcsb" in the body of a message
to  . If you want to subscribe to
the DCSB e-mail list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a message
to  .
Hope this helps.  I'll be out of the office Friday, but will try to answer
any questions I can next week.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 01:51:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Practical Free-Space Quantum Key Distribution over 1 km 
Organization: Qualcomm, Inc.
X-url: X-PGP-Key: Sender: owner-cryptography
W.T. BUTTLER et al: Practical Free-Space Quantum Key Distribution over 1 km
Physical Review Letters, vol 81, no 15, pp 3051-3301 (1998).
A working free-space quantum key distribution system has been developed and
tested over an outdoor optical path of ~ 1 km at Los Alamos National
Laboratory under nighttime conditions.  Results show that free-space quantum
key distribution can provide secure real-time key distribution between
parties who have a need to communicate secretly.  Finally, we examine the
feasibility of surface to satellite quantum key distribution.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 04:24:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Human Action Gone 
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Precedence: bulk
Sender: miseslist-owner
Status: U
Thanks to an overwhelming response, our stock of other Human Action editions
is now gone.
The Scholar's Edition will be available November 23, 1998.
This is a re-release of the original, unaltered 1949 treatise that shaped a
generation of Austrians and made possible the intellectual movement that is
leading the global charge for free markets.
Made available for the first time in decades, exclusively through the Ludwig
von Mises Institute, this edition uses extraordinary materials and the best
of modern technology, combined with ancient standards of craftsmanship in
the tradition of Oxford University's Clarendon Press. This magnificent work
is produced for the ages.
 Carefully set in the classic, readable, and beautiful Jansen typeface,
including the 1954, 30-page index prepared under Mises's supervision, the
most extensive ever compiled;
 Printed on stunning pure white, acid-free Finch Fine 50 lb. paper;
 Covered in spectacular dark azure Odyssey cloth from the Netherlands, the
finest natural-finish, moisture-resistant book fabric in the world;
 Protected by a strong slipcase from the famous Old Dominion company,
covered in matching Odyssey cloth and featuring old-fashioned thumb-cuts for
easy handling;
 Secured by the finest caliper Binders Board;
 Graced with antique-stone endpapers from Ecologic Fibers;
 Casebound with the strongest Smyth-sewn signatures;
 Fitted at head and foot with silken endbands, thick wrapped for
 Complimented with a double-faced satin ribbon place marker, and portrait
of Mises;
 Stamped with brilliant, real non-tarnishing gold foil from Japan's Nakai
 Produced at R.R. Donnelly's famed Crawfordsville Bindery, where America's
finest books are assembled.
All told, The Scholar's Edition looks exactly like the classic work it is,
ready for a lifetime (or two) of use. The introduction, by Hans-Hermann
Hoppe, Jeffrey Herbener, and Joseph Salerno-based on newly discovered
archives-tells of the tragic and glorious history of this seminal work, and
of its bright future as the manifesto of liberty.
Human Action: The Scholar's Edition is the foundation of every library of
freedom. You will want a treasured copy in your collection. And if you want
to send a copy as a gift to a friend or family member, we'll wrap it
appropriately at no charge, and enclose a card in your name.
The price for this nine-hundred-page masterpiece is $65. Your credit card
not be charge until the order is shipped. Call 800-636-4737, or order
securely through our on-line catalog at --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 06:03:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Data Encryption and the First Amendment: Pete duPont 
Hey *I* want some of the 4096 bit encryption!
Bob Hettinga
"My coun-try 'tis of thee, land of plu-to-cracy..."
Forbes/duPont 2000 ;-).
--- begin forwarded text
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Intellectual Capital
 Data Encryption and the First Amendment
 by Pete du Pont
 October 22, 1998
 The microprocessor and the Internet have created an
 information revolution that is sweeping the globe.
 This revolution is putting information once available
 only to the media, political and intellectual elite into
 the kitchens of ordinary people all across America
 and opening previously locked cabinets in
 government, industry and academe.
 In short, the information revolution is empowering
 people; it is giving them the tools and the information to make informed
 choices for themselves. People can more easily exchange information
 with one another -- buy, sell, discuss and decide among different
 options.
 Already, e-mail exceeds regular mail usage by 10-to-1. Forrester
 Research reports that $8 billion in goods and services were traded
 over the Internet in 1997; by 2002, 21 million homes will be doing
 online financial transactions worth $327 billion.
 Essential to this commercial and personal communication is security.
 We want to know that our information travels safely, without alteration
 or eavesdropping, and that there is neither information theft nor identity
 fraud. Which means that we must encrypt our data, so that only
 intended parties can access it.
 A glimpse into the future
 In the U.S. banking system, for example, just two of the largest
 fund-transfer systems transmit more than 300,000 electronic
 fund-transfer messages worth $2 trillion every day. For obvious
 security reasons, the Treasury Department already requires that all
 electronic fund transfers be encrypted.
 For those of us doing commerce at a somewhat smaller order, or
 simply e-mail or information transfers, security is equally compelling.
 One of the primary tasks of government is to protect the interests and
 property of citizens, and in the information and e-commerce age,
 enhancing the encryption of data to ensure its integrity should be one
 of our government's priorities.
 The good news is that encryption technology is galloping forward.
 What was state of the art a few years ago is now rearview-mirror
 encryption. Today, 56-bit encryption, with its 72 trillion combinations, is
 giving way to 128-bit encryption. A Canadian company called Jaws
 Technology has a new technology with 4,096-bit encryption. Cracking
 it, its creators say, would require the equivalent of hitting 1,000
 consecutive holes in one on the golf course from a 150-yard tee.
 The bad news is that our government is demanding limits on
 encryption technology and demanding access to all our encrypted
 messages -- financial, commercial and ordinary e-mail.
 The government's efforts began with the Clipper chip in 1993. The
 Clipper chip would have required encryption users to submit their
 encryption keys to a government database. It met with such a hail of
 objections from technical and civil liberties groups that it never came to
 pass, but the idea lives. The government currently is seeking both the
 funding of a huge new encryption technology center and the means to
 access any computer communication individuals might generate.
 The case against limits on encryption
 It seems to me that all of this is wrongheaded, that these demands for
 government access to our computer transmissions are based on three
 false assumptions.
The first is that government can legislate encryption standards. The
 truth is that encryption technology is moving too rapidly for statutory law
 to keep up. For example, the National Bureau of Standards at one
 point decided that the nation should have a single 56-bit key encryption
 algorithm, an idea almost immediately obsolete as technology went to
 128-bit algorithms and higher.
 Second is the idea that regulation can prevent criminals from acquiring
 unbreakable encryption. The analogy here is a familiar one: Does
 anyone believe that gun-control laws -- gun registration or prohibition of
 ownership, for example -- will keep guns out of the hands of criminals?
 Similarly, encryption-strength ceilings, key escrow or "trapdoors" in
 computer programs to allow government access will limit personal and
 business usage by citizens and slow criminals not at all. The
 international market is too accessible and its encryption offerings
 equally or more sophisticated than U.S. technology.
 Third is the idea that such regulations are cost-free to people using
 computer technology. Key escrow and trapdoor systems would make
 encryption for U.S. businesses and individuals less secure, more
 vulnerable and more easily broken. Weakening the encryption security
 of American users is a not a policy in the national interest. Forcing
 information vulnerabilities upon individuals and businesses is
 weakening national security, not strengthening it.
 Most egregious in such encryption regulation is the massive invasion
 of civil liberties it represents. The idea that various government
 agencies, from the FBI to health-care agencies, the IRS and the
 Justice Department, will have instant access to our Quicken programs,
 e-mail and data transmissions is both dangerous and unsettling.
 Liberty in the 21st century
 It is not as if the government has a good record regarding individual
 privacy. President Nixon's FBI tracked its enemies; the Clinton IRS
 seems to be auditing unfriendly 501(c)(3)s; and some 800 FBI files
 mysteriously found their way to Craig Livingstone's pizza-and-beer
 sessions.
 No doubt there is a unique, it-will-never-happen-again exculpatory
 reason for these violations of civil liberties. But if the government has
 the power to intercept and use your data for its purposes, it will do so
 sooner or later. That is a truth, and no amount of reassurance should
 lead us to believe otherwise.
 From Edmund Burke ("people never give up their liberties but under
 some delusion") to Woodrow Wilson ("the history of liberty is a history
 of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it"),
 Americans have jealously guarded their freedom. The next frontier of
 free speech will be the technology of encryption.
 In the 18th century, the First Amendment was essential to guarding free
 speech. Protecting the empowering technology of data transmission
 will be just as essential to maintaining liberty in the 21st century.
 Pete du Pont is the editor of IntellectualCapital.com. He is a former
 governor and congressman from Delaware. His e-mail address is
 petedupont
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-24 06:42:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: No Subject 
No, actually they aren't. I have no connection with the Von Mises institute,
However, if you don't want to shell out big bucks for an archival quality
version (and help a good cause in the process) you should at least go to your
library, and, if they don't have a (not-so spiffy :-)) version of von Mises'
_Human Action_ there, you should have them Inter-Library loan it for you.
Another great book in the same vein, actually better, as a first read, is
Friedrich Hayek's _The Road to Serfdom_. Another famous 50-year old book,
pissed upon by statists and leftists for generations, and only now being seen
as one of the best economic books of the century. The most recent edition even
has a forward by Milton Freidman. (Hayek won the Nobel just like Freidman did,
but I don't remember if von Mises did.)
Austrian-school economists rule, d00dz. Enjoy!
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-25 00:25:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: [FP] Money withheld for national ID cards 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: "ScanThisNews" SCAN THIS NEWS
OCTOBER 23, 1998
Money withheld for national ID cards
  Spending bill provides moratorium
  on implementation
Copyright 1998, WorldNetDaily.com
By David M. Bresnahan
The recently passed Omnibus Appropriations Bill included funding for $520
billion of spending, but it purposely excluded funds for the national ID
card or the medical ID program.
A review of the bill, which had over 4,000 pages and is 16 inches thick,
revealed that the opponents of the effort to make state driver's licences
into a national ID card succeeded in getting a moratorium on the
implementation of the law enacted in 1996 by Congress.
Both the national ID and the medical ID have already been made law. The
moratorium delays implementation from occurring on schedule while repeal
legislation is debated by Congress.
The national ID became law in 1996 and will go in effect October 1, 2000,
unless Congress repeals Section 656 (b) of the Illegal Immigration Reform
and Immigrant Responsibility Act.
If the law is not changed, every state must meet certain unfunded federal
mandates requiring the use of Social Security numbers, fingerprints, DNA,
retina scans, and other "biometric" identifying information on all driver's
Another federal mandate is the medical ID, which will be a new unique number
for every American intended to keep a detailed medical history in a
government computer. It will be implemented unless Congress acts to repeal
Section 1173 (b) of the Social Security Act.
The moratorium was first included in a transportation appropriations bill,
but Rep. Lamar Smith, R-TX, convinced Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-GA, to remove
it before passage, according to House Transportation Committee sources. Rep.
Frank Wolf, R-VA, chairman of the House Appropriations Transportation
Subcommittee included the ban in the omnibus bill, according to a committee
staff member. However, Smith was reported to be pushing to have that removed
as well. Those efforts failed, largely because of thousands of calls placed
to Gingrich's office by the public, according to congressional staffers who
preferred not to be identified.
Patrick Poole of the "Free Congress Foundation," a non-partisan group, sent
thousands of e-mails to supporters who then called Gingrich to encourage him
to keep the moratorium despite the efforts of Smith. WorldNetDaily.com
reported Monday that Smith was trying to remove the ban.
"Many of the callers either faxed copies of stories from WorldNetDaily, or
they mentioned it when they called," the source said. "There was no way the
speaker could support Smith's efforts with that kind of public awareness."
The actual language found in the Omnibus Bill states:
"National Identifiers:
"None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to issue a final
standard under docket No. NHTSA 98-3945 (relating to section 656(b) of the
Illegal Immigration Reform and Responsibility Act of 1996).
"National Health Identifiers:
None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to promulgate or
adopt any final standard under section 1173(b) of the Social Security Act
(42 USC 1320-d-2(b)) providing for, or providing for the assignment of, a
unique health identifier for an individual (except in an individual's
capacity as an employer or a health care provider), until legislation is
enacted specifically approving the standard."
The moratorium, now in place, will provide needed time for opponents to
draft legislation to repeal both the National ID and the Medical ID. The
process is expected to bring major debate over the issue. Smith and others
have used illegal immigration problems as their primary justification for
the need to give every American both identifying numbers.
House Majority Leader Dick Armey, R-TX, Rep. Ron Paul, R-TX, and Rep. Bob
Barr, R-GA, are reported to be planning repeal legislation next year. None
of their offices were able to be reached for comment on the success of the
moratorium in the Omnibus Bill. It had been reported previously that all
three had urged Gingrich to allow the moratorium to stand.
Responsibility for the design and implementation of the cards has been given
to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration of the Department of
Transportation. That agency has recently published the proposed "Driver's
License/SSN/National Identification Document," which contains the guidelines
which must be in force by Oct. 1, 2000. The "Notice of Proposed Rule Making"
sets out the standards for each state to follow in the design of
"identification documents."
The DOT solicited public comments on their plans for implementation of
Section 656 (b) of the act earlier this year. The public comment period has
just closed and many thousands of letters in opposition were received,
according to a spokesman. Five states also expressed opposition to the plan,
and only a "small number" of letters supporting the plan were known to the
spokesman, who spoke on condition that his name would not be published.
The American Association of Motor Vehicle Administrators also wrote to the
DOT and recommended repeal of the law, even though they had once been in
favor of such legislation.
"Over the past 10 years, the AAMVA has vigorously pushed Congress and the
various state motor vehicle directors to implement policies to require the
submission of social security numbers as a condition for issuance of
driver's licenses. This resounding defeat may spell the end of their
ill-fated quest," said Scott McDonald, a grass-roots activist who operates
the "Fight the Fingerprint" website. He is able to mobilize thousands of
activists on a national basis using his e-mail notification system.
"There is no satisfactory condition under which Social Security Numbers may
be required as a condition for travel," said McDonald. "The victory's
definitely not yet won. During these lull periods there's an opportunity for
proponents of these issues to let opposition die down and all of a sudden,
pop, it goes through without anyone even aware of it.
"I don't see how the Department of Transportation could go forth with
implementing the regulation with all that strong opposition to it. Even five
states wrote letters of strong opposition to requiring Social Security
numbers," said McDonald.
Although he was in favor of the moratorium, McDonald expressed concerns
about the difficulty in getting complete repeal of the law. He said many
activists may now regard the issue as being resolved, when the toughest part
of the battle is still ahead.
"For a year we're safe," said Lisa Dean of the Coalition for Constitutional
Liberties, another organization that has been actively campaigning against
the provisions of Section 656 (b). She agreed that the toughest part of her
organization's challenge is in front of her.
Now that a moratorium is in place for a year, Dean expects repeal efforts
will also include finding alternative ways to resolve the concerns about
illegal immigrants, although no recommendations are in place as yet.
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-10-26 07:19:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: WHITE HOUSE HITS SOFTWAR WEB SITE! 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: softwar (CharlesSmith)
   %                  bytes    files   name
 2.11  1.28          62230        20 | gov.eop.gatekeeper
198.137.241.100  GOV.EOP = EXECUTIVE OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT
Once again, the White House has visited the Softwar web site.
Last night the White House downloaded 20 files for a total of
about 62K worth of data.  The White House seems to be interested
in the SOFTWAR documents covering the CSPP or Computer Systems
Policy Project and John Podesta.
One document of interest to White House fans of SOFTWAR is the
memo written by BXA head Bill Reinsch to Ron Brown, dated June 1,
1995, which arranged a secret meeting between the White House and
the CSPP on June 6, 1995.  The CSPP has admitted in writing that
they attended several CLASSIFIED briefings at the invitation of
the Clinton White House on super computer exports and encryption
Another curious White House download included data on SOFTWAR's
new ciphering products such as our encrypted emailer and encrypted
web browser.
I extend a hearty digital welcome to President Clinton from the
INTERNET.  Mr. Podesta requested in the spring of 1998 that I
send him written questions.  Mr. Podesta has not answered these
questions and now refuses to be interviewed.  Again, I challenge
the President, or anyone in the Administration, to answer the
questions submitted as per Mr. John Podesta's request.  I have
attached the questions that HAVE NEVER BEEN ANSWERED below.
My website provider - us.net - gives a listing of "hits" on
my website.  Most WWW providers can give you this information.
Here is tip number six from my ART of INFO WARFARE postings.
Tip  - Anonymous Surfing.  Please note - each time you hit a
web site (www site) with your internet browser it leaves your
email address and more for the web masters to play with.  They
usually end up sending you spam (unsolicited) email on related
services and products.  Avoid this by surfing anonymously.  Go
to  - This service is great when you
don't want to trigger those marketing programs and junk mail.
It's also good to use if you visit the NSA, CIA, or North Korean
web sites.
March 2, 1998
Mr. John Podesta
The White House
Attn:  Sarah Latham
REF.  INTERVIEW FOR ARTICLE IN INSIGHT MAGAZINE (Washington
Times Group)
TOPIC:  ENCRYPTION and COMPUTERS
Dear Mr. Podesta:
Thank you for taking the time to answer my questions.
1.  What is your current position and previous term(s) of
service at the White House?
2.  Are you currently working on encryption policy?
3.  Can the current "Key Recovery" design as proposed by the
Clinton administration be used against political opponents or
dissidents by oppressive governments such as China or Iraq?
4.  Do you deny that Vince Foster and Webb Hubbell were involved
in encryption policy and the CLIPPER project?  If so please
explain their documented meeting at NSA Ft. Meade in May, of
5.  I have obtained documents that describe meetings between
George Tenet and Webster Hubbell in reference to project CLIPPER
which took place inside the White House in 1993.  Please explain
Mr.  Hubbell's role in CLIPPER and Mr. Hubbell's role in
encryption policy.
6.  What meetings have you had with the Computer Systems
Policy Project (CSPP)?
7.  What was the role of the Computer Systems Policy Project in
Mrs. Clinton's Health Care Reform initiative?
8.  What is your relationship with Ken Kay, Director of the
9.  Has the CSPP met in the White House, Old Executive Office or
the Commerce Dept?  If so, when and on what subjects?
10.  I have documented evidence of three exports of encryption
technology to China; HUA MEI, Motorola and RSA/SDI.  Please
describe the role of the Clinton administration in helping these
exports take place.
11.  Explain why meetings between the CSPP and the US Government
should not come under the FACA (Federal Advisory Committee Act)
12.  Please explain Al Gore's role in CLIPPER and inside the
Inter-Agency Working Group for encryption.
13.  Please explain Ron Brown's role in CLIPPER and inside the
Inter-Agency Working Group.  Did Ron Brown discuss encryption
with representatives of China?
14.  Was the CLIPPER design or Skipjack algorithm disclosed to
any foreign government or representative?
15.  What kind of encryption policy did you discuss with CIA
Director Deutch, George Tenet and NSA Director McConnell in late
December of 1993?
16.  What role did the Federal government play in the merger of
Silicon Graphics and CRAY?
17.  Please describe the Clinton administration's role in the
"accidental" export of Silicon Graphics super-computers to a
Russian nuclear weapons lab and the exports of some 46 supers to
18.  What role did the Federal government play in dealings with
Andrew Logan in 1993?  Did Mr. Logan get paid to not
sue the US Government over the CLIPPER design?
19.  What role did the Federal government and specifically AL
GORE play in the 1994 negotiations to purchase the DSA patents
from Mr. Bidzos, CEO of RSA Inc.?
20.  Please explain how you can serve on policy and still remain
part owner of Podesta & Associates without conflict?
21.  Were there or are there any plans to mandate government
encryption and nationalize the industry?
22.  Why would the Commerce Dept. reference the US government
DSA (Digital Signature) algorithm when I requested all
information on back doors or special software to monitor US
domestic financial transactions?  Does DSA contain some back
door or other exploitable feature?
23.  Explain the role of the FORTEZZA smart card as the proposed
national health care card during the 1993 Health Care reform.
24.  Does the White House hold closed meetings with other groups
covered under the FACA rules?  For example I have documents that
reference closed meetings with Dr. Willis Ware of the Computer
System Security and Privacy Advisory Board.
25.  Explain the role of AT&T and CLIPPER?  Please note I have
documents which detail the 1991 and 1992 meetings between
Scrowcroft and AT&T to purchase the initial batch of AT&T 3600
phones.  I also have details of the substitution contract to
AT&T issued in 1993 to remove the DES chips and put CLIPPER in
26.  Explain the role of Mrs. Hillary Clinton in encryption
policy and project CLIPPER.
27.  Explain the relationship between the administration,
Mr. Stephens of Arkansas, his company Systematics and the
lawsuit over PROMIS software.
Again, thank you for taking the time to answer my questions.  I
would like the opportunity to follow up if possible.
Best of Wishes,
Charles R. Smith SOFTWAR
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR               softwar
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-26 06:39:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Y2K is coming, and boy, is it pissed? 
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  NandoNet
Third Millennium's approach raises end-time hopes, fears
Copyright (c) 1998 The Associated Press
WASHINGTON (October 24, 1998 08:50 a.m. EDT  --
Jesus Christ is about to return, and the 1,500 folks packed into the
Sheraton Washington ballroom couldn't be happier.
For 16 hours a day, the End-Time Handmaidens pray and sway, singing of the
day they will "dance on streets that are golden." Around them, middle-aged
women clad in white and gold robes glide through the aisles while other
believers blow into rams' horns, their shrieks announcing the Second Coming.
The end is near. The end-timers are here.
"We're running out of time. We're running out of time," Sister Gwen Shaw,
the group's septuagenarian matriarch, says at the Handmaidens' annual
convention in 1997. "This is God's last call."
While these Handmaidens may be on America's evangelical fringe, their
beliefs about the millennium and Christ's Second Coming are remarkably
According to a 1997 Associated Press poll, nearly one out of every four
Christian adults -- an estimated 26.5 million people -- expect Jesus to
arrive in their lifetimes. Nearly as many -- an estimated 21.1 million
Americans -- are so sure of it that they feel an urgent need to convert
friends and neighbors.
The results are consistent with other surveys that have found a widespread
belief in the Second Coming. But the AP poll, conducted last spring by ICR
of Media, Pa., probes how Christians are acting on their beliefs.
The most fervent end-timers gather at prophecy conventions such as this one
in Washington, but their dreams and fears reverberate throughout the
country. America may have already entered what one apocalyptic scholar
calls the "hot zone" of end-time speculation: The year 2000 is far enough
away to be plausible as Christ's Second Coming, yet close enough to spark
intense proselytizing.
"I look at prophecy as a Polaroid picture that takes five minutes to
develop," says Zola Levitt, a Dallas evangelist on The Family Channel. "I'd
say we're at four minutes, 55 seconds."
At the end-timers' convention, believers pay hundreds of dollars for Jewish
liturgical instruments fashioned from rams' horns -- for the chance to play
their own small part in announcing the Second Coming. In unpracticed hands,
these shofars sound like a third-grade orchestra warming up.
Others, both in and out of the mainstream, are also blowing horns of
warning. There are best-sellers such as Pat Robertson's "The End of the
Age." Scores of broadcasters, from Jack Van Impe to Hal Lindsey, have
preached of the end times. And the Internet offers more than 100 popular
millennial sites, including This Week in Bible Prophecy and End Times Links.
For evangelical Christians, the Second Coming is what's new about the new
millennium. According to the AP poll, almost 40 percent of Christians
expect Jesus to arrive in the 21st century, if not sooner.
They are looking past Jesus' own admonition that "no one knows the hour."
By their reckoning of Biblical clues, the time is soon.
Belief in Jesus' return has underpinned Christianity from its earliest
days. Each week, Christians throughout the world recite the Apostle's
Creed, invoking Jesus who "will come again to judge the living and the
dead." Each day, many begin The Lord's Prayer, passed down by Jesus, with
"Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come...."
But what makes today's prayers so earnest? What separates this generation
of end-time prophets from those of the last two millennia?
The New Testament compares the kingdom of God, near at hand, to the growth
of a fig tree. Some believers substitute Israel for the tree. They say the
Second Coming is near at hand when the tree shoots forth branches -- when
Israel becomes a nation.
And that happened in 1948.
"Verily I say unto you, 'This generation shall not pass away, till all be
fulfilled,"' Jesus says in Luke 21:32.
Since many end-time prophets also place the apocalyptic Armageddon in
Israel, developments there continue to stir interest. In 1967, when Israel
reclaimed much of Jerusalem from Jordan, the prophecy in Luke was only
During the 1991 war between the United States and Iraq, many evangelists --
from Billy Graham to John Walvoord, chancellor of the Dallas Theological
Seminary -- envisioned the beginning of the end.
And when the 1993 Mideast peace pact was signed, radio evangelist Monte
Judah of Norman, Okla., identified the beginning of seven years'
tribulation heralding the Second Coming.
For evangelicals, signs of the end can be found anywhere, anytime.
Worldwide disasters -- floods, wars, earthquakes -- are what Jesus, in the
Gospel of Matthew, told followers to look for. The Hale-Bopp comet, famine
in Africa, developments in the European Common Market, even the convergence
of full moons and Jewish religious festivals -- all are sifted for clues of
the apocalypse.
"There's a lot happening in our time that would give most people a concern
and an excitement that the Lord is going to return," Thomas A. McMahon
says. He is executive director of the Berean Call, a religious newsletter
out of Bend, Ore., that circulates to 80,000 Christians.
"Every day has significance. Every political, social, economic event has
significance," says Phillip Lucas, general editor of Nova Religio: The
Journal of Alternative and Emergent Religions. "Your whole experience of
time is greatly heightened."
If the time is near, why not sometime around the year 2000? For end-timers
who cite a divine plan, great things tend to happen in 2,000-year periods.
Abraham and Isaac, patriarchs who established a covenant between God and
humans, were born around 2000 B.C. Two millennia later, Christians believe,
God became man with the birth of Jesus.
Those who believe human history is 6,000 years old wait with special
expectancy. Consider the mathematics in Peter's Second Letter: "One day
with the Lord is as a thousand years." For these believers, the new
millennium starts on the seventh day of creation.
For them, after 6,000 years of strife and turmoil, it's time for 1,000
years of heavenly rest as Jesus rules over the Kingdom of God on Earth.
"A lot of people think maybe the year 2000," says Leon Bates, head of the
Bible Believers' Evangelistic Association in Sherman, Texas. "I would go
along with the thought that it would be just like the Lord to have an
overall 7,000-year plan."
Oleeta Herrmann believes the end could come any time. She traveled to the
end-timers' convention from Xenia, Ohio, where three 25-foot crosses in her
back yard warn neighbors to get right with God.
Like others at the convention, she has heard the rustle of angels preparing
the way of the Lord. One night, she says, Jesus appeared in her bedroom to
reassure her that nieces and nephews would not be left behind when she is
lifted into the clouds to join others in her family who have died.
"You're bringing the rest of them with you," were the Lord's words, she says.
Willie Mae Johnson, at the convention from Lighthouse Free Methodist Church
in St. Louis, has no such assurances. What will happen to her father, her
children and other relatives who have not accepted Christ?
She is beginning to waver as 2000 approaches.
"I don't want to leave anyone behind, so you say yeah, and you say no," she
says. "I want Jesus to come back right now, but just wait a little while,
Even vendors at the end-timers' convention raise provocative questions,
selling T-shirts that feature three frogs plopped on a lily pad and asking:
"Where are you goin' when you croak?"
Many people are not going to make it through the tribulation. "He has given
us ... a burden for lost souls," says the Rev. Dorothy Mottern, accompanied
to the convention by church members from Fredericksburg, Va.
For those who read Revelation as a literal forecast, the future is
frightening for people without God's seal on their foreheads. In that Book,
a third of the Earth burns, and angels kill a third of those who survive.
For others, torture is so severe that "people will seek death, but will not
find it; they will long to die, but death will flee from them."
Warnings like these can change lifestyles.
In the AP poll, 98 percent of those who believe Jesus will return in their
lifetimes say they urgently need to get right with God.
About 21.1 million Americans, the poll estimates, have decided to get
others right, too, wanting to convert friends, neighbors and relatives.
Among age groups, the urgency is felt most widely among Baby Boomers. By
region, it is most prevalent in the South.
This urgency has created sweeping evangelistic campaigns. Celebrate Jesus
2000, a coalition of evangelical churches and ministries, wants to reach
the "entire nation for Christ" by the third millennium.
In an unprecedented action, the 15 million-member Southern Baptist
Convention, the nation's largest Protestant denomination, in 1996 vowed to
make special efforts to evangelize the Jews.
Of course, the end of the world has been predicted many times before.
But dates for the Second Coming have come and gone. In the 1840s, followers
of William Miller quit jobs, sold belongings and moved to upstate New York
to await the return of Jesus. He didn't come.
Two successful churches arose from the Millerite Movement: The Seventh-day
Adventists and the Jehovah's Witnesses. Both continue to anticipate the
end-times but no longer specify the date.
Charles Taze Russell, founder of the modern-day Witnesses, predicted that
the millennial age would begin in 1914. World War I raised hopes he was
right, but the movement's catchword -- "Millions now living will never die"

@_date: 1998-10-26 07:27:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Internet Police on the Prowl in China 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Washington Post
Internet Police on the Prowl in China
By Michael Laris
Special to The Washington Post
Saturday, October 24, 1998; Page A12
BEIJING - As head of the Shanghai Police Department's Computer
Security Supervision office, Qing Guang is in charge of ferreting out
"harmful information" on the Internet.
He has to look only as far as his own in box.
Qing is an unwitting subscriber to Chinese VIP Reference, an electronic
pro-democracy magazine run by Chinese students and scholars from a
small office near Washington's Dupont Circle. Every 10 days, editors
e-mail their magazine -- with its essays on "thought liberation," bulletins on
democracy activism, and reader-inspired reports on corruption -- to more
than 100,000 Internet users in China. Qing is one of them. And that
makes the tough-talking Shanghai cop crazy.
"For me, this kind of information is useless. When you put it in my
mailbox, it's a type of spiritual pollution. All the users don't want to
these kinds of things," Qing said in a rare interview. "If there was
something you didn't need, and I sent it to you by force, could you accept
that? Would you be disgusted or not?"
The Internet is slowly coming of age in China, prompting a showdown
between Communist Party officials who seek to maintain their media
monopoly, and upstart Internet publishers relying on powerful technology
and their uncensored news coverage to appeal to China's best and
The number of Chinese Internet users has jumped 75 percent this year to
1.2 million, and it is expected to reach 10 million in five years. Eighty-five
percent of users are under age 35, and they represent an influential elite of
students, intellectuals and officials. VIP Reference reaches at least 10
percent of Chinese users and perhaps a greater percentage if reader
surveys about how often it is forwarded are accurate.
The Chinese government is ambivalent toward the Internet.
Telecommunications officials have been investing millions of dollars to
increase Internet access, and national policy supports its swift growth, but
propaganda and security officials oppose its unfettered expansion. As
Chinese at home and abroad have become more effective at spreading
their ideas online, police and state security agents have launched a
campaign to train "Internet police" and pursue those responsible for
"hostile magazines."
"The water that carries the boat can also tip it over. The Internet is also
like this," the People's Daily, the most authoritative voice of China's
Communist Party, wrote on Oct. 12. "Going online is inevitable, but
tremendous economic benefit requires an assurance of safety."
China's leaders are not alone in their concern. New York-based Human
Rights Watch is looking into reports that governments in Malaysia, Turkey
and Bahrain have persecuted their citizens for distributing political
information online.
"It is precisely because of the Internet's potential for increasing the civil
and political participation of the disenfranchised that regulators are seeking
to control it," said Jagdish Parikh, online researcher for Human Rights
But China's government, which relied heavily on underground propaganda
to build support for taking power in 1949, is especially sensitive about
keeping its own censorship structures in place. Authorities boast that
China was the first country to require Internet users to register with the
government, and police are institutionalizing the monitoring of the country's
In Shanghai, for instance, Officer Qing has trained more than 200
employees from government work units to be the eyes and ears of the
police on local networks. In three-day seminars, Qing describes the
dangers of "black guests," the Chinese term for hackers, and explains
Internet security. He also explains China's stringent Internet regulations,
which went into effect last January.
"No one is allowed to release harmful information on the Internet," Qing
said. "You cannot send out harmful information which attacks our nation's
territorial integrity, attacks our nation's independence, or attacks our
socialist system."
Qing would not say how many Internet cases are being prosecuted in
China, nor how many police are surfing China's networks. But in
interviews, Chinese Internet users who have had run-ins with security
forces say the pressure is growing.
Lin Hai, a computer entrepreneur in Shanghai, was arrested in March for
allegedly providing his database of 30,000 e-mail addresses to VIP
Reference. Although Lin had not been active in politics, and had openly
sold and exchanged e-mail addresses as part of his online headhunting
business, he has been charged with "inciting the overthrow of national
Xu Hong, Lin's wife, said trading e-mail addresses is considered as
sinister as trafficking in postage stamps, and she believes authorities are
using her husband to send a message. "It's 'killing a chicken to scare the
monkeys,'" she said, using an old Chinese expression.
Feng Donghai, a co-founder of VIP Reference who works as a
telecommunications researcher at Columbia University, said his parents
and friends in China have been visited by state security agents four times in
the past several months to investigate him. "I also received a lot of reader
messages that they were visited by national security police because they
received our magazine," Feng said. But, like Officer Qing, many have an
alibi. "When police question our readers, they can claim they never
subscribed," Feng said.
The magazine has editors and contributors around the United States and in
China, and is part news source and part network. Democracy
campaigners in China have used it as a forum for discussing reform, and to
locate the e-mail addresses and phone numbers of fellow travelers. VIP
sends copies of its magazine not only to police officers but also to Chinese
lawmakers and government officials, as well as thousands of citizens. VIP
also e-mails a smaller-circulation daily update on dissident activities.
Readers e-mail the magazine 500 times each day. About 30 of those are
requests to be removed from the mailing list, but many others write to talk
The Chinese government has set up e-mail filters to block distribution, but
editors send the magazine from different addresses each time and have an
elaborate system within China to ensure the messages reach their
destination. Feng said he gets several dozen e-mail threats a day and has
also been hit by e-mail "bombings," which fill up his in box with large files.
Several of VIP's other key editors are trying to keep their identities secret
to escape similar trouble and to avoid being blacklisted.
The chief editor of "Public Opinion," an electronic journal edited in China
that focuses on government abuses of power, said he went into hiding
after police investigated his company.
"I was scared. Many people like me, who say things they shouldn't, have
been struck," said the editor, who gave his name as Li Yongming in an
e-mail interview from an undisclosed location in southern China. But Li
has continued working on the magazine. "I will not let others cover my
mouth," he said.
 (c) Copyright 1998 The Washington Post Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-26 07:28:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e-cash, banks, systemic risk, and financial safety in the Metro 
Reply-To: iang
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: I've been a faithful believer in the past that banks are not
the right organisations to get involved with electronic cash.
To some extent, this has been merely a learning exercise in
order to determine the shape and composition of the ideal
organisation that should be involved;  starting off by
rejecting the status quo is always educational.  When building
electronic cash systems, it is an obvious question to ask, and
if not, your customers soon do so for you.
Over time, another face has arisen, that of defending society
from threat of the new world being monopolised by the
dinosaurs of yesteryear.  In short, the need to keep banks
out of electronic cash.
At the end of this rant, I have attached a post from Dave
Birch of Hyperion, in which he presents some evidence of how
banks are failing in the smart card area.  This I find
personally amusing, as I argued in my paper on the EMI's 1994
Opinion that smart cards were something that the banks could
get into and sensibly monopolise.  I guess that argument now
looks somewhat weak.
Whether banks should be involved in electronic cash is part
of a wider question as to whether they should be involved
in payment systems.  Such a question is not really discussed;
It is fairly to clear to me after several years of central
bank watching that much of the regulators' thinking in these
areas is muddied due to their lack of appreciation of the
key distinction between banking and payment systems.  In
private and sometimes in public, the more enlightened of the
insiders tend to agree that such a distinction doesn't really
make sense to most central bankers.
In such a void of discussion, it is insufficient to simply
state that the business of payment systems is not the business
of banking, as I have been doing for the last few years.
Making such a statement does gives rise to the conclusion
that as different businesses, payment systems and banking
should at least be separately regulated.  From any sensible
business principles, unless there is a compelling reason to
combine them, one separates them (and it should said that
the marketing benefits of securing additional customer
ownership for banks are not really compelling enough to
argue for public intervention).
Such an argument is consistent and valuable, but has not
really made the grade as far as convincing the world to
change.  We need more.  We need to collect more information
on why payment systems need to be decoupled from banking.
One argument that has arisen, which I have been recently made
aware of through discussions with Douglas Jackson, is that
the combination of payment systems and banking raises the
risk of systemic failure in the economy.
The logic runs like this.  Banks, being the places where the
money is kept, are subject to attachments by goverments;
one of the bugbears of Free Banking is that it is not stable
in the long run, being unable to survive a long-term attack
by a regulator that seeks to attach the funds managed.  Now,
leaving aside from our natural distaste of theft with
coercion, we need to identify how this makes the system
When a regulator coerces a loan out of a bank, such as occurs
regularly in periods of systemic turmoil (LTCM, the Asian
crisis, S&L, need we go on?), then the bank that extends these
funds will be made weaker.  That is, it has somehow been
lumbered with a non-performing asset, which weakens its
balance sheet.
To see how this must be the case, consider what would happen
if the loan made was in fact a performing one.  Trivially,
any bank would take on a performing loan without the advice
of any regulator, as this can only be good business.
Therefore, any business that the regulator gets involved in
must be non-performing, and therefore must involve coercion
(or perhaps some other subsidy, but that is not considered
Now, this pushes the bank in the direction of failure.  If
the bank fails, we now have two problems, being the original
failure that caused the coerced loan and the second failure
of the coercee.  It takes no learned education to see that
this process is starting to look like an epidemic.
If the bank does not fail, then all is apparently well and
good.  Regulators might argue that their coercion and the
consequent dead loss to the bank's balance sheet did in
fact pay off, in societal terms, and they simply need to be
careful to only load up a bank as far as it can support the
The problem with this is that the regulators can make no
such argument.  Was it Mises who said that governments have
no special monopoly on good decisions, and therefore no
better ability to regulate than the market itself?  Sooner
or later, the regulators will make a mistake, forcing their
new found compliant bank into bankrupcy in order to bail out
the previous disaster.
Can we accept that?  We might be able to, if it was some
statistical thing - every now and then, our leaders make
a mistake, and something breaks.  Every now and then a
bank fails that did not need to, but most people shed only
crocodile tears over bank failures.
Well, no.  Unfortunately, the mere action of succeeding in
repairing the situation by coercing one good bank to bail out
another bad bank causes a reward scheme that self-perpetuates
the activity.  More simply, bad behaviour gets rewarded, and
good gets punished.
Where does this incentive lead to?  Evidently, repeated
bail-outs and bad loans across the entire banking industry,
which net out to a general weakening of the industry balance
This industry-wide weakening to the system of banks is not
a good sign, but when it is coupled, as it causally must be
in this case, with a regulator's propensity to shift bad
onto good, and risk an occasional mistake in the act, then
the whole system is at risk from the very people sworn to
protect it.
People need banking, not banks.  Who said that?  He might
have been thinking of the above, and perhaps predicting that
we would not be able to escape from a situation of regulated
weakness in the banking sector.
Assuming we cannot avoid the above problem, and it is
historically evident that many best efforts have failed, then
we must look at containment.  Banks may be unsound;  the
economy must go on.  And herein lies the nub of Jackson's
argument.  What better way to spread failures than through
payment systems?
Payment systems by their nature link banks into a system of
banking.  Better than that, or worse as the case may be,
payment systems are generally offered to and used by many
other sectors of the economy.  Such a powerful invention as
the payment system, or money as the economists like to call
it, will be made universally available.
Their power is a double-edged sword.  Failure of a payment
system is capable of crippling economies, toppling governments
and causing widespread destruction of wealth.  Russia today,
Albania yesterday, and the Weimar Republic in yesteryear are
powerful reminders of what happens when the payment system
Clearly, to then reserve payment systems to banks, which are
fundamentally regulated as to be unsound, is to raise systemic
risk.  The hitherto unchallenged argument of the central banks,
that their role is to protect the system against systemic risk,
should now be presented back to them as a reason for them not
reserving payment systems for banks.
Independant payment systems, separated from the regulated,
risky and weakened world in which banks operate, must
therefore decrease systemic risk in the financial system,
ceteris paribus.
This argument is one that supports separation.  Is there
another?  And to be rigourous, is there an argument that
supports the combination of banking and payment systems?
PS: follows is Dave Birch's post that catalysed this rant,
although the thoughts have been permeating for many a year.
Also note that this inclusion does not in any way evidence
Dave's endorsement of my arguments.
Frank Sudia said
The only consumer purse trial I can think of is the Mondex/Visa trial in
New York. I saw a report on the web a couple of weeks ago (Business Week?
Internesia sets in). The top three places where consumers in New York
wanted to use their electronic purses were for subway tickets, taxis and
payphones: not one of these was included in the trial. I bet that you can
buy a fur coat in Bloomingdales with your Mondex card but not pay a
parking meter.
Worldwide, the situation is much therefore more interesting than your
comment suggests. I might characterise it as follows...
Several large organisations (banks) have undertaken consumer digital
money trials which haven't been runaway successes. At retail point of
sale, which is where electronic purses are being trialled, smartcards
have no competitive advantage over cash whatsoever. Why do they persist?
It's because banks treat electronic purses as cards (instead of
computers, which is what they actually are). As a consequence, they are
handled by the "card services" (or whatever) department of the bank. What
is "card services" main business? Merchant acquiring. Who do "card
services" talk to about electronic purses? The merchants that they
already acquire credit card transactions for, rather than they guys who
run parking meters, vending machines, payphones, taxi meters etc etc etc.
Other large organisations (not banks) have undertaken consumer trials
which have been great successes. Examples are
* mass transit operators (e.g. Hong Kong mass transit does more smartcard
transactions every day than Mondex and VisaCash have done in their
history) where people find smartcards far more convenient than tickets or
coins. London Transport are soon going to issue more than 7 million
contactless smartcards for people to pay for subway and bus fares: how
long before the newspaper vendors at the stations accept these cards as
* campuses (in Europe and the US), where people need change for a million
reasons everyday (photocopiers, payphones etc etc) and it saves the
campus operators a lot of money to not have collect cash from machines.
I'm just as frustrated as everyone else that electronic purses aren't
catching on as quickly as I'd like. All I'd say is that purses will come
(even in America), so it's best to just take it easy and wait.
Dave Birch.
=== mailto:daveb =====  ===
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-26 06:57:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: It finally happened... 
Holy shit. Somebody's built JYA rant-maker...
Will wonders ever cease?
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-27 04:40:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Uncle Sam Wants Spooks. 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Status: U
Source:  Wired
Uncle Sam Wants Spooks
 by Arik Hesseldahl
 4:00 a.m.26.Oct.98.PST
 With the Cold War over and United States
 intelligence agencies in flux, both the Central
 Intelligence Agency and the National Security
 Agency have begun to struggle with an issue
 plaguing the private sector: how to hire and
 retain talented employees.
 In a world that increasingly uses computer
 networks to communicate and transfer
 information, the agencies are specifically looking
 for people who can navigate the Net and other
 networks.
 The CIA launched the most ambitious hiring
 program in the agency's history earlier this year,
 and it is expected to hire record numbers of
 case officers between now and 2005.
 Along with a new, Java-heavy recruiting section
 on the agency's home page, the agency is
 advertising widely in magazines like The
 Economist and recruiting on college campuses
 and within the military.
 "Our recruiting efforts are much more focused
 than they have been in recent years and we have
 a better idea of our target audience," said CIA
 spokeswoman Anya Gilsher. "We're facing
 increasingly difficult challenges like terrorism,
 mass destructive weapons, and narcotics.
 These are all very difficult targets, which require
 innovative approaches and a talented work
 force."
 Computer programmers and engineers are as in
 demand in the intelligence business as they are
 in any other industry, Gilsher said.
 "We're looking for people who can deal with
 different computer systems and software.
 Someone who is creative in their ability to
 handle and manipulate information technology
 and build programs that could be useful to us,"
 she said.
 While Gilsher would not go into specifics, an
 article in The New York Times in June suggests
 that the proliferation of computer networks
 around the globe has, for example, complicated
 the ability of agents to slip in and out of
 countries covertly using fake passports.
 It's a different story for the National Security
 Agency, the country's super-secret signals
 intelligence agency. In an unusually candid
 series of answers to written questions, the NSA
 said it is struggling with one of the same issues
 plaguing the private sector: employee retention.
 A recent article in the magazine Government
 Executive said the agency is suffering a "brain
 drain," losing some of its best code-makers and
 code-breakers to the private sector. In a written
 statement, NSA spokesman Patrick Weadon
 confirmed that the agency is working harder than
 it has in the past to attract and keep its
 employees.
 "NSA, like most of the nation's IT community,
 has had significant challenges in hiring and
 retaining IT personnel," Weadon wrote. "Having
 said that, NSA has been successful attracting
 computer professionals with the stimulating
 nature of the work, student programs, and the
 total benefits package."
 The NSA also happens to be the country's
 single-biggest employer of mathematicians, and
 expects to hire more than 100 Ph.D.-level
 mathematicians in the next three years.
 Like the CIA, the NSA has launched a
 recruitment Web page, which has attracted 20
 percent of its recent resumes. The NSA also
 posts its job openings on employment Web
 sites like Job Web and Career Mosaic.
 The agency has been aggressively marketing
 itself to students, offering several internship
 programs. One program gives college juniors 12
 weeks of summer work experience, after which
 they return to school for their senior year with a
 job offer in hand. Another program allows college
 students to alternate working for the agency and
 going to school each semester.
 Some personnel also qualify for a fully funded
 graduate studies program, during which they can
 go to school full time for a year and still earn a
 salary, provided they commit to work for NSA for
 three years.
 NSA employees aren't likely to take jobs for the
 money, however. Computer science jobs at the
 NSA pay between US$35,000 and $70,000 a
 year, much less than in the private sector.
 "IT professionals seek out the NSA due to the
 unique nature of our work," Weadon wrote. "This
 has made us successful in attracting computer
 professionals over the past several years, and
 we believe this appeal will continue into the
 future."
 Not everyone agrees. Steve Aftergood, a
 research analyst for the Federation of American
 Scientists, said the allure of working in the
 intelligence community is wearing thin.
 "The intelligence agencies have an unattractive
 air about them," Aftergood said. "They have an
 aura of failure about them, especially in recent
 years. Rightfully or wrongly, they have been
 attacked as incompetent and even obsolete.
 Those charges may or may not be true, but they
 cast a long shadow over the agencies in the
 public mind."
 In recent years, the CIA has faced its share of
 problems within and criticisms from without. This
 year, for example, the agency was criticized for
 not having predicted nuclear weapons tests by
 India and Pakistan. In 1994, CIA employee
 Aldrich Ames was caught after revealing the
 identities of CIA operatives in the Soviet Union
 over the course of nine years. For its part, the
 NSA has been criticized for its efforts to keep
 strong encryption systems out of the hands of
 private citizens.
 Both the CIA and NSA still maintain a
 technological edge over the private sector, but
 Aftergood said that lead is shrinking.
 "The reality is that the private sector now
 competes in many areas that used to be the
 exclusive domain of the intelligence agencies,"
 he said, citing encryption, computer software
 implementation, and analysis of foreign military
 and economic conditions as examples.
 The schools that train the spies and intelligence
 analysts of the future are placing a new
 importance on learning to use the Net and other
 online resources to get the job done. Robert
 Heibel, director of the Research/Intelligence
 Analyst Training Program at Mercyhurst College
 in Erie, Pennsylvania, said students get a
 thorough exposure to the Net and computers in
 general.
 The program trains students to "drink from the
 firehose," to glean important nuggets of
 information as tools for decision makers, Heibel
 said.
 Graduates of the program have gone on to
 become analysts for the CIA, NSA, FBI and
 other agencies swimming in the intelligence
 community's alphabet soup, he said.
 "We teach a concept called open source and
 public domain intelligence -- that is, taking what
 is in the public domain and creating new
 knowledge by analysis and interpretation," he
 said. "If you spend 20 percent of your
 intelligence budget on open source intelligence
 you'll be able to answer 70 percent of the boss's
 questions."
 Applying for a job with the CIA is easy: Send a
 resume. The CIA scans the resumes it gets
 using optical character recognition technology.
 An applicant for either agency must also submit
 to a thorough background investigation, a
 polygraph test, and medical and psychological
 examinations, said Gilsher, who went through
 the process herself. The process currently takes
 five to six months, but the agency is hoping to
 shorten that to three or four months, she said.
 Copyright (c) 1994-98 Wired Digital Inc. All rights reserved.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-27 07:39:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Available For Download: Chapter on Electronic Cash for  Upcoming Handbook by CRC Press 
X-Sender: brands (Unverified)
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: Hi all,
In light of some questions about my electronic cash systems by Frank Sudia
and Robert Hettinga, and some requests I received via e-mail, I decided to
make available my chapter on electronic cash that I wrote mid 1996 for the
upcoming "Handbook on Algorithms and Theory of Computation," Michael
Atallah (editor), CRC Press, ISBN 0849326494. It is an introduction to
electronic cash, and contains a high-level description of my system as well
as a highly practical implementations of it.
You can download the PDF file from
Alternatively, get it directly as
PS The above book chapter has a very narrow focus, and does a poor job of
highlighting the generality of my techniques, which are much more generally
applicable than just for the purpose of electronic cash. Over the past two
years, I have been busy writing a book, with the preliminary title
"Electronic Money and Digital Eligibility Certificates." Currently, over
500 of the approximately 750 pages are finished, and I aim to have it
published early next year. If the publisher allows it, large parts of the
book will be made available as PDF files as well, but nothing is clear yet.
There are also some very real commercial things happening right now; I hope
to be able to announce something in the next few months as well.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-27 08:45:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: dbts: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The Dirigible Biplane, and   Sending the Wizards Back to Menlo Park 
Right. Exactly. Attacking flatland from the third dimension has always been
my special curse. :-).
I hope if I can be excused if I don't want to chase you down that
particular rabbit-hole anymore, Vin.
Sorry to disappoint, but there are *lots* of other, more qualified people
around to walk through *that* particular looking glass, to mix my metaphors
like a doormouse.  I'm interested in *lots* of other stuff besides the
traceability of "on-line" audit trails and mapping meatspace book-entry
transaction processing to the internet like so much financial shovelware.
I will, however say, once again, that you can have reputation in
cypherspace without any biometric "identity" whatsoever, modulo the
footprints we all leave when we do stuff anyway. I wrote a rather extended
rant about this a while ago, in November or so last year, and everyone on
these lists has seen it. (Some, unfortunately, more than once. :-).) Let me
know if you want to send it to you under separate cover, and, if memory
serves, it may even be on the old Shipwright site,
Anyway, if you'd like to talk to someone who'll take up the cudgel, you
might want to talk to folks like Carl Ellison and Perry Metzger, who just
did an entire session at the USENIX electronic commerce conference on just
this kind of stuff. They're much more, um, curioser and curioser about
key/identity orthogonality than I am. :-). I just assume what they more or
less prove, to my own satisfaction.
I think I've said all I care to on the subject. And watch out for the
little blue mushrooms. The visuals last for days...
Bob Hettinga
PS: I would note, by way of a plug, that the DCSB meeting next Tuesday will
probably be a *great* place to talk about this, as Dan Geer from CertCo
(speaking of the USENIX electronic commerce conference) will certainly be
talking about this kind of thing -- and other such fun stuff.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-27 22:37:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Oct. 27 column -- Halloween 
Resent-Date: Mon, 26 Oct 1998 23:17:25 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/576
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED OCT. 27, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Thoughts on the occasion of the October moon
    The column for which I receive the most "repeat" requests remains my
1992 Halloween submission, "Thoughts on the occasion of the October moon."
That essay follows here, as it originally appeared:
    #  #  #
     Halloween approaches, the day when many an American parent will suit
up the little ones in black robes, matching 17th century conical hats, and
oversized warty noses, sending them off to delight the neighbors with this
impersonation of a witch, as traditionally represented from 17th century
Austrian paintings of the Hexensabbat right up through Disney's "Snow
  Even the newspapers generally play along, running the results of polls
that ask Americans how many actually believe in such mythological creatures
as ghosts, trolls and witches.
  But witches are not mythological creatures, of course. They were the very
real practitioners of a religion which pre-dated Christianity in Europe,
and which had coexisted quite peaceably with the new Christian church for
more than 1,000 years, from the Council of Nicaea until the fateful year
1484 A.D., under the quite sensible rule of the Canon Episcopi, which
instructed Christian clerics through all those years that -- in cases where
sorcery or commerce with the devil was charged but could not be proven --
it was the accuser, not the accused, who was to suffer the penalty for
those crimes.
  Needless to say, this held false charges to a minimum.
  All that changed after 1484, when an ambitious but ethically challenged
Dominican friar and embezzler by the name of Heinrich Kramer managed to
convince Pope Innocent VIII to set the Holy Office of the Inquisition onto
the witches, using torture to extract confessions, authorizing anonymous
accusations without any right for the accused to face her accuser, and
granting the soon-busy witch-hunters the rights to seize and divide the
estates of the accused (who were always found guilty), an invitation to
systematic legal looting so foul that it was never allowed again in Western
history ... until our current War on Drugs, of course.
  As many as 9 million persons -- some doubtless practitioners of the Old
Craft, but many, especially in later years, just as doubtless falsely
accused -- were burned or hanged before the burning times faded away with a
kind of embarrassed shrug in the early 1700s.
  The crime of which they were accused? Worshipping a female deity, a
goddess of the earth, and her male consort, the goat-horned male god of
  Christian clerics, themselves mostly illiterate, called this female deity
"the abomination," which has subsequently been interpreted to mean the
horned devil of Hebrew tradition. But practitioners of a fertility cult
would have had little reason to mock the late-comer Christianity by hanging
crosses upside down or reciting masses backwards. "Satanism," to the extent
that it ever existed (and I suspect more black masses were chanted on
London film sets in the 1960s and '70s than anywhere in the four centuries
preceding), is a very different thing.
    #  #  #
    Why should we care about the fate of the witches? For starters, it
appears the witches stressed not the superiority of either sex over the
other, but rather a balance between male and female principles -- an
obvious notion for early agriculturalists trying to come to a metaphorical
understanding of the germination of crops in the "mother" earth thanks to
the intervention of those primeval "male" agencies, the sun and the rain.
  But the culture which destroyed the witches was not merely
male-dominated. The history of our European ancestors of the 16th and 17th
centuries presents a spectacle of bloodthirsty intolerance, a perverse
catalogue of self-flagellation and repulsion at sexuality which found
outlet only in the frenzied drive to conquer and enslave both the natural
world and any other culture that presented itself. No matter how we may
celebrate their competitive superiority from a safe distance, this was
clearly a bunch of sick puppies.
  Was it the plagues, which quite often left the continent literally in the
hands of teenagers? Whatever the reason, using their superior technology of
sail and cannon, and helped mightily by bacteriological allies to which
they had developed at least partial immunity, the Europeans didn't merely
conquer the indigenous populations of the Americas, they ruthlessly
eradicated whole cultures, and with them any medical or other knowledge
they might have had to offer, sweeping all aside as the "spawn of the
  Meantime, European women were being stripped of their property and other
rights (many "witches," curiously, were widows of independent means), at
precisely the time when their presense in the councils of church and state
might have maintained some semblance of sanity.
  The Europeans of the time adopted little of our hypocritical modern-day
pretense of being horrified at "drug use" per se -- they happily imported
coffee, tobacco, opium, and cocaine. In fact, they forced the opium trade
on China when it proved to be the only thing for which the Chinese would
trade silver bullion.
  But while they reveled in novel forms of drunkenness, what did horrify
those brave conquerors was the use of any hallucinogenic substance as a
means to religious revelation, a superstitious dread of alternative paths
to spiritual enlightenment which still hangs on in our aforementioned and
thoroughly irrational "War on Drugs."
  (Which drug is involved in more incidents of spouse battery and
inter-family murder by a factor of millions-to-1: alcohol or LSD? Which
will get you 20 years in the federal pen, while the other now comes in
convenient "wide-mouth 12-packs"?)
  The wholesale eradication of the cultures of the Aztecs and the Incas was
justified not because of their practice of slavery and ritual slaughter --
Pizarro and Cortes would have found those familiar enough -- but because
they were found to be using peyotl, hallucinogenic mushrooms, and
ololiuhqui (a variety of morning glory seed) in their religious rituals,
sure signs of "witchcraft," and coincidentally a method of seeking direct
revelations from the gods which really delivered the goods -- hardly fair
competition for the modest little Spanish communion wafer.
  Why did the conquistadors relate such practices to the witches back home?
Because the witches, too, in a triumph of empirical science (Northern
Europe has no reliably safe natural hallucinogens), had found ways to turn
such normally deadly poisons as henbane, monkshood, and belladonna into an
externally-applied ointment which would promote religious revelation by
inducing a sensation of flying, followed by ecstatic visions.
  (The stuff worked best when applied to the mucous membranes with a smooth
wooden rod or staff -- the "witch's broomstick" of our modern Halloween.)
  This was the great evil of the witches, and the justification for
destroying millennia of the (start ital)materia medica(end ital) which they
had gathered -- the traditional folk knowledge of medicinal plants which
was largely destroyed with the Wise Women of 16th and 17th century Europe,
and which we are only painfully piecing together again today.
    #  #  #
    It's commonly held that this order of midwives and herbal healers were
a superstitious lot, rejecting the more "scientific" advances of the
academically trained doctors of their time.
  The truth is just the opposite. What could be more scientific than
carefully observing and noting the effects of medicinal herbs over a period
of generations? What could be a more superstitious pile of nonsense than
the theories of the 2nd century quack Galen, whose theory that health is
dominated by the "four humours" remained gospel for centuries, refined with
the addition of harsh purgatives and the exquisite nonsense of
  So fatal was the standard practice of medicine in the centuries after the
witches were eliminated that most leading statesmen of the time -- George
Washington included -- died while being bled by doctors. (Washington woke
up with a sore throat at the age of 67, and died within 48 hours after
receiving a cathartic enema, being dosed with poisonous mercury and
antimony, and having literally half his blood -- four pints -- drained from
his body, all in keeping with the best medical advice of the day.)
  All three of Louis XVI's elder brothers were killed by the blood-letting
of physicians during youthful illnesses. The last direct heir to the
Bourbon throne was preserved only after the queen mother bundled him away
to a locked room and refused on pain of death to let any of the court
physicians have at him.
  Superstition? Ask most modern patients whether they would rather be
injected with a purified white extract, or swallow a tea made from the same
herb, and see whether there isn't a "superstitious" preference for the
power of the magic syringe or even for surgery over the remedy in its
naturally-occurring form, even when the latter offers better control of
dosage and side effects. Chew up a bunch of bug-eaten leaves? How
  The ancient Egyptians were fighting infection with fruit molds as early
as the date of the Ebers papyrus, but thousands had to die of pneumonia,
puerperal fever and meningitis, all through the late Middle Ages and right
through the 19th century, before Fleming could get anyone to take another
look at penicillin. It was with similar reluctance -- and not until 1795,
when Napoleon seemed likely to put them all out of business unless they got
practical in a hurry -- that the established brotherhood of "scientific"
physicians finally acknowledged that the "old wives' remedy," lemon juice,
was a better cure for naval scurvy than all their acids and caustic salts
put together.
    #  #  #
    This is the tradition of ignorance, intolerance, and futility which we
honor when we dress up our children to ridicule warty old witches, or when
we protest (as parents groups in Le Mesa, Calif. and elsewhere continue to
do every year) that Roald Dahls' book "The Witches" should be banned from
school libraries because it "portrays witches as ordinary-looking women."
  Only the dimming effects of time -- and the fact that the Inquisition
pretty much got them all -- render this outrage acceptable. To find a
modern parallel, imagine the (fully appropriate) public outcry if it were
discovered that some small town in Bavaria, from which for some undisclosed
reason all the Jewish families disappeared in 1942, had since decided to
launch a new Halloween custom, in which many of the town's blonde-haired
little children were dressed up in yarmulkes and artificially large beaked
noses, and sent out to play pranks and demand loot under the guise of being
"nasty little Jews." Imagine further that the more religious local townfolk
demanded the removal of certain children's books from the local library,
because they depicted Jews as "people or ordinary human appearance."
  A healthy skepticism about many of our modern-day "witches" and some of
their New Age mumbo jumbo may be in order ... though surely it's not up to
us to choose which of their exotic notions it's "acceptable" to explore.
  But shall we extend our inherited intolerance to the many serious
researchers now trying to rediscover the healing properties of plants, to
overcome centuries of medical libel designed to convince us that
mild-mannered natural remedies which can take weeks to rebuild our
immunities are not worth our time, that the only valuable medicines are
purified (and thus patentable) toxins that kill "bad" cells in a test tube,
no matter how much damage they cause the "host organism" in the process?
  Excepting the odd mountain hamlet in Gwynedd, the Tirol, and the
Hebrides, our direct links to the Wise Women of old are probably lost for
good. But rediscovering their worldview, a beneficent vision of humankind
inextricably balanced in nature's mandala, is a journey well worth
beginning anew -- perhaps even on the night of the Samhain moon.
    #  #  #
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin The web
sites for the Suprynowicz column are at
 and
 Watch for Vin's book, "Send in the Waco
Killers," coming from Huntington Press in February, 1999. The column is
syndicated in the United States and Canada via Mountain Media Syndications,
P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
The evils of tyranny are rarely seen but by him who resists it. -- John
Hay, 1872
The most difficult struggle of all is the one within ourselves. Let us not
get accustomed and adjusted to these conditions. The one who adjusts ceases
to discriminate between good and evil.  He becomes a slave in body and
soul. Whatever may happen to you, remember always: Don't adjust! Revolt
against the reality! -- Mordechai Anielewicz, Warsaw, 1943
* * *
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-27 23:13:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Oct. 29 column -- twilight of an era 
Resent-Date: Mon, 26 Oct 1998 23:21:30 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/578
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED OCT. 29, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Twilight of the Gods
    We seem to be entering the twilight of an era.
 Changes in our society -- consider the erosion of personal liberties, and
even the notion that sticking up for our personal liberties is a good thing
("He wouldn't give his Social Security number when he tried to register to
vote? He owned an unregistered firearm? He wouldn't volunteer any
information on his tax form? Then he deserved whatever happened to him. I'm
sorry they burned up the wife and baby, too, but he brought it on himself")

@_date: 1998-10-27 22:48:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Oct. 30 column -- playing out the clock 
Resent-Date: Mon, 26 Oct 1998 23:24:55 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/579
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED OCT. 30, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Gamely playing out the clock in a hopeless contest
    Every even-numbered year, literally scores of candidates come trooping
through the offices of the newspaper where I work, seeking our endorsement
for every office from constable or justice of the peace, to governor or
U.S. senator.
  Playing out the game by the established rules, we cross-question them on
their little memorized spiels about how they "respect the Second Amendment"
and "want to make government more efficient and more responsive to the
people's needs."
  By and large, those candidates who start out insisting they "respect the
Second Amendment" will quickly agree with any new hare-brained scheme you
can propose to register or restrict where folks can carry guns, or to ban
people from owning "really dangerous" semi-automatic weapons or concealable
handguns, for which "obviously no one can have a legitimate use."
  (Uzis seem to be a favorite weapon for which "no one can have a
legitimate use" this year. The only ones available in local gun shops are
semi-autos, of course -- essentially a 9mm handgun with a shoulder stock.)
  Naturally, those who "want to make government more efficient" can rarely
name a single government office or program they'd close.
  But every year, a few candidates show up who actually understand a little
economics, have read the Constitution, and volunteer that the purpose of
government is to protect individual rights.
  Pinching ourselves and wondering how they "slipped through," every year
we celebrate these few brave souls in our editorial pages. Many people vote
for them. And then what happens? Taxes go up, more laws are passed,
government grows more intrusive, and our rights are eroded faster than
  How come?
  Well, of course, not all the candidates we endorse get elected. A certain
number of incumbent redistributionists are "automatically" returned by the
voters, no matter what we say or do.
  Fine: A newspaper has no dictatorial powers, nor should it.
  But what's more discouraging is how little difference these
well-intentioned people seem to make even if they do get elected to the
state legislature, or the Congress, or wherever they're headed.
  I've been in the newspaper business for 25 years. Call me a cynic -- I'll
respond that it's simply an objective observation: No matter who we elect,
it doesn't matter any more. Government is a machine that crunches anyone
you send into it into a cog or gear of the required shape and size to keep
the machine running and growing.
  Why are fewer and fewer folks registering to vote, or showing up at the
polls? Vote for the most radical of Libertarians, he will get 4 percent of
the vote, and nothing will change. They still won't let him into the TV
debates next year, and no corporation will hand him the protection money
which we still daintily call "campaign contributions."
  Vote for (start ital)and elect(end ital) the most radical-sounding "less
government" Republican you can find, and the best result will be a
government that grows at the rate of 7 percent next year, instead of 8
percent. You will still have to get fingerprinted to obtain your new
driver's license, there will still be armed soldiers at the airports
strip-searching people "to prevent terrorism and drug-running" (starting
next year), and your take-home pay will still be a smaller percentage of
your gross earnings next year than it was last year.
  Oh, these things are never accomplished overnight, say the eternal
optimists. Besides, these are all just a bunch of cynical generalities.
  OK: Let's get specific. in my next column, I will present you with five
or six races in which the Las Vegas Review-Journal -- largest newspaper in
Nevada -- has made loud, strident, forceful endorsements in Election '98.
The five or six candidates the newspaper endorsed may astound you with just
how dedicated to personal liberties and limited government they sound,
given that they are all "electable" (that is to say -- from one of the
"major parties.")
  But if each voter could personally interview every candidate on his or
her Nov. 3 ballot for half-an-hour apiece, not allowing them to get away
with any slick double-talk, I daresay you too could find and vote for five
or six "viable" candidates in your own town and state who sound just as
  Then you too could have the experience of seeing them go to the capital
and vote for new tax hikes and more gun control laws, vote to send away
harmless minority kids for even longer terms in the pen for "getting high"
on harmless vegetable extracts, authorize more restrictions of our economic
freedom and invasions of our privacy, and then give you a look of shock
when you tell them you're disappointed.
  "But that bill had some good stuff in it!" they will insist. "No bill is
perfect. You always have to compromise on something to get things done. We
had to make our gun licensing rules just a little stricter, in the hopes
our permits will now be recognized by other states. And as for the
fingerprinting for the new driver's license, most people favor that, since
it will make it much harder for someone else to cash your checks if they're
  Next time: five excellent and "viable" candidates, and why voting for
them probably won't make a bit of difference at all.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
The evils of tyranny are rarely seen but by him who resists it. -- John
Hay, 1872
The most difficult struggle of all is the one within ourselves. Let us not
get accustomed and adjusted to these conditions. The one who adjusts ceases
to discriminate between good and evil.  He becomes a slave in body and
soul. Whatever may happen to you, remember always: Don't adjust! Revolt
against the reality! -- Mordechai Anielewicz, Warsaw, 1943
* * *
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-27 22:50:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SNET: [FP] Microsoft puts smart card on table 
X-Sender: st005940
 jeremy.compton (Jeremy Compton))
Precedence: list
Reply-To: snetnews
->  SNETNEWS  Mailing List
SCAN THIS NEWS
Microsoft puts smart card on table
By Tim Clark
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
October 26, 1998
Update: Microsoft tomorrow will announce an extension of its Windows
operating system for smart cards, a company spokesman said today.
Smart cards, which have very limited memory and processing power, are about
the size of a credit card and embedded with a computer chip. The technology
is used for storing data on mobile phones, banking online, and paying for
phone calls and public transit fares.
Microsoft vice president Paul Maritz is scheduled to announce the operating
system initiative tomorrow at Cartes 98, a conference on smart card
technology in Paris.
A new system from Microsoft could bring more acceptance of smart cards in
the United States. Smart cards have been used in Europe, which holds more
than 80 percent of the market, but have been slow to progress in America, at
least in part beacuse of the lack of a standard operating system.
Microsoft is bidding to enter that arena, but Sun Microsystems is already
active in that space with its JavaCard specification. In addition, Mondex,
an e-cash company controlled by MasterCard has its MultOS system designed so
cards with different operating systems can work together.
The company's interest in smart cards parallels its strategy with Windows
CE, a stripped-down version of its PC operating system for consumer
electronics devices. In April, Microsoft announced a version of Windows CE
for automobiles, gas pumps, industrial controllers, and other uses.
The smart-card initiative seeks to go after even smaller, cheaper
devices--particularly when rival Sun is targeting the same business. The
Microsoft spokesman said card developers could use existing Windows tools to
work with their software.
The annual Paris show is a major showcase for the smart card industry.
Schlumberger, a major French manufacturer of smart cards, today unveiled new
software for its cards that transforms a smart card into a security device
to identify its holder.
Many PC makers have said they will produce machines with smart-card readers
built in, a capability that Microsoft has provided in its desktop PC
operating systems. Microsoft has a certification and logo program that
indicates smart card systems work with Windows NT.
Don't believe anything you read on the Net unless:
1) you can confirm it with another source, and/or
2) it is consistent with what you already know to be true.
Reply to:  To subscribe to the free Scan This News newsletter, send a message to
      and type "subscribe scan" in the BODY.
    Or, to be removed type "unsubscribe scan" in the message BODY.
   For additional instructions see

@_date: 1998-10-27 22:42:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Moore is Moore 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
 Tuesday 27 Oct, 1998
   NOW - THE ATOMIC CHIP
     Scientists at the Technical University of Denmark said today they have
created an atom-sized computer chip, in which a single hydrogen atom
jumping to and fro generates a binary code. And the technique operates at
room temperatures. It means a million CDs could fit onto one disc. But it
is not expected to become commercial for some years. The university's
Microelectronics Centre, which carried out the research, is at
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-27 22:41:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Look Who's Minding The Store 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: softwar (CharlesSmith)
William Reinsch is the Under Secretary for Export Administration
(BXA) from the U.S. Commerce Department.  Mr. Reinsch has been
with the Commerce Department since 1994, starting his service
under Ron Brown.  As head of BXA, Reinsch is charged with
administering and enforcing American high-tech export control
policies and anti-boycott laws.
Reinsch controls billions of dollars in American technology
exports from his position at BXA.  For example, Reinsch controls
high-speed computers, advanced secure communications systems and
encryption software.  According to the Commerce Department,
Reinsch's job also includes helping "Russia and other newly
emerging nations develop effective export controls systems and
convert their defense industries to civilian production."
Interestingly, Mr. Reinsch has zero experience in either
technical matters or military affairs.  Reinsch's only
qualification is that he was an aide to Senator Rockefeller and
former Senator Heniz.  This is quite unusual for a person
charged with such an export job involving the international
"defense" industry.
According to the Commerce Department, Reinsch's only business
experience consists of "President of the Saint Mark Elderly
Housing Corporation."  It is certain that Reinsch's business
experience running rental housing for the aged has little
application toward the export of advanced defense related
equipment to Russia and China such as super-computers.  Yet,
during Mr. Reinsch's tenure a wide range of advanced technology
has been shipped outright to China, India and Russia.
I once had the opportunity to ask Mr. Reinsch about one specific
transfer he worked on in 1995 for Loral.  According to Commerce
documentation, Mr. Reinsch exchanged a series of highly
classified memos with Commerce lawyer Bettie Baca on the export
of Loral GLOBALSTAR satellites to be launched by the Russians.
President Clinton signed the waiver for Loral to launch from the
former Soviet Union in July 1996.  Clinton's waiver included the
transfer of encrypted telemetry control systems to China for the
GLOBALSTAR satellites.
I cornered Bill Reinsch in April 1998 at the Rayburn
Congressional office building after a conference on President
Clinton's encryption policy.  At first, Mr. Reinsch claimed he
did not author the documents on Loral satellite exports.  I then
presented an official list of items from the U.S. Commerce
Department that showed he indeed did author the 1995 Loral
memos.  At this point Reinsch's face went pale and he ran from
the room.
I gave chase, demanding answers with tape recorder in hand,
attracting the attention of several dozen Congressional staffers
and a select few from the press as witnesses.  Reinsch, however,
was faster.  He pushed past the crowded entrance and dashed down
the Congressional hallway, running in full stride in his
three-piece suit.  Since then, Mr. Reinsch has refused all
requests for an interview.
Until recently, Reinsch controlled commercial satellite exports.
President Clinton passed the authority to control satellite
exports to the Commerce Department by executive order in 1996.
Republican legislation signed by President Clinton in October
1998 puts that authority back to the State Department and the
Defense Department.
Another example of Mr. Reinsch and his experience with the
defense industry through elderly housing is the export of high
speed computers to Russian and Chinese nuclear weapons labs.  In
1995 Bill Reinsch wrote a memo to Ron Brown detailing a secret
meeting with a group of computer CEOs, consisting of Apple,
AT&T, Compaq, Cray, Silicon Graphics, Digital Equipment
Corporation, Tandem, Sun and Unisys.  The group is called the
CSPP or Computer Systems Policy Project.
CSPP computer executives have backed Clinton since 1992 with big
bucks.  For example, Apple's chairman John Schully is a major
donor to the Clinton campaigns and a long time supporter.
In 1995 the CSPP lobby group was led by Ken Kay, an employee of
Tony Podesta, the brother of White House advisor John Podesta.
John Podesta is now Clinton's Chief of Staff.  In 1995, John
Podesta worked at the White House running encryption and super
computer policy.  During the same period of time, the CSPP and
Clinton officials began a series of classified briefings on
encryption and super computer export policy.
In 1995 IBM and Silicon Graphics sold super-computers directly
to Russian Atomic weapon labs.  IBM has since been fined $8.5
million on the $7 million sale.  In fact, Commerce spokesman
Eugene Cotilli pointed out in October 1998 that the Commerce
Department investigation led to the conviction.
Of course, Commerce did not start investigating until the
Russian minister in charge of MINATOM (Ministry of Atomics)
announced publicly the U.S. computers would be used for nuclear
weapons research.  Cotilli also did not deny that there is NO
investigation of CSPP member Silicon Graphics and their sale of
four super computers to Russian nuclear engineers at the
Chelyabinsk-70 weapons lab in the fall of 1996.  Thus, while IBM
is convicted - Clinton supporter and Podesta associate client
Silicon Graphics remains uninvestigated.
In 1998, White House Special Counsel to the President Michael B.
Waitzkin wrote "In January 1997, Mr. Podesta resigned his
part-time position at Podesta Associates and returned to the
White House as Deputy Chief of Staff.  Mr. Podesta was requested
by Senior Administration Officials to undertake certain
responsibilities with respect to encryption policy.  He did not,
however, undertake these responsibilities until he received
specific approval from the White House Counsel's Office with
respect to his involvement in these matters."
Thus, Mr. Podesta sought and obtained approval for his conflict
of interest in 1997.  Whether John and Tony Podesta shared a
conflict of interest in 1995 has so far remained unresolved but
not uninvestigated.  House investigators in the Cox/Dix
committee and on the House National Security Committee have
sought information on the CSPP and John Podesta.  Mr. John
Podesta refuses to be interviewed.
The fact is, Podesta Associate employee Ken Kay made thousands
of dollars in donations to the DNC in 1994 and 1995.  Yet,
according to CSPP lawyer C. Boyden Gray, Ken Kay only donated
$2,500 of which $1,250 was returned by the DNC in the form of a
painting.  According to official Federal Election Commission
records, none of Mr. Kay's donations totaled to $2,500 or
$1,250.  Mr. Kay also will not respond to interview requests.
The CSPP is, in part, still funded by the taxpayer.  The CSPP is
now helping the Clinton administration design the next
generation internet and getting paid to do it.  Obviously, many
of the CSPP members will benefit financially as each new
Internet contract is offered and they sell more equipment.
In 1998 CSPP lawyer C. Boyden Gray claimed that official Clinton
secret meetings began in November 1995.  Reinsch, however,
clearly wrote to Ron Brown about an earlier secret meeting in
June of 1995, when Tony Podesta employed Ken Kay and John
Podesta was charged with computer oversight policy.
The materials given to CSPP members at the White House on
encryption are considered so sensitive that they have no public
classification level such as secret or top secret.  The true
secrets of Clinton's encryption policy involve hidden back doors
and exploitable features built into computer products.  The
secrets given to CSPP members involved classified means of
electronic surveillance to be built inside domestic products by
the manufacturers.
The Clinton administration offered billions of tax dollars as
incentive to bug every fax, phone and computer built.  Clinton
offered military chip designs backed by decades of cold war
research.  The CSPP was given access to military algorithms and
taxpayer funded programs as incentives to adopt a secret
"back-door" concept for computers and communications.  William
Reinsch, John Podesta, Ken Kay and the DNC all refuse to comment
on Bill Clinton's secret project to bug America and the world.
William Reinsch & CSPP Source Document index -
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR               softwar
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
SOFTWAR EMAIL NEWSLETTER                            10/27/1998
***  to unsubscribe reply with "unsubscribe" as subject    ***
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-28 05:39:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the ForegoneAlternative 
At 12:38 PM -0500 on 10/27/98, Steve Bellovin wrote on dbs:
Cryptographer ~== Libertarian, certainly. Much less Anarchist.
I like to joke that David Chaum is a liberal statist with a privacy fetish.
PRZ was, too, but, after his bout with a certain kangaroo court prosecutor,
I bet he isn't so liberal anymore. :-)
Crypto *is*, however, a liberty/anarchy magnet. It certainly changed my
thinking about a whole lot of things, including how the state will collapse,
someday, in a giant paroxysm of technological determinism. ;-).
Dragging this back to the topic of the DBS list itself (and, frankly, the
topic is a subset of the cryptography list, too, and lots of others,), the
paradox of financial cryptography, and, more specifically, digital bearer
settlement, is not that it gives you privacy and freedom (anarchy? :-)),
it's because it gives you *cheaper* transactions. Transactions which just
happen to be anonymous.  You don't *have* to keep records in the normal
course of business in order to keep your transactions from unraveling at
some later date.
You can monitor your own business operations, certainly.  But you're not
*forced* to, by some, um, regional monopoly. That's attractive. To lots of
economic actors, besides terrorists, drug dealers, pedophiles and money
launderers. :-). To machines, for instance, but also to actors in  markets
which are, as they say in economics, perfectly competitive, where things
are sold like commodities are.
This is opposed to so-called monopolistic competition, where all of a
company's products are branded as much as possible. McDonald's versus Burger
King is a good example of monopolistic competition. McDonald's doesn't make
something *exactly* like a Whopper, for instance, if they did, they'd be sued
for copyright violation, or even patent enfringement, though they do make
branded, and patented, almost-substitutes. Coke and Pepsi are the same kinds
of thing. Except for the Secret Coke Formula, of course. :-).
But, stuff like soybeans, or switched bits on a wire, or copies of Linux, or
cash, or debt, or even equity in the portfolio aggregate like a stock index,
are not *branded*, they're *graded*.
Every item in a perfectly competitive market is perfectly substitutable with
any other item in that market.  If you're trading graded commodities, you
don't *care* who you're doing business with. You care about what they're
selling you. And it's something which you can verify the quality of on an
independent basis. Those grades are certified by someone with a reputation,
of course, but even those reputations are graded to the extent that they're
priced in a market somewhere. A NYSE seat, for instance, has a price on it,
and I think internet product-certifying reputations will too, someday.
That's what a digital bearer underwriter is, when you think about it.
I think, over time, that Moore's law and a geodesic internetwork gives us
increasingly perfect, and not monopolistic, competition, and, in practically
every market you can imagine. Graded surgical instructions, say.
And to bring up that paroxysm again, if you could convert teleoperated machine
instructions like surgery into graded, fungible, and cash-settled,
commodities, why not force, currently the product of that most monopolistic of
competitors, the nation-state?
Anyway, I think that these perfectly competitive markets will be the of
hallmark of a geodesic information economy, just like marketing and branding
and monopolistic competition are the hallmarks of a late-industrial,
hierarchically-organized, mass-media economy.
But, again, it is the reduced *cost* of those cryptographically-enabled
transactions which will drive everything else, and that is a logical outcome
of the technology of financial cryptography and digital bearer transactions.
The cost of anything is the foregone alternative.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-29 01:01:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: dbts: Cryptographic Dog Stocks, The Dirigible Biplane, and    Sending the Wizards Back to Menlo Park 
As Cheech & Chong said once, "YYYYYYerrrrrrr Busteeeeed!". :-).
It seems I forgot that nCipher is, after all, a manufacturing company.
They needed capital to manufacture stuff with, and they went out and got
great gory piles of venture capital to do it with, several rounds, in fact,
in the millions of dollars.
While nCipher seems to be the exception which proves my "venture capitalism
is quaintly industrial" assertion, and that, Microsoft, C2NET, and most
first-mover software / net firms, can do just fine without venture capital
as long as they provide things their customers want, the best "venture
capital" to be found in their customers' pocket, and all that, I do plead
guilty yer honor, yet again, to working without a net.
Oh, well. On the internet, the cost of error is bandwidth, same as it ever
was. Sometimes "ready, fire, aim" means losing a toe or two...
Of course, it's easy to see how, like machinery eventually became to land
in agriculture, the most valuable component in manufacturing won't be the
machines themselves, but the software and wetware required to run those
machines, someday, but that's a rant of a different color, if not a whole
'nother generation.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-29 04:41:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: CHAOSTAN 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: "A.C." Richard was a reporter for the US Army, in Germany, until recently.  I hope
I recall the correct branch of the military, Richard, that you served as a
reporter with.  Richard ran into a whole lot of trouble when he began to
expose some rather "controversial" things he saw, that involved US troops
in the former Yugoslavia.   See also the article below Richard's brief
missive, written by Richard Maybury, editor of EARLY WARNING report
newsletter.  It is probably one of the best written essays on the subject
of our now universal dillema.  Maybury's handle on history makes it all the
more credible, especially as he shows the parallels with the present.  AC
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-29 04:31:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Microsoft Enters Smart Card Market 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  New York Times
October 28, 1998
Microsoft Enters Smart Card Market
By BLOOMBERG NEWS
PARIS -- The Microsoft Corporation introduced a tiny
computer-operating system for smart cards Tuesday as well as
support for the system from 20 hardware makers.
Smart cards contain microchips that store personal or financial data,
allowing access while securing the information from unauthorized use.
They are already used widely in Europe in digital mobile phones,
pre-paid telephone cards and bank cards.
Microsoft is betting that smart cards will take off as the growing use of
hand-held computer devices and electronic commerce creates demand
for more secure ways of accessing computer networks. The company,
which is based in Redmond, Wash., is competing against Sun
Microsystems Inc. in the smart-card market, pitting its Windows system
against Sun's Java programming language.
"We brought back our work on smart cards a year-and-a-half ago when
we saw increasing demand for authentication of a user's identity to access
a network and an explosion in demand for on-line electronic commerce,"
said Craig Mundie, senior vice president for consumer platforms at
He presented the new product at the Cartes 98 Smart Card conference
in Paris. He said test versions of the product would be ready in the first
quarter of next year and the final product by mid-year.
The Windows operating system for smart cards will have memory
capacity of 4.5 kilobytes, compared with 300 kilobytes for Windows
CE, which is used in hand-held computers.
Windows cards will cost issuers about $3 each, compared with $20 for
Java-based cards.
Sun officials could not immediately be reached for comment.
The worldwide market for chip cards will jump nearly fivefold, to $6.8
billion, in 2002, from $1.4 billion in 1997, according to Dataquest Inc., a
unit of Gartner Group Inc.
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-29 13:14:08
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Commerce FOIA Fails - Department Orders New Search 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: softwar (CharlesSmith)
Softwar is pleased to announce the successful challenge and appeal
of a failed U.S. Commerce Department Freedom of Information request.
On Oct. 13, 1998 the Commerce Department returned materials responsive
to a request on the Computer Systems Policy Project or CSPP.  The
material returned included a note from the Commerce Department stating
that this was the "final" and "complete" response.
However, the Commerce Department did not include several documents
previously obtained from both Commerce and the National Security
Council (NSC) on the CSPP.  Thus, the Commerce Department response
was neither "final" nor "complete.
Commerce officials who reviewed the Softwar appeal have agreed the
search was incomplete and did violate the Freedom of Information Act.
Commerce officials have notified me that they are now ordering the
entire agency re-do the search.
In fact, all materials from 1994 and 1995 on the CSPP were missing
from the Commerce response, including public domain reports written
by the CSPP.  The public domain reports were discovered in a previous
unrelated FOIA search of Ron Brown's files.  The 1994 and 1995 reports
included the name and address of Podesta Associates as the official
contact for CSPP.
In 1995 Bill Reinsch wrote a memo to Ron Brown detailing a secret
meeting with the CSPP, a group of computer CEOs, consisting of Apple,
AT&T, Compaq, Cray, Silicon Graphics, Digital Equipment
Corporation, Tandem, Sun and Unisys.
You can see parts of that secret meeting memo at
In 1995 the CSPP lobby group was led by Ken Kay, an employee of
Tony Podesta, the brother of White House advisor John Podesta.
In 1995, John Podesta worked at the White House running encryption
and super computer policy.  During the same period of time, the
CSPP and Clinton officials began holding a series of classified
briefings on encryption and super computer export policy.  Part of
the classified materials given to CSPP members included secret
designs for software and hardware products containing "back-doors"
to allow unrestricted monitoring by the government.
John Podesta is now Clinton's Chief of Staff.
FOIA appeal as follows -
7707 Whirlaway Drive
Midlothian, VA  23112
October 16, 1998
ASSISTANT GENERAL COUNSEL FOR ADMINISTRATION
ROOM 5898-C
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
14TH AND CONSTITUTION AVE. N.W.
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20230
RE:  FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT APPEAL - CRRIF 98-166
Dear Sir/Madam:
Pursuant to the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552, and to the
regulations of the Commerce Department, CDR (citation to departmental
regulations, obtainable from committee print index), I hereby appeal
the Commerce Department denial of my FOIA request dated February 10,
1998 for all information on "the Computer Systems Policy Project
(CSPP)"  (Please see example  - FOIA request of February 10,
1.  The Commerce Department denial stated in the reply dated, October
13, 1998, that it has completed all searches and returned the "FINAL
response" for the FOIA request dated February 10, 1998 for all
information on "the Computer Systems Policy Project (CSPP)".
(Please see example  Commerce response dated Oct. 13, 1998).
The Commerce Department statement that it has completed all searches
and returned a "FINAL" result is incorrect because responsive
documents from the Commerce Department were NOT RETURNED.
2.  Several U.S. Commerce Department documents previously obtained
through the Freedom of Information Act were NOT returned by the Commerce
Department in response to the specific FOIA request dated February 10,
1998 for all information on "the Computer Systems Policy Project (CSPP)".
3.  I have attached part of one such example, two pages from a U.S.
Commerce Department memo for Secretary Ron Brown   This document is
clearly responsive to my FOIA request of Feb. 10, 1998 because the
subject material is a meeting between the Secretary of the Commerce
and CSPP members.  (Please see example  Memo from William Reinsch
to Ron Brown dated June 1, 1995 - CSPP MEETING).
4.  I have obtained several responsive documents that are sourced
from the U.S. Commerce Department and were NOT discovered nor returned
by the Department.  The document cited in item  above is only a single
5.  The Commerce Department has performed an INCOMPLETE search and
is in violation of the Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC 552.  The
Commerce Department has not complied with the Freedom of Information
Act, 5 USC 552, because it is unable or unwilling to perform complete
FOIA requests.
Please reply by November 10, 1998.  If the appeal is denied, please
specify the section of the Freedom of Information Act which is being
relied on as a legal basis for the denial.
Thank you.
Charles R. Smith
1 if by land, 2 if by sea.  Paul Revere - encryption 1775
Charles R. Smith
SOFTWAR               softwar
Pcyphered SIGNATURE:
SOFTWAR EMAIL NEWSLETTER                            10/28/1998
***  to unsubscribe reply with "unsubscribe" as subject    ***
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-29 23:16:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: A nationhood under seige: Is the nation obsolete? 
Holy shit. The Fourth Estate figures it out.
Of course, the answer to the question, "Omigawd! There's gonna be no
nation-states, dude!", is, the same answer to the question "Egad! The
Church has no more earthly power!"
Which is, "So?".
Mort a le infame, as Voltaire used to say...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Delivered-To: ignition-point
Organization: Unknown Organization
Precedence: list
Reply-To: Richard Sampson A nationhood under seige: For 350 years, the world has been governed by
the pri
A nationhood under seige: For 350 years, the world has been governed by
the principle of national sovereignty, but the new global economy
respects no national borders, laws, or interests. Is the nation
Three and a half centuries after the nations of the world won the power
of self-rule, a new force has come along to erode that power and
undermine the democratic rights of their citizens.
That force is the global economy, which is relocating the economic
decisions that frame the lives of citizens far beyond the reach of the
voters and their voice.
There's a sort of cruel historical irony here, that at the very moment
when liberal democracy has finally triumphed over all rival systems of
government, the power of markets - the other half of the post-Cold War
triumph - has come along to leech that democracy of much of its
This weekend is the 350th anniversary of the Peace of Westphalia, a
treaty signed in 1648 by the Holy Roman Empire with France and Sweden
and, especially, with the princes of the various German principalities.
This treaty not only ended the Thirty Years' War, but also severely
limited the ability of the Empire and the church of Rome to intervene
in the affairs of the German principalities.
In other words, Westphalia proclaimed the sovereignty of the
principalities, the right of the princes to rule their territories
without outside interference.
This idea of sovereignty has echoed down the three and a half centuries
since then and is the basis both of self-government and of
international relations.
Considering all the massacres, pogroms, persecutions, gulags and
holocausts of the past 350 years, this principle of sovereignty leaves
something to be desired. But it's what we have, the magnetic pole of
the international system.
More important for those lucky enough to live in democracies,
Westphalia is the basis of democratic self-rule, the idea that the
average citizen has a say in the decisions that affects his or her
life. Somebody else may make the decisions, but citizens have the right
to cast their votes and state their opinions, confident that these vote
and opinions will be heard by the decisionmaker who, one way or
another, must pay attention.
It's this right and this confidence that are vanishing in the face of
the global economy, which is the one really new thing under the sun.
The reason is that democracy is national and so are its institutions.
Governments are national and their power to make and enforce laws is
national. The power of the vote is felt at national levels, but not
But the nation-based industrial economy that underwrote the growth of
democracy is being replaced by a global economy, powered by global
capital markets and global communications, answering to the needs and
demands of global corporations and investors who can and do ignore
In short, an extremely important part of public life _ the economy _ is
going global in a way that politics and government have not, and so is
moving beyond any kind of democratic control.
As Americans and the rest of the world have learned in the past year,
impersonal global markets can and do cast instant judgments on entire
societies, dictate the spending decisions of government and unravel the
social contracts that used to bind corporations with their employees
and their societies.
Peter Drucker, the founder of modern management, has written that we
are in an ''age of social transformation,'' one of those historical
eras that happen ''every few hundred years,'' when, ''within a few
short decades, society rearranges itself _ its worldview; its basic
values: its social and political structure: its arts: its key
Such transformations, like the global economy itself, are not innately
evil forces. Instead, they are amoral but immensely powerful movements
that change civilizations. But all such movements are created by humans
and potentially controllable by humans, for good or for ill.
A century after the Industrial Revolution, societies tamed the economic
forces generated by this revolution and turned them into the market
democracy that enhanced the past 50 years of Western history. No such
taming of the Global Revolution _ or even a debate on how to do it _
has begun yet.
The old economy was built on a national consensus that economies exist
for societies, not the other way around. Over the past half-century,
the democracies created social markets _ capitalist structures that
insisted the companies share the cost of citizenship.
Tax laws required companies to pay their fair share to the places where
they made their money. Other laws gave rights to unions, protected
worker safety and the environment, and mandated good health and pension
plans. Companies accepted these laws, however grudgingly, if only
because it cost them no competitive edge: all their rivals, subject to
the same laws, faced the same costs.
Now, not only capital markets have escaped into cyberspace, beyond the
reach of national regulations. There are about 50,000 global
corporations who see the globe as a single market and ignore national
borders and regulations.
These are no longer multinationals, with most of their operations in
one country but with a few foreign branches. The global economy is
being driven by global corporations who see the globe as a unit. They
have their headquarters in one country, research and development in
others, accounting in still another, manufacturing scattered across the
world, with sales wherever there are customers.
These companies have gone global because, with the advent of global
communications, they can. But in the process, they have left behind
their old home and its laws.
Too often, companies now pay taxes and wages where the rates are lowest
and the laws loosest. In many countries, environmental or benefits
regulations are nonexistent. Many other countries are willing to waive
them for companies that will invest there.
In this atmosphere, businesses argue they can no longer afford the
social costs imposed on them by society, when their rivals may be
operating halfway around the world, in a place where the average wage
is $1 per day and environmental laws don't exist. Either, they say,
they must be allowed to break the social contract, busting unions and
negotiating easier regulations and dumping health and pension plans, or
they must go abroad themselves.
Often they do both. Good jobs go away and the ones that are left
somehow pay less, are more unstable and are less likely to come
equipped with pension or health plans.
Wolfgang Reinicke, a senior economist at the World Bank, has written
that this is an attack on ''internal sovereignty,'' the ability of an
elected government to really govern.
The laws remain intact, but the ability to enforce them disappears.
Government exists but its effectiveness and efficiency are eroded. The
economy rolls on, but the public's ability to insist that it benefit
society is eroded. Elections are held and votes counted, but the power
of that vote to promote particular policies wobbles and wanes.
The economic rights won by citizens over the centuries, from collective
bargaining to decent wages to job stability to pensions, often
depending on the power of national governments to enforce them. As this
power withers, so do the rights.
Small wonder that government is held in such low esteem these days and
politics derided. A government that cannot enforce its own laws is a
government fit only for scandals and other sideshows. The main event is
going on somewhere else, and neither Washington nor its subjects knows
where it is.
There oughta be a law, a global one replacing the national laws and
bringing this economy back under democratic control. In fact, there are
laws, lots of them, with more being written every day, but the voters
aren't being asked to help write them.
Around the world, bureaucrats, experts, lawyers and lobbyists are
writing a new web of global regulations, on stock markets, accounting,
banking, investment, even auto safety and drug trials. These talks
aren't exactly secret but the government isn't going out of its way to
publicize them. They are highly technical and, frankly, pretty boring.
But they're important. They're writing the rule book for the 21st
Century. New global tax laws haven't been written yet, and
environmental or labor regulations are barely a gleam in a bureaucrat's
eye. But they'll be written someday, if only because the global economy
otherwise will be a jungle.
But when they are written, they'll look a lot like the regulations
already framed. That is, they will be technical exercises, focused on
efficiency and the well-being of corporations, not on democracy or the
public health.
Nations and corporations have different interests. Nations want to
raise the living standards of their citizens, while corporations want
to raise their profits. The glory of the past 50 years rests on the
creation of the social market, with the drive of capitalism tempered by
the needs of society, enabling both to thrive.
This 20th-Century thrust has focused on the rights of citizens, as
individuals or as classes. The new rule-making focuses on the safety
and efficiency of markets and corporations. They are making the world
more secure and predictable for investment and trade, which is vital
for the creation of an honest market. But it caters to the needs of
global actors, not the folks at home.
De-regulation nationally is being replaced with re-regulation globally.
But in the process, governments are giving away power from national
bodies to global institutions. But governments exist by democratic
sufferance. These global bodies do not.
The growth of the global economy requires global governance. But
increasingly, as Reinicke has written, this is turning into
''governance without government,'' public functions wielded by bodies
with no public control.
Pat Buchanan, the commentator and onetime presidential candidate, has
called for a ''new economic nationalism'' that, essentially, calls for
derailing the global economy with barriers on trade, limits on
immigration and an all-around isolationism that, apart from its basic
selfishness, is a national solution to a global problem and, hence,
The right answer is to recognize that the global economy exists and
won't go away, and to tame and temper it with a new social market,
composed of new laws and rules in which the public, for a change, has a
voice. For a start, the government should never negotiate new global
rules that supersede national rules without making a sort of democratic
impact statement on what this will mean to the rights of citizens.
This is a ''new economic internationalism'' in which American
democratic institutions would cooperate with the democratic
institutions of other countries to recapture the sovereignty of both.
(This is an adaptation of the Richard W. Leopold Annual Lecture that
R.C. Longworth, a Chicago Tribune senior writer, delivered at
Northwestern University this month.)
KRT PERSPECTIVE is a forum for essays by staff writers from
contributing papers.
(c) 1998, Chicago Tribune.
Visit the Chicago Tribune on America Online (keyword: Tribune) or the
Internet Tribune at Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Information Services.
AP-NY-10-28-98 0611EST<   -0-
By R.C. Longworth
Chicago Tribune
News provided by COMTEX.
[!COMMUNITY] [!FINANCE] [!WALL+STREET] [ACCOUNTING] [BANKING] [BOOK]
[CONTRACT] [DEMOCRACY] [ECONOMY] [ENVIRONMENT] [FRANCE] [GOVERNMENT]
[HEALTH] [IMMIGRATION] [INVESTMENT] [KNS] [LABOR] [MANUFACTURING]
[MARKET] [MONEY] [NEWS] [NEWSGRID] [POLITICS] [RATES] [REGULATIONS]
[RESEARCH] [SALES] [STANDARDS] [SWEDEN] [TAXES] [TRADE] [TREATY]
[UNIONS] [USA] [WAR] [WASHINGTON] [WORLD+BANK]
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-30 02:21:51
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Interesting Articles...  Micro jet engine for Wearable power? 
Resent-Date: Thu, 29 Oct 1998 12:03:26 -0500
Organization: Scientific-Atlanta
Sender: phardie
Resent-From: wear-hard
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/5435
X-Loop: wear-hard
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: wear-hard-request
But that annoying roar and jet of flame.....
Pete Hardie                   |   Goalie, DVSG Dart Team
Scientific Atlanta            |
Digital Video Services Group  |
Subcription/unsubscription/info requests: send e-mail with subject of
"subscribe", "unsubscribe", or "info" to wear-hard-request
Wear-Hard Mailing List Archive (searchable): --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-31 10:26:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hayek Web Page URL Notice 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research You may find the Friedrich Hayek Web Page of interest,
on the web at:
        The Friedrich
Hayek Scholars' Page
The Hayek Page includes links to articles by Hayek,
interviews with Hayek, articles on Hayek available
on the internet, Hayek's complete bibliography,
the register of Hayek's collected papers, quotes
on Hayek, quotes by Hayek, the Nobel press release
announcing Hayek's Nobel Prize, a fact file on
Hayek, and a bibliography of writings on Hayek, among
many other resources.
The Hayek Page also includes links to the Hayek-L
email list searchable Electronic Archive, as well as links
to the Hayek-L guidelines for posting, and to the
Listserv commands for changing the setting to your
Hayek-L subscription -- including instructions for joining
the Hayek-L email list.
Please feel welcome to forward along this message
to other email lists and individuals where appropriate.
For further information contact:
Greg Ransom
Dept. of Social Science
MiraCosta College
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-10-31 11:40:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [RRE]The Return of Antimasonism in American Political Life 
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: Conspiracy and Reason:
The Return of Antimasonism in American Political Life
Phil Agre
(I wrote this back in the spring, but it seems even more relevant now.)
When going to the movies, my favorite part is afterward, walking back
out into the world, seeing everything through the prism of the movie.
After seeing Terry Gilliam's bizarre "12 Monkeys", for example, I drove
across San Diego in the grip of a delusion that I was Bruce Willis,
warning Cassandra-like about a catastophe that nobody wanted to hear
about.  Of course it didn't make sense.  Am I really warning anyone
about a catastrophe?  Is nobody really listening?  But that's how it
felt for a good couple of hours.
I got that feeling again this afternoon.  For the last few months,
in amongst my official duties, I have been reading the literature on
apocalytic social movements.  I was originally inspired in this by David
Noble's book "The Religion of Technology".  Noble observes, for example,
that many of the important early engineers, particularly in the United
States, were Masons, and he describes the development of a particular
kind of millennialism -- or at least a secularized form of religious
utopianism -- among engineers that became secularized and formed the
outlines of technical movements such as artificial intelligence and --
he might as well have added -- cyberspace.
As part of this reading campaign, earlier this week I read large parts
of Robert Fuller's "Naming the Antichrist", which is a history of social
movements in the United States that, from earliest colonial times to
the present, have claimed to identify the Antichrist that is mentioned
briefly in the visionary books of the Bible.  In reading Fuller's book,
all at once it occurred to me that the ongoing tidal wave of accusations
and innuendoes against Bill Clinton and his entire generation resemble
nothing so much as Antimasonism.  The similarities are most striking:
both involve attempts to foment hatred by ordinary people against their
slightly better-off and more cosmopolitan fellow citizens by implicating
them in an enormous Conspiracy.  Even the fine details of the
accusations are similar: in each case, for example, the conspirators
are said to undermine religion and promote decadence through the public
schools.  This analogy impressed me for a while, but then I cooled down.
Even when an analogy is instructive, one should determine its limits.
After all, nobody is claiming that Bill Clinton is mounting his vast
campaign of murder, drug dealing, treason, and bank fraud on behalf of
the Illuminati, right?  And with that thought I filed the whole thing in
my notebook.  That was Tuesday.
This afternoon, Friday, I happened to pass through a Barnes and Noble in
Costa Mesa, California.  I was there because the bookstore has a public
restroom and is on the way to the most excellent El Toro Bravo taco
stand, which does not.  Briefly inspecting the "New Non-Fiction Books"
shelves as is my custom, I noticed a new book by Tony Brown.  Its title,
"Empower the People", was not so promising, given that I've already
read quite a few books by conservative authors about how the free market
empowers people to make choices etc etc etc.  Yet something poked at
me to look closer, and I saw the subtitle: "A 7-Step Plan to Overthrow
the Conspiracy That Is Stealing Your Money and Freedom".  I opened the
book and found to my utter slack-jawed amazement that it described none
other than the great Conspiracy by the Illuminati, led by Bill Clinton.
I am not making this up.
Now, if the author of this book were a fringe crazy then it would only
be mildly odd to find the book in Barnes and Noble.  Just the other
day I sat on the floor in the Barnes and Noble at Pico and Westwood
in Los Angeles and read large parts of a well-produced volume entitled
"A Woman Rides the Beast" by Dave Hunt, which argues that the woman
seen riding on the back of the Beast in the Book of Revelation is
none other than the Virgin Mary as she is worshipped in the Catholic
Church.  (This is part of a resurgence of anti-Catholicism among some
American evangelical Protestants that deserves much more attention
than it has gotten -- see, for example, Michael W. Smith singing on a
recent record, amidst a lamentation of various sins, of people who are
"jaded by hypocrisies behind cathedral walls").  This is the sort of
fringe weirdness that is easy to write off.  But the author of "Empower
the People", Tony Brown, is not a marginal crazy.  I hate to be the one
to break this to you, but the United States is now a country in which a
man who believes that the President is an agent of the Illuminati has a
regular program on public television.
What are we to make of this?  Several things.  First, in the astonishing
climate of political warfare now under way in the United States, when
the speaker of the House insinuates in a speech at Stanford University
that the President is systematically killing his enemies (NY Times
5/3/98) and nobody finds this even slightly odd, we have to confront
the fact that in the late 18th century, during the formative decades of
the political culture of the United States, this country was positively
addled by conspiracy theories.  These theories were not prominent in
the writings of the educated secular elites who officially founded
the country.  But the rank and file of the Revolution were animated in
large part (though not, of course, solely) by elaborate claims to have
located the Antichrist in the crown and church of England, and in their
adherents in America.
Nor the American cultural inclination to conspiracy theories end
with the Constitution.  As the new country fought its first round of
political conflicts, the theories suddenly shifted their attention --
to the Masons.  This happened precisely 200 years ago, in fact, in 1798,
when the first tracts appeared describing the great Conspiracy of the
Illuminati, a subgroup of the Masons from Bavaria.  After smouldering
for several years, opposition to this Conspiracy became a substantial
social movement beginning around 1830 in the "burned-over district"
of upstate New York, so-called because of the waves of evangelical
religious enthusiasm that had swept over the area.  (Madison probably
had an earlier wave of revivals, the First Great Awakening, in mind
when he expressed relief in the famous tenth Federalist Paper that
social movements that rise up in one part of the country, particularly
religious movements that devolve into political ones, cannot easily
spread to other areas.)  The Antimasonic movement became a political
party which contested several elections before collapsing a decade
You will recall that many early American engineers were Masons, as were
many of the Founding Fathers.  But who exactly were the Masons?  The
Masons originated as a medieval guild, but during the period in question
they were a semi-secret society of white men who constituted themselves
on classical Greek and Roman models as the intellectual elites of
their respective countries.  In this sense, Antimasonism was very much
a revolt against educated people.  That it was also a revolt against
the same people who founded the country was, so far as I can determine,
little-noted at the time.
It is often observed that cultural patterns are able to go underground
for decades or centuries, only to spring fully-formed to the surface
once again, as if they were brand new, when the time is right.  And
that, I would suggest, is what's happening now.  If this were the late
18th century, white men who rose through education from relatively poor
backgrounds -- men such as Bill Clinton -- would be spinning classical
political philosophies and writing the Constitution, and conservative
evangelical ministers would be spinning conspiracy theories and opposing
the Constitution on the grounds that (quite the opposite of what many
such ministers say today) it does not create a Christian nation.  The
vigorous but ideologically vague patriotism of the contemporary anti-
government movement likewise corresponds to the equally vague ideas of
the 18th century conspiracy theorists.
In drawing out these parallels, I am particularly struck by the place
of technology in American political culture.  The early engineers --
the men who founded the country's original technological institutions

@_date: 1998-11-02 07:34:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: H-WEB: De Long on Scott, Planning & Hayek 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research Status: U
J. Bradford De Long, "Not Seeing One's Intellectual Parents"
On the Web at:
"There is a lot that is excellent in James Scott's _Seeing Like a State_.  It
begins with a romp through eighteenth- and nineteenth-century German
forestry--and the failure of the foresters to understand the ecology of the
forests that they were trying to manage.  It continues with a brief digression
on how states tried to gain control of their populations through maps,
boulevards, and names.  These are prequels to a vicious and effective critique
of what Scott calls "high modernism": the belief that the planner--whether Le
Corbusier designing a city, Vladimir Lenin designing a planned economy, or
Julius Nyerere "villagizing" the people of Tanzania--knows best, and can move
humans and their lives around on as if on a chessboard to create utopia.
Then the focus appears to waiver.  There is a chapter on agriculture in
developing economies that characterizes agricultural extension efforts from
the first to the third world as analogous to Lenin's nationalization of
industry, or Nyerere's forced resettlement of Tanzanians.  But the targets --
the agricultural extenders who dismiss established practices -- lose solidity
and become shadows. They are no longer living, breathing, powerful rulers,;
instead they are the "credo of American agriculture," the "catechism of high-
modernist agriculture," the "high-modernist aesthetic and ideology of most
colonial trained agronomists and their Western-trained successors" -- truly
straw men.
The conclusion is a call for social systems that recognize the importance of
what Scott calls "metis": a Greek word for the practical knowledge that a
skilled and experienced worker has of his craft.  Most such practical
knowledge cannot be easily summarized and simple rules, and much of it remains
implicit: the devil is in the details. T he key fault of "high modernism," as
Scott understands it, is its belief that details don't matter -- that planners
can decree from on high, people obey, and utopia result.
Well before the end of the book an economist is struck by a strong sense of
deja vu. Scott's declarations of the importance of the detailed practical
knowledge possessed by the person-on-the-spot -- of how such knowledge cannot
be transmitted up any hierarchy to those-in-charge in a way to do any good--of
how the locus of decision-making must remain with those who have the craft to
understand the situation--of how any system that functions at all must create
and maintain a space in which there is sufficient flexibility for craftsmen to
exercise their metis (even if the hierarchs of the system pretend not to
notice this flexibility)--all of these strike an economist as very, very
All of these seem familiar to economists because they are the points made by
Ludwig von Mises (1920) and Friedrich Hayek (1937) and the other Austrian
economists in their pre-World War II debate with socialists over the
possibility of central planning.  Hayek's adversaries--Oskar Lange and
company--argued that a market system had to be inferior to a centrally-planned
system: at the very least, a centrally-planned economy could set up internal
decision-making procedures that would mimic the market, and the central
planners could also adjust things to increase social welfare and account for
external effects in a way that a market system could never do.  Hayek, in
response, argued that the functionaries of a central-planning board could
never succeed, because they could never create both the incentives and the
flexibility for the people-on-the-spot to exercise what Scott calls metis.
Today all economists--even those who are very hostile to Hayek's other
arguments (that government regulation of the money supply lies at the root of
the business cycle, that political attempts to reduce inequalities in the
distribution of income lead to totalitarianism, that the competitive market is
the "natural spontaneous order" of human society) -- agree that Hayek and
company hit this particular nail squarely on the head.  Looking back at the
seventy-year trajectory of Communism, it seems very clear that Hayek (and
Scott) are right: that its principal flaw is its attempt to concentrate
knowledge, authority, and decision-making power at the center rather than
pushing the power to act, the freedom to do so, and the incentive to act
productively out to the periphery where the people-on-the-spot have the local
knowledge to act effectively.
In short, by the end of his book James Scott has argued himself into the
intellectual positions adopted by Friedrich Hayek back before World War II.
Yet throughout the book Scott appears to be ignorant that the intellectual
terrain which he has reached has already been well-explored.
This is quite distressing ... "
J. Bradford De Long, "Not Seeing One's Intellectual Parents".  Review of
James Scott (1998), _Seeing Like a State: How Certain Schemes to Improve the
Human Condition Have Failed_. (New Haven: Yale University Press).   7/4/1998

@_date: 1998-11-02 23:33:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: No vulnerability known in SSH-1.2.26 
info coderpunks
Sender: owner-coderpunks
Precedence: bulk
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
As the original author of SSH I want to comment on the rumored
I have personally looked into the claimed vulnerabilities, including
the ones reported by IBM, and do not have any reason to assume that
there would be any vulnerability in ssh-1.2.26.  NO SUCH VULNERABILITY
IS KNOWN.
I repeat, I KNOW OF NO VULNERABILITY IN SSH-1.2.26.
The IBM-ERS report on ssh vulnerability turned out to be false alert.
They could not reproduce it after they recompiled their ssh and linux
I have personally checked all places where ssh displays debugging
messages, log messages, or otherwise uses functions like sprintf.  I
was unable to find any vulnerabilities.
I have talked to people at both CERT and the IBM emergency response
service and none of them seems to have any knowledge of any
vulnerability in SSH.
In summary, to my best knowledge, ssh-1.2.26 can be safely used.
Please communicate this information to the relevant people.
Brief history of events:
  - On October 28, the rootshell.com home page was defaced by
    hackers.  After the host was brought up to date, their front page
    contained information that listed the services that had been
    active, and mentioned that entry may have been made with ssh.
    (Note that this does not by itself indicate anything; password or
    other authentication may have been obtained at the other end)
  - On October 29, a message about the rootshell case is posted to
    bugtraq and possibly other mailing lists.  Many people took this
    as indication of a vulnerability in ssh.
  - We looked at the rootshell case, and found no cause for alarm, but
    decided to be watching.
  - On October 30, IBM sent an draft advisory reporting a buffer overflow
    vulnerability that could be used to gain root access to any host
    running ssh from anywhere on the Internet.  The draft advisory was
    sent to at least CERT, FIRST, ssh-bugs, and a few other places.
  - On october 30, several major computer manufacturers and their
    offices around the world were advising their customers to follow
    the situation, and possibly disable ssh for now.  Some CERTs
    around the world issued preliminary alerts to their most important
    sites.
  - I learn of the IBM advisory on October 31 at 2 AM.  By 6 AM I've
    talked to both CERT and IBM Emergency Response Team, checked the
    code claimed to be at fault (finding no problem), and no-one seems
    to have any concrete information, and we conclude there is no
    cause for immediate alarm.
  - By November 1, the IBM researchers who found the vulnerability in
    the IBM draft advisory have been reached.  One of them says he
    never saw an exploit, and the other first said he had an exploit
    and he was going to send it over shortly, and the next day he said
    that he could no longer reproduce the problem after recompiling
    ssh.  He does not appear to have an exploit after all.
  - I've personally gone through all places where ssh1 passes
    information to sprintf, log_msg, or any other functions using
    sprintf.  I found no security problems.  I found one place where
    an argument to a format string was missing, but it is probably not
    exploitable, and one place where one byte less was allocated for a
    string than was used (only appears on Solaris).  Neither of these
    have security consequences or are cause for alarm.
  - On November 1, the IBM announcement for which IBM has already issued
    a cancellation is widely distributed by rootshell through their
    announcement list.
  - Now at Morning November 2, I'm convinced (>99% sure) that both
    the rootshell issue and the IBM draft advisory were false alerts.
We are also trying to track down the linux compilation problem that
may have caused the false alert behind the IBM advisory.  We will
issue an announcement as soon as possible if real vulnerability is
For more information, please keep tracking
Best regards,
    Tatu Ylonen

@_date: 1998-11-03 08:15:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: dbts: Lions and TEMPESTs and Black Helicopters (Oh, My!) 
At 1:24 PM -0500 on 11/2/98, Mr. Motyka vamps on Mr. May in cypherpunks:
Naaa It's not so bad as all that...
Remember, fairly soon now, if not already, we'll be storing *lots* of
encrypted data on our disks, not only in the form of encrypted,
controlled-play software, or proprietary company information, or infotainment
(however long *that* lasts), but also in the form of encrypted passwords,
private keys, and, of course, digital bearer certificates ;-).
In addition, every time you do a book-entry transaction, you're perforce
(heh...) using an encrypted link with at least SSL, and, at some point, people
will demand much cheaper and faster internet-level encryption ala IPSEC to
move their money (and their other bits worth money) around. Or they'll be
required to by their employers in various VPN/WAN systems. Or, frankly,
they'll just do it without knowing it anyway, because their TCP/IP apps will
be IPV6 (or something) compliant.
Everyone here who does this stuff for a living knows that the amount of
horsepower necessary to decrypt all those different kinds of encrypted stuff,
even the weak stuff, is going to be positively prohibitive (instead of
permitted? ;-)), since it all has different keys, lots of which are long gone.
IPSEC keys, for instance, are positively disposable, and, if it's done right

@_date: 1998-11-03 21:56:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: dbts: Lions and TEMPESTs and Black Helicopters (Oh, My!) 
At 11:04 PM -0500 on 11/2/98, Michael Motyka lobs a low, slow one, over the
Oh. That's easy. Check out the essay section of for a good prima facie underwriting model for digital bearer instruments,
expecially the model map.
Render unto FinCEN. No problem. Flatland can't reach the sky no matter how
hard they try. (hey. I'm rapping... pbbbt. tht. pbbbt. pbbbt. tht... :-))
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-04 23:05:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hayek and Foucault 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research      Clearly, Hayek's analysis of power & the state has been superseded
by a far more nuanced view.  But, just for old time's sake, I would like
to try arguing that Hayek's (and, in fact, the Old Whig/classical
liberal) perspective may still have something to offer us that these new
views, as explicated by Williams & Davis, don't seem to have.
     Please chalk up unrelated attempts to defend Hayek to my current
fascination with "pietas", now that I've finally figured out what my
Latin teacher meant by that.
     Perhaps I'm thinking about the wrong time horizon, but it seems to
me that the 170 million or so that were marched out to the killing fields
in this century might have had some not entirely irrelevant fears of the
"planning state".  Certainly, despite my understanding of the inherent
instability of the Total State, I thank God regularly that the US hasn't
yet gone through that awkward transition period between the birth of the
Total State & its demise.
     Foucault is probably correct that we are beyond the centralized
state.  But I can't help recalling to mind my re-reading the other night
of the first chapter of R. J. Rummel's _Death By Government_ in which he
details the numerous slaughters (most by centralized states) that have
occurred throughout history prior to the 20th century.  I hope very much
my pessimism about human nature will be disproven, but I think I'll keep
my eyes open just in case.
     Given all this I'm not quite sure what to make of Hayek's personal
efforts, like the Mont Pelerin Society, or of the rumours that Hayek's
writings have had & continue to have an influence on those suffering
under totalitarianism & looking for a sign of hope.
     To be sure, this may be very distant from the sort of participatory
politics that Foucault understands to be effective, but it seems unfair
to say that Hayek had no strategy of resistance at all.
     My own reading of Hayek is of a man who was (since roughly 1922)
engaged in a lifelong resistance against state power.  Admittedly, his
strategy may seem extremely subtle & long-term, but I might even go so
far as to claim that his strategy has already had some effectiveness in
its own small way... And that his intention was that its greatest impact
wouldn't hit until well after his death.
     One might even say that, in the context of a classical liberal
political discussion, the term "power" is short for "state power", (or,
perhaps, coercive power).
     It's probably just six of one, half dozen of another, as you imply.
Though it occurs to me that Rummel's particular concern about the state,
(that it will slaughter its citizens and whoever else comes under its
power), would be allayed in the situation described.  So in this
particular sense, (1) might be the most useful claim to be made.
     It further occurs to me that if Rummel is right, that a society in
which the rule of law is diffused & widely practiced will not kill its
citizens, then would could conjecture that such a society might even
afford more liberties than just to retain one's life.
     I think this is an excellent point.  Perhaps it's just taste, but
I'm a bit bothered by speaking of the political character of customs.
Certainly customs, (and non-state institutions, like the family &
friendship), have political implications, but to talk about their
political character seems to me to let politics eat too much up.  And I
think we've had quite enough of that.
Stephen W. Carson   "Premature optimization is the root of all evil" -Donald Knuth
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-04 23:12:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Praetoriani Novi 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Salt Lake City Tribune
IT'S CLASSIFIED: The Secret Service Will
Have a Hand In 2002 Security
BY GREG BURTON
THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE
A classified executive order signed by President Clinton during the summer
has altered the way the Secret Service prepares for security at national
a change already affecting the blueprint for the 2002 Winter Olympics.
Presidential protection, often a hectic, hodgepodge operation, has been the
jurisdiction of the Secret Service since John Wilkes Booth shot President
Lincoln. Now, the presidential directive orders the Secret Service to take an
active role in planning security for major national events, whether or not
presidents, vice presidents, ex-presidents, their spouses or other dignitaries
Called Presidential Decision Directive 62 (PDD 62), the order also
reportedly alters a range of national security considerations, although the
directive's internal hardware is top secret. PDDs, like executive orders,
do not
require the approval of Congress but come through the National Security
For Salt Lake City, PDD 62 means Secret Service agents already are
planning for the orchestration of executive ogling at the Winter Olympics
without knowing who the president of the United States will be or if that
person will attend.
At the 1996 Summer Games, when the same shadowy squad led
then-first-term Clinton through the magnolia trees in Atlanta, security
with the Secret Service did not begin preparing for the executive visit
until after
Olympic organizers and the FBI had completed their security plan.
``The public has this perception of the Secret Service as a strange
that rides in and rides out with black glasses on,'' says Dennis Crandall,
resident agent in charge of the Secret Service for Utah and Idaho. ``This is
kind of a new era for us.''
PDD 62 now enters a vault of classified security directives.
Among other PDDs is No. 29, issued in 1994, that established the Security
Policy Board, a secretive agency with authority over information systems'
security and safeguarding classified information. The National Security
has refused to release details of PDD 29.
PDD 62 likely will remain equally veiled.
``PDD 62 is not classified, but the contents are,'' says David M. Tubbs, the
recently appointed special agent in charge for the FBI's Utah, Idaho and
Montana command.
Says Crandall: ``Portions of it are still sensitive.''
According to several national security experts, the major event clause in
PDD 62 is an outgrowth of a perceived lack of security planning for the
president's visit to the Atlanta Games.
Because of PDD 62, the Secret Service has been involved nearly from the
onset of security planning for the 2002 Winter Games.
``We are designated to take a more aggressive upfront role in major
events,'' says Crandall. Currently, the FBI and the Secret Service are
hammering out a memorandum of understanding that clarifies the division of
labor between the two federal security teams in accordance with PDD 62.
The Secret Service's role -- although a topic that has reportedly led to turf
wars in Washington, D.C. -- has been welcomed by most Salt Lake City
organizers. Tubbs does not see their involvement as a threat to the FBI, the
lead federal security agency for the 2002 Olympics.
``I have not had a turf war with anyone. Period,'' says Tubbs, who was one
of several agents with direct security oversight during Atlanta. ``We are all
involved in the planning stages here, so what has happened in the past is
unimportant. What is important is what happens in 2002.''
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-05 05:37:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DigiCash Inc. to File Reorganization, Seeks Partners to Drive eCash Forward 
Reply-To: X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-Msmail-Priority: Normal
Importance: Normal
X-Mimeole: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: DigiCash Inc. to File Reorganization, Seeks Partners to Drive eCash Forward
PALO ALTO, CALIF.--November 4, 1998
DigiCash Inc. has announced that it is entering into a Chapter 11
reorganization to allow it to pursue strategic alternatives for its
electronic cash ("eCash" (tm)) products and the associated intellectual assets
pioneered by DigiCash.
According to Scott Loftesness, interim CEO of DigiCash, "The company is
exploring a range of potential alternatives including working with major
strategic players to finance the market development of eCash or the sale
and/or licensing of the Company's intellectual property portfolio."
Loftesness added, "eCash(tm), as it has been developed by DigiCash, is an
important and inevitable payment solution in the world of global electronic
The DigiCash payment solution is currently in use by leading banks in Europe
and Australia.  These banks have deployed the DigiCash eCash solution and
continue to add to their respective consumer and merchant eCash acceptance
DigiCash's eCash(tm) payment solution offers a secure, low cost and private
payment option to consumers for payments of any amount.  The intellectual
property owned by DigiCash consists of a series of patents, protocols, and
software systems that were specifically designed to be privacy protecting
for consumers and which also enable other applications like online
electronic voting.  The ability to pay privately, without revealing personal
information, and avoiding the capture of personal transaction information
for marketing or other subsequent uses is a growing concern among consumers
Contact: Scott Loftesness: (650) 798-8183 or via email: sjl
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-05 07:46:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DigiCash Inc. to File Reorganization, Seeks Partners to DriveeCash Forward 
Contrary to my own previous -- and painfully recent -- opinions on the matter,
Digicash, Inc., is, more or less, in play again, or it will be if there is
enough money chasing it. Whatever "enough" means.
Putting on my Gordon Gekko hat, here, I'm interested in finding out a few
things. Yes, I have seen the greater fool theory of the blind signature patent
operate more than a few times, but I am, nonetheless, driven to think about
this, and I might as well be public in my musing, at least for the time being.
For expenses of any new company, it should be pretty clear by now what I would
do with the DigiCash technology portfolio. I would put a real good
intellectual property lawyer on the payroll, keep the cryptographers who would
still consent to stick around, keep or improve whatever software test people
they have left, and do nothing but sell licenses and implementation
certifications, using the the underwiting model at
 as a roadmap.
For this imaginary company's revenue, aside from direct fees for validating a
developer's, and possibly an underwriter's, implementation of the protocol,
the trustee would be the only point of patent royalty collection and payment
from the underwriters and developers to the new patent holder.
As far as the current installed base is concerned, I would probably spin off a
company to support those customers, and give it a non-exclusive license as if
it were any other developer.
This assumes, of course, that DigiCash BV/Inc. didn't issue
exclusive-by-country licenses. While it appears on the surface that they have
done exactly this, I have been met with what seems like incredulity from
various DigiCash folks when I talk about it, so, for the time being, I'll take
them at their word when they tell me it isn't so. Actually, when I think about
it, it may be immaterial, as there are lots of countries on the internet to
park underwriters and trustees in, and they can denominate their bearer cash
instruments in any currency they want.
One way or another, the software side of DigiCash would be gone. We figure out
what the net present value is of the current licenses, and hope that a company
can be formed around that cashflow and spun off into a separate software
development company. If we're lucky, we make money on the spinoff and keep the
patent. If we're not lucky, DigiCash will probably have to get rid of it's
current obligations before *anyone* clueful would step in to pick up the
patents, and just the patents, alone.
Obviously, what has been spent so far building DigiCash, BV or Inc., is
immaterial to any discussion of the future. Just like what happened to Chaum,
et. al., when Negroponte and companies um, executed, the purchase of last
version of DigiCash, we have to completely forget the all the money which
has been spent on Digicash BV, now Digicash Inc., so far, and ignore the
howls of the current investors, as painful as that may be to listen to. :-).
They knew the job was dangerous when they took it, anyway...
Okay, that's a nice story. How about some actual data? I expect the best way
to get a handle of royalties is to start soliciting actual projected royalty
estimates from potential developers and underwriters, but, frankly, I think
that most developers and underwriters, like the rest of us, have no real idea
how much money they're going to make. Nonetheless, if anyone's interested in
telling me, offline, what they think they would would be fair royalty
payments, either as an underwriter or as a developer, I'd like to hear their
estimates. My PGP key is attached.
My own rule of thumb, for cash anyway, is that an underwriter can probably
charge no more than a bank charges to one of their non-customer ATM
transactions. That's probably no more than $3.00 a withdrawl. They also get to
keep the interest on the reserve account, if any, of course. Frankly, if the
royalties are low enough, that may be more than enough revenue to bootstrap a
business with, and   I would personally lobby for as low a royalty structure
as possible. That, of course, is driven entirely by the cost/revenue picture,
but it might be that a majority of the short-term operations can be
bootstrapped out of validation fees.
That leaves all the other potential markets for blind-signature macroscale
digital bearer settlement, everything from long-duration bandwidth purchases
for IP or voice dialtone on up to actual securities transactions themselves.
Most of these potential applications will occur after the patents expire,
but whoever owns these patents should allow not only licenses to all comers,
but, more to the point, should allow all *licensees* to worry about the
legal ramafications of the patents' use.
If a particular licensee can find a legal jurisdiction to offer utterly
anonymous digital bearer instruments backed by totally anonymous reserves,
then, as long as the licensee pays up, god bless 'em. The patents should be
licensed within the law, certainly, but, other than that, their use should be
considered value neutral, like all technology. As in all bearer markets
before them, the digital bearer trustee will be the point of maximum legal
compliance, and, as such, will be the functional "policeman" of the system.  I
leave the interesting solution of bearer-backed trustees for some other day,
probably after the patents have long expired.
Okay. There's lots more to talk about, of course, but I'm kind of tapped out
on this for the time being.
If you're an intellectual property lawyer, and you fancy yourself running the
DigiCash patent portfolio, contact me directly. I'm not sure exactly what I
can do, if anything, but I'd be very interested to hear your thoughts on this,
as the potential core person of this as yet imaginary enterprize, up to, and
including what it would cost for you to sign on for this much fun as at least
in-house counsel, if not the actual CEO. :-).
In addition, if someone has a reasonable non-proprietary(!) estimate of the
projected revenues on all those outstanding ecash contracts, that would be
nice to know as well. The terms of those contracts, are, of course, probably
unknowable at the moment, at least until someone has enough known scratch to
belly up to the table, sign an NDA and take a peek. Of course, then they
couldn't tell us anything anyway...
Isn't this fun?
Bob Hettinga
Here are my PGP keys, for them as want 'em:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGP for Personal Privacy 5.5.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: PGP for Personal Privacy 5.5.5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-05 08:00:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: dbts: Privacy Fetishes, Perfect Competition, and the Foregone(fwd) 
At 6:01 PM -0500 on 11/4/98, Jim Choate wrote, from the bowels of my killfile:
A government is just another economic actor. A very large economic actor
with lots of guns and a monopoly on force, but an economic actor
Reality is not optional.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-05 21:21:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Netscape inside scoop on "Smart Browsing" 
X-Authentication-Warning: tarnhelm.blu.org: majordom set sender to
owner-isig using -f
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Importance: Normal
Sender: owner-isig
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: isig
Rick Desautels
Sr. Systems Engineer
Rival Computer Solutions
To unsubscribe from this list, send mail to majordomo
with the following text in the *body* (*not* the subject line) of the letter:
unsubscribe isig
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 01:33:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Text: Gore Announces New SS# Effort for Victims of Domestic  Violence 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  USIA
04 November 1998
TEXT: GORE ANNOUNCES EFFORT FOR VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC
(SS numbers to be changed to help victims escape abusers) (630)
Washington -- Vice President Al Gore announced November 4 a new policy
to allow victims of domestic violence to change their Social Security
"Today, our message to the victims of these hateful crimes is this: we
will offer you the protection you need to regain your safety and
rebuild your life. You have suffered enough without having to fight
for the protections you need to start a new life for yourself and your
children," Gore said, according to a press release from his office.
The vice president also mentioned a new booklet, "Protecting Victims
of Domestic Violence: A Law Enforcement Officer's Guide to Enforcing
Orders of Protection Nationwide," that outlines the meaning of the
Violence Against Women Act's requirement to give full faith and credit
orders of protection for victims of domestic violence.
Following is the text of the release:
(Begin text)
November  4, 1998
THE WHITE HOUSE
Office of the Vice President
For Immediate Release
Wednesday, November 4, 1998
VICE PRESIDENT GORE ANNOUNCES NEW POLICY TO ALLOW VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC
VIOLENCE TO CHANGE THEIR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER
Washington, DC -- Vice President Gore announced today a new effort to
help victims of domestic violence escape their abusers -- a federal
policy that will make it easier for victims to change their social
security numbers.
"Today, our message to the victims of these hateful crimes is this: we
will offer you the protection you need to regain your safety and
rebuild your life," Vice President Gore said. "You have suffered
enough without having to fight for the protections you need to start a
new life for yourself and your children."
For the first time, victims of domestic violence will be able to get a
new Social Security number simply by providing written affirmation of
their domestic abuse from a third party, such as a local shelter,
treating physician, or law enforcement official.
The Social Security Administration's (SSA) employees in field offices
nationwide will work closely with local domestic violence shelters,
the police, the courts, treating physicians, medical facilities, and
psychologists to help victims of domestic violence get the
documentation necessary to secure a new Social Security number.
Previously, the SSA required victims to provide proof that their
abuser had misused their Social Security number. For victims of
domestic violence, providing this kind of proof was extremely
difficult -- only victims who were severely abused or who were in
danger of losing their lives were allowed to change their Social
Security number.
To improve its services to victims of domestic violence, the SSA will
post on its web site the steps a victim needs to take to change their
Social Security number and provide important referral information.
The Vice President also announced a Presidential directive for the
Office of Personnel Management to prepare a resource guide that will:
(1) assist victims of domestic violence by providing up-to-date
information about available resources and outline strategies to ensure
safety; and (2) help those who know anyone who is being abused to
prevent and respond to the situation. This guide will list private as
well as public resources such as counseling, law enforcement, federal
workplace leave policies, and substance abuse programs.
In addition, he highlighted a new booklet, "Protecting Victims of
Domestic Violence: A Law Enforcement Officer's Guide to Enforcing
Orders of Protection Nationwide," that outlines the meaning of the
Violence Against Women Act's requirement to give full faith and credit
orders of protection for victims of domestic violence. This booklet
was written by the International Association of Chiefs of Police with
a grant from the Justice Department. It will be disseminated to law
enforcement officers nationwide to teach them how to enforce
protection orders.
(End text)
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 02:02:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Microsoft Statement 
X-Authentication-Warning:  majordom set sender to
owner-e-commerc@ using -f
Sender: owner-e-commerc@
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Freddie Dawkins All here -
I thought you might like to see this. It was published at the ICX London
conference on October 19.
Freddie Dawkins
ICX - Building Trust in E-commerce

@_date: 1998-11-06 02:16:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Digicash in serious trouble 
X-Sender: stalder
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: micropay
[bad news]
By Tim Clark
Staff Writer, CNET News.com
November 4, 1998, 6:05 p.m. PT
Electronic-cash pioneer DigiCash said today it's filing for Chapter 11
bankruptcy protection after shrinking its payroll to about six people from
nearly 50 in February.
The company, which has been running off a bridge loan from its venture
capital investors since June, is seeking new investors from established
financial institutions or a buyer for its software technology. The
company's operations in the Netherlands, where it was founded, were
liquidated in September.
"To really launch and brand something like this in the Internet space is
likely to take a fair amount more capital," said Scott Loftesness,
DigiCash's interim CEO since August. "It's more appropriate for strategic
investors, corporate players or banks themselves as a consortium model."
Electronic-cash schemes have found difficult sledding recently. First
Virtual Holdings, which had a form of e-cash, exited the business in July.
CyberCash's CyberCoin offering hasn't really caught on. Digital Equipment,
now part of Compaq Computer is testing its Millicent electronic cash, and
IBM is in early trials for a product called Minipay.
Under bankruptcy laws, DigiCash's Chapter 11 filing allows the company to
continue operations, while keeping its creditors at bay as the company
reorganizes. Most of DigiCash's $4 million in debt is owed to its initial
venture capital financiers who extended the bridge loan, August Capital,
Applied Technology, and Dutch investment firm Gilde Investment.
DigiCash's eCash allows consumers to make anonymous payments of any
amount--and anonymity differentiates eCash against other e-cash schemes.
DigiCash's intellectual property assets include patents, protocols, and
software systems that also could be used for applications, like online
electronic voting or private scrip issued by a particular retailer.
DigiCash suffered a setback in September when the only U.S. bank offering
its scheme, Mark Twain Bank, dropped the offering. But a number of major
banks in Europe and Australia offer or are testing DigiCash's electronic
Also in September, DigiCash closed its Dutch operations and liquidated its
assets there.
Loftesness said DigiCash has a list of 35-40 potential partners, and he
has been talking to players like IBM for months. He expects to resolve
DigiCash's status in the next five months.
"Everybody feels anonymous e-cash is inevitable, but the existing
situation was not going to get there from here," said Loftesness, who is
frustrated by potential partners telling him, "This is absolutely
strategic, but unfortunately it's not urgent."
The company was founded by David Chaum and was well-known in the
Internet's earliest days. MIT Media Labs' Nicholas Negroponte is a
director of DigiCash.
#  distributed via nettime-l : no commercial use without permission
#   is a closed moderated mailinglist for net criticism,
#  collaborative text filtering and cultural politics of the nets
#  more info: majordomo and "info nettime-l" in the msg body
#  URL:   contact: nettime-owner
Les faits sont faits.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 06:55:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FYI:  Digicash bankruptcy 
X-Sender: "Nahum.array" I believe this kind of information is invaluable.  Personally, I do not
subscribe to Agre's doom and gloom.  For years I'm saying that there is a
very little "i" and a very large "C" in iCommerce.
Chaum might be many bright things but an entrepreneur he definitely ain't.
But than it's quite difficult in this new paradigm for all of us.
Of course, Bob Hettinga could have saved quite a lot of energy and avoid
much disappointment if he did pay for that my trip to Antigua.  I always
believe that unpaid advice is not listened to, and here is a good prove of
this concept.
Have fun.  I'm sure it will come.  Eventually.
Nahum Goldmann
ARRAY Development
List-Software: LetterRip Pro 3.0.2 by Fog City Software, Inc.
List-Subscribe: List-Unsubscribe: [With the bankruptcy of Digicash, it is time to assemble the definitive
list of underperforming Internet technologies.  The received wisdom is
that the Internet lies at the vortex of a historically unprecedented era
of intensive and disruptive technological change.  A sober reading of the
evidence, however, supports something much closer to the opposite thesis,
viz, the Internet is a modest and useful new tool that, despite itself,
has given rise to an astonishingly wasteful mania whereby perfectly
good capital is plowed into one ill-conceived technology after another.
Consider: interactive television, VRML, Active X, network computers,
"push" technology, agents, "social" interfaces, resource visualization,
cryptographic payment mechanisms (aka "electronic commerce"), and others
that I hope you'll remind me about.  Each of these has been the object
of a frenzy that has compelled all manner of smart people, and a whole
lot of dumb ones such as myself, to say things like, "boy oh boy, the
world is going to be completely different a year from now".  This has
been going on continuously since the PR hype that accompanied the run-up
to the (failed) Communications Act of 1994 and then the (passed but then
catastrophically failed) Communications Act of 1996.  It has been fanned
by Wired magazine, whose capitulation to Conde Nast has ended an era that
should never have begun, and now it is marked by the bankruptcy of David
Chaum's Digicash.  All right-thinking people were in favor of Digicash,
whose technologies were as intellectually elegant as they were socially
responsible.  The problem is that the Digicash people were living in the
world of Alice and Bob -- a place where a mathematical proof can change
the world in perfect defiance of the dynamics (if you can call them that)
of large, highly integrated institutions.  Like many Internet-related
startups, Digicash existed only to the precise extent that the press was
writing about it, and now it doesn't exist at all.  So right now would
be an excellent time for us to renounce the false idea that we are living
in a time of unprecedented technical change.  Yes, the Web has been going
through a period of exponential growth.  But no, that growth is not at
all unprecedented, and in fact it is running behind the penetration rates
that earlier technologies such as the radio and gas cooking achieved once
they started being adopted on a mass scale.  (See, for example, Ronald C.
Tobey's scholarly and absorbing "Technology As Freedom: The New Deal and
the Electrical Modernization of the American Home", Univ. of California
Press, 1996.)  Nor has the underlying Internet changed at all quickly.
The Internet protocols that we use today are unchanged in their essentials
from about 1982.  In fact, once the real history of this era is written,
I think that 1982 will shape up as the true annus mirabilis, and 1994 will
simply be seen as the era when the innovations of ten to fifteen years
earlier finally caught public attention and reached the price point that
was needed to achieve the network externalities required for its large-
scale adoption.  If we get out the rake and drag away all of the detritus
of the underperforming technologies that I listed above, and compare our
times on an apples-for-apples basis with other periods of technological
innovation -- including the Depression era, for heaven's sake -- then I
think we will have a much healthier perspective going forward.  As it is,
people the world over have been propagandized into a state of panic, one
that encourages them to abandon all of their experience and common sense
and buy lots of computer equipment so that they will not be scorned by
their children and left behind by the apocalypse that is supposedly going
to arrive any day now.  No such apocalypse is going to occur, and all of
the TV preachers who have been announcing this apocalypse should apologize
and give the people their money back.  Yes, the world is going to change.
Yes, information technology will participate, and is already participating,
in a significant overhaul of the workings of most major social institutions.
But no, those changes are not going to happen overnight.  The sad line-up
of underperforming technologies should be understood not as serious attempts
at innovation but as a kind of ritual, an expensive and counterproductive
substitute for the chants and dances that healthy societies perform when
they are placed under stress.  Maybe once we get some healthy rituals for
contending with technological change ourselves, we will be able to snap out
of our trance, cast off the ridiculous hopes and fears of an artificially
induced millennium, and take up the serious work of discussing, organizing,
and contesting the major choices about our institutions that lie ahead.]
This message was forwarded through the Red Rock Eater News Service (RRE).
Send any replies to the original author, listed in the From: field below.
You are welcome to send the message along to others but please do not use
the "redirect" command.  For information on RRE, including instructions
for (un)subscribing, see or send a message to requests with Subject: info rre
        e$ cryptography cypherpunks
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Contrary to my own previous -- and painfully recent -- opinions on the matter,
Digicash, Inc., is, more or less, in play again, or it will be if there is
enough money chasing it. Whatever "enough" means.
Putting on my Gordon Gekko hat, here, I'm interested in finding out a few
things. Yes, I have seen the greater fool theory of the blind signature patent
operate more than a few times, but I am, nonetheless, driven to think about
this, and I might as well be public in my musing, at least for the time being.
For expenses of any new company, it should be pretty clear by now what I would
do with the DigiCash technology portfolio. I would put a real good
intellectual property lawyer on the payroll, keep the cryptographers who would
still consent to stick around, keep or improve whatever software test people
they have left, and do nothing but sell licenses and implementation
certifications, using the the underwiting model at
 as a roadmap.
For this imaginary company's revenue, aside from direct fees for validating a
developer's, and possibly an underwriter's, implementation of the protocol,
the trustee would be the only point of patent royalty collection and payment
from the underwriters and developers to the new patent holder.
As far as the current installed base is concerned, I would probably spin off a
company to support those customers, and give it a non-exclusive license as if
it were any other developer.
This assumes, of course, that DigiCash BV/Inc. didn't issue
exclusive-by-country licenses. While it appears on the surface that they have
done exactly this, I have been met with what seems like incredulity from
various DigiCash folks when I talk about it, so, for the time being, I'll take
them at their word when they tell me it isn't so. Actually, when I think about
it, it may be immaterial, as there are lots of countries on the internet to
park underwriters and trustees in, and they can denominate their bearer cash
instruments in any currency they want.
One way or another, the software side of DigiCash would be gone. We figure out
what the net present value is of the current licenses, and hope that a company
can be formed around that cashflow and spun off into a separate software
development company. If we're lucky, we make money on the spinoff and keep the
patent. If we're not lucky, DigiCash will probably have to get rid of it's
current obligations before *anyone* clueful would step in to pick up the
patents, and just the patents, alone.
Obviously, what has been spent so far building DigiCash, BV or Inc., is
immaterial to any discussion of the future. Just like what happened to Chaum,
et. al., when Negroponte and companies um, executed, the purchase of last
version of DigiCash, we have to completely forget the all the money which
has been spent on Digicash BV, now Digicash Inc., so far, and ignore the
howls of the current investors, as painful as that may be to listen to. :-).
They knew the job was dangerous when they took it, anyway...
Okay, that's a nice story. How about some actual data? I expect the best way
to get a handle of royalties is to start soliciting actual projected royalty
estimates from potential developers and underwriters, but, frankly, I think
that most developers and underwriters, like the rest of us, have no real idea
how much money they're going to make. Nonetheless, if anyone's interested in
telling me, offline, what they think they would would be fair royalty
payments, either as an underwriter or as a developer, I'd like to hear their
estimates. My PGP key is attached.
My own rule of thumb, for cash anyway, is that an underwriter can probably
charge no more than a bank charges to one of their non-customer ATM
transactions. That's probably no more than $3.00 a withdrawl. They also get to
keep the interest on the reserve account, if any, of course. Frankly, if the
royalties are low enough, that may be more than enough revenue to bootstrap a
business with, and   I would personally lobby for as low a royalty structure
as possible. That, of course, is driven entirely by the cost/revenue picture,
but it might be that a majority of the short-term operations can be
bootstrapped out of validation fees.
That leaves all the other potential markets for blind-signature macroscale
digital bearer settlement, everything from long-duration bandwidth purchases
for IP or voice dialtone on up to actual securities transactions themselves.
Most of these potential applications will occur after the patents expire,
but whoever owns these patents should allow not only licenses to all comers,
but, more to the point, should allow all *licensees* to worry about the
legal ramafications of the patents' use.
If a particular licensee can find a legal jurisdiction to offer utterly
anonymous digital bearer instruments backed by totally anonymous reserves,
then, as long as the licensee pays up, god bless 'em. The patents should be
licensed within the law, certainly, but, other than that, their use should be
considered value neutral, like all technology. As in all bearer markets
before them, the digital bearer trustee will be the point of maximum legal
compliance, and, as such, will be the functional "policeman" of the system.  I
leave the interesting solution of bearer-backed trustees for some other day,
probably after the patents have long expired.
Okay. There's lots more to talk about, of course, but I'm kind of tapped out
on this for the time being.
If you're an intellectual property lawyer, and you fancy yourself running the
DigiCash patent portfolio, contact me directly. I'm not sure exactly what I
can do, if anything, but I'd be very interested to hear your thoughts on this,
as the potential core person of this as yet imaginary enterprize, up to, and
including what it would cost for you to sign on for this much fun as at least
in-house counsel, if not the actual CEO. :-).
In addition, if someone has a reasonable non-proprietary(!) estimate of the
projected revenues on all those outstanding ecash contracts, that would be
nice to know as well. The terms of those contracts, are, of course, probably
unknowable at the moment, at least until someone has enough known scratch to
belly up to the table, sign an NDA and take a peek. Of course, then they
couldn't tell us anything anyway...
Isn't this fun?
Bob Hettinga
[Public keys ommitted]
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 06:31:19
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Holloween II: Microsoft Plugs Linux 
is a more extensive, (positively
glowing) freshly smuggled (planted?) internal analysis of Linux by
103k, but definitely worth reading.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 09:07:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Halloween II 
Reply-To: love
Originator: info-policy-notes
Sender: info-policy-notes
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment: To unsubscribe from this list, send the message "unsubscribe
info-policy-notes" to "listproc  Leave the "Subject:" line
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 12:51:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FYI:  Digicash bankruptcy 
Priority: normal
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: On 5 Nov 98, at 14:32, Nahum Goldmann quoted Phil Agre as having writ:
Is Agre a friend of Metcalfe?  One wrings his hands over what other people
choose to risk their money on in Internet technology development and the other
solemnly predicts that the Internet will implode.  If those two guys ever get
together, the ambient lumens will dim for miles around.  NRO will be
repositioning satellites to check out the grey hole of pessimism laying like a
blanket over their meeting place.
Yeah, right.  Listen to this guy and die.  That's his message.
Had this guy been commenting back then, he would no doubt have been wringing
his hands over all the silly things being done with radio and all the failed
ideas and ventures.  Checking out those future-fantasy clips from the '50's is
instructive... I *still* don't have a kitchen or bathroom as spiffy as what
they were telling everyone they would have a few short years -- I don't have a
constant-temperature shower or cleverly designed foldaway shelves, tables,
trays and ironing boards hidden in every nook and cranny of the kitchen.  In
fact, looking at one of those on video got me in the mood to go back 40 years
so I could look forward to having those neat things.
More importantly, though, as great as the utility of radio has been in many
areas, it has mostly been a one-way incoming pipe for the average person.  Its
greatest utility value in that mode has probably been news delivery, but that
is highly overrated.  If you tune out the news in all forms for two weeks, you
will be a lot less stressed and realize that, by and large, what makes the
news doesn't care a whit about you, and if you con't care a whit about the
news, no pieces of the sky fall in.  If radio hadn't been regulated as badly
and suffocatingly as it was, and if people without propellors on their heads
could have used it to communicate with friends and associates over long
distances instead of waiting for telephone operators to call them back to tell
them a trunk had become available for their annual long distance call to
Mamain Toledo, perhaps radio would have had a hugely greater impact than it
did.  Radio came, radio was monopolized, and it became just another flavor of
newspaper or magazine.
Now gas, there's a revolutionary development!  Convenient, yes.
Revolutionary, no.  Were we able to cook before gas?  Were we able to heat
before gas?  Did gas mean that Father no longer had to trek to an office or
factory to earn his living?  Were we suddenly able to shuttle business
documents back and forth between Passaic, New Jersey and Jakarta at zero
incremental cost? Did gas perhaps enable millions of people to shift their
modes of work and cut the ties with fixed offices?  Maybe gas enabled
multimedia communication, as in Smell-o-Vision?  Geez!  So it was convenient.
So lots of people rushed out and utilized it in a short time.  So?  What did
it change?  It may have made some industrial processes cheaper or more
feasible.  It made some very uninteresting aspects of life less time and
attention consuming.  Isn't that like denigrating all of wheeled transport by pointing out that gee,
the wheels we use today are unchanged in their essentials from about 4000 B.C.
(or whenever)?  And your point is...?
Can you spell M-O-S-A-I-C?
Yes indeedy, that's what we should all do when we need a lift -- drag out
Dad's or Grandpa's Depression scrapbook and get some *real* perspective!
That'll drive out that pesky optimism and make us thankful for not having to
run down the road chasing the family farm as it blows away in the wind.
Yessirree, those pics of Uncle Dwork selling apples will straighten us right
up and dispel those silly fantasies of interconnecting the world, working from
Tahiti, or making a killing with a killer Internet app.  There oughta be a
law!  It should be illegal to offend good, pessimistic outlooks by running
around in circles showering ideas and developments like sparks.
Where does this guy *get* this stuff?  How many people do we *know* who fit
this description, hmmm?  Even one?  Well, OK, but Aunt Mabel doesn't count --
she invested in bull semen, too, though we all thought she did it with just a
tad too much enthusiasm.
Oh, geez, I can hear this now, around 1725 or 1750... people in England and on
the continent, naysaying the wild and wooly schemes and hopes for opportunity
and fortune in the new world.  It must be part of the curse of the human
condition that we have to have gloomy people like this hanging on the
coattails of invention, being dragged kicking and screaming into a future they
cannot avoid no matter *how* loudly they complain.
Thomas Junker
The Unofficial Wang VS Information Center
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 21:37:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Nov. 8 column - stop and search 
Resent-Date: Fri, 6 Nov 1998 00:44:48 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/585
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED NOV. 8, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    To enhance officer safety and convenience
    Fortunately, even the most traditionally "law-and-order" members of the
U.S. Supreme Court seemed both surprised and skeptical Tuesday when
confronted with the broad discretion which Iowa now grants its police to
search drivers pulled over for routine traffic violations ... even without
any "probable cause" to believe a further crime has been committed.
  Appellant Patrick Knowles was stopped for speeding on March 6, 1996, in
Newton, Iowa. An officer gave Knowles a speeding ticket and then informed
him he had a right to search Knowles and his cart, which the cop proceeded
to do.
  The search turned up a pipe and a small quantity of marijuana, which Iowa
courts allowed to be used as evidence. Knowles was convicted and sentenced
to 90 days in jail, but is now appealing based on the Constitution's Fourth
Amendment protection against unreasonable searches.
  "If somebody jaywalks, the police could search them?" asked Justice John
Paul Stevens.
  "Correct," explained Iowa Assistant Attorney General Bridget A. Chambers.
  Justice Antonin Scalia then asked Ms. Chambers whether an officer could
stop someone, arrest and search them, and then drop the arrest. Yes, she
  "Wow," the justice responded.
  The record of the initial court case reveals that arresting Officer
Ronald Cook was "disarmingly candid" on the subject of probable cause, in
the phrase of long-term court watcher James J. Kilpatrick.
  "Anything you observed lead you to believe or give you probable cause to
believe that he was involved in criminal activity?" the officer was asked.
  "Not on this date, no," he responded.
 "It was your understanding that simply because you had issued him a
citation that that gave you the right to search him and his vehicle?"
  "Yes, ma'am."
  About 400,000 people are given traffic tickets each year in Iowa,
Knowles' lawyer, Paul Rosenberg, told the high court Tuesday. But police
invoke their authority to conduct searches only selectively, since if
everyone given a traffic ticket were searched, "the people wouldn't stand
for it."
  Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist reminded the parties that police
already have authority to conduct a search following an arrest, to protect
their own safety and to preserve evidence.
  But regarding a need to preserve evidence, the chief justice added, "When
you have a traffic stop, you're not going to find any more evidence of
speeding when you search a person's car."
  The Supreme Court's 1973 decision allows police to conduct a "search
incident to arrest," noted Justice Anthony M. Kennedy. But "You want to
turn it around and have an arrest incident to search. ... It seems to me
that would be an abuse of authority."
  "It does seem an enormous amount of authority to put into the hands of
the police," agreed Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.
  Regular observers of the court warn us not to draw too many conclusions
from the jurists' questions alone -- the justices have been known to play
devil's advocate, challenging the position of a party whose side they
actually intend to favor, in order to better develop their own arguments.
  But this sounds like a case where the court's astonishment over Iowa's
brazen defiance of the Constitutional ban on "unreasonable" and warrantless
searches was no sham.
  The notion that we should not object to government agents stopping and
frisking any passer-by since "It's for the protection of everyone" and "The
innocent have nothing to fear," is the next-to-last stop on the one-way
trainride to tyranny.
  Yes, such measures appear to make the policeman's lot a bit easier, in
the short run. But once the populace begin to see these officers not as
friendly keepers of the peace and protectors of our liberties, but rather
as a hostile occupying army, patting us down and muscling through our
belongings at will, that could quickly change.
  As the Hessians learned in 1776.
  The high court is expected to rule in the case of Mr. Knowles by July.
Let us hope the Supremes set a firm high water mark for this particular
tide of tyranny, and begin to roll it back. Cops deserve our praise and
support when they undertake the dangerous job of chasing down violent thugs
and felons -- but not when they turn to rummaging through our pockets, our
glove compartments, and our sock drawers.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin The web
sites for the Suprynowicz column are at
 and
 The column is syndicated in the United
States and Canada via Mountain Media Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas
Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
The evils of tyranny are rarely seen but by him who resists it. -- John
Hay, 1872
The most difficult struggle of all is the one within ourselves. Let us not
get accustomed and adjusted to these conditions. The one who adjusts ceases
to discriminate between good and evil.  He becomes a slave in body and
soul. Whatever may happen to you, remember always: Don't adjust! Revolt
against the reality! -- Mordechai Anielewicz, Warsaw, 1943
* * *
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 21:41:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: ISPI Clips 6.16: Using Credit Reports Crooks Assume YourIdentity & Buy Luxury Cars 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: "ama-gi ISPI" ISPI Clips 6.16: Using Credit Reports Crooks Assume Your Identity & Buy
Luxury Cars
News & Info from the Institute for the Study of Privacy Issues (ISPI)
Friday November 6, 1998
This From: The Las Angeles Times, Friday, October 23, 1998
Grand Theft Auto Enters the Computer Age
    Crime: Hackers are using cyberspace to obtain credit information
    and purchase luxury vehicles under assumed identities.
SCOTT GLOVER,
Times Staff Writer
In a new twist on an old crime, computer-savvy thieves have begun hacking
into credit files and fabricating drivers' licenses, then walking into car
dealerships and buying luxury cars under assumed identities, authorities
After putting about $10,000 down for a new $120,000 Mercedes-Benz,
authorities say, the thief then drives off the lot, leaving behind a
commission-happy salesperson. Within a week, they say, the car will most
likely be in a container bound for resale on foreign shores.
"The problem is growing on a monthly basis," said John Bryan, a Los Angeles
County sheriff's captain who runs a regional anti-car-theft unit.
Bryan estimated that members of his Taskforce for Regional Autotheft
Prevention, or TRAP, arrested about 60 people in 1997 who were running such
One of last year's victims was Los Angeles County Supervisor Yvonne
Brathwaite Burke and her husband, William.
In her case, Burke said a con artist took her name from the newspaper and
paid a Georgia jeweler to run a credit check on her to obtain more
information. She said the man then obtained a driver's license in William
Burke's name and went on a spending spree.
Using the Burkes' credit information, the man bought four Yamaha WaveRunner
personal water vehicles and a BMW and tried to purchase a Mercedes-Benz and
Ford Thunderbird.
"We were getting bills in the mail every day," Burke said. "It was driving
me crazy."
She said the man was finally caught when he brought the BMW back to the
dealership to have a trailer hitch installed so he could pull the
WaveRunner behind the car.
In another case last year, authorities said a man established a dummy real
estate company to obtain personal credit histories, then used the
information to make more than $1 million in fraudulent purchases, including
several cars.
Bryan said another scam involved fraudulent applications for car purchases
at a San Gabriel Valley dealership. In that case, investigators seized
eight cars and believe as many as 40 more were purchased and illegally
The thieves generally don't shop for bargains either, Bryan said.
"They go for Mercedeses, BMWs, Lexuses, you name it."
Bryan said the thieves are typically well-dressed--sometimes even in
suits--and have a calm demeanor as they "shop" for a car.
"They walk in there looking like they can afford it," he said. "They know
what they're doing."
Bryan said the average price of a stolen car is about $60,000, and that
most of those who have been arrested are suspected of stealing numerous
The thieves usually make tens of thousands of dollars' profit on a single
Because cases are time-consuming and difficult to prove, Bryan said, an
offender is often charged with only one theft.
The crimes could result in several charges, including grand theft auto and
credit card fraud, punishable by a minimum of three years in prison,
according to a spokesman for the district attorney's office.
Popular markets for the stolen vehicles include China, numerous republics
of the former Soviet Union and the United Arab Emirates, police said.
People who have had their identities stolen and used to purchase the cars
are not liable, Bryan said.
Burke said, even though she was in a position to put pressure on
authorities to solve the case, she spent months trying to clean up her
"It was a nightmare," she said. "And it could happen to anybody."
Copyright 1998 Los Angeles Times.
ISPI Clips are news & opinion articles on privacy issues from
all points of view; they are clipped from local, national and international
newspapers, journals and magazines, etc. Inclusion as an ISPI Clip
does not necessarily reflect an endorsement of the content or opinion
by ISPI. In compliance with Title 17 U.S.C. section 107, this material is
distributed free without profit or payment for non-profit research
and educational purposes only.

@_date: 1998-11-06 21:31:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: My first order of Business              (http://www.jesseventura.org/bbs/messages/3052.html) (fwd) 
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Comments: To: robbin stewart It appears that we've found a solution to spam. Somebody sent
"make money fast" type post to Jesse's web-based bulliten board and got
the following response.
Forwarded message:
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 21:32:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RSA Seeks Nominees for Awards & $10K Honors <FW> 
X-Sender: vin
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Vin McLellan activists, netizens, and scholars to nominate individuals who should be
honored for their "outstanding contributions" to the field of cryptography.
leaders in the fields of Mathematics, Public Policy, and Industry. The
final selection is by a panel of academic and industry experts, but the
nomination process is open to all. Nominations for the 1999 Awards can be
made directly at  anytime before 12/4/98.
contributions to the field of cryptography.  The Committee seeks to reward
nominees who are pioneers in their field, and whose work has applied
value." Nominees should be affiliated with universities or research labs.
who was also named to the RSA Professorship at MIT last year. Prof.
Goldwasser's pioneering work in number theory, complexity, and cryptography
has also won MIT's Grace Murray Hopper Award and the first Godel Prize.
Security and Freedom Thru Encryption (SAFE) Act -- was the 1998 winner of
the RSA Public Policy Award. This prize seeks to honor elected or appointed
officials, or activists associated with public interest groups, who have
made a "significant contribution" to the American policy debate about
cryptography over the previous calendar year.
organizations which have made outstanding contributions in commercial
applications of crypto -- "particularly those that provide clear value to
the end users" -- and demonstrated "ongoing innovation in their technology
and products."
clever innovations for the denizens of the web. Taher ElGamal accepted for
Security Conference, which (having outgrown Nob Hill, to the regret of
many) is being held in San Jose, January 17-21. See:
      Vin McLellan + The Privacy Guild +   53 Nichols St., Chelsea, MA 02150 USA <617> 884-5548
                         -- < --
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-06 21:47:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ISPs now responsible for Pirated Material 
X-Authentication-Warning: lpma.la-ma.org: majordom set sender to
owner-general using -f
X-Sender: dkrick
Sender: owner-general
Precedence: bulk
Summary:  IF a local ISP doesn't register with the goverment, per a new law
Clinton signed this week, the ISP can be held legally responsible for any
pirated material that may be on their site.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-07 00:31:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: New Law Requires ISPs to Register & Rat 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  Law enlists ISPs in
              piracy fight
              By John Borland
              Staff Writer, CNET News.com
              November 4, 1998, 5:30 p.m. PT
              A new set of federal regulations
              requires Internet service providers to
              register immediately with the U.S.
              government, lest they be held legally
              liable for pirated material that flows
              through their servers.
              The new rules, which went into effect
              yesterday, flow from the Digital
              Millennium Copyright Act, which was
              signed by President Clinton last week.
              The law shields ISPs from being sued
              for copyright infringement based on
              their subscribers' postings, so long as
              they register with the U.S. Copyright
              Office. The provision is the product of
              negotiations over the original copyright
              law, and was accepted reluctantly by
              service provider industry
              representatives.
              "This isn't what we would have
              wanted. It's a Washington approach to
              a simple kind of problem," said Dave
              McClure, executive director of the
              Association of Online Professionals, a
              trade group that represents ISPs.
              Copyright holders had complained that
              some ISPs were not responding to
              warnings about pirated material
              located on their servers, or were
              claiming ignorance even after being
              notified.
              "Copyright holders pushed for a
              requirement that a person actually be
              physically designated to receive
              information about infringement,"
              McClure said.
              The new law fills a legal gap left by
              the passage of the Communications
              Decency Act in 1996. Under that law,
              ISPs cannot be held liable for
              slanderous or libelous material that is
              posted on their services. That
              provision, which has been tested
              several times in court already,
              specifically excludes copyright issues.
              The new regulations require each ISP
              to designate a point-person to receive
              complaints about copyright
              infringement, and to send that
              information to the federal copyright
              office along with a $20 filing fee. The
              person's name and contact information
              also must be displayed prominently on
              the ISP's Web site.
              The rules went into effect November 3.
              Any unregistered ISP can legally be
              held liable for pirated material on its
              site from now on.
              The Copyright Office rules are only an
              interim step in the new law's
              implementation. Regulators will draft
              permanent rules and host a public
              comment period later this year or early
              next year.
    ---------
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-07 00:57:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Identification and Privacy are not Antinomies 
Delivered-To: DIGSIG
Reply-To: Digital Signature discussion Sender: Digital Signature discussion      Identification and Privacy are not Antinomies
This is a comment to the article "Not for Identification Purposes" by
Richard Sobel, of 8/12/98, and a reply by Jorge Cortell-Albert, all
referenced at apparent that one could profit from a new perspective when dealing
with identification issues today. Not only because of historical
examples of misuse or because the Clinton administration is proposing
a national ID card that may compromise privacy, but because we need
to harmonize needs with tools. Clearly, there is an escalating need
to identify -- likewise, there is an increasingly easy access to
information and massive cross-checking of data based on global
Biometrics, contrary to expressed opinion such as Cortell-Albert's,
is not self-secure and cannot protect what it forthrightly denies:
privacy. One does not even have to recall the proverbial truck that
hits the subject, in order to realize that biometrics is also
perishable. In fact, biometrics just highlights the basic paradox of
privacy versus security -- where one is asked to forfeit privacy in a
rather permanent way in order to gain some transient level of
Are identification and privacy antinomies, like freedom and slavery?
Is there an unresolvable conflict between both security and privacy?
Current expressed opinion, such as Sobel's and Cortell-Albert's, says
"yes" to both questions.
As we have no real solution within the current level of
understanding, one needs a fresh look into identification and
identity. To exercise the solution, Internet protocols can provide a
good practical arena accessible to all and truly international --
thus, I will use it in this exposition as an example. However, it
will be clear that I could likewise use anything else -- even the US
Government's current proposal for a national ID card.
Identification is often understood as an act of identifying, or of
establishing an identity. Identity is usually defined as "the
distinguishing character or personality of an individual" [1].
Of course, such definitions cannot be applied on the Internet. Any
mention to "identity" or "identity authentication" on the Internet is
a mere tag for something else, such as an individual's purported
attribute. Certainly, without any physical contact with an individual
or even without any way to directly verify it.
It is simply not possible to speak of "identity" or "identification"
as a dictionary defines it, over the Internet. All legal and
technical studies that call for or depend on such equivalence are
misleading. Any such "identity" or "identification" can be faked,
repudiated or are specifically unwarranted (e.g. by commercial CAs)
to relying-parties over the Internet.
That the US INS accepts UK birth (naming) certificates in order to
certify immigration status for its own policy of regulation, does not
mean that the INS is acting to "confirm" the legitimacy of the name,
or organise the UK namespace.
So, the first conclusion is that acceptance of an identity by a
recipient does not make that identification more veritable to others
... though it is often interpreted so, especially when a third
document is issued by the recipient and publicly known.
Sure, there is a bar on the standard of the {UK,...} authorities who
the INS respects sufficiently for its own activities. But INS
confirmation (or rather "use") confers no status on the original
document unless the INS policy wished to make such representation
explicit. Which would involve legal responsibilities that escalate
like those that would derive from a blank signed cheque.
Thus, this is also an unsolved problem in the 3D-world, outside the
Internet. On 15th April 1997, The Daily Telegraph, a UK quality
newspaper, reported on Alan Reeve [2] -- a convicted criminal and
triple killer who was described as "friendly, caring, dependable and
loving" by his fiance when he was arrested under false identity in
Clearly, the indeterminacy of "identity" on the 3D-world is itself a
reason to doubt any extension of such credentials to the Internet
[3,4]. Which is made worse by the often neglected fact that the
certificate user (e.g., "relying-party") is not privy to the contract
between the CA and the certificate subscriber [3]. Further, CAs
effectively contradict any possible public rights that
relying-parties might claim, by declaring in the CA's CPS (the
governing law) that a certificate has no warranted content to
relying-parties [3]. Moreover, on the Internet, we also need to
identify hosts, routing, software, etc. -- not just humans.
Thus, the basic Net disconnect is that the Internet is essentially
that wire that goes to your computer! Anything else that you imagine
is just this -- you imagine.
Even if you receive a message that looks like mine, from my address,
should you believe 100% it is mine? "Doubt until you have proof". Of
course, the degree of proof required depends on what is at stake and
what is your cost -- however, the best proof is to be considered the
one that leaves the concerned parties with no doubts [cf. 2]. Of
course, the law may require a higher degree of proof (eg, when buying
firearms you cannot just do it over e-mail -- you need to present a
legal identity, a legal connection to yourself and perhaps also an
address as a further legal connection).
The same disconnect happens in the 3D world, because who is to affirm
that the presented ID card is the "right one"? Or, that the person
depicted in the card is the "right one"? Who is Alan Reeve?
However, as given in [5,6], there is an answer to the
privacy/security paradox. And, practical tools that may help the
Clinton administration (or, any government, company or individual) to
decrease costs without resorting to privacy burdens over the
puported beneficiaries.
The answer begins by a question: What is "to identify"? The study
shows that "to identify" is to look for connections. Thus, in
identification we look for logical or natural connections -- we look
for coherence. The work shows that not identity but coherence is the
general metric for identification and deduces more than 64 basic
types of identification. More coherence and more identification types
mean stronger identification, even if anonymous.
Identification can thus be understood not only in the sense of an
"identity" connection, but in the wider sense of "any" connection.
Which one to use is just a matter of protocol expression, need, cost
and (very importantly) privacy concerns.
A further benefit is that it allows clear definitions for a large
number of new anonymous identification types, sorely needed on the
Internet, for e-commerce and to decrease costs inccurred with fraud,
in general, but without compromising one's privacy just to tank the
car or buy a lunch.
I note that even though motivated by the Internet, as a practical
arena, the concepts reported in [5,6] can be applied to improve any
identification method -- including the present proposal by the US
Ed Gerck
[1] Merriam-Webster Dictionary, http:
[2] [3] [4] [5] [6] Dr.rer.nat. E. Gerck                     egerck
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-07 11:35:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ASHCROFT 2000 RIP? 
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-08 04:16:34
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: IP: Head of U.S. Internet Policy Plans to Resign: Magaziner 
Delivered-To: ignition-point
X-Sender: believer
Sender: owner-ignition-point
Precedence: list
Reply-To: believer
Source:  New York Times
November 6, 1998
Magaziner, Head of U.S. Internet Policy, Plans to Resign
By JERI CLAUSING
ASHINGTON -- Ira C. Magaziner, who has led the Clinton
Administration's efforts to foster the growth of the Internet and
electronic commerce, said today that he plans to leave the White House
before the end of the year.
Magaziner said he has not set a departure
date or made any firm plans for his future,
but he hopes to wrap up his duties within
the next month and move back to New
England. His family moved there a year ago,
he said, and he has been commuting since
"I felt a responsibility to follow through on
what we had committed," Magaziner said.
"And we have had some good successes."
Magaziner joined the Clinton Administration
five and a half years ago to draft what
turned out to be a doomed effort to
restructure the nation's health care system.
He then turned to the Internet, where he has been aggressively trying to
shape domestic and international policy for electronic commerce and
governance of the Internet.
"At a time when there was a lot of confusion about where the [Internet]
industry was going both domestically and internationally, Ira Magaziner
was the guy who rolled up his sleeves and got into the nitty-gritty of how
technology works, what the effect would be on our society, and then
took those notions and began to be the evangelist for the Internet industry
in a global marketplace," said Brian O'Shaughnessy, spokesman for the
Internet Alliance, one of the world's largest associations of companies
with Internet interests.
"He's a cerebral guy who took these intellectual ideas and wrestled a lot
of very powerful forces to the table... He's certainly been the champion
for [Internet] self-governance."
In June 1997, after studying the Internet for 15 months, Magaziner
released the Administration's "Framework for Electronic Commerce,"
which called for a hands-off, market-driven approach to regulation of the
global network. Magaziner's philosophy then and now is that while the
Internet is growing rapidly, this growth could be stymied by excessive
government intervention.
"For this potential to be realized fully," he wrote in that report,
"governments must adopt a nonregulatory, market-oriented approach to
electronic commerce, one that facilitates the emergence of a transparent
and predictable legal environment to support global business and
commerce. Official decision makers must respect the unique nature of the
medium and recognize that widespread competition and increased
consumer choice should be the defining features of the new digital
Since then, he has led efforts to hand administration of the global network
over to the private sector, and has traveled the world pushing other
countries to endorse his tax-free, unregulated approach to the new
Magaziner said he is satisfied that he has put the issue of electronic
commerce on the world's agenda. In addition to winning passage of two
new laws imposing a moratorium on new Internet taxes in the United
States and protecting copyrights in the digital age, he has won
international agreements to keep the Internet duty-free and set standards
for international payment systems.
He is also wrapping up what has been a highly contentious effort to hand
the administrative functions of the Internet's name and address system
over to a private corporation.
But as he announces his departure, Magaziner has left one important
issue -- online privacy -- unresolved.
Magaziner has been the lead cheerleader for industry self-regulation on
how personal data is collected and used in electronic databases, a
controversial stance that has put the United States directly at odds with
the European Union and one that threatens to disrupt electronic
commerce with those countries.
Critics say he has ignored consumer interests in favor of business.
However, others laud his refusal to back down.
"Ira...has been working long and hard on behalf of self-governance and
not letting the E.U. data directive simply become the rule of the day,"
O'Shaughnessy said.
The European directive that took effect last month imposes strict privacy
policies on companies that do business in Europe. A key provision of that
law prohibits any company doing business in the European Union from
transmitting personal data to any country that does not guarantee
comparable privacy protections.
The European Union has said that self-regulatory models adopted by
industry groups in the United States do not meet its requirements. It has
held off on imposing sanctions against the United States until at least
December while the governments involved attempt to negotiate a
The Commerce Department this week laid out its negotiating position,
which proposes giving companies a variety of "safe harbors" to satisfy
privacy protection. One idea is to create independent organizations that
would monitor a company's data practices and give companies that
comply with accepted guidelines what amounts to a stamp of approval.
The E.U. has so far rejected that plan. But Magaziner said the
Administration has scored a victory in getting the E.U. to agree to discuss
self-regulation as a remedy.
"They agreed to hold back, and we are still discussing it with them," he
said. "We got them to recognize in February self-regulation as being
legitimate. So under their own direction they are saying self-regulatory
approaches can work. Now we have to get them to agree to recognize
what we are proposing. That may not be finished by the time I leave, but
it will be well along."
Magaziner has also been leading the effort to move administration of the
Internet to an international, nonprofit corporation. That power had been
exercised by the United States government -- at first directly, and in
recent years under a government contract granting a monopoly on
domain name registrations to Network Solutions, a corporation based in
Herndon, Va.
A driving force toward creation of the new board was the demand by
private companies around the world that they be allowed to compete
with Network Solutions in the lucrative business of registering domain
But finding a solution that balances the interests of more traditional,
academic institutions with trademark holders and commercial entities with
a huge stake in the future of electronic commerce proved difficult, and
much controversy still surrounds the plan that Magaziner hopes to finalize
this month.
Last month, the Administration tentatively
approved handing the reins of the Internet over
to the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names
and Numbers (ICANN).
This new corporation was set up largely under
the direction of one of the Internet's founders,
the late Jon Postel. Although the ICANN proposal was presented as
having "the support of a broad consensus of Internet stakeholders,
private and public," several groups have complained that it was
hammered out in secret and still lacks proper fiscal controls and
appropriate power checks on future board members.
The Department of Commerce has asked the nine-member interim board
of ICANN to craft new bylaws that address those concerns, a proposal
that is expected to be completed within the next week and which will be
the topic of a public meeting next week in Cambridge, Mass.
 Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company
To subscribe or unsubscribe, email:
     majordomo
with the message:
     (un)subscribe ignition-point email
or (un)subscribe ignition-point-digest email
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-08 05:26:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: A question about the new ISP ruling and email... 
Now *this* should be fun. Someone who claims to be a cypherpunk is now
going to call the copyright police on a non-profit, volunteer news list.
Cryptoanarchy indeed. The ganglia twitch.
When the going gets tough, the "tough" rat out the innocent, it appears...
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Precedence: first-class
Reply-To: Information Security X-Loop: cypherpunks
   >   From: ravage (Jim Choate)
   >
   >   Hi,
   >
   >   I was pondering the draconian implications of the requirement to
   >   ISP's. Would an email only site be an ISP under these regulations?
I dunno.
But I've begun netcopping the Ignition-Point list on
an ongoing basis (starting Friday), and they'll be
an interesting test case of whether what they're
doing is "fair use".
Pobox.com/listbox.com is reluctantly assigning a person
to receive (my) copyright complaints, and will register
themselves with the FCO.
I like to post whole articles myself.
Anyway, for a test case, better them than me.
---guy ;-)
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-08 09:42:59
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: [E-CARM] Identification and Privacy are not Antinomies 
X-Authentication-Warning: c3po.kc-inc.net: majordomo set sender to
owner-e-carm using -f
Sender: owner-e-carm
Precedence: bulk
If the e-mail below was forwarded through you, it means that you
thought it is useful to these lists and that you also found some
nexus in the argument line used by the, huh... author. However,
neither you nor the huh... author seem to hold a steady line of
argument, as of course, you are indeed to be blamed without recourse
for this piece of tasteless non-sense being further reproduced on the
My intent with my original posting (available at
 as proof) was NOT to criticize
the Clinton administration on an initiative which is in accord with
current practices worldwide -- but to show that there is a better and
privacy-protecting solution when identification is modelled using
coherence functions. Further, my intent was to show that biometrics
is perishable and not self-secure, which reasons alone would seem to
rule it out in the case.
THUS, MY SOLE REASON FOR THIS REJOINDER IS TO MAKE THAT CLEAR.
However, the Net is an amplifier -- it just provides raw power. The
question is how it is used. You and I have duly performed our duties
as estimulated emission sources, albeit with different filter
Ed Gerck.
Dr.rer.nat. E. Gerck                     egerck
Help with Majordomo commands plus list archives and information is
available through the E-CARM web page at Sponsored by The Knowledge Connection.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-10 23:51:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: American Banker article on DigiCash bankruptcy 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: --- begin forwarded text
This is the American Banker article on the subject:
Digital Frontiers
Tuesday, November 10, 1998
Electronic Commerce: Bankrupt Digicash to Seek Financing, New Allies
By Jeffrey Kutler & Carol Power
Digicash Inc., which invented a virtual cash concept for the Internet,
now must reinvent itself.
With the announcement last week that it filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection, Digicash has embarked on yet another phase of a corporate
saga that has won it acclaim and admiration in both the banking and
Internet communities -- but precious little business.
Shielded for the moment from creditor pressures, the Palo Alto, Calif.,
company will attempt to find the financing and forge the strategic
relationships it needs to widen the appeal of its eCash product, said
interim chief executive officer Scott Loftesness.
The company also has a significant "intellectual property portfolio," he
said, that could prove useful in other applications requiring privacy
and anonymity, such as electronic voting.
Mr. Loftesness indicated that Digicash has never exploited the full
potential of its patents to generate licensing income, which now might
help turn the operation around.
Bankruptcy is but the latest of many turns for an eight-year-old venture
created by David Chaum, a former University of California professor and
expert on data encryption who was among the first to see a need for a
cash-like payment mechanism on open networks. The design of eCash and
its anonymity principles attracted widespread attention in 1994 and 1995
as banks and other corporations began exploring the Internet's
commercial potential.
Through a series of consulting projects and demonstrations, Digicash
came close to assembling a network of banks to issue and manage the
virtual currency. But the licensee group -- including Deutsche Bank, Den
Norske Bank, Bank Austria, Advance Bank of Australia, and Mark Twain
Bank of St. Louis -- never got beyond pilot stages.
Things were looking up in 1997 when Digicash attracted venture capital
interest from, among others, David Marquardt of August Capital, who was
an early backer of Microsoft Corp.
Digicash also reconstituted its board with Massachusetts Institute of
Technology professor Nicholas Negroponte as chairman, and hired
"professional management" led by CEO Michael Nash, a former American
Express Co. and Visa International executive. Mr. Chaum remained as
chief technology officer.
The headquarters was moved from Mr. Chaum's base in Amsterdam to Silicon
Valley. Many in the banking technology world took positive note of the
fact that in June 1998, former Wells Fargo & Co. president William
Zuendt joined Mr. Negroponte, Mr. Marquardt, Mr. Chaum, Toon den Heijer
of Gilde Investment Funds, and others on the board.
This past August, Mr. Nash was succeeded by Mr. Loftesness, who also has
Visa in his background. The part of the operation that remained in
Amsterdam was closed, and the staff was cut significantly from its peak
of about 50.
Mr. Loftesness said last week that he intends to see the Chapter 11
process through. He described eCash as "important and inevitable" for
the maturity of electronic commerce.
Throughout its struggles to prove it was not too far ahead of its time,
Digicash has been followed closely by analysts and treated seriously by
competitors. Many were impressed by the technology's cash-like anonymity
and an accountability system that prevents any of the virtual coins from
being spent twice, yet without compromising personal privacy.
"There is a great lesson in it," said Richard Crone, vice president of
Cybercash Inc. and general manager of PayNow, its version of an
electronic check. "You must match the payment type to the application
that is being sold."
He called Digicash "a payment type in search of an application, rather
than an application in search of a payment."
So far in Internet consumer payments, particularly in the United States,
credit cards have won the day. "We've done such a good job deploying
credit cards and reassuring consumers that the security is present," Mr.
Crone said, that there is no compelling need for eCash. (Cybercash's
cybercoin product ran up against the same reality, but the Reston, Va.,
company is active in several payment modes, including credit cards.)
Cybercash's inroads in markets outside the United States with lower
credit card penetration -- Germany, Japan, the United Kingdom -- were
due to financial institution partners, Mr. Crone said. "Digicash did not
have the support we did."
David Stewart, vice president of Global Concepts Inc., Norcross, Ga.,
criticized Digicash for not bridging the physical and virtual worlds. He
said as currently configured, eCash compares unfavorably with MasterCard
International's Mondex venture, the Belgium-based Proton system, or
Avant of Finland, which are smart cards with an Internet transmission
Because eCash "needed on-line validation of tokens spent, clearing of
the transactions required authorization like a credit card," Mr. Stewart
Another strike against eCash, he said, was the lack of major financial
institution support in the United States, where there are constituencies
for Mondex, Visa International's Visa Cash, and Proton, which is
part-owned by Visa and American Express Co.
"Digicash needs to come up with an off-line electronic cash scheme and
have the backing of a serious player in the payments world," Mr. Stewart
The one U.S. participant, Mark Twain Bank, was acquired by Mercantile
Bancorp. of St. Louis 20 months ago. Larry Kirschner, Mercantile Bank
senior vice president of foreign exchange, said eCash "was not
profitable from the moment we inherited it.
"We tried to figure out how to make it profitable and for it to appeal
to our corporate and retail customers, to very little success," he said.
The bank ended its three-year experiment in September.
It had 5,000 eCash customers, about 20% of them in Mercantile's
eight-state Midwest territory and the rest on the two coasts. They held
"significantly less" than $100,000 in eCash accounts, Mr. Kirschner
"We didn't see a strategic fit for eCash," he said. "The revenue stream
was not there, the demand was not there, and quite frankly, it wasn't
going to be there."
The banker said eCash suffered because the public "did not have any
insecurity and did use their credit cards on the Internet."
But Mr. Loftesness said Digicash's board and backers have not lost faith
that "eCash is inevitable. The length of time and the amount of
financing to get there remain the key open questions."
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-10 23:29:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: fuck copyright (Re: Advertising Creepiness) (fwd) 
Right. In the movie "The Sting", they called this con "The Wire".
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-11 04:06:10
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NPR is at it again... 
Some commie law professor broad :-) is talking about how there oughtta be a
law against anonymous remailers, deja news, and various forms of "illegal"
The ganglia twitch...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-11 22:33:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: Risk Management is Where the Money Is; Trust in DigitalCommerce 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Dan Geer Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-12 07:12:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Mary Ellen Zurko; Jonah, IBM, Open Source, and Digital Commerce 
X-Sender: rah
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
          The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                       Presents
                     Mary Ellen Zurko
                    Security Architect,
                     Iris Associates
             "Oh Jonah, He lived in a whale",
                          or,
           How IBM decided to win in ecommerce
        by embracing standards and donating code
                Tuesday, December 1st, 1998
                       12 - 2 PM
             The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
               One Federal Street, Boston, MA
IBM was faced with the question a year ago of how to move from a slow
starter to a leader in security infrastructure for ecommerce. Our
traditional response to that sort of question had been "Hey kids, let's buy
a company!" However, innovative internal forces recognized the power of
the current standards and open source movements. We targeted the IETF PKIX
standards as the most likely to move ecommerce forward, hired a team of
experts in security and PKI and situated them in MA, drafted existing IBM
experts in CDSA and smart cards, put together the first cross
IBM/Lotus/Iris team and the first group with a charter to write freeware,
and delivered the initial code drop to the MIT web site hosting it in
September. The team and the freeware are called Jonah. This talk will cover
the background, current status, and future of the Jonah effort.
Mary Ellen Zurko is Security Architect at Iris, the folks who brought you
Lotus Notes. She previously worked at The Open Group. She spent the four
years before Jonah leading research in innovative and usable distributed
authorization solutions, which posited the solution of the distributed
authentication problem. Her current work on public key authentication and
infrastructures is karmic revenge for such hubris. She has published papers
in user centered security, roles based access control, WWW security and
high assurance operating systems. She is an organizer of the New Security
Paradigms Workshops and a member of the IW3C2, which runs the international
WWW conferences.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, December 1, 1998, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of
the Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch
is $32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware,
and the speaker's lunch. ;-).  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code:
jackets and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate
business attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since
we purchase these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the
price of your lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we
*really* know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of
Boston", by Saturday, November 28th, or you won't be on the list for
lunch.  Checks payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston
will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The
Harvard Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your
e-mail address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements
(We've had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for
instance), please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work
something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
January    Ira Heffan     Internet Software and Business Process Patents
February   Roland Mueller European Privacy Directive
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston
on the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston,
send "info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail
list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-13 21:22:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Nov. 15 column - felons with guns 
Resent-Date: Fri, 13 Nov 1998 03:31:54 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/590
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED NOV. 15, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    On the selective doling out of 'constitutional rights'
    T.T. writes in, in response to the Nov. 5 column in which I admitted
being a one-issue voter, rejecting any politician who won't trust me with a
  "Thank you, Vin, for raising the issue which has been bothering me for
quite a while:  when I read through the Bill of Rights, I cannot understand
why a convicted felon WHO HAS SERVED HIS OR HER TIME is, under the present
selective 2nd Amendment rights-lifting, not automatically and permanently
stripped of ALL of his or her rights, and not just the Second, plus voting:
  "Felon = no free speech, freedom to assemble, or, as you say, freedom to
go to the church of choice; no 3rd Amendment protections ... hey, quarter
those soldiers at will in the forever-felon's house! ... no 4th Amendment
protections, or 5th, or 6th (as you point out) nor 7th or 8th.  And of
course, the 9th and 10th are moot, since they're long-gone anyway for
everyone, felon and misdemeanor and non-convicted alike.
  "But if the power-geeks were to do this, why, then it would be too
blatantly obvious what was really happening, wouldn't it?
  "Best wishes, and thanks for keeping the faith so eloquently."
  I responded:
    #    #   #
  Yes. Does a felon, once he has "done his time" and "paid his debt to
society," again become a member of "the people" to whom all the rights in
the Bill of Rights apply, or not?
  If NOT, then indeed any government agency should be able to arrest anyone
who has EVER been convicted of a felony -- even a 90-year-old guy who
tended bar in a speakeasy in 1930 -- hold him without bond and without
letting him confront his accusers, in some foreign jurisdiction, torture a
confession out of him, convict him without a jury trial, and then subject
him to a cruel and unusual execution, all in secret. No problem with the
Bill of Rights -- it DOESN'T APPLY.
  Needless to say, under this evil premise, the government should also be
able to deny such a person the right to attend church, the right to publish
a newspaper or magazine, the right to own property which cannot be seized
on a bureaucrat's whim without compensation, etc.
  On the other hand, if that is NOT the situation which does or should
prevail, then it seems to me any former felon who is no longer on "parole"
has a right to vote and bear arms, along with all his other pre-existing
rights ... which after all are only ACKNOWLEDGED by the Bill of Rights as
having been ordained by the Creator, not actually "granted" therein.
  This business of creating different classes of citizens, with different
degrees of legal "disability," is the basis for virtually ALL the invasions
of our privacy -- up to and including the police numbering system on our
cars -- so frequently justified as "allowing us to check and make sure
you're not an escaping felon."
  (Note what a police state South Africa became, based on the simple notion
that one should have to show one's "racial identity card" to any policeman
who asked, to determine whether one had a right to be on a given street at
a given hour of the day -- and the sad absurdities it created, as visiting
Japanese businessmen were given passports declaring they were "white" so
they wouldn't have to suffer the indignities visited on South Africa's
native east Indian merchants, who carried second-class INTERNAL passports
identifying them as inferior "Asians.")
  There should be no NEED for me to ever "submit to a background check" to
prove I'm "not a felon." Felons should be in prison, or in the graveyard.
  "Parole" is the French word for "promise." If you can't trust a convict
to keep his "promise" not to acquire and carry a gun until his sentence
expires, then don't let him out on "parole." It's not (start ital)I(end
ital) who should have to suffer inconvenience or indignity because the
government wardens can no longer tell the difference between me and all
these convicted thugs they're allowing to wander the streets in plain
  Start repealing one law a day until you have enough jail cells to keep
those guilty of violating our REMAINING laws (you might want to to keep
murder, forcible rape, and armed robbery on the books, while tossing out
drug use, "money laundering," and failure to pay gun "transfer taxes") in
stir for their FULL SENTENCES.
  And set the rest of us free.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin The web
sites for the Suprynowicz column are at
 and
 The column is syndicated in the United
States and Canada via Mountain Media Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas
Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
The evils of tyranny are rarely seen but by him who resists it. -- John
Hay, 1872
The most difficult struggle of all is the one within ourselves. Let us not
get accustomed and adjusted to these conditions. The one who adjusts ceases
to discriminate between good and evil.  He becomes a slave in body and
soul. Whatever may happen to you, remember always: Don't adjust! Revolt
against the reality! -- Mordechai Anielewicz, Warsaw, 1943
* * *
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-14 02:19:27
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: dbts: Hettinga's Road Trip to London... 
After much hemming and hawing about plane and hotel arrangements, the final
confirmation from some conference organizers arrived this past Monday morning.
And, yesterday, the State Department promised me a passport on my doorstep
this coming Tuesday. So, it now looks like I'm going to London on next
Saturday's redeye to speak at the Internet Trading for Global Securities
Markets conference, Tuesday and Wednesday, November 24th and 25th at the
Hilton Olympia.
Because of some interesting economics of cheap hotel room-nights and dear
airfare, I'll be staying at the Hilton Olympia itself, on Kensington High
Street in London, from the morning of Sunday the 22nd to the morning of
Thursday the 26th.
This conference has been in the works for months, but we weren't really sure
everything was going to happen until, as usual, the last possible minute. I
bet a whole bunch of people registered right on the deadline, or something,
and they decided they had enough interest to pull the trigger. Oh, well, after
dodging those kinds of bullets myself getting the FC conferences and this
summer's Philodox Symposium off the ground, I should have expected it from
someone else in the same shoes.
We all have Duncan Goldie-Scott to thank for this trip, of course. For the
past few months, I've been writing a series of articles on digital bearer
transaction settlement for the Financial Times Virtual Finance Report, which
Duncan edits. I started with cash, and then bonds, and then equity. This month
I did derivatives. I've got three more left to do, I figure; one on
micromoney, the other two on the possible macro-, and micro-, economic
inplications of digital bearer settlement, and maybe one more, on possible
deployment strategy, if we get that far.
Since I started these articles, I have gotten quite a few pieces of fan mail
from Duncan's subscribers, and it has been quite fun. It also seems that some
of those folks are going to be at this conference. In addition, after all the
dust settled, Duncan himself was made chairman of the conference, so I expect
he's going to have his hands full when I get there.
As if that wasn't enough, Duncan has also arranged for me to talk privately to
some traders he knows at an investment/merchant bank whose name you would
recognize, and that should be quite interesting.  Duncan says that they've
been reading my articles, and they've got lots of questions to ask.
So, Duncan, thanks so much for all your good efforts evangelizing digital
bearer transaction settlement to your friends in the City. I'm positively
psyched to unleash the word hoarde in the Old World, fire up the patented
Hettinga rant machine on that side of the pond, and all that.
God help you all. :-).
So, if anybody wants to get ahold of me in London for a beer and a schmooze
while I'm there, (especially if you know someone crazy enough to pay my
extortionate personal appearance fee for some of my scarce free time ;-)), the
Hilton Olympia's address is 380 Kensington High Street, London W14 8NL, and
phone number's 0171 603 3333.
You can, of course, email me as well, but, since this is my first trip to
Europe, I expect that internet connections, power, etc., for my trusty
PowerBook 540c will be interesting, if not, um, creative. So, it might be a
good idea to contact Duncan , or at lest cc: him on
your communications with me regarding this trip, or while I'm actually there,
as he's going to be the Official Philodox "Bob-Handler" on this trip. :-).
Here's hoping that I meet some of you in London week after next!
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-14 02:48:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Duncan Frissell's "Blob" rides again... 
oooo guns on Ebay... this guy is such a dickhead.
A simple search of offerings listed on the Web site on Nov. 11 and 12
revealed the following: two cases of hypodermic needles, five sets of
Kevlar body armor, 33 AK-47 semi-automatic rifles, four lots of
Talon flesh-shredding ammo, one box of contraband Cuban
cigars, 11 lots of brass knuckles, 148 lots of federally banned switchblade
knives, six UZI submachine guns, one Mas 49/56 sniper rifle, three night
vision rifle scopes, one $3,500 pair of Leopard skin pants, a CDRom
containing the text of The Anarchists Cookbook as well as
instructions for how to build cable signal descramblers, how to obtain
Microsoft software for free, and how to get college degrees for free, 27
lots of drug accessories and head-shop paraphernalia, and 1,217 lots of
ivory items including a bag of elephant ivory dust.
(Microsoft is a partner in MSNBC.)
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-14 05:37:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Woops! Lest I forget... (was Re: dbts: Hettinga's Road Trip toLondon...) 
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Robert -
My name is Simon Fedida, a colleague of Duncan's.  Don't forget you are
giving a talk at the London Business School on Monday 23 November...so don't
accept too many
beer invitations on monday!!
Looking forward to meeeting you
-----Original Message-----
; e$ ; cryptography
; cypherpunks
; mac-crypto --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-14 14:33:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: New Electronic Financial Services Links 
X-Sender: johnmuller
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: New links that will shortly be added to the ABA Joint Subcommittee on
Electronic Financial Services Web site (
in no particular order:
Dept. of Commerce request for input on data privacy principles "safe harbor"
SEC announces 23 enforcement actions for Internet stock fraud
RISKS Digest Vol. 20 No. 6, Dan Geer - "Risk Management is Where the Money Is"
European Commission proposes a directive on distance selling of financial
European Commission proposes a framework for the European financial
services sector to facilitate cross-border operation
European Commission press release:  the EU Data Protection Directive takes
Federal Reserve announcement on enhanced settlement services
Federal Reserve announcement of reduction in fees for electronic payment
OTS policy statement on privacy of customer information
Journal of Information Law and Technology issue on Globalisation and
Papers from the 21st National Information Systems Security Conference
BCI - Northern Trust 2nd Circuit case under UCC Article 4A and common law
seeking a return of funds from an electronic funds transfer
Hogan Systems v. Cybresource 5th Circuit decision on copyright and trade
secret claims arising out of third party contractor use of software
licensed to a bank
FTC comments on proposed UCC Article 2B
The ERISA Industry Committee comments to the IRS on the use of new
technologies in retirement plans
Council of Europe - model contract clauses on transborder data flows
E*Trade invests in International Securities Exchange, an electronic options
exchange in development
Electronic Markets Vol. 11 No. 3 on electronic contracting
Adrian McCullagh article on Trust in Electronic Commerce
CheckFree and others form the Electronic Banking Association
John Muller
"Things are not as they seem, neither are they otherwise"
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-14 14:36:17
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DBS, Privacy, Money Laundering nonsense. 
Long-time DCSBers will remember Unicorn's talk on money laundering to us a
few years ago...
This more recent rant of his on the Digital Bearer Settlement list is about
the best articulation of his position that I've seen him write.
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Keywords: dbs
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Importance: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: tboyle comments:
In the case of some DBS advocates you are overstating the matter.  In the
case of others, vastly understating it.
Well let's examine this.  The view that all democratic countries have
banking laws really begs the question.  "What are the differences between
said laws."  I can tell you with solid authority, they are many.
I've often repeated this story here and elsewhere.  It's all a matter of
public record.
Set the way-back-machine to just after Reagan has entered office.  Ole Ron
began to crack down on tax evasion and in particular offshore havens.
Taxes would be cut, it was reasoned, but only if loopholes were filled and
evaders rooted out.  (Those of us old enough to remember might even recall
nodding at the sense of it).
This policy was particular hard on certain Caribbean nations.  This was the
time of operation Tradewinds (search for it in the congressional record)
and other IRS black projects where the IRS actually violated local law to
spy on foreign banks even going so far as to drug guards, steal the
briefcases of banking executives, perform unwarranted searches, bribe
foreign officials and all manner of nonsense to root out tax evaders which
might also be U.S. citizens.  For a long while there was a project which
opened and Xeroxed all the incoming mail at JFK which appeared to originate
from offshore havens.  This wasn't in the 50's mind you, but the 80s.  It
was acts like these which prompted the Swiss to strengthen their banking
secrecy during the Second World War.  Just another day in the park in the
U.S.  Just recently this year Mexico nearly indicted several U.S. law
officials for breaking Mexican law during the investigation of several
Mexican banks.  Clearly the practice hasn't abated much in the last 15
years..   (Note also that today all these methods (except for drugging
guards maybe) have their legal equivalents in the United States, which is
in itself a powerful statement).  This continued for some time back when
Ron was at the helm until the United States finally began to threaten to
revoke the U.S. charters of certain banks it considered uncooperative.  At
this point a visitor, unannounced, flew into D.C. and literally dropped by
the White House with no press coverage or fanfare at all in the late
evening.  That visitor was Margaret Thatcher and she proceeded to explain
to Ron over the course of a few hours that if he kept it up many of the
British Protectorates would literally have their economies crippled.
Literally overnight the matter was dropped and the offshore centers left to
quietly continue their business.
So much for democratic countries with universal ideas about banking law, or
the rule of "law and order" in banking regulation.
This is but one example.
Rule of Law - means little in the global-political scheme of things
Democratic Countries Have Banking Laws - none of which are consistent or
consistently applied
Money Laundering is a Key Piece of Organized Crime -
This begs a definition of Money Laundering.  "Concealing the proceeds of a
criminal act" sounds legitimate, but consider that it has been held to
apply to a store clerk who sold food stamps for cash and deposited the
proceeds in his personal (non-anonymous) checking account:  Indicted in
Federal Court for Money Laundering with a maximum possible term of 35
years.  (This is a prosecutorial tactic to get a guilty plea to the basic
theft charge).  Consider also that third parties often take it on the chin
with the wide definition currently applied.  Case in point: Ma and Pa
travel agency innocently accepts a deposit from notorious attorney of drug
dealer.  Their entire holding account is seized including the deposits of
some 700 other potential travelers.  After 7 years of fighting the seizure,
the money is finally returned, without interest.  (Effectively halfing the
value of the funds).  The business is ruined, its reputation in tatters.
Ma and Pa fight it out in bankruptcy, lose their house, most of their
retirement proceeds, etc.  In the process this case sets the precedent that
any amount of illicit funds ($1) deposited in any size account ($500
million) will render the entire account liable to seizure and permit it to
be held in lieu of forfeiture hearings.  That can go on for 7 years or so.
Money which is "laundered" has its title literally revert to the U.S.
Treasury.  This means third parties who innocently accept these funds are
liable for their return, even if they are passed on in the course of
business.  Beginning to seem silly?  Money laundering is an invented
offense.  It's definition in the United States has grown so broad so as to
be laughable, if not so frightening.  Do not think that these are isolated
So, money laundering in its commonly understood sense might be key to
organized crime, but what passes for money laundering in the United States
has little to do with it.
Myth:  Money Laundering laws have a serious impact on organized crime.
This is increasingly nonsense.  The United States spends close to
$22,000.00 to seize $1.00 of illicit funds.  Money Laundering today is
extremely sophisticated and enforcement doesn't catch the drug dealers, it
catches professional money launderers.  Today if you are a drug lord you
drop $30 million in cash with a professional launderer who cuts you a
"clean" check for 85% of that figure or so on the spot and takes the risk
of laundering the funds on his own.
Myth: Money Laundering can be detected accurately and effectively and leads
to drug and organized crime convictions.
Nonsense.  Assume for sake of argument that you could detect 99% of
fraudulent transactions with the measures in place (entirely impossible)
and that your false positive rate was only 1% (also entirely impossible).
SWIFT alone processes $2 trillion per day.  That's on the order of $600
trillion per year, just in SWIFT.  (Add another $1.3 billion for CHIPS and
$989 million for Fedwire daily.  Oh, don't forget the foreign exchange
markets, oh and NYSE, oh and NASDAQ, oh and international letters of
credit, oh and...)  The most sinister estimates of the global criminal
economy (primarily drug money) run around $400 billion per year.  Your
false positives will identify $6 trillion in naughty funds that are
actually pure just in SWIFT.  Your correct hits will identify $396 billion
in naughty funds in all systems worldwide.  In this example you will have
15 times as many false hits as correct hits ignoring the lionshare of world
financial systems.  This is under the very best of circumstances.  It's a
losing game..  It's a game only the mathematically challenged or
politically motivated will play.  In fact, money laundering is a tack on
offense that is brought to bear after an arrest on other charges has been
made.  The number of cases that originate with a money laundering
investigation is vanishingly small.
The payment system today eats up over 1.5% of the GNP primarily because of
nonsense regulations like CTR's and other transaction reporting
requirements which can cost up to $15 per transaction and (as we see above)
have little if any effect on professional money laundering.  Given these
numbers the degree of "fraud" in the world financial system is far better
than in the credit card system, which has pretty much reached equilibrium.
(Fraud accounts for about 5% of credit card costs.  Customer service
accounts for about 15%).
In the case of money laundering regulation I should say almost _no_ other
I would just like to see them applied with rationality.  It's fairly clear
that that's too much to ask of the United States.  Interestingly enough
it's typically multi-party systems of government that have a balanced
approach to money laundering.  Perhaps this is because grandstanding with
things like "the war on drugs" isn't as effective outside of a two party
system.  Sheds new light on your comment about democracies and banking
Some jurisdictions get along quite well without the nonsense perpetrated in
the United States.  Like Switzerland.  Switzerland has one of the nicest
things in a cash economy I have seen.  A freely circulated 1000CHF note.
It's worth about $750.  (The United States phased out $500 bills long ago
to deal with laundering).  In Switzerland you can drop a 1000CHF note at a
restaurant and no one bats an eye.  In the U.S. you cant take a cab home
from the International Terminal unless you have something smaller than a
$50.  Somehow Switzerland has manage to survive without looting in the
streets and rampant crime.  Luxembourg is in a similar situation.
I tried to purchase a car some years ago outside of D.C. with cash.
Completely legitimate transaction.  No interest nonsense for me to worry
about.  No waiting for the car while the check clears.  Simple.  Right?
The dealership called the police, convinced they were striking a blow
against drug dealers.
It's really gone too far.
Of course any student of political science will understand that where
government enforcement of contracts fails or falls short, organized crime
tends to move in.  Reporting fraud in the purchase of heroin to the right
enforcement cartel tends to be much more effective in rendering results
than U.S. courts I'd wager.  Clearly, the United States would not benefit
by forcing DBS underground.  Several jurisdictions will permit DBS and
enforce it.  (I'm involved in the legislative process for one such law in a
European jurisdiction now).  If you believe that DBS should be outlawed
then you must agree that cash should be outlawed.  There is effectively no
difference but velocity.
1% of the GNP.  Instant 1% growth for changing a system of clearing.  Think
about that for awhile.
What you are missing is that all your arguments apply equally to cash.  Why
is cash used if this is so?  Prove to me that you just gave me six $100
bills.  You are, "without any practical means to verify who got your money
or even a legal *right* to enforce a contract" if the transaction is larger
than $500.
If only we could be rid of this pesky cash would could eliminate organized
crime forever.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-14 14:34:24
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DBS, Privacy, Money Laundering nonsense. 
Keywords: dbs
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Importance: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: tboyle comments:
In the case of some DBS advocates you are overstating the matter.  In the
case of others, vastly understating it.
Well let's examine this.  The view that all democratic countries have
banking laws really begs the question.  "What are the differences between
said laws."  I can tell you with solid authority, they are many.
I've often repeated this story here and elsewhere.  It's all a matter of
public record.
Set the way-back-machine to just after Reagan has entered office.  Ole Ron
began to crack down on tax evasion and in particular offshore havens.
Taxes would be cut, it was reasoned, but only if loopholes were filled and
evaders rooted out.  (Those of us old enough to remember might even recall
nodding at the sense of it).
This policy was particular hard on certain Caribbean nations.  This was the
time of operation Tradewinds (search for it in the congressional record)
and other IRS black projects where the IRS actually violated local law to
spy on foreign banks even going so far as to drug guards, steal the
briefcases of banking executives, perform unwarranted searches, bribe
foreign officials and all manner of nonsense to root out tax evaders which
might also be U.S. citizens.  For a long while there was a project which
opened and Xeroxed all the incoming mail at JFK which appeared to originate
from offshore havens.  This wasn't in the 50's mind you, but the 80s.  It
was acts like these which prompted the Swiss to strengthen their banking
secrecy during the Second World War.  Just another day in the park in the
U.S.  Just recently this year Mexico nearly indicted several U.S. law
officials for breaking Mexican law during the investigation of several
Mexican banks.  Clearly the practice hasn't abated much in the last 15
years..   (Note also that today all these methods (except for drugging
guards maybe) have their legal equivalents in the United States, which is
in itself a powerful statement).  This continued for some time back when
Ron was at the helm until the United States finally began to threaten to
revoke the U.S. charters of certain banks it considered uncooperative.  At
this point a visitor, unannounced, flew into D.C. and literally dropped by
the White House with no press coverage or fanfare at all in the late
evening.  That visitor was Margaret Thatcher and she proceeded to explain
to Ron over the course of a few hours that if he kept it up many of the
British Protectorates would literally have their economies crippled.
Literally overnight the matter was dropped and the offshore centers left to
quietly continue their business.
So much for democratic countries with universal ideas about banking law, or
the rule of "law and order" in banking regulation.
This is but one example.
Rule of Law - means little in the global-political scheme of things
Democratic Countries Have Banking Laws - none of which are consistent or
consistently applied
Money Laundering is a Key Piece of Organized Crime -
This begs a definition of Money Laundering.  "Concealing the proceeds of a
criminal act" sounds legitimate, but consider that it has been held to
apply to a store clerk who sold food stamps for cash and deposited the
proceeds in his personal (non-anonymous) checking account:  Indicted in
Federal Court for Money Laundering with a maximum possible term of 35
years.  (This is a prosecutorial tactic to get a guilty plea to the basic
theft charge).  Consider also that third parties often take it on the chin
with the wide definition currently applied.  Case in point: Ma and Pa
travel agency innocently accepts a deposit from notorious attorney of drug
dealer.  Their entire holding account is seized including the deposits of
some 700 other potential travelers.  After 7 years of fighting the seizure,
the money is finally returned, without interest.  (Effectively halfing the
value of the funds).  The business is ruined, its reputation in tatters.
Ma and Pa fight it out in bankruptcy, lose their house, most of their
retirement proceeds, etc.  In the process this case sets the precedent that
any amount of illicit funds ($1) deposited in any size account ($500
million) will render the entire account liable to seizure and permit it to
be held in lieu of forfeiture hearings.  That can go on for 7 years or so.
Money which is "laundered" has its title literally revert to the U.S.
Treasury.  This means third parties who innocently accept these funds are
liable for their return, even if they are passed on in the course of
business.  Beginning to seem silly?  Money laundering is an invented
offense.  It's definition in the United States has grown so broad so as to
be laughable, if not so frightening.  Do not think that these are isolated
So, money laundering in its commonly understood sense might be key to
organized crime, but what passes for money laundering in the United States
has little to do with it.
Myth:  Money Laundering laws have a serious impact on organized crime.
This is increasingly nonsense.  The United States spends close to
$22,000.00 to seize $1.00 of illicit funds.  Money Laundering today is
extremely sophisticated and enforcement doesn't catch the drug dealers, it
catches professional money launderers.  Today if you are a drug lord you
drop $30 million in cash with a professional launderer who cuts you a
"clean" check for 85% of that figure or so on the spot and takes the risk
of laundering the funds on his own.
Myth: Money Laundering can be detected accurately and effectively and leads
to drug and organized crime convictions.
Nonsense.  Assume for sake of argument that you could detect 99% of
fraudulent transactions with the measures in place (entirely impossible)
and that your false positive rate was only 1% (also entirely impossible).
SWIFT alone processes $2 trillion per day.  That's on the order of $600
trillion per year, just in SWIFT.  (Add another $1.3 billion for CHIPS and
$989 million for Fedwire daily.  Oh, don't forget the foreign exchange
markets, oh and NYSE, oh and NASDAQ, oh and international letters of
credit, oh and...)  The most sinister estimates of the global criminal
economy (primarily drug money) run around $400 billion per year.  Your
false positives will identify $6 trillion in naughty funds that are
actually pure just in SWIFT.  Your correct hits will identify $396 billion
in naughty funds in all systems worldwide.  In this example you will have
15 times as many false hits as correct hits ignoring the lionshare of world
financial systems.  This is under the very best of circumstances.  It's a
losing game..  It's a game only the mathematically challenged or
politically motivated will play.  In fact, money laundering is a tack on
offense that is brought to bear after an arrest on other charges has been
made.  The number of cases that originate with a money laundering
investigation is vanishingly small.
The payment system today eats up over 1.5% of the GNP primarily because of
nonsense regulations like CTR's and other transaction reporting
requirements which can cost up to $15 per transaction and (as we see above)
have little if any effect on professional money laundering.  Given these
numbers the degree of "fraud" in the world financial system is far better
than in the credit card system, which has pretty much reached equilibrium.
(Fraud accounts for about 5% of credit card costs.  Customer service
accounts for about 15%).
In the case of money laundering regulation I should say almost _no_ other
I would just like to see them applied with rationality.  It's fairly clear
that that's too much to ask of the United States.  Interestingly enough
it's typically multi-party systems of government that have a balanced
approach to money laundering.  Perhaps this is because grandstanding with
things like "the war on drugs" isn't as effective outside of a two party
system.  Sheds new light on your comment about democracies and banking
Some jurisdictions get along quite well without the nonsense perpetrated in
the United States.  Like Switzerland.  Switzerland has one of the nicest
things in a cash economy I have seen.  A freely circulated 1000CHF note.
It's worth about $750.  (The United States phased out $500 bills long ago
to deal with laundering).  In Switzerland you can drop a 1000CHF note at a
restaurant and no one bats an eye.  In the U.S. you cant take a cab home
from the International Terminal unless you have something smaller than a
$50.  Somehow Switzerland has manage to survive without looting in the
streets and rampant crime.  Luxembourg is in a similar situation.
I tried to purchase a car some years ago outside of D.C. with cash.
Completely legitimate transaction.  No interest nonsense for me to worry
about.  No waiting for the car while the check clears.  Simple.  Right?
The dealership called the police, convinced they were striking a blow
against drug dealers.
It's really gone too far.
Of course any student of political science will understand that where
government enforcement of contracts fails or falls short, organized crime
tends to move in.  Reporting fraud in the purchase of heroin to the right
enforcement cartel tends to be much more effective in rendering results
than U.S. courts I'd wager.  Clearly, the United States would not benefit
by forcing DBS underground.  Several jurisdictions will permit DBS and
enforce it.  (I'm involved in the legislative process for one such law in a
European jurisdiction now).  If you believe that DBS should be outlawed
then you must agree that cash should be outlawed.  There is effectively no
difference but velocity.
1% of the GNP.  Instant 1% growth for changing a system of clearing.  Think
about that for awhile.
What you are missing is that all your arguments apply equally to cash.  Why
is cash used if this is so?  Prove to me that you just gave me six $100
bills.  You are, "without any practical means to verify who got your money
or even a legal *right* to enforce a contract" if the transaction is larger
than $500.
If only we could be rid of this pesky cash would could eliminate organized
crime forever.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-14 14:33:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DBS, Privacy, Money Laundering nonsense. 
Reminds me of something Vinnie Moscaritolo, my alter ego and Samoan attorney,
once said.
"'If we could just pass a few more laws' we could all be criminals."
Nonetheless, I think that DBS will be much more about economics than privacy
or even law. The contrapositive of Unicorn's excellent rant is that the market
for money "laundering" and financial privacy is a rediculuously small fraction
of the market for economic efficiency.
That digital bearer settlement gives us more or less perfect financial privacy
if done under certain conditions is much more a happy accident than anything
else, just like the cheapest way to do a transaction prior to blind signatures
and hash collisions was with book-entry transactions instead of paper bearer
I suppose it *might* turn out that you really *can* do an instantaneously
executing, clearing, and settling on-line realtime book-entry transaction,
for everything from pico- to quadridollars, and it would be cheaper, both
macroeconomically and microeconomically, than a digital bearer one, but I
just don't think it's possible at all.
And, of course, we wouldn't have coach fare to Cleveland without a bunch of
"fanatics" out there, prattling away about slipping the surly bounds of earth,
the joy of flight, and all that... ;-).
Thank god for the "fanatics", I say, but let's make sure we pay attention to
Bill Bradley's adage that it's bad luck to be behind at the end of the game.
Whatever is cheapest while still remaining a functional bearer protocol
wins, in other words.
And, in my book, "functional" means "functionally anonymous". It's just
cheaper that way. Having a plane that actually flies is way cheaper than
one which just goes fast down the runway, or even one which scoots along
nicely off the ground, but only in ground effect.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-14 22:41:07
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DBS, Privacy, Money Laundering nonsense. 
Oops. Looks like you weren't watching your >'s :-). You're actually
responding to Unicorn, not me. *He* was responding to something Todd Boyle
said (well, probably trolled, given his past behavior :-)) on the DBS list.
A sad story, though...
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-15 04:34:49
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DBS, Privacy, Money Laundering nonsense. 
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: Also Sprach Todd Boyle (tboyle
I think this is definitely true.  Particularly if it is *easy* to hide
the money stolen, as criminals may be expert in a particular field of
crime that is *not* financial -- it's already easy for a white-collar
criminal to hide money, using the same skills used in white-collar crimes
of other sorts, but not so easy for an armed robber.
Reducing trackability and improving the velocity of money *does*
do this, but it's a side effect of the more important (and wider spread)
effect of useful forms of money: increasing the severity and frequency
of all kinds of collusion and cooperation!  This is what money is
for -- exchange.  That criminal exchange uses DBS is just saying that
criminal exchange is a form of exchange.
Heh...I'd be afraid of saying this if I were married or ever planning to
be :)  On an archived list, no less... :)
This technology is layered (ooh, bad word to use in relation to money and
payment systems :).
I think you will agree with me that the
correct place for financial restraints (particularly voluntary ones,
for auditing purposes, which IMO are the most important -- it allows you
to say you are doing something, specify how it can be measured, and then
have it measured, rather than just having some vague after-the-fact threat
of enforcement if they catch you) on digital token money is not at
the following layers:
* Sub-atomic layer
* Atomic layer
* Hardware layer
* Network connection layer
and you seem to be making the case that it doesn't belong at the human/legal
layer.  However, there are two layers in the middle:
* application (core DBS protocols, etc.)
* presentation (graphical clients, etc.)
I believe the correct place for any voluntary restraints on DBS money is
not at the DBS protocol layer, but at a higher level.  This can be
built into the clients people choose to use for managing their money,
generate auditing reports, etc.  This provides people with the freedom
to use clients tailored to their legal requirements -- a corporation's
internal financial system should be far more complicated and constrained
than my personal wallet -- and makes it relatively easy for everything
to interoperate.
You can even design things at the levels higher than the DBS level to
escrow parts of coins with third parties, this requiring their participation
or approval for any transaction -- sort of a "registered DBS system".  If
you believe taxes are a worthwhile thing, a government could mandage the
use of such a system where the IRS was a party to each and every transaction.
This would work perfectly well technically, and would not compromise the
integrity of the protocols -- it's just a business decision on the part of
an issuer of electronic cash.  It's easy to see how this could work with
insurance schemes, split control of coins, etc.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-15 04:34:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DBS, Privacy, Money Laundering nonsense. 
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.0810.800
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: "Michael Alexander" as a minor correction, SWIFT 's main service is to exchange payment
messages to feed into e.g. Fedwire or CHIPS so that would be double
slowly on that: payment systems costs represent what economists call
'specific taxes' that is they inflict deadweight losses on the economy. More
efficient payment instruments such as some being based on bearer
certificates would per se lower GDP but lead to higher demand in theory.
Its effect would be as instant as a cut in other broad ones such as income
or capital gains that is it involves lag.
On the actual percentage of payment systems costs as % of GDP my
estimates are way higher. By simply taking clearing float days of the major
retail, business and interbank instruments, the figure is more like >2%
with current (low) interest for the U.S. and even higher for Europe. This
not take into account that a more efficient payment system with a higher
money velocity would lower the demand for transaction money among other
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-15 14:06:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Could E.M. Cordian be Matt Blaze in Disguise?  (Nah!) 
Isn't this fun???
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: vin
Status: U
identity of E.M. Cordian, the organizer of the DES Analytical Crack. See:
 is a pseudonym for Matt Blaze !
you endorse E.M. Cordian as Matt Blaze in drag. You could confuse a whole
lot of people who trust your insider knowledge of these steamy Net Affairs.
a scan of  Mr. Codrian's FAQ and published comments should make it apparent
that this suggestion is unlikely, if not perposterous.
claims that some mysterious "book" describing a cryptosystem identical or
equivalent to the RSA public key cryptosystem was published "years" before
Ron Rivest, Adi Shamir and Len Adelman  first published their RSA PKC
algorithm in April, 1977.  (It's well documented in the Cypherpunk
archives, Codrian assures us;-)
real Matt Blaze -- the guy who wrote the pithy Afterward to Schneier's
Applied Cryptography,II -- would know that this is not true.
from twenty people to fund a private research project which he felt had a
meaningful chance of casting DES as a NP-hard combinatorial problem and
attacking it with an appropriate combinatorial algorithm, I'd send a check
off tomorrow.
reports -- but be stimied on how to get five more.
unfortunately, he is not the real Matt Blaze. Not even a near-clone.
energy, and integrity in general circulation.
"Cryptography is like literacy in the Dark Ages. Infinitely potent, for
good and ill... yet basically an intellectual construct, an idea, which by
its nature will resist efforts to restrict it to bureaucrats and others who
deem only themselves worthy of such Privilege."
_ A Thinking Man's Creed for Crypto  _vbm.
 *     Vin McLellan + The Privacy Guild +     *
      53 Nichols St., Chelsea, MA 02150 USA <617> 884-5548
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-15 14:08:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Could E.M. Cordian be Matt Blaze in Disguise?  (Nah!) 
X-Sender: rah
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga Moi? ;-)
Now *why* would I do that to you, Vin?
Don't let those ol' Snakes of Medusa bite you, pal.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-15 22:15:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Could E.M. Cordian be Matt Blaze in Disguise? (Nah!) 
--- begin forwarded text
That you for CCing the enclosed message.
I must admit that I'm rather puzzled by it.  This is the first I've
head of an "E.M Cordian," or for that matter "M.F. Tones" or
"Mr. Rogue."  I am quite sure, however, that I am none of these
people.  I have also never seen, or claimed to have seen, any
description of the RSA algorithm, other than the the recently
declassified public key historical material from GCHQ, that predates
R, S and A's original paper on the subject.
I don't subscribe to the cypherpunks mailing list (or, for that
matter, DCSB), and I've only just now scanned over the web page
mentioned in your message, so I'm unclear as to what might be going
on.  Perhaps someone is confused about the $7.00 "better DES
challenge" that I offered last year (which was solved this year by the
EFF DES brute force hardware).
Whatever this is about, however, I assure you that any use of my name
in connection with a solicitation for funds for some sort of
"analytical DES cracking" effort, or any suggestion that I'm involved
in such a project, is absolutely false and perhaps fraudulent.
Feel free to forward this as you see fit.
-Matt Blaze
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-16 03:33:06
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Could E.M. Cordian be Matt Blaze in Disguise? (Nah!) 
Um, it's *meat* puppet, Rab, meat puppet...
Or, better, "Bwahahahahahahah!"
Seriously. Like most normal people, I hate saying facially outrageous
things in well-known watering holes and being wrong, but it's particularly
annoying when you're consistantly ambushed by self-appointed, um, holes of
another kind. Vin did this kind of vigorous error correction on me twice
now, on my own turf, in the past three weeks. Not only were both flames
about two standard deviations outside the bounds of altruistic desires to
correct the record, which even *I* can excuse once in a while ;-), this
kind of silly dreck is getting to be a positive habit with Mr. McLellan. I
mean, Socrates was right, and all that, but he was also a pain in the ass.
I fixed my problem with Mr. McLellan this morning, though. Mr. McLellan can
crusade against threats to his world view on someone else's list, I figure.
So, yup, mea fucking culpa. As Frank Lloyd Wright was fond of saying when
he'd been caught in a stretcher, or at least vigorously propounding an
error, "Well. There you are!"
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-16 05:06:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Plug: Check out wasp.org... 
is a site which belongs to WASP's author, and DBS and
DCSB member, Steven Smith.
When it's finished, the current version is about 70%-there alpha, WASP will
be an open source web application delivery platform written in JAVA for
Steve and I were talking about using WASP for digital commerce, financial
cryptography, and dbts applications Friday night, at Anthony's Pier 4,
during the Constitution Yacht Club awards banquet.
(Naw, not *that* kind of yacht club. CYC, while I'm plugging things, for
those of you who sail in Boston, charges all of $75/yr, and it mostly does
 'round-the-bouy races and
cookouts, all out of a one-room prefab houseboat clubhouse tied up at the
Constitution Marina in Charlestown. Steve graciously answered a cattlecall
on the DCSB list for crew this summer, and now does foredeck on Corisan,
the 1968 Columbia 38-footer a bunch of us old farts race on every Thursday
night in Boston harbor, when it's warm enough to, anyway.)
So, seeing that WASP is still being built, and Steve is crypto-clueful, I
thought I'd spam the crypto community (and a few others :-)) about WASP so
that Steve could get some comments on what he has now, and requests for new
stuff he can add to WASP. And, of course, since it's open source, to
solicit WASP additions, if WASP indeed doesn't suck, both crypto and
otherwise, from other clueful people both inside the country and otherwise.
The following is from Steve's FAQ on WASP, sans links, so it might read
strangely here in text.
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-16 11:09:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Could E.M. Cordian be Matt Blaze in Disguise? (Nah!) 
Bwahahahahah! (Or something like it, anyway...)
Nope. Nothing *that* serious. Something completely childish. He probably
won't even notice. ;-).
Bob Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-17 08:42:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: No Subject 
Newsgroups: talk.politics.crypto
Sender: owner-cryptography
Crack open your palm pilots and take note!  And please repost widely.  Our
mailing list (dccp along with the rest of eff.org, is sadly out
of commission.
DC Cypherpunks will hold a meeting at the Electronic Privacy Information
Center office in Washington, DC.
DATE:  Soon!  Saturday, November 21, 1998
TIME:  5pm
Featured speaker:  Richard Schroeppel, University of Arizona
The Hasty Pudding Cipher
"NIST is organizing the search for a new block cipher, the Advanced
Encryption Standard.  The Hasty Pudding Cipher is my entry in the AES
competition.  The design goals for HPC are medium security, speed, and
flexibility.  Hasty Pudding works with any block length and any key
size.  It is optimized for 64-bit architectures, operating at 200 MHz
on large data blocks.  Hasty Pudding introduces a new feature, Spice,
which allows useful non-expanding encryption of small blocks, even
single bits.  The cipher includes some unusual design principles."
Location:  Electronic Privacy Information Center
  	   Blue Line)
To get into the building, go around to the 7th street side next to the
flower shop and use the call box to call the EPIC office.  We'll buzz you
True to DCCP form, we'll probably hit a local resturaunt afterwards for
If you need more explicit directions, please contact Kathleen Ellis at
(202)298-0833 or ellis
For more information about the DC Cypherpunks, see our web page at
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-18 03:51:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCS-NY: Dec. 15 Meeting: Win Treese of Open Market 
Delivered-To: dcs-ny-announce
Lines: 110
Sender: owner-dcs-ny-announce
[If you know of people who may be interested in this meeting, please
feel free to forward this message to them.]
The next luncheon meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of New
York (DCS-NY), will be held on Tuesday, December 15th at 12:00. If you
are interested in attending, please RSVP and send in your check (as
explained below) as soon as possible. [Note: This month, DCS-NY will
be on the third Tuesday of the month, not the second, because of
scheduling conflicts.]
This Month's Luncheon Talk:
  It is now commonplace to claim that a "good PKI" [Public Key
  Infrastructure] is the technology that will enable the widespread
  growth of Internet commerce. But what does Internet commerce need
  from a PKI? Based on our experiences with many kinds of businesses,
  we will examine some of the real-world security requirements and how
  public-key systems may be appropriate or inappropriate solutions to
  those problems.
  Win Treese is Corporate Systems Architect at Open Market, Inc.,
  ( a leading vendor of software for Internet
  commerce. At Open Market, he has worked on many different products
  and systems, with a particular focus on security for commerce applications.
  He has previously worked at Digital Equipment Corporation's Cambridge
  Research Lab and at MIT's Project Athena. He is co-author of the book
  "Designing Systems for Internet Commerce" (
  In addition, he chairs the IETF Working Group on Transport Layer
  Security (TLS), and is program chair for the 8th USENIX Security Symposium
  (
WHAT IS DCS-NY?
The Digital Commerce Society of New York (DCS-NY) is a spin-off of
DCS-Boston (DCSB).  We meet once a month for lunch at the Harvard Club
of New York -- usually on the second Tuesday of the month -- to
explore the implications of rapidly emerging internet and
cryptographic technologies on finance and commerce.
If you are interested in attending our next luncheon meeting, please
follow the directions located below. If you merely wish to be added to
our e-mail meeting announcements list, you may send your e-mail
address to "dcs-ny-rsvp
PS We would like to thank John McCormack for his invaluable assistance in
procuring the venue for our meetings.

@_date: 1998-11-18 09:20:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FC: More on Network Associates and its crypto-politics 
X-Sender: declan
Sender: owner-politech
Reply-To: declan
X-Loop: politech
X-URL: Politech is at Cabe Franklin  forwards this statement from Wes
Wasson, director of marketing for Network Associates' security division:
TIS supports export controls on encryption products. My article:

@_date: 1998-11-18 23:21:21
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Nov. 22 bonus column - Year 2000 
Resent-Date: Wed, 18 Nov 1998 00:29:09 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/596
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    DUE TO LENGTH, PLEASE CONSIDER THIS YOUR BONUS ESSAY FOR NOVEMBER
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED NOV. 22, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    I don't know nothin' 'bout no Y2K
    OK, I admit it: I've been ducking the "Y2K" question.
  It's the most frequent inquiry I get, these days. And last weekend, while
participating in an electronic chat room organized by the Liberty
Roundtable, I had the questions come up several more times: "What do you
see happening in the Y2K crisis? To what part of the country should we move
to be safest?"
  For those who have been in a cave, "Y2K" is shorthand for the problem
that develops because -- computer memory having been at a premium -- the
programmers who set up many of our mainframe computers back in the 1970s
and '80s created only a two-digit field for "year."
  Now -- starting April 1, 1999, if not sooner -- operators are going to
try to program the computers that monitor our utility grids and phone
systems, the factory machinery that generates "just-on-time delivery" of
goods, even our railroad and airport switching equipment, giving those
machines their instructions for the first quarter of the year "00."
  But (pardon my anthropomorphing) many of those computers will "assume"
the year 00 happened 99 years ago.
  Anecdotes are already circulating about mortgage holders being billed for
99 years of delinquent interest, or supermarket debit machines rejecting as
"expired" brand new debit cards which carry expiration dates ending in "00"
or "01. "
  So far, opinion among thoughtful people has been split on the likely
repercussions. Some perfectly wise folks argue that our economy and
technology are the most innovative and resourceful ever devised. Even if
your bank's ATMs go on the fritz for a couple of days, even if the railroad
switching equipment bogs down and produce deliveries to your supermarket
grow spotty for a few weeks, armies of well-paid technicians will hurl
themselves into developing "work-arounds."
  To this way of thinking, survivalists who foresee the collapse of large
segments of our urban culture, putting a premium on ownership of a cow and
a well and a garden for the first time in 50 years, are merely engaging in
wishful thinking. Generally a bunch of Bible-thumpers (as this line of
thought goes), they would find it mighty handy for some kind of cosmic rain
of brimstone to wipe away the urban Sodom and Gomorrah they view as the
cause of all their problems, proliferating as that urban culture does the
legions of the socialists, the welfare queens, the abortionists, the enviro
bug-worshippers, the gun-grabbers. How fitting and handy to envision them
all killing each other off, fighting over the last moldy crust of bread.
  And, if the Y2K "crisis" were about to occur in perfect isolation, that
argument would hold some water (even if this revelation of a nation divided
into urban-versus-rural, East-versus-West, gun-lover versus gun-hater,
would be worth some further study, all by itself.)
  But remember, Y2K is "shorthand." And as it turns out, it stands for a
lot more than just "Year 2000."
  The problem is that -- not exactly simultaneously, but all within the
next couple of years -- a few other problems are likely to crop up. Without
predicting a specific order:
    #  #   #
  1) The fractional reserve banking system that dates back to the creation
of the Federal Reserve in 1912-13 is in deep crisis. Buoyed by the supposed
guarantee that the International Monetary Fund (our long-suffering friends,
the U.S. taxpayers) would bail out any failures, our "private" bankers (and
those of Japan) have been recording trumped-up double-digit returns by
loaning billions to such bankrupt chicken farms as Malaysia, Indonesia,
Russia,  Brazil, and Mexico.
  These loans are no good. And they are pyramided and leveraged atop one
another like something out of Dr. Seuss. In this country, too, the pursuit
of ever-higher returns and the presumption that everyone can live the good
life on credit have encouraged foolish loans and investments based on the
notion that the federal government "insures all deposits," and that we can
always pay off our debts with that raise we hope to get next year.
  Once these assumptions start to unravel, the only debate will be whether
to describe the fallout with references to "dominoes," or that old
favorite, the "house of cards."
  Remember, as Jimmy Stewart explains to his depositors every year in "It's
a Wonderful Life," the current system is based on the assumption (are you
noticing that word crop up a lot?) that only a small percentage of
depositors will ever want to take all their money out at the same time.
Otherwise, the banks would be, well, bankrupt. This kind of fraud is only
legal because the government specifically licenses people to do it, on the
theory that it "creates more credit, to promote economic growth."
  2) Then comes that old stalwart, the New York Stock Exchange. Prices
there have been many times what can be justified by traditional
price-to-earning ratios for years. That sounds arcane, but what it means is
that few investors are buying stocks these days because they've always
wanted to own a piece of  Hammermill or Coca-Cola, and look forward to
reading the annual reports and living off the dividends in their golden
  Dividends? Mere pennies! Folks buy these stocks today because the guy
who's selling them made an 18 to 21 percent return in 1997, and the buyer
hopes to realize 18 to 21 percent when he sells them in the year 2000.
 When the holder of a mutual fund can no longer even tell you what products
or services are offered by the underlying firms that issued the stocks in
his or her "portfolio," what you have is a "bubble." Think tulip bulbs,
Everglades building lots, Cabbage Patch dolls, baseball cards, beanie
    #   #   #
  3) Today's dollar is intrinsically worthless. First it was made of gold;
then it said "pay to the bearer in gold;" then silver, now it's a
certificate redeemable for exactly nothing. Dollar-denominated Treasury
bonds are also intrinsically worthless. They are merely a promise to tax
our children or grandchildren to pay us back in still more paper --
Libertarians call them "extortion futures."
  Bill Clinton is one of the luckiest men in history ... so far. Most
rational (non-Keynesian) economic models would predict that -- at the rate
at which the United States has been printing and passing worthless green
paper for the past 30 years -- we should be in the midst of a
hyperinflation that would make the Weimar Republic look boring. But the
funniest thing happened: All over the world, people love and respect
America as the font of freedom, and figure the dollar must really be worth
something -- certainly more than their worthless domestic ruble or zlotny.
So they hide dollars in their mattresses. Those dollars don't come back to
these shores to bid up the price of American goods. So we're fine ... so
  But there's a reason why the guys who get arrested by your local bunko
squad are called "con artists." Their stock in trade is "confidence."
  Remember Y2K? Imagine now that the ATM machines stop working. Since the
nation's major railroad switching yards are now entirely computerized --
the old manual switches were torn out years ago -- the grocery store runs
out of fresh produce. Some computer messes up at the sewage treatment
plant, and before they can figure out a manual override some sewage backs
up into the reservoir. Suddenly you're warned to boil your cooking water,
like some barefoot Third World peasant. Without explanation, the phones go
  Long lines form as folks start panic-buying remaining supplies of
gasoline, kerosene lanterns, and canned goods -- price no object. There are
a few fistfights over the last rolls of toilet paper. Pressed by jealous
mobs to "do something," blustering politicians declare that anyone who
stores too much stuff is a "hoarder." Neighbors are encouraged to turn in
neighbors -- offered a reward from the seized goods when they're
  Every electronic alarm in the city goes off all at once, leaving police
and fireman scurrying around, clueless. Some looting starts -- after all,
it's the "hoarders" who are the real criminals, right? TV pictures of all
this go out overseas, until the broadcasts are limited "to prevent panic."
  What has just been lost? "Confidence." Now folks want to draw out their
bank accounts in cash. They want to sell their stocks ... but how can
everyone sell when the prices are falling so quickly that there are no
buyers, and the phone lines to your broker are tied up for days on end?
 4) There is no "Social Security Trust Fund." The thief you keep sending
back to Congress helped them spend it all. Already, the retirement age is
being raised, and there's serious talk of "means testing" payments -- only
making full payments to the drunks and losers and compulsive gamblers who
accrued no other savings or assets. Kind of like taxing all the industrious
little ants, but only paying off the lazy grasshoppers. Sound like a
"guaranteed annuity" to you?
  Assurances of ongoing "Trust Fund" solvency are based on the optimistic
assumption (there's that word again) that Social Security payments by
younger workers will continue at current levels.  But what if there's a
recession, with big layoffs? What if the computers at the IRS are rumored
to be down as of late 1999? What if lots of people decide to just stop
filing and paying federal taxes in early Year 2000, on the theory, "They're
off line, anyway. If we ALL stop, they can't come find ALL of us"?
  (This would never have happened in the 1950s, of course, when American
taxpayers -- generally paying less than 5 percent of gross income so you
could still support a family on one salary -- considered it "our"
government and were proud to do their patriotic duty at tax time. But since
then the liars have brought us Vietnam, Watergate, Chinagate, Filegate,
Ruby Ridge, and Waco ... IRS auditors and drug police routinely referring
to average Americans as "scum" and gleefully seizing our homes, businesses
and bank accounts, tens of thousands of young people jailed for marijuana
despite popular votes to legalize the stuff, defendants railroaded by smug
federal politician-judges without even being allowed to read the Bill of
Rights to their juries.
  Still consider it your "patriotic duty" to feed this beast with half of
what you earn? Or did you think your pal the congressman was suddenly,
desperately searching for "an alternative to the IRS" just out of the
goodness of his heart?)
   And what happens now to the carefully-drawn charts that show Social
Security is "sound until the year 2012"?
    #   #   #
  Irresponsible speculation?
  If so, I'm not alone. Appearing in Las Vegas on Tuesday, Nov. 17, U.S.
Sen. Bob Bennett, R-Utah, chairman of a Senate Special Committee on the
Year 2000 Technology Problem, said turn-of-the-century computer glitches
could cause "an economic downturn" in the United States and abroad.
  "Potentially, this could tie up huge parts of the economy," Sen. Bennett
told John G. Edwards of the Las Vegas Review-Journal, after a private
meeting with executives at the Comdex computer trade show. "There will be a
problem. There is no question that we can't fix everything that needs to be
fixed (over the next 14 months)."
  Sen. Bennett told the newspaper he believes less developed countries in
Asia, Africa and South America will be most affected by Y2K problems,
though they're reportedly "working hard" to resolve the computer glitches.
"My current assumption is that the United States will overcome this without
overwhelming, crippling problems," the senator proclaimed.
  Then he said he is also concerned about how the millennium bug will
affect the health care industry.
  "I wouldn't want to get sick in some rural hospital," the senator said,
  Meantime, the Sacramento Bee reported (also on Nov. 17) results of an
August poll that shows most California cities and counties have a plan to
eradicate the year 2000 bug ... "but less than half have set aside the
money to pay for it."
  Feeling reassured?
  Into this potential maelstrom, toss three wild cards:
  1) If Americans, hypothetically told at some future date that stocks and
bonds have fallen to one-third of their previous nominal values, could be
counted on to behave like sophisticated, diversified investors, saying "Oh
well, you win some, you lose some," then the market could indeed fall by
two thirds without causing a meltdown.
  But the behavior of large groups of people, once they start moving, is
rarely so rational. Would you want to be the last one on your block to cry
  When a market crashes, folks lose their jobs. What happens then to folks
who have no hard savings or supplies but plenty of debt ... who have barely
been keeping their heads above water? What liberties -- yours as well as
theirs -- would they then gladly trade for a steady supply of hot porridge?
  2) The kind of people who gravitate to government "service" never
voluntarily accept blame, but they (start ital)are(end ital) always looking
for ways to expand their power. Can you spot any aspects of these "Y2K"
scenarios that might give government agencies an excuse to seize more
power; to further restrict our freedoms under the guise of "offering relief
and restoring order"; and then to blame the whole situation on someone
else. "Greedy capitalists," perhaps, who have been operating with "too
little regulation"?
  3) We will be increasingly reassured that "the best minds" are hard at
work re-writing computer code to prevent any of this from happening. But
computer nerds and denizens of the Internet are, in my experience, the most
free-thinking, libertarian ... even anarchist residents of our little
global village. They are immensely confident in their self-sufficiency. And
they do not like Big Brother -- especially when he threatens to mess with
their privacy and freedom.
  So ... what if a few of them are only (start ital)pretending(end ital) to
fix the problem? It may take a village to raise a socialist, but it
wouldn't take many Y2K saboteurs to seize this opportunity to "topple the
    #   #   #
  A long way around to a relatively short answer: No, I'm not a
professional financial advisor. But yes, I know exactly what is going to
happen. Everything listed above is going to happen. I just don't know
(start ital)when(end ital) each thing is going to happen, or in what
particular order -- which is what you really need to know, if you think
about it.
  But since there's no real penalty for being "too prepared" -- other than
perhaps looking a bit foolish -- I will fearlessly give a little
(absolutely amateur) advice, which should apply in the face of almost
(start ital)any(end ital) unforeseen emergency. (And if you start preparing
yourself for the smaller emergencies now, at least you'll be part-way
  Pay down your debts. Turn a hobby into a second, part-time business ... a
small but separate income stream. Diversify. Owning a bunch of "funds" with
different names, which are in fact all dollar-denominated electronic blips
at some government-regulated bank or brokerage house, is not sufficient. Do
you own any bullion-value gold coins (not coins with grossly-inflated
"collector value," but coins priced at no more than twice their meltdown
worth)? Have you hidden away any bags of "junk silver" (pre-1965 real
silver dimes and quarters, now selling at about four times face value)? Do
you have a supply of greenbacks somewhere other than "in the ATM?" Enough
to live on for a week? A month?
  Rich folks can look into Swiss annuities. But even those of moderate
means can think about a beat-up looking American pickup truck ... with
enough dough left over to stockpile an extra water pump, an extra fuel
pump, extra tires and wheels, an extra battery ... and some wrenches, you
  Don't panic. Don't sell everything and move somewhere to become an
unemployed stranger ... unless you really have the assets, the manpower,
and the handyman skills to set yourself up right. Do consider whether you
could dig a well (or drink out of the creek) and plant a vegetable garden
where you live, should things get tough for a time. If not, do you have
friends or relatives within driving distance, where such things are
possible? Would they take you in if you arrived as an unwashed beggar? For
how long?
  But what if you were to contact them now, asking permission to store some
supplies there, and even to help finance their plans to fix up a room in
the loft, to till and fence a bigger garden, or to share the costs and
ownership of a four-wheel-drive vehicle? What then?
  Do you have water and non-perishable food stored to get you through a
week? A month? (Freeze-dried gourmet camper's fare is fine for the
well-heeled, as are surplus Army MREs. But bulk rice, oats, and dried peas
in plastic tubs are surprisingly cheap, if you shop around.) More than a
week's supply of toilet paper, soap, and other hygiene products? Pet food?
  The doctors and insurance companies don't want you to stockpile the
prescription medicines you legitimately need, do they? How hard have you
worked at outsmarting them? As a last resort, think "veterinarian."
  Do you have alternative ways to heat and light your home, if the power
were to go down? (Residents of blizzard country will actually have a head
start, here.) If not, is that because you look forward to someday living in
a "government resettlement camp"?
  Could you protect your family and belongings from home invaders, if the
police could not be reached? Would your neighbors help? Would you help
(start ital)them(end ital)? Do you even know their names?
  Do you own any firearms? Are they listed on government pre-confiscation
lists? Why? Do you know why shotguns and handguns are generally better
home-defense weapons than rifles? Do you know with what types of bullets or
shells it's best to load such weapons for home defense? Got any? Why not?
Afraid that once you start to learn new stuff it might become a habit?
  Dying during a crisis is not the worst thing that can happen to you. I
imagine that watching the suffering of those who counted on you to protect
them can be much worse.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin The web
sites for the Suprynowicz column are at
 and
 The column is syndicated in the United
States and Canada via Mountain Media Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas
Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
The evils of tyranny are rarely seen but by him who resists it. -- John
Hay, 1872
The most difficult struggle of all is the one within ourselves. Let us not
get accustomed and adjusted to these conditions. The one who adjusts ceases
to discriminate between good and evil.  He becomes a slave in body and
soul. Whatever may happen to you, remember always: Don't adjust! Revolt
against the reality! -- Mordechai Anielewicz, Warsaw, 1943
* * *
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-25 07:06:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: :-) 
Resent-Date: Tue, 24 Nov 1998 10:39:41 -0500
X-Authentication-Warning: qnx.com: localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use HELO
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
X-Mailing-List: <0xdeadbeef archive/latest/274
X-Loop: 0xdeadbeef
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Status: U
Forwarded-by: Chris Wedgwood Newsgroups: alt.folklore.computers
: Microsoft slapped two more lawsuit against one teenager and one
: retired worker for using pirated Windows 98 software.
: For your information on how Microsoft actually trace
: PIRATED/COPIED/UNLICENSED Windows 98:
: Whenever you logon into the Internet, during the verifying password
: duration. Your ISP (Internet Service provider eg:SingNET, PacNET,
: CyberNET, SwiftNET) will download a SUB-REGISTRY ENCRYPTED HEXADECIMAL
: (containing all your PROGRAMS serial numbers installed into Win98!!)
: file from your Windows 98 registry. Then they send this SUB-REGISTRY
: to Microsoft for verification. And ONLY Microsoft knows how to decode
: this encrypted hexadecimal file. If Microsoft verified that the serial
: numbers are authentic, then they WILL REGISTER THOSE NUMBERS FOR YOU
: A-U-T-O-M-A-T-C-A-L-L-Y !!!
: And if Microsoft denied those serial numbers, then they will send an
: E-Mail to the ISP you dialed into and your ISP will start tracing
: everyone who logons to their systems. That's why during sometime for
: no reason your Internet started slowing down. And if your ISP verified
: that the SUB-REGISTRY ENCRYPTED HEXADECIMAL file is yours, they will
: send
: your information over to Microsoft Singapore. And there they will
: decide whether to take actions or not.
And then, if they _do_ decide to take action, black helicopters start
circling your house, using mind-control rays to bend you to Microsoft's
will.  If this doesn't cut it (say, you're wearing a tin-foil hat), the
men in black show up and remove your whole computer, and then use their
memory-zapping thingy to erase any memory of ever having a computer.
You'll then be officially branded as a dangerous outlaw subversive type
(even though you no longer have your PIRATE/COPIED/UNLICENSED software,
you've demonstrated that you're the type of person who will _get_ such
software) and will not be able to get jobs, insurance, loans, etc.  MS
will tap your phone, and their agents will follow your every move.
: There is already 54 cases in Singapore regarding uses of
: PIRATE/COPIED/UNLICENSED Windows 98.
Finally, when the revolution comes, MS will see to it that your house is
high on the list of sites for the UN invaders to hit with tactical
: Is there any Substance to this Email ??
It's all true.  I had to go public with this information, even though
the MS stormtroopers will doubtless show up at any second now.  The
people have a right to know.  DON'T EVER GO ON LINE!!!  YOUR LIFE
DEPENDS ON IT!!!!
: Do you Guys think that there exists such a registry in Windows 98
: Has microsoft sued anybody for illegal use of it ??
Sued?  SUED???!!?  When MS gets through with you, you're going to WISH
that they'd jusT SUED you!  These people are EVIL!!! They kidnapped my
dog and G$% f
NO CARRIER
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-26 08:06:01
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Nov. 29 column - Christmas book giving 
Resent-Date: Wed, 25 Nov 1998 00:40:16 -0700
X-Sender: vin
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/599
X-Loop: vinsends
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
Status: RO
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED NOV. 29, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    Give a dangerous book for Christmas
    Pickings have been a little slim, I must admit, for my annual Christmas
book column.
  At the risk of emulating the editors of Rolling Stone, with whom I parted
ways when they started dismissing all the best music of the '70s as
"derivative" (heck, what isn't, Parker and Coltrane are "derivative," and I
happened to (start ital)like(end ital) Eric Carmen and the Raspberries) --
I must admit a certain deja vu at reviewing the 1998 literary crop. These
volumes don't just remind me of better works which made the list in former
years, they often (start ital)cite(end ital) those books, at length.
  1) Well worth mentioning is a "how-to" paperback of about 180 pages, and
one of the few volumes I've read cover-to-cover of late, "Boston on Guns &
Courage," by the pseudonymous Boston T. Party, available from Javelin
Press, P.O. Box 31, Ignacio, Colo. 81137-0031. The book is $17, or $10.20
apiece for six to 31 copies, but the publishers quirkily request payment
only in cash (that gets you an autographed copy) or payee-blank
(negotiable) money orders , threatening to return checks of money orders
with a named payee.
  Mr. Party is of the opinion that the "thugs" who outlawed the private
possession of gold in 1933 "should have been strung up from the first day,"
and properly dismisses many modern gun owners as "serfs with guns,"
demanding "If you won't fight for your Liberty, then sell your guns to us
now before they're confiscated without compensation."
  He then spends the bulk of his book running through the options for
Americans who have finally decided to arm themselves against incipient
tyranny, running through the pros and cons of each caliber and type of
weapon; gun safety; current and likely future gun control laws; how to buy
guns without having them registered ... a handy little book, even if it's
sketchy in places.
  Of course, I disagree with many of the author's specific recommendations.
(In .308 battle rifles, if you can believe it, Mr. Party actually favors
the tin-and-plastic Belgian FN-FAL over the sturdy American M-14 and its
civilian version, the M-1A. Of taste there is certainly no accounting. And
it's a tad careless to recommend the Soviet Tokarev SVT 40 -- "very nicely
made" -- given the weapon's well-known propensity to shred its own firing
pins, isn't it?)
  But in this author we find a kindred spirit,  correctly reporting that
"The feds hope to 'decapitate' the Freedom Movement by simultaneously
arresting and/or eliminating several hundred key people," something they've
already demonstrated with their infiltration via agents provocateurs of the
burgeoning 1990s militia movement, albeit not quite "simultaneously."
  The author quotes Arthur B. Robinson explaining "The gun controllers are
not deterred by the facts about guns and crime, because their primary fear
is not of criminals. They fear ordinary Americans whose lives and freedom
their policies are destroying. In this fear and in their world, they are on
  He gathers together great swatches from books which have already made
this "Most Dangerous" list in previous years (and which are still highly
recommended), including L. Neil Smith's "Pallas," Bill Branon's "Let Us
Prey," Jim Bovard's "Lost Rights" (Laissez-Faire Books at 800-326-0996),
Claire Wolfe's "101 Things To Do Till the Revolution" (Loompanics at
800-380-2230, or Laissez-Faire), and of course John Ross' masterful novel
of the put-upon gun culture, "Unintended Consequences" ($28.95 from
hard-to-find Accurate Press in St. Louis, so try Paladin Press at
800-392-2400, or else Loompanics), from which we again hear:
  "These government slugs ban our guns and they ban our magazines and they
ban our ammo. They ban suppressors that make our guns quieter and then they
ban outdoor shooting ranges because our guns are too loud. They ban
steel-core ammunition because it's 'armor-piercing,' then they close down
our indoor ranges where people shoot lead-core bullets because they say we
might get lead poisoning. ...
  "If we sell one gun that's gone up in value, they can charge us with
dealing firearms without a federal dealer's license, which is a felony. If
we get a dealer's license, they say we are not really in business, and
report us to our local authorities for violating zoning ordinances by
running a commercial venture out of a residence. ...
  "Then, if they suspect we've ignored the $200 tax process, on the guns
where the wood and steel is too long or too short, they'll spend over a
million dollars watching us for months, then they'll shoot our wives and
children or burn us all alive," for which no federal agent has ever spent a
single night in jail.
  And this, mind you, in a nation with a Constitution which guarantees the
federal government will never, in any way, "infringe" the right of the
people to keep and bear military-style arms.
    #   #   #
  2) With a lot less politics and a lot more pictures, my second selection
this year is also a gun book, Timothy Mullin's "Testing the War Weapons,"
in which the author actually carries around and test fires virtually every
surplus military long arm a modern American can lay hands on (and several
we cannot -- who's going to buy (start ital)me(end ital) a Flapper-era,
$3,500, fully-automatic Belgian FN-D?), from the widely-ridiculed Italian
Carcano ("the JFK rifle"), to the grossly overrated German Gewehr 3. Based
on his own quite sensible criteria, Mr. Mullin then fearlessly reports
which of these guns actually prove far handier in the field than one might
expect ... and which prove quite the opposite.
  It's a marvellous project well carried out, in which anyone interested in
old (or not-so-old) military firearms is likely to find a few pleasant
surprises - and probably something to argue with.
  One very big demerit to the editors at Paladin Press  (P.O. Box 1307,
Boulder, CO 80306) for the mediocre quality of the B&W photo reproductions
in "Testing the War Weapons," and for the horrendous proofreading. But this
is still a wonderful book, in 8X10 trade paperback at about $40.
  3) No, our friends and relatives are not going to be reading only about
guns this holiday season. Anyone interested in alternative medicine or the
"War on Drugs" should be happy to receive Steve Kubby's heartfelt and (in
the end) heartwarming book, "The Politics of Consciousness," from
Loompanics Unlimited, P.O  Box 1197, Port Townsend, Wash. 98368.
  Again, Mr. Kubby's work stands on the shoulders of such predecessors as
Jack Herer ("The Emperor Wears No Clothes", Hemp Publishing, Van Nuys,
Calif.), Terence McKenna ("The Archaic Revival," from Bantam Books, and
"Food of the Gods,"  from HarperCollins), and Schultes & Hofmann ("Plants
of the Gods," Healing Arts Press, Rochester, Vermont) which are widely
cited here, and highly recommended (by me) in their own right.
  Mr. Kubby (this year's Libertarian candidate for governor of California,
I believe) is one of those who has come to realize that the War on Drugs is
not merely puritanism given the backing of armed government in violation of
the First Amendment, but something much more insidious and evil yet:
nothing less than the denial of the mental and spiritual health which
mankind is meant to be allowed to achieve, through the direct religious
experiences of the entheogenic (hallucinogenic) plants.
  Chapter headings like "The War on Freedom," "Criminalizing Nature,"
"Western Civilization is the Disease," "Molecular Theology," and
"Downloading the Cosmic Design" give some idea of the delightful
subversiveness of this 150-page, 8X10 paperback, with its psychedelic
cover. But if you want to do some smug Drug Warrior's psyche more harm than
would likely be accomplished by 250 micrograms of orange sunshine, simply
get him or her to read the six-page chapter "Manna from Heaven."
  What (start ital)was(end ital) the bread that fell like rain from heaven
in Exodus Chapter 16, verse 4? What (start ital)was(end ital) the "small
round thing" that "lay as small as the hoar frost on the ground," which had
to be eaten immediately in the morning, lest it "breed worms and stink"?
What (start ital)was(end ital) the God-given substance which was so holy to
the Israelites that they later placed the last of it in a golden pot in the
Ark of the Covenant (Hebrews, Chapter 9, verse 3)?
  Order up a bunch of Mr. Kubby's liberating book, and spread them around.
    #   #   #
  4) Finally comes a book I firmly and fearlessly  recommend, while I also
feel obliged to place my readers' interests above any possible sensitivity
of the author, and thus to offer an unusual caveat:
  Just as some patrons of the visual arts have found delight in the very
refusal of such "primitives" as Grandma Moses to study the rules of
perspective and photographic realism, celebrating on its own terms the
resultant cross between "professional" painting and the decorative folk art
of the quilted bedspread, so must I note that the novel "TEOTWAWKI -- The
End of the World as We Know It," by James Wesley, Rawles (comma as
written), soon to be released in trade paperback from Huntington House
Publishing as "Patriots: Surviving the Coming Collapse," succeeds in a
similar dimension between professional fiction and the delightfully naive
tale-telling of children and the childlike.
  I got my copy - an 8X10 Internet download with a color-copied cover --
from Mike McNulty (author of the Academy Award-nominated video "Waco: The
Rules of Engagement" -- which should be on this list even if it's not a
book) and Bob Glass, publisher of the promising new magazine "The Partisan:
Journal of the American Freedom Fighter" ($20 per year from P.O. Box 1085,
Longmont, CO 80502) at this year's Soldier of Fortune Expo.
  Still hunting for the first good book to be based on the upcoming "Y2K"
crisis, I dug in ... and discovered that Mr. Rawles has indeed put together
a thoughtful, thought-provoking, and well-researched survival manual,
indicating in highly pragmatic terms how folks might well prepare for
social unrest or breakdown of our established economic, commercial and
political order in years to come -- prepare not just to squat on some piece
of dirt, mind you, but to actually maintain a civilized lifestyle.
  Then, Mr. Rawles opted to deck out this intriguing, useful research as a
work of fiction so bad -- by any traditional measure -- as to cross the
line on many occasions into unintentional knee-slapping hilarity.
  The good guys pray to Jesus before each militia foray, and resist
dividing up the gear even of their dead comrades, since that would be
"stealing." The bad guys are -- I think I've got this right -- homosexual
communists who actually carry around copies of Mao's Little Red Book, and
who get their nourishment by preserving the best body parts of the little
human babies they murder in their travels. Eventually, Idaho is invaded (of
course) by a gang of U.N. mercenaries out of Brussels, though of course
they and their tank columns are eventually defeated by the ingenuity and
just plain spunk of the outnumbered Patriot defenders.
  Subtlety? Ambiguity? Not here in God's country, pardner. This thing makes
the movie "Red Dawn" (which I also love) look restrained.
  And yet, in the midst of the nonsense, Mr. Rawles really can write a
quite moving, effective, and realistic scene, as when a lone patriot
rifleman in a well-chosen position sacrifices himself to inflict dozens of
casualties on an advancing enemy column, holding them up for most of a day.
  But I have given fair warning: Just as Mr. Churchill admitted democracy
was a terrible system -- except when compared to all the alternatives -- so
is TEOTWAWKI a jaw-droppingly lunkheaded piece of fiction ... behind which
is hidden a quite useful book, the first useful working sketch of a "Y2K"
scenario which I have yet discovered ... unless we count "Atlas Shrugged"
or "A Canticle for Liebowitz" or "A Boy and His Dog," of course. Which we
probably should.
  (Mr. Rawles also sells pre-1899 antique firearms, which can be purchased
via mail order without federal controls, via Clearwater Trading Co., P.O.
Box 642, Penn Valley, Calif. 95946 -- e-mail rawles -- a fine
fellow, surely.)
  Order one of his remaining self-published copies through the same Penn
Valley address at about $28, or via Patriot Products, 6595 Odell Place,
Suite G, Boulder CO 80301, or ask your local bookstore to locate a copy of
the new Huntington House edition, "Patriots: Surviving the Coming Collapse"
(ISBN 1-56384-155-X) from their wholesalers, or via the Huntington House
toll free order line at 800-749-4009.
  And have a merry Christmas.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin The web
sites for the Suprynowicz column are at
 and
 The column is syndicated in the United
States and Canada via Mountain Media Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas
Nev. 89127.
Vin Suprynowicz,   vin
The evils of tyranny are rarely seen but by him who resists it. -- John
Hay, 1872
The most difficult struggle of all is the one within ourselves. Let us not
get accustomed and adjusted to these conditions. The one who adjusts ceases
to discriminate between good and evil.  He becomes a slave in body and
soul. Whatever may happen to you, remember always: Don't adjust! Revolt
against the reality! -- Mordechai Anielewicz, Warsaw, 1943
* * *
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-11-28 08:18:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Otaku Defined 
Resent-Date: Thu, 26 Nov 1998 05:31:08 -0500
X-Sender: dphelan
Resent-From: wear-hard
X-Mailing-List:  archive/latest/5977
X-Loop: wear-hard
Precedence: list
Resent-Sender: wear-hard-request
Status: U
Nerds of a Feather
Defining OTAKU
by Bill Marsh
IN TOKYO a recently arrived friend calls, wants to know daishikyu (ASAP,
yesterday) what otaku means. He's just been told by a mutual acquaintance
that no serious student of contemporary Japan could possibly not know this
word-yet his Japanese accuser, when
asked to define otaku, refuses even to try.
It isn't easy.
Once upon a time, this word-which taken alone translates as "[your]
honorable house"-was no more than an obsequious, laboriously indirect way
to say "you" or "you and yours." Snobs and bluestockings will use it, but
there's nothing inherently sinister about the
expression. The story doesn't end there.
Japan has long produced bumper crops of korekuta ("collectors" of rare
stamps, cars, etc) and mania (folks with a "mania" for Beatles bootlegs,
etc) who gather at conventions to compare notes and stockpiles. Haughty yet
insecure, many greet each other by asking, Otaku wa nani o nasatteru desu
ka? This fastidious formula for inquiring "What're you into?" or "What's
your thing?" became a trademark, prompting trend-watchers to smugly label
them otaku-zoku (nerd tribes).
Enter Tsutomu Miyazaki, arrested in 1989 and eventually charged with the
abduction and murder of four little girls. Here was a man capable of
videotaping himself cutting up a dead child and sending her bones, the
video, and photos of her sandals and clothes to the
victim's parents in a cardboard box. When a search of his premises
uncovered an eclectic collection of 5,000 videotapes, the image of otaku as
benign, shy dorks disintegrated.
Surprise! Japan's police and media, used to playing to the crowd and
blandly riding herd on the occasional misfit, discovered during the
affluent 1980s that their grip on a population easily tamed by fears of
what the neighbors might think was slipping. Popping up all over were
intense, asocial creatures on very private missions for very private gods.
Shunning contact with all but their brethren in obsession, they sent to
o-mawari-san (the neighborhood cops who in Japan regularly "check up" on
each household) a silent but clear message: Nothing personal, but what I'm
into is the kind of thing you and people like you would never understand.
Are otaku garden-variety nerds? Psychopaths? Undesirables? What otaku
connotes depends on who you ask. Example: A producer friend recently
berated his director on an NHK project for shooting from otaku camera
angles. The point? He wanted to make a TV program for general audiences,
not film-school coteries.
The foreword to the superb but dated (1989) Otaku no hon (The Otaku Book,
published by JICC) argues that otaku are strictly a post-1980 phenomenon,
not the latest gimmick in the ephemeral parade of zoku (tribes) that
postwar youth-culture reportage has
served up. Their break with the values of seken (the "real world," as the
editor parenthetically labels it in English) is not a byproduct of kodoku
(isolation) or seijuku (adolescence). Rather, otaku desire to dokuji no
sekai ni chujitsu ni ikiru (live faithfully in their own world) and find a
ba (place, outlet) to meet others who onaji genso o kyoyu suru (share the
same fantasy).
The editor offers the example of the rorikon (otaku with a "Lolita
complex"): deeply unwilling to become men (i.e., husbands and salarymen),
they partake instead of kyodo genso (communal fantasy) via comic books
about kaku no bi-shojo (imaginary beautiful
girlchildren). Their female equivalents in ambivalence are the yaoi-zoku,
girls hooked on perverted, plotless, sexually explicit parodies of
conventional comics about the friendship between cute boys. Obviously
neither homosexual nor homophobic, both groups
prefer the chaste option of onani (onanism) to the perceived compromises of
marital consummation.
Otaku no hon presents an amazing variety of strategies for sidestepping the
social compact. Even familiar types like hakka ("hackers"), gema ("gamers,"
computer game freaks), or aidorian ("idol-ians," who fixate on singing
idols) seem more over the top
than their American counterparts. Others, like kamera-kozo ("li'l camera
monks" who sneak crotch shots with concealed strobe cameras) and akushon
banda ("action banders" devoted to cracking officially "secure" radio and
computer systems), aggressively court risks to enact their pranks.
Whatever their stripe, the otaku are out there in droves, rifling through
the latest aniparoetchimangadojinshi
(animation-parody-pervert-comic-connoisseur-mag) at the corner bookstore,
terrified that any minute they'll be eaten alive by common
from Pop Japanese, Bill Marsh's ongoing column in MANGAJIN magazine
Hope that is useful
Dave Ph
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-01 04:54:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Big Brother Banks? FDIC has snooping plans 
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-01 10:41:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: NYT (online only?) article on DigiCash Chapt. 11 
...Wherein I get quoted in the NYT, for the first time in my life, using
"bummed out".
Oh, well. At least they spelled my name right... :-).
Bob Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: --- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: rah
November 28, 1998
Electronic Cash for the Net Fails to Catch On
By PETER WAYNER
 here are two conflicting epigrams that rule the computer industry. The
first is that the pioneer gets all of the gold, and the second is that the
pioneer gets all of the arrows in the back. Several recent high-profile
failures in the electronic payment industry suggest that efforts to develop
versions of electronic cash for the Internet are so far reaping more arrows
than riches.
Christine M. Thompson
The most recent signal came as
Digicash, a
closely watched electronic payment company based in Palo Alto, Calif.,
filed for bankruptcy protection. The company was known for a collection of
tools that made it possible for people to spend small amounts of money over
the Internet using what is known as a digital wallet, software that handles
transactions in a manner similar to cash. One advantage of the Digicash
system is that, unlike credit cards, it allowed consumers to make purchases
While several major banks expressed interest in the Digicash system and a
few actually began offering accounts, the company was unable to generate
enough mass interest among merchants or consumers. Consumers were reluctant
to use Digicash because there weren't many merchants who accepted it, and
merchants didn't sign up to participate because consumers weren't demanding
it as a payment option.
Other companies that have tried to develop digital cash systems haven't
fared much better. Last August, another pioneer, First Virtual, shut down
its system for processing electronic cash transactions and began to focus
on a new business, interactive messaging, according to a company
spokeswoman, Cindy Alvarez. Another company, CyberCash,
still offers a system called CyberCoin, but most of the company's revenue
comes from processing credit card transactions.
Industry observers suggest that one reason electronic payment systems
haven't taken off is that consumers have become more comfortable using
credit cards to make purchases online.
Bill Curry, a spokesman for Amazon.com,
said credit cards are used for "the overwhelming majority" of transactions
on the company's site. "I think the reason is that we do have an encrypted
secure server, and we guarantee the transaction. If there are unauthorized
charges on your account as a result of shopping at Amazon.com, we'll pay
the $50 that's not covered by your credit-card issuers."
Bill Trevor, director of customer service at CDNow, said
most of CDNow's customers enter their credit-card numbers on the site. "Our
experience is showing that in the month of October, roughly four fifths of
our customers felt secure enough to put their credit card in our online
form. Almost all of the rest are checks or money order. There are a couple
of percentage points for people who call us, fax us or e-mail their
credit-card number, but it's less than 3 percent."
Companies that process credit card transactions have found more success
than the wallet-based businesses.
CDNow allows customers to send a separate e-mail message with the credit
card number encrypted with PGP, a significantly higher-grade of encryption
than is normally used to protect most browser-based transactions.
Companies that process credit card transactions for e-commerce Web sites
have found more success than the wallet-based businesses, like Digicash.
Keith Miller is an executive vice president of Ibill, a
company that processes credit card transactions for Web merchants. "We
looked into that whole thing when we started a couple of years ago," he
said, referring to companies that were building separate software packages
for processing payments. "Back then, our biggest competitors were the
wallet companies. We went after the market saying, why do we need to
reinvent something when we have something that works and is simple, easy
and quick?"
In the end, Ibill chose to make it simple for people to buy something
online by typing a credit card number into a browser. The browser uses a
security method known as SSL (Secure Socket Layers) to protect the data.
This doesn't offer the same protection as the carefully designed wallets,
but has so far been acceptable to consumers. This approach has become so
popular that one of the wallet pioneers, Cybercash, has developed a similar
system and now derives more profits from simple SSL-based credit card
transactions than through the wallets the company continues to develop.
What remains to be seen is whether digital cash systems will ever find a
Paul Kocher, an expert on cryptography who has analyzed many digital
payment mechanisms, said it would take the support of a major player for an
electronic cash system to be successful. "If someone like Visa or IBM threw
their weight behind a system and got a lot of backers, it might take off. I
don't see how a small company like Digicash could ever get a system
deployed and working."
Digicash's plans for the future are uncertain, in part because the company
must pay off past debts by holding what amounts to an auction of its
technology. But the fact that some companies are interested in Digicash's
patents indicates that there may still be hope for some sort of electronic
payment system. In particular, industry observers say that these systems'
ability to allow consumers to make purchases online anonymously may yet
prove valuable.
Related Articles
a Dime? Citibank and Chase End Test of Electronic Cash
(November 11, 1998)
Code Br
eaker Cracks Smart Cards' Digital Safe
(June 22, 1998)
Scott Loftesness, the interim chief executive of Digicash, said the company
is exploring many different options and has already received one offer for
some of its patents. One of the patents provides an easy way for someone to
sign or authorize a document without reading it, a process that is often
called a "blind signature." This is the foundation for the anonymity
Digicash offers its customers and may also have a variety of other untapped
Robert Hettinga, a digital cash consultant and one of the organizers of the
Financial Cryptography conference held annually in Anguilla, said, "I would
like to try to get a syndicate together to buy the [blind signature]
patent. We would hold it and license it in a way that everyone could use
it. I would be really bummed out if they took that patent and locked it
away for another eight years."
Others are more cynical about the possibility that any micropayment model
will ever become dominant. William Powar, a former Visa executive who is
now a venture capitalist in Silicon Valley, said one problem with digital
wallet systems is that they are designed for small one-time purchases.
"There's no market where pay per use is significant," he said. "Look at the
cable model."
Powar points out that while newspapers, magazines and cable operators offer
one-time consumption options through newsstands or special cable
subscriptions, the bulk of their revenue comes from subscriptions and
advertising. This suggests to him that micropayment systems won't be a
crucial part of the future of the Internet, which would diminish the need
for digital cash systems.
In the near future, the electronic digital transaction industry is focusing
on another goal: processing bills for utilities, credit card companies,
telephone companies and others who normally bill customers via postal mail.
Several new ventures, like Ibill, as well as established companies like
Netscape Communications Corp., are working on technologies to allow
consumers to pay
their bills online.
Netscape's system, called BillerXpert, will let consumers pay bills over
the Web using, among other options, the payment mechanism designed by
CyberCash. The bill presentment industry hopes to save money on postage
while also providing additional services, like personalized content.
Related Sites
These sites are not part of The New York Times on the Web, and The Times
has no control over their content or availability.
Netscape Communications Corp.
Peter Wayner at pwayner welcomes
your comments and suggestions.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-04 23:18:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: The Beeb speaks like a cypherpunk once removed... 
There's some discussion on the BBC about that Chinese businessman who's now in
the klink for "conspiring against the state using the internet" :-).
The Beeb has an internet correspondent, and he's, right now, talking about
strong crypto, anonymous remailers, and quoting Gilmore's censorship is damage
line. All without using the words "strong cryptography", or "anonymous
remailers", or "John Gilmore". :-).
He was talking about how the Chinese website was hacked within hours and
painted over with pro democracy stuff and links to Amnesty International,
among other things.
All of this was in a favorable, horse is out of the barn, this is good for
freedom, light.
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-05 04:29:50
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
PGP is not a cipher. PGP is an application with a bunch of ciphers in it,
most of the block ones.
PGPfone is not a cipher either, it's an applicatoin with a bunch of ciphers
in it, most of them stream ones...
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-05 04:38:54
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Mixmaster client 4 the Mac OS? 
X-Sender: loki
Precedence: Bulk
Several people have offered, but none have produced a fully functional version.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-05 06:11:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
^them...
...and I'm not even sure about the 'most' part. Could be all of them.
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-05 08:08:57
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Wassenaar Statement 
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Importance: Normal
We have seen this type of press release before. Uncle Sam goes
off to a conference and returns to state that the rest of the
world has committed to its position - only to find out later that
the rest of the world did not. Anyone remembe the time the
crypto Tzar went off to the European Association (a non binding
talking shop) and got a similar 'undertaking'.
It is more likely that the Wassenaar statement reflects what went
on at the meeting. But even then most countries in Europe have a
democratic process in which decisions are made by elected
representatives and not by beaureacrats at closed treaty
Just as the munitions acts under which the ITAR crypto regulations
are purported to be made clearly do not provide the executive with
the powers claimed, neither do most of the European enabling
acts for COCOM.
Nor in a parliamentary system is it quite so easy for the executive
to perform Zimmerman type persecutions. If the same tactics had
been used in the UK the Home secretary would have faced political
consequences for the failure of the prosecution. The Matrix Churchill
affair played a significant part in the collapse of the Major
government in the UK. I doubt Straw would be keen on a repeat.
The UK DTI proposals requiring GAK as a condition of CA licensing
may appear to meet the Freeh objectives but since there is no
proposal to make licensing a requirement of doing business the result
is most likely to be nobody becomes a 'licensed CA'. There is a
legitimate business need for key recovery but nobody offering those
services is going to want access to the customer's private keys.
Doing so would be akin to keeping triffids as pets. It is not
necessary to keep actual private keys to achieve the objective of
controlling access to the private keys.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-05 08:14:11
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: FC: So far, I think Mr. Aarons' Wassenaar statement is  disinformation 
Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Peter F Cassidy In e-mail exchanges with EC ministers and government ministers in W.
European nations that I have had about Aarons one thing is consistent. All
seemed to be shocked and dismayed at his ability to report out facts to
the press in the US and to the Clinton Administration that have little to
do with actual events. It would not surprise any of them if Aarons'
unilaterally declared a 33 nation crypto-control agreement that was based
entirely on his baroque misunderstanding of the facts.
For help on using this list (especially unsubscribing), send a message to
"dcsb-request with one line of text: "help".
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-05 21:29:28
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Netsurfer Digest: Vol. 04, #35 
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-06 13:01:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Financial disclosure panic? 
X-Sender: kerry
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
I am the webmaster for kevinmitnick.com, the internet source of
information on the legal and media injustices that have been committed
against Kevin Mitnick (a computer hacker arrested in 1995 who has remained
in prison, pre-trial, with no chance at bail for nearly 4 years now,
despite the fact that the charges against him are relatively mild in
comparison to some other convicted hackers).
In a hearing Wednesday my name was brought up by the judge, Mariana
Pfaelzer, because she had received notification that I had requested her
financial disclosure reports, a request I had assumed logical, considering
the large number of companies that are claimed as victims in Mitnick's
case.  I have been doing a lot of research on the Mitnick case during the
past few months, and this was one part of that research, ordering what I
thought were publicly available records, and which I understood were not
meant for dissemination -- I never published them or disclosed them to the
public (above all, I would never have published this information on the
web, although that was not even the issue, as the judge had no idea who I
was, and she was not even aware on Wednesday that I am also Kevin's site
webmaster).  Apparently the judge was not at all happy simply that someone
on Mitnick's side of the fence had even researched this.  I suppose she'd
have been happier if it had been the prosecution, although obviously that
wouldn't have helped me find the facts I needed to know :)
I was told by different sources (present in the courtroom) that the judge
reacted as though infuriated at my request, and she put the government on
notice that "if anything happened" -- and left the sentence uncompleted.
Now I am left wondering what the potential legal ramifications of this
incident could possibly be.  I did nothing illegal, although in the
judge's eyes, apparently it was immoral or otherwise not right.  I can't
understand why -- my only guess is that she (Judge Pfaelzer) has so firmly
bought the belief that Kevin Mitnick is an extremely dangerous hacker
(though nothing he has done, and nothing in the charges, indicates this)
that she simply fears any actions those of us innocently researching his
case might take.
The information I requested, as I understood it, was private, and not for
publication, but it is openly available to the public by request; one does
not have to be a lawyer to request it. I am not a lawyer; far from it; and
I'm not a computer-cracker either -- I'm a female programmer in my 20s and
I write online course software for a university. This seemingly (to me)
bizarre incident has me blown away completely.
The financial disclosure information is not even detailed enough as to
allow one to estimate income or any other personal information about the
judge, and so I'm having trouble understanding what any possible misuses
of this information could be (and I don't really want to know, at this
point! :)  although obviously I never intended anything to come of the
information in any way, unless it was directly relevant to the case.  If
there had been a conflict of interest with Judge Pfalezer, it would be
very significant to Mitnick's case.  At any rate, I'm uncertain as to what
I should fear from the government -- if anything.  If one of the
corporations listed in the judge's statement happens to go bankrupt, will
I be investigated?  It seems ridiculous to me, but I have been warned that
I may be investigated, and the government prosecutor now has a copy of the
request I made, which apparently so infuriated the judge.
To me, it seems that this court may believe everyone involved in Mitnick's
"cause" is dangerous, although even Kevin himself has never been accused
of committing harm to a person or to a computer -- he is basically accused
of copying software.  There have, however, been several particularly
damaging false "facts" printed in the media about him, such as that he
stole credit card numbers and that he broke into NORAD as a teenager --
neither of which ever appeared in any charges against Kevin, and both were
proven to be untrue, but not before being printed on the front page of the
NY Times, unfortunately.
I suppose it's not my place to speculate, but I wonder how Kevin can
possibly get a fair case with this type of paranoia against him and his
supporters, if indeed it is paranoia... perhaps it is only my own
ignorance of the law, and this happens all the time.
I just wondered if any of you had any thoughts.  I've been following this
list for a while and have found it very educational.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-06 23:17:31
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: e$: Cryptography -- The Steel Rails of Digital Commerce 
Lots of sensible people on cypherpunks have made an excellent point before,
but Nelson Minar has said it quite succinctly in the message below, with an
outstanding example from Sun, in the post that I'm including here from Perry
Metzger's cryptography list.
The point it this: There is only one, and completely acceptable, solution to
this whole crypto-exportabilty mess: don't export anything. That is, make
*only* strong crypto, make it inside your country, and let crypto folks in
other countries take care of themselves. The permiability of national borders
to the internet will get your actual cryptography overseas if it's novel
and useful, and, if you use crypto plugged into your software, like Sun
does with Java, then you'll sell more of that software because it
*requires* strong cryptography, other people's or not.
Geodesic, recursive software auctions with digital bearer-settled cash will
eventually make all of this, including intellectual property issues, moot
someday :-), but, in the meantime, simply obeying the laws on crypto export
will work marvellously. Even in a post- "Adult Action" world, where all
laws are enforceable everywhere, obeying them all, will, paradoxically,
work just fine, as we'll see in a bit.
Of course, all this makes the crypto *import*/arbitrage market, where C2NET
made their first million, a mostly diminishing one, whether Wassenaar works
or not. Certainly it's not a large enough market to renounce your citizenship
for, as one member of their firm has done. This whole export-control tactic
will eventually fail, and when crypto is unregulated, either by the market
or by law itself, some crypto-fugitives will still be locked out of the
largest economies in the world, especially if, however temporary the tactic
and doomed to failure it is, nation-states actually criminalize
crypto-arbitrage itself.
Again, it's not laws, it's technology, which is the solution to this silly,
and fairly theocratic, dispute about criminalizing the export of cryptography.
Remember the e$yllogism: Strong cryptography is essential to digital commerce.
In fact, strong financial cryptography is utterly necessary *and* sufficient
for digital commerce. Thus, no strong cryptography, no digital commerce.
Since all commerce will have a digital, and thus cryptographic, component
soon enough, cryptographic regulation is, like Carl Ellison's analogy of
church doctrine forbidding peasants from shooting nobility, fairly useless.
Especially since nation-states can't help but allow the use of strong
cryptography to facilitate commerce, in the same way that they can't help
but allow the use of steel in their railroads.
So, I say unto all ye crypto-peasants out there, obey the Doctrine of
Crypto-Prohibition, on pain of the loss of your immortal soul. That is,
make and use the strongest cryptography that your microprocessors can
handle, and, like the peasant who, in confession, admits the shooting of a
knight, obey dogma and don't export cryptography: it will "export" itself,
like all good ideas do.
Cryptography, like the technology of gunpowder -- or better, steel -- is not
Robert Hettinga

@_date: 1998-12-08 00:48:14
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Commerce Hacked? 
Looks like he [Aaron] has been successful. No one is talking about the
quality of sending out the commerce minister to argue for crypto controls.
Why don't they send an air force general who giggles about radiated cities
between bites of rumaki.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-08 00:41:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Corporate Mandarins and The Tyranny of *Hierarchy* (was: tyrannyof corporations (was: Corporate Nations)) 
What a canard, Steve. I hope you don't actually believe it.
That sounds to me more like a romantic leftist sociological
pseudoscientific fantasy (I know, quintuply redundant :-)) about what it
takes to run a large business than any actual scientific observation of
human behavior.
This "sociological" analysis probably went over really well at a
touchy-feely corporate navel-gazing camp because it's more the way some
grey-flannel men *wish* they were, than the way they actually are. Thus the
prevalence on business bookshelves of titles like Machiavelli's "The
Prince", or Sun Tsu's "Art of War", or actual dreck like, I don't know,
"Accounts Receivable Secrets of Genghis Kahn", or something.
The fact is, people who've *built* very large businesses more or less from
scratch, like Sam Walton and Hugh Heffner, or even "criminals" like
Rockefeller and Gates, even people who took daddy's money and made it
outrageously larger, like J. Pierpont Morgan, Ned Johnson and Malcolm
Forbes, are no more criminal in their intent, much less behavior, than my
77 year-old mother is. Like any real entrepreneur, from junkyard owner to
dry-cleaner, these people are just motivated, and they work very hard at
something they like. The size of someone's success in building a business
is certainly more a function of brains -- and maybe a smidgeon of luck --
than brutality or ruthlessness.
Most senior corporate *managers*, on the other hand, especially those at
the top, are much more like blue-button mandarins than Genghis Kahn. They
got there by facilly regurgitating the modern version of Confucian Analects
back to their teachers, from kindergarten all the way through business and
law school. Actually working hard would break their long fingernails.
And, please, don't a confuse the time these mandarins spend at the
Emporor's court with hard work, as most very high-level "meetings", like
the corporate "retreat" above, are social functions in disguise -- parties,
in other words. As a result, these modern mandarins would rather fantasize
themselves as murderous feudal aristocrats -- or, more laughably, as the
modern equivalent in organized crime -- to justify their existance, or more
realisticaly, to relieve the tedium of supervising an enormous enterprise
which usually makes much more money simply by leaving it alone than it does
when actively "managed" or "regulated".
"Greed, for the lack of a better term, is good", as Oliver Stone
sarcastically said, damning progress with typical leftist Luddite faint
praise. Yet, as Russell observed, leftist ideology [like Luddism] is just
fuedalism's response to industrial progress. In that light, it makes much
more sense to actually take Mr. Stone at his word, and ignore his
post-modern "subtext".
So, money and power begets envy. So, what else is new?  People who can, do.
Those who can't, teach Sociology and call those who can "criminals", much
to the titilation of their customers in senior corporate management.
Meanwhile, the only *real* criminal activities, force and fraud, are *bad*
for business. Ask anyone living in Afganistan or Bosnia, or in North Korea
or Iraq, or, within recent memory, in inner-city Boston or Chicago.
Fortunately for us, the time is coming when people who invent *new* ideas
will make more money and have considerably more aggregate power than people
who live at the top of, or even those who create, large hierarchical
organizations in order to finance, and market, and, eventually, regulate,
*old* ideas.
And, since society can axiomatically produce literal swarms of people who
are creative and inventive, all in their own specialties, many more than it
can a few mandarin senior managers and politicians at the top of very large
hierarchical organizations, "power" itself, the ability to use force, or
more recently, fraud, to coerce or extort behavior from someone else, will
become much more diffuse. Except, that is, on occasions when almost
everyone, probably using a market to do so, agrees on what must be done.
And, anyone who's watched the capital markets lately knows how fast a
market can act when the time comes.
The reason for this change is simple. If infinitely-replicable information
becomes more important than finite land or machinery, and, more to the
point, if *new* information can be auctioned, for cash, at a higher price
than old information, instantaneously, recursively -- and anonymously --
across an increasingly geodesic network, then the power, the very *glamour*
of hierarchy -- and the snycophant court jesters it creates, like the
aforementioned "corporate sociologist" -- will be as dead as Sun Tsu's
middle-kingdom warlords, or Machievelli's renaissance princes.
Or, more properly, Ming-dynasty blue-button mandarins.
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-08 04:06:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: y2k/gary north delusions 
Actually, Mulholland knew what gravity was, as well. :-).
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-08 04:18:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Export of PGP Illegal in Denmark. Threatened w. jail (fwd) 
X-No-Archive: yes
X-PGP-Notice: E-mail me for my PGP Public Key.
X-Disclaimer: Opinions expressed here are not necessarily those of
X-To-Spammer: Spamming a U.S. Government institution will only get you a
$500 per incident fine.
Sender: owner-cryptography
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Courtesy of Defcon Stuff.
(Do I hear jackboots in the night?  'Deed I do!)
Sorry, Uncle Sam.  I'm a fan of cryptography, not crippletography.

@_date: 1998-12-08 07:17:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Wassenaar and the dumming of New Zealand 
Reply-To: "Blair Anderson" Priority: Normal
See Peter Gutmens contribution at
 NZ's very peculiar interpretation of Wassenaar
"Export Control Myths and Facts",
Its a rich source of matter on the subject.
Blair Anderson  (Blair
International Consultant in Electronic Commerce, Encryption and Electronic
Rights Management
   "Techno Junk and Grey Matter"
   50 Wainoni Road, Christchurch, New Zealand
          phone 64 3 3894065
          fax     64 3 3894065
Member 	Digital Commerce Society of Boston, Computer Professionals for
Social Responsibility,
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-08 07:47:29
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Ira Heffan and Mike Schmelzer; "Software Patents" and Digital Commerce 
X-Sender: rah
        Roland Mueller ,
        "Jonathan J. Rusch" Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
          The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                       Presents
              Ira Heffan and Mike Schmelzer
             Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP
         "Software Patents" and Digital Commerce
                Tuesday, January 5th, 1999
                       12 - 2 PM
             The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
               One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Although the very idea of patenting software seems to be an anathema to much
of the programming community, patents on software continue to stream out of
the U.S. Patent Office.  Everyone involved in digital commerce applications,
which are by definition software-based, probably has heard about recent
events:  The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit decided "State Street
Bank & Trust Co. v. Signature Financial Group," which explicitly ratified
patenting methods of doing business, and a spate of well-publicized patents
have issued claiming to cover such concepts as the virtual shopping cart and
the reverse auction.  As a prerequisite to discussing these recent
developments, the first part of our talk will provide an introduction to
patents.  We will explain what patents are and what they are not, and
describe the business goals that a patent can serve.  Then we will talk
about current events, and attempt to  put the _State Street_ case in
context.  We will present a survey of recently-issued patents (suggestions
welcome) related to digital commerce, and conclude with some speculation
about current trends, including a novel form of software patent with
potentially huge implications.
Ira Heffan (heffan and Mike Schmelzer (schmelze are patent
attorneys at Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP (  We will
be presenting our own personal views on this topic, and not the views of
Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP or its clients.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, January 5, 1999, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of
the Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch
is $32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware,
and the speakers' lunch.  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code:
jackets and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate
business attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since
we purchase these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the
price of your lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we
*really* know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of
Boston", by Saturday, January 2nd, or you won't be on the list for
lunch.  Checks payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston
will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The
Harvard Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your
e-mail address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements
(We've had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for
instance), please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work
something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
February   Roland Mueller   European Privacy Directive
March      Jonathan Rusch   Internet Fraud
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston
on the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston,
send "info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail
list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-08 11:32:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls 
X-Authentication-Warning: toad.com: Host localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use
HELO protocol
Sender: owner-cryptography
The US Wassenaar initiative is an attempt to deny the public not only
all future strong crypto developments, but all existing ones.  As
today's message from Denmark makes clear, the freedom-hating
bureaucrats are threatening to prosecute a citizen merely for
publishing PGP on his web page.
Let's at least ensure that they don't eliminate *today's* strong
crypto, by replicating crypto archives behind each Berlin Wall they
threaten to erect.  Today we depend on a small number of archives (in
a small number of countries) containing source and binaries for PGP,
SSH, Kerberos, cryptoMozilla, IPSEC, and many other useful crypto
tools that we use daily.
Let's replicate these archives in many countries.  I call for
volunteers in each country, at each university or crypto-aware
organization, to download crypto tools while they can still be
exported from where they are, and then to offer them for export from
your own site and your own country as long as it's legal.  (The
Wassenaar agreement is not a law; each country has merely agreed to
try to change its own laws, but that process has not yet started.)
And if at some future moment your own government makes it illegal for
you to publish these tools, after all your appeals are denied, all the
pro-bono court cases rejected, and all the newspaper coverage you can
get has been printed, then restrict your web site so that only your
own citizens can get the tools.  That'll still be better than the
citizens of your country having NO access to the tools of privacy!
(I suggest putting these tools on a Web site on a machine that you
own, rather than on a web site where you buy space from someone else.
That way there'll be nobody for the freedom-squashers to threaten
except you.)
I'm sure that John Young's excellent  site will be happy
to provide an index of crypto archives around the world, if people
will send him notices at jya as your sites come up.
(Each archive should locally mirror this list, so that we won't depend
on a single site.)
Rather than having their desired effect of squelching crypto
distribution, perhaps their overbold move can inspire us to increase
strong crypto distribution tenfold, by making it clear to the public
that if you don't keep a copy on your own hard drive, the governments
of the world will be merciless in scheming to deny you access to it.
And if crypto developers have to publish on books, or rely on
smugglers to get crypto from country to country, then at least each
country will have its distribution arrangements already ready for when
the book is scanned or the smuggler arrives.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-08 20:52:35
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Quick ping about Surety Technologies 
If you would, that would be interesting.  The patent info on their web
site includes:
I distrust software patents, but even that aside, these sound really
broad to me.  More info at .
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-09 21:34:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: German government press release on Wassenaar 
War is Peace, Freedom is Slavery?
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-09 21:24:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built BerlinWalls 
Sender: owner-cryptography
Tradeoff time.
Q: Is it better for the providers of crypto resources to alarm/log
   accesses to their websites or not?
I'd strongly argue not;
  Team Despot will disguise itself and we are surveilled as we speak;
  Team Legion loses if it creates targets for harvesting.
Q: Is coordinated integrity control (code signing) a Good Thing?
I'd weakly argue not;
  The absence of a coordinated signing strategy does not preclude
  verification so avoiding common-mode fraud, e.g., long-running
  denial of service attacks on the central signing agent, seems
  advantageous.
Alternative argument;
  Integrity of crypto code can be signed via quorumed split-key
  means so that no single actor fraud is effective yet only the
  minimum quorum need be online at any given time; this has
  the advantage that a completed split-key signature cannot be
  attributed to which quorum subset made it yet is verifiable
  by ordinary client means once complete.  Since intermediate
  (partial signing) results do not leak fragment holder identity,
  quorum members can indirectly communicate through commonly
  held dead-drops.
Q: Should requestors routinely avoid surveilled identification?
I'd argue strongly for:
  We, Team Legion, must commit to a cell organization with
  pseudonymity coverage such as through the "Crowds" system;
  to avoid any one of us being guilty we must all be.
Getting the problem statement right for this
endeavor is the most important thing we have
left to do.  If the above sample is misguided,
say so.  To the extent it is incomplete, fix
it.  If one of us goes off the air, step into
their place.
It is time for us to walk the fine line between
undue paranoia and a heightened state of awareness.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-10 08:09:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [ZKS Press Release] 50th Anniversary of the Declaration of HumanRights a Reminder th 	at Privacy must be Preserved 
Sender: owner-zks-press
Precedence: normal
Reply-To: press
Zero-Knowledge Systems Press Release, 50th Anniversary of the Declaration of Human Rights a Reminder that Privacy
must be Preserved.
Web site launched to allow citizens of the world to protest their loss of
December 9, 1998 (Montreal)--On the 50th anniversary of the Universal
Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR), as well as in protest of the recent
changes to cryptography policies worldwide, Zero-Knowledge Systems is
spearheading a campaign to encourage governments to loosen newly imposed
cryptography restrictions. This campaign, seen on the web site
 enables citizens of the world to express their
outrage and concern at the increasing loss of their privacy.
Article 12 of the UDHR states,
his privacy, family home, or correspondence...."
Yet, decades later, we are witnessing the unprecedented collection of
personal information and intrusions into the lives of many.  Internet users
in particular, confront multiple privacy violations while online.  Over 80%
of Internet users polled consider privacy be their primary concern.
The best defense for online privacy is to use strong cryptography, which
allows Internet users to preserve the privacy of their communications and
personal information.
On December 3, 1998, the Internet community experienced one of the strongest
setbacks to their privacy in recent years.  The 33 member countries of the
Wassenaar Arrangement agreed for the first time to impose export
restrictions on mass-market cryptography products.
Until December 3rd, the majority of the Wassenaar signatories did not impose
export controls over mass-market products that protect personal security and
privacy through cryptography.  The United States Department of Commerce
Under-Secretary has taken credit for convincing all other Wassenaar
countries to impose these added restrictions over cryptography designed for
average citizens.
Barry Steinhardt, President of the Electronic Frontier Foundation believes
"The US government has strong-armed the rest of the industrialized world
into adopting a policy that will make us less secure and more vulnerable to
electronic terrorism.  Our critical national and international
infrastructures need to be protected by strong encryption.  Weak encryption
with back doors that will be exploited not just by governments, but by
information pirates, will leave us at greater risk."
"It is not too late to reverse course," continues Steinhardt.  "Wassenaar
allows, but does not require, the other national governments to follow the
US' foolish lead."
"Cryptography is the key to preserving privacy for Internet users," explains
Austin Hill, President of Zero-Knowledge Systems.  "By limiting the
accessibility of cryptography, you are limiting people's ability to protect
themselves.  Now, more than ever, we have the ability to influence the
future of the electronic world; we must ensure that it has the same the
basic rights and protections that the UDHR promised us fifty years ago."
Hill continues, "We hope that Internet users will be proactive in protesting
this human rights infringement to their governments. The freecrypto.org web
site provides such a space, where users can learn about the issues and send
their government representatives a message expressing their dissatisfaction
with the tightening of cryptography controls."
The freecrypto.org web site provides a form that citizens can fill out and
have faxed or emailed to their respective government representatives.  It
also provides information and articles on the recently imposed cryptography
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-11 22:50:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: alternative b-money creation 
I have to agree with Bill here.
It's kind of hard to call something "money" if you can't exchange it for
other things which also call themselves "money".
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-12 02:45:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Bruce Taylor ed -Reply 
Reply-To: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sender: Law & Policy of Computer Communications
Sorry, I probably filtered it out.  I've had "Bruce Taylor" in my mental
bozofilter ever since he used to work for Charles Keating.  The only thing
that's changed since then is that (so far as I know) Bruce no longer
relies on pilfered S&L funds for his crusades.
Now how's that for a filtering fact?
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-12 08:19:15
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hayek Quote of the Week 
X-Sender: rah
Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: While we're at it...
Robert Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research          Hayek Quote of the Week
" .. history is largely a history of inflation,
and usually of inflations engineered by
governments and for the gain of governments .. "
F. A. Hayek, _Denationalisation of Money: The
Argument Refined_ (third edition)  London: Institute
of Economic Affairs.  1990.  p. 34
Hayek Quote of the Week is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-15 01:18:20
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Anyone Striking? 
Evidently not...
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-15 04:44:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DigiCash Update 
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
X-Msmail-Priority: Normal
Importance: Normal
X-Mimeole: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3155.0
Sender: Precedence: Bulk
List-Subscribe: X-Web-Archive: It's been a while since I've posted an update regarding DigiCash.
As you know, DigiCash Incorporated filed Chapter 11 in early November.
Since that time, over the course of the last several weeks, we've been
engaged in discussions with a number of parties around the potential
acquisition of the DigiCash assets.  These discussions with potential
acquirers are continuing.
We are also exploring other options for DigiCash.  One of these options
involves establishing a more broadly based licensing structure for the
DigiCash intellectual property.  I would welcome those of you who are
specifically interested in licensing the DigiCash IP for your own purposes
to get in touch with me directly (Email is fine -- see below).  Please
specify your particular area of interest in the DigiCash IP when you contact
(Please note that we are well aware of several recommendations for opening
up the DigiCash IP.  These recommendations have been posted on this list as
well as having been discussed with me privately.  We are primarily
interested at this time, however, in ensuring that we are directly aware of
those of you who have a direct licensing interest in the DigiCash IP
specifically for your own purposes.)
Interim CEO
DigiCash Incorporated
2656 E. Bayshore Road
Palo Alto, CA 94303
(650) 798-8183 work
(650) 533-3142 cell
Email: scott
   or: sjl
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-16 07:43:04
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DARPA's Active Network page 
I saw an article on this in InfoWorld. NAI/TIS and DARPA talking about
putting self-switching packets into the network. I don't see this as too
far off from packets purchasing their passage across the network with
micromoney of some kind.
All spookiness of the current research principals aside, of course...
Robert Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
List-Subscribe: Here's ARPA's Active Network Page: Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-17 03:22:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DigiCash Update, part II 
So... Lucky?  Who do you have?
I mean, it looks like you're announcing that you have the only people of any
financial substance who really care about *using* this technology, much less
investing in it, and they're all lined up for you to pull the trigger and bag
- From here on out, it's simple, yes? Just announce who they are, publically,
and make your tender offer.
You do that, Scott sees the writing on the wall that he can't sell to anyone
else who's not already on your list of investors, and surrenders, Dorothy.
Gotta know when to fold 'em, and all that.
So, again, Lucky, care to tell us who's backing you up?
After all, *that's* how they do hostile takeovers in *real* life. Just like
secret crypto protocols, there are no anonymous investors on the street. That
stuff's for financial fairy tales.
Well, okay, to be fair, there *is* another way to do this, too, since DigiCash
is a private company currently in the lap of a bankruptcy trustee. It's pretty
simple, really. Just buy up the outstanding debt that caused DigiCash to file
Chapter 11 in the first place and hold out until Scott & Co. forks over the
company. I'm sure that it's less than $10 million. Maybe it's way less, and, I
bet the number's completely knowable, or will be soon, since the legal
documents on the DigiCash bankrupcy are completely public information.
Whatever the amount of the nut is, it's easily chump change to a bunch players
as august as yours must be.
Presto-chango, you get the same result without making the headlines.
Nonetheless, your investors would still have to be public, yes? That's the
consequence of buying assets out of Chapter 11.
But, like the sign says, "If you lived here you'd be home now." If you *could*
do one or the other of the above, you'd have done it already. Shades of Enrico
Fermi, who noted that if there were extraterrestrials within
geologically-attainable timescales of us, they'd *be* here already.
To be honest, I don't really give a hoot *who* owns the blind signature patent
as long as they license the damn thing so the rest of the world can get on
with using it.  However, DigiCash, at the moment, has a nut to crack in the
millions of dollars. The people holding those um, nuts, don't care who pays
them as long as they get their money back. After that's taken care of, all of
us can go play moneypunks to our hearts' content. I'm pretty sure that Scott
Loftesness, after being a permanent fixture on all of the lists I've ever
started :-), knows *exactly* what to do with the patents once the bills are
paid. Or at least what *I* think he should do. :-).
Frankly, Lucky, just promising us, "HAL"-like, that "something wonderful's
gonna happen", that you have, like Nixon, "a secret plan to end the war" just
doesn't cut it anymore. Been there, done that, that dog don't hunt, etc.
Just about every time I turn around, I get private mail from some cypherpunk
or other with a secret plan to take over DigiCash and free the blind signature
patent for us all, that they're really just a stalking horse for some really
huge and famous investor, but they can't tell me who, just now. It's getting
tiring, frankly, and, like always, money talks, and so forth.
The cost of anything is the foregone alternative, including reputation
So, I guess it's time I anted up some of what little I have myself, :-), and
called your hand, here, Lucky. First, *my* cards...
After my recent trip to London, I have enough actual cash, promised from about
3 sources, and maybe from one or two more, to form a small syndicate which can
pay the present value, at 15% and an 8 year remaining life on the blind
signature patent, on about $1-2 million in equivalent patent income. I think I
can get more people and money signed on over the next few months, but if you
do the math, the amount I'm talking about is not much actual cash, paid up
front. Enough for a nice house in some places, but that's about it. However it
may be that it is, quite literally, a cash bird in the hand vs. two future
revenue birds in the bush, frankly, Scott hasn't gotten that close to the end
of his rope, just yet. He's already turned down a cash offer for more than
that that I know of, whether you and I are talking about the same rejected
offer or not.
But the amount I'm calculating above is still pretty much fair market on
what's left of the residual financial cryptography *research* value on the
blind signature patent, and that much money could, just barely, keep the
patents from being buried with DigiCash if it ever came to that. That is,
nobody knows how to actually *make* money on these patents. (Or DigiCash would
have done it already and/or somebody would have coughed up the money to buy
DigiCash out of hock by now otherwise.) But a lot of us have research *ideas*
which *might* make money, and which need to be tested in the marketplace to
see if they actually work, the payments business being what it is. So, a
million or two is about what I would guess the *entire* market is willing to
pay for the privilege of *experimenting* with blind signatures over the
remaning 8-year life of the patent. That comes to up-front, present value,
"bird in the hand", cash in the low to mid six figures, depending on how much
you think the patents can earn out in research payments.
I haven't announced the folks who've verbally committed to fund this syndicate
yet. But, I'm changing that.
I'm asking the person who's volunteering to floor-manage the legal part of the
syndicate to draw up an offering memorandum, or whatever, and when these
people who have made verbal offers have actually signed something legally
binding, I'll announce who they are publically on the Philodox website.
So, that's what I have, Lucky. My game plan is to form a small syndicate to
buy the blind signature patent, and a few patents, from DigiCash, or what's
left of it, for the estimated research revenue they may bring, but, only
*after* Scott has exhausted any ability he has to get any revenue from other
Now for *your* cards: It sounds like you're promising your investors something
significantly more than the present value of the returns on research
royalties, and I wish you luck. But it seems to me that you don't have to be
so skulduggerous, if you've really got what you claim you have in your quote
And, so, Lucky, whatcha got, and, more to the point, who do ya have? Have they
signed memoranda of understanding, if not actual legal committments of
capital? Have you formed a corporation to transfer the patents to, or are you
going to purchase DigiCash, Inc., with all it's potential domestic and foriegn
liability? And so on.
Details, please.
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-17 04:13:44
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [e-money] Press Review IV: E-mail trail 
Reply-To: owner-e-money
MOVING ART STUDIO
LIST: E-MONEY
found in
wired news on 16 dec 1998 pst
==================== start quoted text ====================
                        China Delays Net Trial
                        Reuters
                        7:35 a.m.  25.Nov.98.PST
                        SHANGHAI -- China has delayed the closed-door
                        trial of a man accused of using the Internet to
                        undermine the state, and on Wednesday his wife
                        called for an open court hearing.
                        Lin Hai, a 30-year-old computer engineer, had
                        been scheduled to go on trial on Thursday. He is
                        accused of inciting subversion of state power, but
                        a Shanghai court has postponed the case
                        indefinitely, said Lin's wife, Xu Hong.
                        "They did not say when it might get underway,"
                        Xu told Reuters. "When it starts, I would want it to
                        be in open court so there would be public
                        scrutiny."
                        Lin, who was arrested in March, has been accused
                        of using the Internet to send tens of thousands
                        of email addresses to VIP Reference, a dissident
                        publication based in the United States. If
                        convicted, he could face up to life in prison.
                        The case was to be heard in a closed-door
                        session at the Shanghai Number One
                        Intermediate Court. Even the defendant's wife
                        was to be barred from court.
                        "Of course I believe I should be at the trial," Xu
                        said. "But the hearing should be open to the
                        public as well."
                        The court offered no explanation for its sudden
                        decision to postpone the hearing, but Xu said it
                        could be a result of international interest in the
                        case. The case has been ignored by the official
                        Chinese media but has attracted widespread
                        attention abroad.
                        Some 1.2 million Chinese are on the Internet,
                        and the total is expected to reach 5 million by
                        2000. The government has embraced the
                        Internet, but so have a number of dissident
                        groups.
                        VIP Reference, one of many dissident
                        publications that have sprung up online, says it
                        sends information to 250,000 email accounts in
                        China from various email addresses in the United
                        States.
                        Court documents called VIP Reference a hostile
                        foreign organization, and claimed it used data
                        provided by Lin "to disseminate large numbers of
                        articles aimed at inciting subversion of state
                        power and the socialist system."
                        Lin ran a now-defunct software company that set
                        up Web sites and provided job searches for
                        multinational companies. His supporters say he
                        frequently exchanged or purchased email
                        addresses to build up a database for his online
                        job search business.
                        Copyright(c) 1998 Reuters Limited.
==================== end quoted text ====================
You are subscribed to the list e-money.
To *un*subscribe simply send mail to
*message text: subscribe or unsubscribe*
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-17 09:09:42
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: DigiCash Update, part II 
Actually, Tim, they do. And, frankly, what an amazingly silly thing to say.
A day doesn't go by when debt-holders don't convert to common, or are asked
to do so, bankruptcy or not, and take over what's left of a corporation
like DigiCash. Frequently, debtholders are the people in the strongest
position to do so, and the trustee agrees. Almost all bank mergers happen
that way, for instance, and a patent's as good an asset as a bank deposit,
especially if it's earning revenue, like DigiCash's are, however small that
revenue might be.
Actually auctioning off a company's assets doesn't happen nearly much as
the Small Business Adminstration -- or whoever your sources are -- say they
do. Mergers are usually the rule. Look at PGP, if you want a pointer.
Cybercash will probably be sold, someday, debts and all, and probably for
the amount of their debt, which, by now, I bet, is as considerable as
So, indeed, if partners of the caliber Lucky is boasting he has went out
and bought up the debt of DigiCash, it would take about a heartbeat and a
half before Loftesness, or even the bankruptcy trustee, would offer them
stock, if not control, just to take the company out of Chapter 11. Or, more
likely, to merge it with a more solvent business.
To think otherwise, is, frankly, a complete betrayal of your cluelessness on
the subject, Tim, and I don't use that word lightly in your regard.
Right. If it gets that far. Usually, it doesn't. In the case of DigiCash, it
might, except for one rather obvious thing. They still have outstanding
revenue from the likes of DeutcheBank, Nomura, and a few other rather large
financial institutions. That means that the patents, at the very least, are
worth something on the books, and probably *won't* be sold at auction
unless everything else fails. Frankly, converting all the outstanding debt
to common would be the cheapest thing to do, and you could bet that if
Loftesness could do it, he would.
Finally, if all that doesn't work, there's still the possibility of buying
the patents at graveside, like you, and, frankly, I, were talking about,
but, given the capital market's thorough disfavor for internet transaction
protocols these days, the patents are probably not worth much to any of the
"players" Lucky says he has, especially in the modern world of hockey-stick
internet IPO's and VC-induced investment bubbles.
So, outside of their residual remaining royalties :-), the patents *might*
be worth something to some financial crypto labs, and to the internet
crypto community at large, but that's about it, which was why I'm trying to
put together a syndicate to backstop whatever Loftesness tries to do to get
DigiCash back on it's feet.
To be blunt, nobody has *proven* that they're worth anything else but
research curiosity, so far. And, until the debts on DigiCash are taken off
the books (by stock-for-debt swap, or outright buyout, or whatever), we're
not going to find out anytime soon.
More properly, DigiCash's debts may, in fact, *be* secured by the patents
themselves. In which case, the debtholders *do* get the patents.  Given the
quality of the outstanding debtholders, (most of whom *are* VC folks, if I
remember what I've heard) I expect that if it were at all possible to
collateralize the debt with the patents, they would have done so.
Of course, we'll find out the real answers to all of this when the Chapter 11
filing is actually final. Right now, I hear that there's nothing there but
a placeholder filing, with no actual assets listed in detail, much less
whether they're secured by anything.
Nonsense. Utter, complete, absolute -- and, clueless -- nonsense. See above.
Sure. Except, of course, when the judge turns the debtholders into
controlling shareholders instead. Go read up on a few actual bankruptcy
cases, Tim. It might help you state your case better if you used actual
Yes, I know, Tim. You "know" , and *I'm* no , and so on, and yes, we all know, you're a tycoon of massive renown.
A giant unsold position in Intel, which you have now retired early on, to a
fortress out in the thules somewhere, proves you must be such.
Of course, Tim, if you really were clueful about business as you say you
are (instead of just a commendably frugal case of being exactly the right
employee at the right time), *and* you cared about making blind signatures
ubiquitous, you, the man who taught us all how important they were to begin
with, could have probably *bought* the patent yourself, probably for a
song, at least once when they were up for grabs in the last few years. And
you might even made money on them, being so clueful in business, of course.
I even expect that you could even buy those pantents now, all by yourself,
if you could remove yourself from your Barcolounger, except for the odd
trip to the shooting range, to buy a new stereo, or to wait for the
millenium. Yelling insults at the local gendarmarie as they drive by your
Y2K-proof stone-by-stone replica of Wolf's Lair, challenging them to come
and shoot you out, copper, doesn't exactly help, either, I suppose.
If you thought financial privacy was so important, you, personally, Tim,
could have done something about this, a long time ago. All by yourself,
without anyone else. And you didn't. Instead, you snipe.
Oh, well. Cypherpunks now ride Barcoloungers, I suppose.
Frankly -- if I may step aside the point of the thread, here -- since you
started this chicken-little, off-the-pig, shoot-the-"criminals",
Junior-Birdman militia kick, you're just plain boring, Tim. Tireder than
Wired, you are.
Which is a real drag to lots of folks who are still here, because you
really had a lot to say once. You taught everyone here most of the way they
think about the world, in fact. Double that for all the people who've left
the list already in the wake of your recent thermite infatuation.
Nowadays, though, I remember a very sad, but funny, Firesign Theater
takeoff on 'Desiderata' which seems to sum you up pretty well. It said
something like '...you're a fluke of the Universe, and, while you're
sitting there, looking stupid, the Universe is laughing behind your back'.
That is, you pop off with the occasional "kill the bastards", or the
occasional "pearl" of business wisdom like the above, and we'd laugh,
except that you're no funnier than any other incontinent old gentleman,
yelling at the local skatepunks trashing his flowerbeds. Or minefields. Or
That's nice. Glad to hear such a well-founded opinion.
Except, of course, that that's the way it's usually done, Tim.  People
raise their money, they get their partners signed up into a legal
arrangement of some kind, they hoist the Jolly Roger if necessary, and they
make a tender offer. In public. No veiled intimations of a "Secret Santa",
somewhere in the wings, come to save the day.
Transactions, for the most part, are based on reputation, or have you
forgotten that as well?
And, yes, Tim, I actually do know how it's done. I've seen it. I've been
right there, albiet with an extremely junior clerk's-eye view, and almost
two decades of hindsight. :-). Certainly, close enough to know when someone
isn't blowing smoke, which is what I'm increasingly convinced I see, here,
so far.
And, sadly, what's really more important here, is that I now know you
*haven't* seen this kind of thing done, Tim, and you don't know any more
about what you've been saying about mergers, or bankruptcy, than what
you've read in the papers. If you read the papers at all anymore, that is.
So, to return to the point, here, if anyone's going to make a run at
DigiCash, they should do something, or, to fracture some scatology, get off
the pot. They should not go stomping around public mailing lists saying the
equivalent of, "I have secret partners and we have secret plans, and we're
going to free the blind signature patent for all to use".
So, please, give me a break. About the "secret santa" bit, anyway. It would
be very nice indeed to pry the blind signature patent out from the beached,
debt-ridden carcass that DigiCash has now become, :-), and I think that
it's going to happen sooner or later.
Whether a bunch of cypherpunks, with or without Timothy C. May, will ride
up in a cloud of dust and save the day remains, of course, to be seen.
Frankly, I'd rather expect that the financial crypto community will step up
to the plate, here, but we'll see.
And, so, with the above, -- and now final, as far as I'm concerned -- pile
of, well, clueless dreck, from you, Tim, I've reached an amazing decision.
Something I never thought would happen, even with all the excrement you've
heaped in my, and other people's, general direction over the years. To
paraphrase the joke about the optimist child at the Christmas tree, there
was usually a pony in mess somewhere.
But, with this, it has finally happened, Tim.
Welcome to *my* killfile.
Given the quality of your contributions to this cypherpunks lately, I
expect that I won't miss you very much, and that is a very sorry shame indeed.
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-17 11:55:05
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Richard Stallman: Encryption software volunteers needed incountries without export control 
Sender: owner-cryptography
[Please re-post this as widely as possible, wherever appropriate]
The US has scored a major victory in the global campaign against
freedom and privacy rights, by persuading 33 major countries to
prohibit export of free encryption software.  These countries are the
ones that are party to the Wassenaar agreement (see list below).
The agreement is not final; putting it into effect would require new
laws or regulations in each country, and in some countries it might be
possible to organize politically to block this.  If you are a citizen
of a country listed below, please talk with your legislators and urge
them to refuse to ratify the agreement.  See  for more
However, anticipating the possibility that these laws will go through,
we need to find volunteers in countries which are not signatories to
take over development and distribution of encryption software such as
the GNU Privacy Guard and PSST.  We are looking for (1) an ftp site
from which to distribute the software, and (2) people to carry on
the development work.
If you have contacts in any non-signatory country, please circulate
this message as widely as possible in your country, looking for people
who might want to volunteer for GNU software development.
Non-signatory countries that come to mind as possible places where
free encryption software can be developed include Mexico, India,
Croatia, China, South Africa, and perhaps Israel.  However, any
country is ok if its laws do not prevent the work.
Big Brother has won a battle, but the war is not over.
List of countries signing the Wassenaar agreement:
Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Canada, Czech Republic,
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy,
Japan, Republic of Korea, Luxembourg, Netherland, New Zealand, Norway,
Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland,
Turkey, Ukraine, United Kingdom and United States.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-18 10:09:48
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Howdy neighbor! Can I borrow an egg, some sugar, and a SCSI cable? 
Resent-Date: Thu, 17 Dec 1998 16:32:14 -0500
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Nev Dull Forwarded-by: "Kevin D. Clark" Source: Leander Kahney inspects a des. res. for hackers
House fit for a mouse
TO RENT: apartment; sleeps 2.8 computers; unique address (on the Web);
Linux in all rooms; only geeks need apply.
This isn't quite how Walden Internet Village advertises itself but it is
how the complex sees itself: 'run by geeks for geeks'. The 12-building
complex in Houston, Texas, boasts pleasant decor and beautiful landscaped
gardens but for the tenants it is trying to attract the most important
feature will be the way it is wired for the future, offering the kind of
high-speed Internet access enjoyed only by big companies and universities.
"It's a community for hackers," says Alan LeFort, marketing director and
network administrator. "It's not easy to find a place where your
neighbours are Perl programmers or Linux freaks."
Every apartment has a 10 Megabit per second pipe to the Internet -- a
connection about 175 times faster than the standard 56k modem. It also
has assigned its own unique Web address, so residents can run their own
Web sites from inside their apartments.
"We don't care what they run as long as its not a porn site," LeFort said.
All apartments also have wiring built into the walls for their own little
home network. "The average resident has 2.8 machines," LeFort says. "They
like to connect them together." The complex also offers several big
computers on an internal network, one dedicated to the game Quake and
another for storing the GNU/Linux software favoured by most tenants. The
few running Windows NT will have to be "educated", LeFort said.
At first sight, Texas with its cowboy image, might seem an unlikely place
for a geek community. But Houston is home to Nasa's Johnson Space Center,
Compaq, and a major axis for the engineering, medical, and, of course,
the oil and energy industries. Already geeks have snapped up about half
the 200 apartments. The company hopes to fill the rest with geeks as
non-hackers' leases expire. Rents range from $675 (L409) per month for a
one-bedroom flat to $1,400 a month for a three-bedroom, two-bathroom home.
The complex boasts an active social life. Every fortnight is party night
when up to 50 people turn up with their computers and hook them into a
fast Local Area Network for playing games.
Walden is a pilot project. The company owns five other complexes in
Houston and is considering re-wiring three of them for hackers.
Visit Walden Internet Villages at  and two of the
complex's game sites at  18 November 1998
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-18 21:46:46
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: international free crypto campaign 
Priority: normal
Status: U
We are in the midst of developing logos 4 the global campaign
proposed as followup 2 the Wassenaar decision.
The logos are here:
We would appreciate ur evaluation, suggestions highly welcome.
quintessenz group is a founding member of the Global Internet
Liberty Campaign. I've done much on the spot reporting from
Wassenaar Office here in Vienna and am one of the coordinators of
the International Crypto Campaign.
hoping 2 hear from u
-.-.- --.-  -.-.- --.-  -.-.- --.-
     q/depesche taeglich ueber
internationale hacks--.-zensur im netz
crypto--.-IT mergers--.-monopole
& die universalitaet digitaler dummheit
subscribe -.-.- --.-  -.-.- --.-  -.-.- --.-
Certified PGP key -.-.- --.-  -.-.- --.-  -.-.- --.-
++43 2266 687201 fon  ++43 2266 687204 fax
-.-.- --.-  -.-.- --.-  -.-.- --.-
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-18 22:35:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Dec. 18 column - Clinton still lying 
Resent-Date: Thu, 17 Dec 1998 20:49:17 -0700
Resent-Sender: vinsends-request
Status: U
    FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
    FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED DEC. 18, 1998
    THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
    There, he did it again
    So again, American missiles and planes are committed to a half-hearted,
just-to-make-a-point "war" in Iraq. (Does no one else recall that a
longer-haired Bill Clinton once protested a war in Vietnam because it was
not legally declared, and further because it was unwinnable, given that
Lyndon Johnson's policy of gradual escalation and "measured response"
turned out to be good for nothing but filling body bags?)
  And so the vast majority of Americans now shuffle into line, dispiritedly
rallying once again behind our fighting men and women, praying for their
  But Americans express this subdued support in spite of -- not because of

@_date: 1998-12-19 09:19:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [Steve Coya] Harmful changes to Wassenaar Arrangement 
Lines: 49
Sender: owner-cryptography
FYI, from the IETF Secretariat.
The IAB and the IESG deplore the recent changes to the Wassenaar
Arrangement ( that further limit the
availability of encryption software by including it in the Wassenaar
agreement's list of export controlled software (section 5.A.2.a.1
of the list of dual-use goods, WA LIST 98 (1)).  As discussed in
RFC 1984, strong cryptography is essential to the security of the
Internet; restrictions on its use or availability will leave us
with a weak, vulnerable network, endanger the privacy of users and
businesses, and slow the growth of electronic commerce.
The new restrictions will have a particularly deleterious effect
on smaller countries, where there may not be enough of a local
market or local expertise to support the development of indigenous
cryptographic products.  But everyone is adversely affected by
this; the Internet is used world-wide, and even sites with access
to strong cryptographic products must be able to talk to those who
do not.  This in turn endangers their own security.
We are happy that the key size limit has been raised in some cases
from 40 bits to 64; however, this is still too small to provide
real security.  We estimate that after a modest capital investment,
a company or criminal organization could crack a 64-bit cipher in less
than a day for about $2500 per solution.  This cost will only drop
in coming years.  A report released about three years ago suggested
that 90-bit keys are the minimum for long-term security.
   Brian Carpenter (IAB Chair)
   Fred Baker (IESG and IETF Chair)
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-21 06:06:12
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: ShootBack this Thursday (answers to questions) 
Resent-Date: Sun, 20 Dec 1998 15:54:24 -0500
Resent-From: wear-hard
Resent-Sender: wear-hard-request
several people have been asking questions about national shootback day
this thursday at noon.
for example a lot of people have asked why the day before christmas,
for which there is an answer, e.g. just bring a camera with you when
you go christmas shopping, and try to capture the spirit of the herds
of christmas shopping customers being watched from above...
it was felt that a faq would help immensely, so here is the
national shootback day faq:
                          NATIONAL ACCOUNTABILITY DAY (NAD)
                       FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (FAQ)
   Q. What is NAD?
   A. NAD is short for National Accountability Day. To some it is a
   protest against those who hold us accountable but refuse to or try to
   avoid being accountable to us. To others, it's a fun celebration of
   mutual accountability. To some, it's a chance to get revenge by
   shooting at people who are members of an organization who's been
   shooting at them. To others, it's a chance to help those who have
   helped them, by giving them the gift of protection. It's different
   things to different people, but the one common element is that it
   involves taking pictures of people who are involved in placing us
   under video surveillance.
   Q. How can I give the gift of protection this Christmas season?
   A. On the entrances to their shops, their signs say ``for YOUR
   protection you are being videotaped''. Isn't it heartwarming to see
   that they are offering you so much love and compassion? In return, you
   must offer them the same protection. By photographing them, you will
   show them that you love them and care for them. Put them in your
   family album, and cherish their smiles for centuries.
   Q. Who was the inventor or originator of NAD?
   A. NAD is not the vision of a single individual, but, rather, it is
   the work of an international coalition that includes artists,
   scientists, engineers, and scholars.
   Q. When is NAD?
   A. December 24, 1998
   Q. Why December 24th? Won't the stores be kind of crowded with last
   minute Christmas shoppers then?
   A. That's exactly the point of selecting December 24th. The meaning of
   Christmas has become one of consumerism. Like herds of animals we are
   shepherded into the shops only to be distrusted by the shopkeepers who
   watch over us from on high, with their omniscient surveillance
   network. When the sheep are greatest in number, the shopkeepers will
   have a more difficult time of keeping order. Moreover, it gets boring
   waiting in the long lineups. Why not pass away the time standing in
   line, by doing a little shooting. So take a camera along during your
   Christmas shopping and do a little camera shooting.
   Why was Christmas Eve chosen ? The shops will be rather busy.
   A. that's exactly why. 12:00 noon dec.24th will be the busiest day,
   and the best expression of corporate culture, and the best time to
   shoot. It's a human element.. crowds of people herded like cattle,
   overseen by the surveillance. Also the lineups will be long, so it was
   felt that folks could entertain themselves while waiting in line by
   shooting. When you get bored waiting in line, liven it up with some
   camerafire. Shoot when you're bored. Shoot when you're frustrated.
   Shoot when you're being shot!!!
   Q. Is NAD the same as ShootBack Day?
   A. Yes, NAD is also known to many as National ShootBack Day or
   National ShootingBack Day. (ShootBack is one word! There is no space
   between Shoot and Back.)
   Q. Isn't 12:00 noon going to happen at different times since the
   different parts of the nation are in different time zones?
   Furthermore, National Accountability Day is International. If that
   itself isn't an oxymoron, then at least it adds to the confusion since
   different coutries around the world are in much different time zones.
   A. That's exactly the point of doing it at noon. As high noon sweeps
   past various time zones, the shot heard around the world will be that
   of clicking cameras. This shot will travel around the world, and the
   shot heard around the world will be the shot seen around the world,
   later on when the contest submissions come in. The shot seen around
   the world will be seen in the nationless realm of cyberspace, hence
   the term ``National'' is partly in jest, for it is certainly not
   limited to any nation in particular.
   Q. How do I enter the contest?
   A. Send your pictures to
International Photo Contest,
284 Bloor Street West, Suite 701,
Toronto, Ontario, Canada,
M5S 3B8
   All submissions become property of NAD and will not be returned.
   Winning entries along with a large number of the submissions will be
   posted to the online gallery.
   Q. What format should the pictures be in?
   A. Any developed format (print, film positive, film negative, etc.),
   or any file format that can be read using GNU software under Gnu
   Public License on a computer running the Linux operating system.
   Alternatively, submissions may be placed on an FTP or HTTP server and
   the address or URL may be submitted. Any submissions that require
   commercial software or commercial operating systems to read will be
   discarded without review. Acceptable media include slides, silver
   halide prints, or other standard forms of photographic prints up to
   8.5 by 11 inches, computer printouts, film negatives, plates (glass
   plate negatives up to 8 by 10 inches), film negative strips, film
   positive strips, diffractive prints, 3.5 inch floppy disks, ISO 9660
   CD ROMs, IDE devices, or SCSI devices. Photographic media must have
   been developed (e.g. no undeveloped films or forms that require
   chemical treatment or processing by NAD staff will be accepted). If
   submissions are made by URL, the image format must be universally
   readable from any WWW browser.
   Q. I have heard that NAD is a protest? Is this true? Will there be a
   march?
   A. If you prefer to think of NAD as a protest, it can certainly be
   explained that way. Rather than protesting by carrying signs, or by
   marching, citizens will protest by going on shooting sprees. Armed
   with their own photographic or videographic cameras and recording
   devices, ordinary citizens will dish out some accountability by taking
   pictures of people who are representatives of organizations who are
   taking pictures of them.
   Q. If NAD isn't a protest, than what is it?
   A. Another equally valid interpretation is that NAD is an agreement
   with the status quo rather than a protest against it. In this
   interpretation cameras are good, so let's have more of them. Pictures
   are good, so let's all take pictures. If a department store is such a
   dangerous place that cameras are needed, then so be it. What's good
   for the goose is good for the gangster. Everyone shoots everyone and
   we're all happy. ``Only criminals are afraid of cameras'', so let's
   give representatives of the Surveillance Superhighway a chance to
   define themselves by seeing if they're afraid of cameras. When we ask
   why we are under video surveillance, we are told by the Bigs that
   ``only criminals are afraid of cameras'', or we are asked ``why are
   you so paranoid''. Now is the time to allow the Bigs to define
   themselves.
   Q. How can I participate?
   A. All you need to do is bring a camera --- any camera --- to a place
   where video surveillance is used.
   Q. How will I know who I should shoot?
   A. Taking pictures of the surveillance cameras will cause models to
   appear very quickly for you to photograph. When you point your camera
   at their cameras, the officials watching their television monitors
   will very quickly dispatch the models for you to shoot. This is a
   universal phenomenon that happens in nearly any large organization
   where video surveillance is used. Models often carry two--way radios
   and wear navy blue uniforms with special badges. Most will be eager to
   pose close to your camera, especially the hand models. They will reach
   out and place their hands over your camera lens so you can get a
   closup hand shot.
   Q. What is the rationale behind NAD?
   A. We are all accountable for our actions. The Bigs keep us under
   surveillance, whether we're just walking down the street, shopping, or
   sometimes even when we're changing clothes in their fitting rooms
   (Phil Patton, Jan. '95, WiReD). That's why Thursday, December 24th is
   National Accountability Day. This is the day to arm yourself with a
   camera, or other photographic or videographic instrumentation, and
   enter various department stores, and other establishments that match
   the classic definition of totalitarian (e.g. establishments that wish
   to know everything about everyone yet reveal nothing about
   themselves).
   Q. What are some examples of totalitarian establishments?
   A. Examples of totalitarian establishments are those in which we are
   placed under extensive video surveillance, yet we are prohibited from
   taking pictures ourselves. The goal of National Accountability Day is
   to challenge this one-sided aspect of Totalitarian Surveillance.
   Q. What subject matter, other than pictures of the surveillance
   cameras and representatives of the SS should I shoot?
   A. Participants will also photograph or make videos of any illegal
   activity they happen to encounter in these totalitarian
   establishments. Evidence of illegal activity includes fire exits
   chained shut, and other forms of entrapment, forcible confinement
   doors, and the like, which are potential fire hazards.
   Q. Should I shoot alone, or be part of a firing squad.
   A. Going salvo is better than going solo. It is preferable that groups
   of citizens participate in unison, to prevent, or at least document
   illegal theft or vandalism of photographic equipment by the Bigs.
   Q. Is there a deeper philisophical underpinning to NAD, or is it just
   a bunch of angry people going postal?
   A. The camera is like Hamlet's Mirror, allowing the Bigs to define
   themselves within a Reflectionist context. Reflectionism holds up a
   mirror to society, and constructs this mirror in a symmetrical way, so
   that it is defined on the same terms as that which it calls into
   question.
   Q. Is there any slogan or aphorism I might use to publicize NAD?
   A.
   Shoot Authority First
   Question Authority Later.
   (Shoot first, ask questions later)
   Q. Is NAD a photo conntest?
   A. There is a photo contest associated with NAD. For entry
   instructions, see Subcription/unsubscription/info requests: send e-mail with subject of
"subscribe", "unsubscribe", or "info" to wear-hard-request
Wear-Hard Mailing List Archive (searchable): --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-21 23:46:41
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: New PGP key for Lucky Green 
Why didn't you just send out a revocation along with your key, then?
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-22 02:54:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Friedman (The Younger) Sings... 
Wherein David Friedman teaches cryptoanarchy 101 to the folks at the Cato
A RealAudio transcription from the Cato/Forbes ASAP conference on
cryptography held earlier this year.
Listen to this. It's important. Even if you know what he's gonna say
already, it's a very good thing to have heard so you can point newbies to
--- begin forwarded text
Have you listened to
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-22 03:11:58
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hayek Quote of the Week - Rule of Law 
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research                  Hayek Quote of the Week
"It is often not recognized that general and equal laws
provide the most effective protection against infringement
of individual liberty, this is due mainly to the habit of
tacitly exempting the state and its agents from them and
of assuming that the government has the power to
grant exemptions to individuals.  The ideal of the rule of
law requires that the state either enforce the law upon
others -- and that this be its only monopoly -- or act under
the same law and therefore be limited in the same manner
as the private person.  It is this fact that all rules apply
equally to all, including those who govern, which makes
it improbable that any oppressive rules will be adopted.
It would be humanly impossible to separate effectively the
laying-down of new general rules and their application
to particular cases unless these functions were performed
by different persons or bodies.  This part of the doctrine
of the separation of powers23 [fn23.  See W. S. Holdsworth's
review of the 9th edition of A. V. Dicey, _Constitution_, in
the _Law Quarterly Review_, Vol. LV (1939), which contains
one of the latest authoritative statements in England of the
tradition conception of the rule of law.  It deserves quotation
at length, but we will reproduce only one paragraph here:
'The rule of law is as valuable a principle today as it has ever
been.  For it means that the Courts can see to it that the
powers of officials, and official bodies of persons entrusted
with government, are not exceeded and are not abused,
and the rights of citizens are determined in accordance with
the law enacted and unenacted.  Insofar as the jurisdiction
of the Courts is ousted, and officials or official bodies of
persons are given a purely administrative discrection, the
rule of law is abrogated.  It is not abrogated if these officials
or official bodies are given a judicial or quasi-judicial
discretion, although the machinery through which the rule
is applied is not that of the Courts.'] must therefore be
regarded as an intergral part of the rule of law.  Rules must
not be made with particular cases in mind, nor must
particular cases be decided in light of anything but the
general rule -- though this rule may not yet have been
explicityly formulated and therefore have to be discovered.
This requires independent judges who are not concerned
with the temporary ends of government ,,, "
Friedrich Hayek, _The Constitution of Liberty_, Chicago:
U. of Chicago.  1960.  pp. 21-211.
Hayek Quote of the Week is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-22 03:43:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Hayek Quote of the Week - Rule of Law 
Woops. Corrected version:
"IF it is often not recognized that general and equal law
provide the most effective protection against infringement
of individual liberty, this is due mainly to the habit of
tacitly exempting the state and its agents from them and
of assuming that the government has the power to grant
exemptions to individuals."
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-22 05:26:23
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Friedman (The Younger) Sings... 
I see Declan is correctly picking nits about my use of the word "the". :-).
Your definition of "is" may vary, of course. Must be the water in DC, or
something. ;-).
The actual content of Freidman's speech aside (apparently), I stand upbraided,
your honor, as I'm sure *you* told the Catons all about CryptoA way before
they *ever* heard of Friedman. ;-).
(Yes, I know, Declan, you *know* Freidman, he was a good friend of yours, and
so forth and so on...)
- From the questions, which were the standard clueless ones one gets from the
"policy" establishment on cryptoanarchy and anarchocapitalism, and, frankly,
cryptography in general, it sounded to me like they were receiving a first
hearing of Dr. Friedman, the putative (philosophical) godfather of all
cypherpunkery. An attack on flatland from the sky, and all that.
One way or another, the proof is in the .ra viewing, for anyone who wants to
go look for themselves.
Which segues me, in an attempt to ad value to the thread, other than thrashing
Declan for his nits :-), viz:
Given the remarkable cypherpunk-like sound of Dr. Friedman, the real question
here is, who came first, Freidman-egg, or cypherpunk-chickens?  The first
edition of "The Machinery of Freedom" came out in the early 1980's, (83?,
though somewhat-recently revised), yet Freidman leans heavily on post-mid-80's
Chaum in his talk to Cato, and uses heretofore cypherpunk neology, like
"anonymous remailers", "reputation capital", and the like. Not to mention
actual citation of the list itself in reference to Brin's book about the
hopelessness of all privacy.
And, of course, cash-settled information purchases. He mentions IPiracy in his
Cato talk, and tries to work around it contractually, and intimates that
watermarking might be silly unless you can recompile your code with
canary-traps for every customer, but doesn't say anything, like he should,
about Hughes'"organized piracy" idea, much less recursive (geodesic) auctions,
and so forth, as the obvious emergent solution to the whole problem of
"intellectual" property. Maybe he prefers contracts because he's employed by a
law school, or something? :-).
Personally, I think myself that people haven't read Coase closely enough. That
is, it seems to me that an encrypted copy of something in storage of my
exclusive control is about as private as private property can get, and as
such, I can sell it for whatever I can get for it.
If it's on my hard drive, it ain't yours anymore, in other words. Somewhere,
in my rants-to-do stack, is something on this topic, especially in light of
the explosively emerging MP3 market out there, and, paradoxically, the market
for the blind signature patent.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-22 07:38:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: dbts: Georecursive Auctions (was Re: Friedman (The Younger)Sings...) 
I'm going to do a real rant on this, someday Real Soon Now, and you can see
the germ of the idea in Freidman's talk, and in my old Shipwright rants
, and also, I think, on the Philodox site
More to the point, we all, as far as I can tell, stole it from Eric Hughes,
who even went so far as to present a paper on the subject, long ago at a
DEFCON far away. Who knows where *he* got it from, but that's enough geneology
for the time being...
The point I'm making above comes from Ronald Coase, the father of modern
microeconomics, winner of Nobel for same, circa 1992?.
The most important thing that Coase said, the thing which got him the Nobel,
was that firm size was directly related to transaction cost.
In an information economy, especially in a world of Moore's law (yielding
increasingly geodesic networks, and the markets overlaid on them) and strong
cryptography (digital bearer transactions, perfect pseudonymity, etc.),
tranaction costs get *very* small indeed, and in a considerable hurry.
To some, I believe clueless :-), people, the above means that we still get
economies of scale, because the first copy of a given modern bloatware
application, like Word for Windows, is enormously expensive compared to its
replication cost, which is functionally free by comparison, even if you put a
box around it, much less if you just put it up for download from the web.
However, *I* say that if you can do profitable transactions in, say, the
micropenny range, you get a world where the bloated, industrially-delivered
code-in-boxes that we've all come to know and love starts to surfact, under
its own weight, into smaller and smaller functional bits, each maintained by
different, and much smaller, firms.
I use open source software as my case in point. Notice that, since the cost of
code itself is free, there is a huge, and expanding, diversity of very
specialized code out there now. The writers of that code don't make any money
on that code except by proxy, through enhanced reputation, and so forth.
However, if you could drive the cost of *transactions* down, people *would*
write code just for the money, and simply auction it off their websites to the
highest bidder, and could do so, profitably, for rediculously cheap prices.
More about that in a minute.
Sure, Red Hat grosses $20 million, but that's more a function of the
cost-domination of sneaker-netted CDROM over the still-scrawny lower
capillaries of the internet. More to the point, I claim, it's the result of
the cost of *credit-cards*, even *checks*, as a way to pay for code.
Book-entry settlement, in other words, which is done "out of band", over
private, hierarchical, and proprietary financial transaction networks.
If it were possible to pay to download code, as you needed it, for
instantaneously net-settled *cash*, and for sufficiently small enough bits of
money, then the need, the price-economy, if you will, for large glops of code
would go away.
And, Coase's theorem says (I think) so too would the large firms required to
generate those large glops of code.
So, what we're left with is a world where the legalities of intellectual
property are physically impossible to enforce, thus words like "privacy" cease
to have any real meaning. If you can't enforce such an intellectual "property"
law, it's kind of hard to call it a law, as most law professors and
philosophers of law will tell you.
Ironically, I claim, that's a very strong form of a *second* observation that
Ronald Coase made, that you can't have markets without private property.
Sounds like a motherhood, now, but he was the first person to articulate that
clearly, back in the early part of this century, and it's one of the reasons
he got the Nobel, of course.
*My* variant on Coase says that you don't need *laws* to ensure private
property in digital form. Cryptography will do just fine. Like I said, if it's
encrypted, and it's on my hard drive, it's now *mine* no matter where I got
it, laws or not. I mean, who's to know I have it to begin with, and, more to
the point, who's going to take it away without my permission, especially in a
world of encrypted offsite net.backups, m-of-n archival reconstruction, etc.
Write software, not laws, to quote the my old cypherpunk chestnut.
Yet, I claim, to finally answer your point :-), people who *make* new code in
such abrave new world, *still* make the most money. No, not "publish", or even
distribute new code, like Microsoft and Ingram do, but the actual guy plinking
away in CodeWarrior, or whatever. The mind behind the code, the developer,
let's call him, in a proper use of the now mostly corrupted word.
Here's how. You write software for a living. You upgrade your existing code
base, and you announce its availablity to the net. Everyone who has your code
knows how good your work is, and they probably have a standing bid in to buy
revs of it at some specific price, anyway. So, just like the specialist's book
at the New York Stock Exchange, you, or your website's CGI, accepts those
bids, highest to lowest, and, as new bids come in, you sort them into the
queue of outstanding orders, by price, of course, :-), and accept them in that
Notice something important, but obvious, here. The people who bid the highest
get the first copy. We'll worry about Vickery variations on that auction some
other time.
Secondly, there's the fun part, the *recursive* part of "geodesic recursive"
or neologically, and, this very afternoon, "georecursive", auctions.
That is, if I paid a monster pile for the first copy, I must have such a
profitable need for it that it's worth it to me to pay that much. Of course,
one of the most profitable things I can do especially in a world where the net
isn't quite geodesic enough yet, and Freidman hints at this in his Cato talk,
is to *flip* that code.
Frankly, this is nothing really now. It's done identically the same way that
large institutions flip IP0's in the market for a hot stock, or, more
properly, a recording company or software "publisher" puts "talent" under
contract and remarkets their output in classical vertically-integrated, and I
say, now-industrial, markets for those goods.
So, back to the future, I pay through the nose to get to the first copy of
your code, because I have an orderbook of my *own* to fill, and, more
properly, I have sufficient bandwidth and processing power of my own to
remarket it. Even more fun, someone *else* can buy from me, and resell what I
sell them, *recursively*, ad infinitum, and, frankly I don't really *care*
what they do with what I sold them, because I've already bought low and sold
I claim, even with all this rampant "piracy", and, especially as the network
gets more geodesic -- a process which these markets would probably
*accellerate* by the way think what would happen if you could sell bandwidth
this way -- the person who collects the most economic "rent" would be *you*,
the originator of the new code. Just like a rock star, if the code was popular
enough, but without the recording company. Well, actually, with lots of very
*little* record *distributors*, all taking a haircut, and, rarely would any of
them make anything near like what you made selling the first copies.
I mean, new information always costs more than old information, right? And, of
course, you, as a developer, will always have the *newest* information of
Finally, it even behoves huge companies who control large blocks of
intellectual property, record companies, and Microsoft, for instance, :-), to
compete in this new kind of market, precisely *because* the the transaction
costs are so low and the initial profit margins are correspondingly higher.
It's *profitable* to play in this market, even when you're losing market
share, paradoxically, to smaller players. Think of what happened to large
movie studios in the 1960's and '70's, and how they were replaced, in the
*production* of movies, by director-owned, mostly ad-hoc, "virtual" production
companies, like Coppola's Zoetrope, or Speilburg's Amblin, or Lucasfilm/ILM.
Even the new "studios", like Dreamworks/SKG are really director-run
enterprizes (Spielburg and Geffen, remember?).
The "directors", the "auteurs" of software, are pretty much the guys who write
the code, yes?
Everything else is just transaction cost.
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-23 04:14:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: alternative b-money creation 
Ithaca Hours. They like LETS, are based, more or less, on Marx's "Labor
Theory of Value".
'nuff said, I figure. Stupid is as stupid does, to quote a famous Alabaman...
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-23 08:21:18
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CL: PJ O'Rourke on economic books & Hayek 
My only exception to this rule is "Investments", by Sharpe, which,
unfortunately, isn't for the innumerate. :-).
--- begin forwarded text
Reply-To: Hayek Related Research Sender: Hayek Related Research   >>  Current Literature  <<   --  economics / humor
"A NOTE ABOUT THE BIBLIOGRAPHY
There isn't one.  I'm too lazy.  And who ever heard
of humor with footnotes?  But there are certain books
which I found crucial to a neophyte student of
economics, especially if (and I mean no insult to
the texts by this) that student is uninformed, innumerate,
light-minded, and a big goof-off.  In other words, these
are the books to read if you want to know something
about economics but have never gotten further into the
subject than figuring out a trifecta at Belmont:
  _Free to Choose_ and _Capitalism and Freedom_
by Milton and Rose Friedman ,,,
  _The Road to Serfdom_ by Friedrich A. Hayek ,,,
  _The Armchair Economist by Steven E. Landsburg ,,,
There are certain books you should avoid, such as
anything with the words Investment and Success in the title
and everything ever written by John Kenneth Galbraith ,,,"
P. J. O'Rourke, _Eat the Rich: A Treatise On Economics_.
New York: Atlantic Monthly Press.  1998.  pp. xvi-xvi.
Current Literature is a regular feature of the Hayek-L list.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-23 10:37:02
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Advanced Crypto Graduate Course 
Reply-To: Christof Paar Please find below an announcement for the Crypto II graduate course. I'll
be happy to answer any question about the course contents. For
registration questions, please contact WPI's Graduate Admission Office at
                 Christof Paar,  Assistant Professor
          Cryptography and Information Security (CRIS) Group
      ECE Dept., WPI, 100 Institute Rd., Worcester, MA 01609, USA
fon: (508) 831 5061    email: christof
fax: (508) 831 5491    www:

@_date: 1998-12-23 22:45:52
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Context Magazine interviews with Moore, Metcalfe, and Coase 
Well, I don't know about *heroes*. I mean, Tom Swift, or the Grey Lensman,
were *heroes*, right? ;-).
Still these are some good interviews, in complete keeping with the topic of
my last pico-rant.
Metcalfe talks about micromoney, even what looks, facially, like a
georecursive market. Sans digital bearer transaction settlement, of course,
but they'll all learn... :-).
Also note where Coase guess that transaction costs (not just settlement and
clearing, but the whole information enchelada of finding products, etc.)
might come to 45% of GDP, or $4.5 trillion for the US alone.
Stuff like that is why I say that digital bearer transactions will be the
dominant value transfer technology of the coming geodesic economy.
--- begin forwarded text
Somebody sent you this article from CONTEXT Magazine
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-24 07:17:25
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: http://walkerdigital.com/html/patents.html 
Walker Digital, a self-described "Edison in Menlo Park" knockoff, and
propagator of the priceline.com business model patent (which see, above), is
the feature article of this week's omi-1998-gawd issue of The Industry
WD has been patenting everything it can think of, including something I heard
of at least 3 years ago from Eric Hughes and Bob Hilby at Simple Access:
accumulating internet purchases to a 900- telephone number bill. However,
since WD is 5 years old, maybe they got there first after after all, and
that's why Hilby, Hughes and Co., stopped talking about it. Either that or
Eric got Yet Another Big Idea, and they went chasing down *that* rabbithole
instead. As a mostly unmedicated ADDer, I can sympathize with that problem,
myself :-)...
Anyway, since business process patents are the subject of this month's DCSB
meeting, with what I'm sure will be a great talk by Michael Schmelzer and Ira
Heffan of Testa Hurwitz here in Boston, I figured I'd give everyone on these
lists some food for beforehand. People should monitor
, for the actual text of the article, if and when
it eventually hits their archives. It'll probably take a week or so.
If, of course, they don't have a copy of the magazine themselves already, that
William Braddock, who's the chairman and CEO of Priceline now, used to be up
my direct chain of command, three or four bosses up, when I was an operations
analyst at Citicorp 10 years ago, though I never met him.  Eventually, he
ended up President and CEO of Citicorp after I left.
The guys I worked for always used to talk about him reverentually, but that
could just be an organization-man thing. I seem to remember Steve Schear, who
used to work at a different Citicorp company back then, talking lately about
Braddock once or twice, but I can't remember if Schear knew Braddock back then
or not.
Finally, and most important for us, it looks like Bruce Schnier's involved
with Walker Digital as a partner.
Given the cryptographic content of not a few of their patents, (like
5,828,751, "Method for Secure Measurement Certification", or  5,768,832,
"Remote-Auditing of Computer-Generated Outcomes and Authenticated Billing and
Access-Control System Using Cryptographic and Other Protocols") it looks like
that's where he's parking some of his IP these days. But, of course, I haven't
gone to look at the patents themselves to see if his name's on them, so that's
only speculation.
Curioser and curioser.
Reading all of this stuff this afternoon me made me antsy enough, grouchy,
really, to start a rant about this kind of patent-farming, sparked both by all
the registered trademarks in the DigiCash bankruptcy filing, and compounded
all the fun things Walker Digital has gone and patented, things which are
braindead simple. To some people, anyway. :-).
Priceline, for instance, seems to me exactly like the specialist's book at the
New York Stock Exchange, frankly, but since it's now on the internet, it's
patentable, according to the Patent Office.
Anyway, the rant on this is forthcoming, or at least in the hopper, my having
vented a little steam here, and, in the meantime, I thought I'd fire off this
heads-up to everyone so they can read the Industry Standard article
themselves. It's on Page 60 of the December 28 / January 4 issue.
And, tangentally, to plug January 5th's DCSB meeting, of course, :-), which
should be a really good one, in light of current events.
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-24 11:33:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: http://walkerdigital.com/html/patents.html 
IMHO, the patent office has no clue what the hell they're doing.  Maybe
it is time we do away with patents and let people who feel ripped off rely
the courts for restitution.
I have always thought that patents were to protect the inventor from
being ripped off.  However, i now find that:
1. patents are slowing down progress, since someone with a better idea
can't use that idea since somehow, any incarnation of the patented idea,
however different it may be, is covered by the broadness of the patent,
thanks to some high paid lawyer.
2. patents are meant for "inventions", not ideas.  Ideas are getting
patented everyday.  I know of many.  Why do I consider them ideas and
not inventions?  Because the patented "thing" isn't available.  There is
a description of how it will work, what it will do and how someone could
build it, in a million different ways, if they could figure out the tiny
details themselves, since that is the part missing.  But can you go
anywhere and touch the invention, or see it operate or use it in some
manner, however preliminary?  No.
I still have the folder that E*Data sent me four or more years ago,
stating:  We would rather license than litigate.  Here is a list of
companies we've sued.  You'd look through the paperwork and everything
was spelled out except what you would get from them if you licensed
their patent, other than permission.  You remember E-Data?  Where are
they now?  Well they had a big blow a few months ago to their silly
All in all, I don't think patents help the small inventor any more.
Those who can afford it, tell a lawyer what they are thinking and in
60-90 days, the attorney will have filed a patent with no more than a
few follow-up phone calls or faxes.  Those who can't afford it will
continue to be robbed of their inventions.
My rant.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-24 11:29:13
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Merry Christmas from <Somewhere> 
Now, *this* is curious...
Anyone, especially from C2NET, wanna take a shot at the following?
I think I can tell him what CTO means ;-), but what about the rest?
--- begin forwarded text
Status: U
Dear Rob Hettinga Merry Christmas and a happy new year! Hi, my name is I hope you remember me from FC98. I am trying to find out what is happening with C2net.
I heard a rumor that C2net had corporate restructuring and Sameer quit
CEO and became CTO.  What is CTO anyway?
Also, there was a rumor that someone who was in charge of the development
of the SSL
in Australia quit working for C2net.
Does this have to do with Sameer's announcement of the OpenSSL project? I really need to know this.  Please reply to my e-mail if you know anything
about it.
Thank you. --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-24 23:51:53
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: SCC's SmartFilter Bans Crypto/Privacy Website(s) as Naughty, not Nice? 
Sender: owner-coderpunks
 sells a content filter ("SmartFilter") which is used
to restrict web access from within corporations and other organizations.
Forum, a mailing list and website on the Internet at
, recently reported that for over a year (see the
attached post) corporate employees at sites which use SCC's SmartFilter
have typically been restricted from accessing the Privacy Forum website or
archives because the Privacy Forum's occasional discussion of cryptography.
and ethical values, policy, and crypto politics -- were apparently enough
to define the Privacy Forum website as a repository of "criminal skill."
explicitly asked for crypto resource sites on the web to be defined as
off-limits. It is still unclear how those requests (one from the corporate
site which brought the matter to Weinstein's attention) resulted in SCC
staff labelling the Privacy Forum website -- along with, one must presume,
many _many_ others --  as a repository of criminal skills.  (Other sites
which fall into this SmartFilter category include, for example, websites
which make available information about what ingredients can be used to make
a bomb. Shades of Wassenaar and ITAR.)
more sophisticated  vendors in computer security. There are a lot of smart
people at SCC who will doubtless cringe when they hear this story.
evaluation staff (and the web filters they use to express and embody their
judgements) could categorize a privacy site as "criminal" just because it
archives discussions of cryptography and crypto politics. Some of the best
of those discussions, for instance, may have involved SCC employees like
cryptographer Rick Smith;-)
website categorized as offering "criminal skills" by SCC's SmartFilter
staff may, with no recourse, suffer irrepreparable harm -- the best and
most daring response SCC could come up with was to promise to set up a
website at which organizations and commercial entities could query the SCC
database to see how SCC's website evaluators labelled them.
Smartfilter product.... It also presumes that representatives of those
agencies, firms, or organizations feel compelled to inquire to see if SCC's
professional moralists labelled them in some similarly eccentric category.)
of the Hoover Building consider crypto savvy (or an obsession with privacy)
as inherently "criminal."  Not yet anyway.
which  routinely block corporate employee access to some feisty, litigious,
and well-networked civil libertarian groups like the ACLU, EPIC, CDT, or PI
as repositories of Criminal Skills.  Oh, yes indeed!
an ocassional discussion of crypto, does it make sense that the websites of
SDTI/RSA,  Entrust, IBM, MS, Netscape, et al, eluded the ban and some
similar label? Inquiring Minds wanna to know.
International Computer Security Association's testing labs:
. The SmartFilter data sheet is at:
 and there is a white
paper at: SCC provides SmartFilter access controls adapted for both Unix and Windows
NT, as well as for the Microsoft Proxy Server, the Netscape Proxy Server,
several firewalls, the CSM Proxy Server, the NetCache Proxy Server, and the
Squid Proxy Server.
------- original message ---
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-26 15:00:09
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: [PNS-List] CFP: Epidemiology of Ideas 
Mailing-List: contact pns-list-owner
Reply-To: pns-list
Delivered-To: listsaver-egroups-PNS-List
THE MONIST
An International Quarterly Journal of General Philosophical Inquiry
Edited by Barry Smith
CALL FOR PAPERS
THE EPIDEMIOLOGY OF IDEAS
Deadline for submissions: July 2000
Advisory Editor: Dan Sperber (CREA, Paris)
Both in the psychological and in the social sciences, the notion of
representation plays a major role. But how are the psychological notion of
a mental representation and the sociological notion of a collective or
cultural representation related? While there has been a naturalistic turn
in cognitive science, proposals for the naturalization of mental
representations have had little or no impact on the social sciences. This
may be due in part to the fact that these naturalistic proposals typically
focus on the individual cognizer. Yet, a large proportion of the mental
representations of a human individual are, in fact, mere individual
versions of representations widely distributed in human groups.
like populations of bacteria or viruses) are hosted by human populations,
it becomes possible to apply to the distribution and evolution of mental
representations models derived from epidemiology, population genetics, and
evolutionary theory. Cultural representations are then seen as strains of
mental representations of very similar content widely distributed across a
population. To approach cultural representations in this way is to look for
the causal explanation of macro-scale cultural phenomena in the
micro-processes of cognition and transmission. It is to engage in a kind of
epidemiology of ideas. Philosophers, biologists, and anthropologists have
developed a variety of such epidemiological or evolutionary models, with
particular application to cultural diffusion and to the history and
philosophy of science. Both philosophers and social scientists with a
serious interest in philosophy are invited to contribute papers on these
and related topics.
Department of Philosophy             611 Baldy Hall
University at Buffalo                          716 633 2041
Buffalo NY 14260 - 1010          fax: 716 645 6139

@_date: 1998-12-29 03:03:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Friedman sings, part II. 
This time it's for Brian Lamb's "Booknotes" show on CSPAN. The above is a
transcript, about 60k.
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-29 03:28:00
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: People With Honor 
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-30 01:14:45
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FW: Repeal Compulsory-School Laws? 
Sender: owner-general
-----Original Message-----
Sent:	Saturday, December 26, 1998 11:06 AM
Separation of School and State Alliance - New Hampshire
The following article is brought to you courtesy of SepSchool-NH
If you wish to be removed from this mailing list, please reply with your
request to be removed.  Thank you.
*****REPEAL COMPULSORY-SCHOOL LAWS? *****
Backers Say Learning And Innovation At Stake
Three years ago, state Rep. Russell George, a Republican, offered an
amendment to repeal the Colorado law that mandates school attendance for
children between ages 6 and 16.  George's reason: Disruptive kids who would
rather not be in school were causing problems for attentive students.  "I
posed a simple theory," George said. "If you want better education, then
you are better off having people in the system who want to learn. We
shouldn't be using schools as juvenile justice detention centers.  "That
forces learning at the lowest common denominator.  And until we figure that
out, we are not going to get a handle on why the public schools aren't
doing well," he said.
What's more, some critics of the attendance laws say repealing them could
lead to a flowering of innovative private schools.  Repeal also could free
the estimated 1.7 million children who are schooled at home from burdensome
regulations.  Such benefits, analysts say, could entice other states to
follow Colorado's lead and reconsider the wisdom of compulsory school
attendance.  Every state requires children to attend school until they earn
a high-school diploma or until they reach a certain age, typically 16 or
18.  Massachusetts passed the first compulsory-schooling law in 1852.  Most
states (and former territories) followed suit over the next several
decades.  George's amendment to repeal the compulsory-attendance laws died
in committee, but many parents and frustrated teachers supported the change.
The idea was particularly popular in rural western Colorado. But it had
supporters statewide, says Arthur Ellis, assistant commissioner of the
Colorado Department of Education.  "I wouldn't be surprised if we saw a
similar bill brought forward in the next session," Ellis said. If so, it
will have a powerful champion in George, who is the new speaker of the
Colorado House.
Colorado's education establishment is not keen on repealing the state's
century-old attendance laws, however.  By repealing its attendance laws,
the state would be "abandoning" its responsibility to kids, says Jeanne
Beyer, director of communications for the Colorado Education Association.
Democrat Michael Feeley, minority leader of the Colorado Senate, said: "We
would grow an underclass of uneducated, unemployable, illiterate kids who
would be sticking a gun in your ribs because that's the only thing they
would be capable of doing."
On the contrary, "It's actually the system that has abandoned the kids,"
said Sheldon Richman, senior fellow at the Future of Freedom Foundation.
"It sticks them in a custodial facility and lets them languish."
Richard Seder, education studies director at the Reason Public Policy
Institute in Los Angeles, said that compulsory attendance can contribute to
violence in the schools.  "A student who doesn't want to be at school and
is forced to be there will act out, (either) through intimidation of other
students or intimidation of teachers and administrators," Seder said.
It's not clear that repealing compulsory-attendance laws would actually put
kids on the streets, says E.G. West, an emeritus economics professor at
Carleton University in Ottawa, Ontario, and author of "Education and the
State." West studied compulsory-attendance laws in Britain and found that
education was widespread before schooling was mandatory and free.  "There
were upward trends in both literacy and school attendance" before
compulsory-schooling laws passed, West said.  In the mid-1800s, school
attendance rates were growing twice as fast as the population. By 1870, the
British literacy rate was more than 90%, and nearly all kids received some
formal schooling.  What's more, many youths benefited from apprenticeship
programs. "A lot of the firms that employed younger people provided them
with education on the job," West said.
If all that's true, why were the compulsory-attendance laws passed in the
first place?
"I think the primary reason was to eliminate competition in the labor
force," said Mary Novello, author of "For All the Wrong Reasons: The Story
Behind Government Schools." She says some of the support for mandatory
schooling came from labor organizers who thought young workers were taking
jobs from adults.
Marshall Fritz, director of the Fresno, Calif.-based Separation of School &
State Alliance, thinks that the attendance laws create an artificial
distinction between campus schooling and everyday, less-formal learning.
If the laws are repealed, he says, that distinction will be blurred, and
innovative schools will prosper. That's badly needed, Fritz says, because
most private schools now mirror the public schools in their approach. "I
think the government schools are teaching the kids to run a 17-minute
mile," he said. "The private schools are teaching them to run a 13- or
14-minute mile.  And they look great in comparison, because in the race of
the slow, someone has to be first."
Richman, the author of "Separating School and State," shares Fritz's
frustration about private schools' lack of creativity. But he's less
optimistic about alternative schools sprouting up.  For that to happen, he
says, it may be necessary to eliminate the taxes that fund public schools
as well as to repeal attendance laws.  "When Christopher Whittle set up the
Edison Project (a system of private, for-profit schools), he said he was
going to reinvent the school. But he ran up against the problem that a lot
of people who were already paying taxes for schools didn't also want to
spend money for tuition," Richman said.
However, repealing compulsory-attendance laws would instantly make life
easier for many home-schoolers, says Michael Farris, father of 10
home-schooled children and president of the Home School Legal Defense
Association in Purcellville, Va.  The laws not only say that kids must go
to school, but they also define what is and is not a school, Farris says.
Consider the case of Stephen and Lois Pustell of Lynn, Mass. They home
school their three school-aged children. They've been in a court battle
with their local school district since '91.  The school district says it
should be able to inspect the family's home to see how the kids are being
taught.  The Pustells object. "In our case, they were willing to waive all
the other requirements (for home-schoolers, including an annual review of
the curricula and the students' progress) except for the home visits," Mr.
Pustell said.
"Without the compulsory-attendance law, there would be no justification at
all for what they are trying to do."
Despite the Pustells' situation, Farris says home-schoolers are having
fewer problems now than in the past.  "There's no question that things have
moved in a more lenient direction in the last 15 years. If you were a
home-schooler in the early '80s, there was a high probability that you
would be prosecuted," Farris said.
In '96, Hawaii lowered its compulsory-attendance age to 16 from 18. Other
states have considered similar changes. Will Colorado go all the way and
repeal its attendance laws?
Ellis said that the Colorado Department of Education isn't "going to lead
the charge to repeal the laws, but we're not going to put any energy into
preserving them, either."
But you can count on teachers unions to put up a fight.  "Even though you
could probably find lots of frustrated teachers (who would like to see the
attendance laws repealed), organizationally we wouldn't support that," the
Colorado Education Association's Beyer said.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-30 03:06:16
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: OpenBSD vs FreeBSD 
Resent-Date: Tue, 29 Dec 1998 11:43:47 -0500
Resent-From: 0xdeadbeef
Resent-Sender: 0xdeadbeef-request
Forwarded-by: Nev Dull Forwarded-by: Satya Palani Use a toaster oven.  Toaster ovens have excellent network security
characteristics.  For example, they are not susceptible to any IMAP-based
buffer overflow attacks; additionally, current toaster ovens are not known
to have any bugs in their TCP/IP stacks, nor have been vulnerable to any
in the recent past (according to CERT advisories, anyway).  Toaster ovens
require console access to perform administrative functions (such as
modification of temperature settings), but this will not impede deployment
in a number of environment.
Toaster ovens may be vulnerable to a remote denial of service attack
involving manipulation of power lines -- however, most operating systems
running on standard hardware are also vulnerable to this attack.
I have found that my toaster oven has served me well for a number of
years, and produces excellent grilled cheese sandwiches, which is far
better than my pentium running FreeBSD, largely because the cooling fan
on the pentium does too good a job.  Go figure.  Maybe if I get a pentium
pro?  Neither my FreeBSD box nor my toaster oven has suffered from a
security problem in a while.
  Robert N Watson
robert              PGP key fingerprint: 03 01 DD 8E 15 67 48 73  25 6D 10 FC EC 68 C1 1C
Carnegie Mellon University            TIS Labs at Network Associates, Inc.  SafePort Network Services             A friend of mine points out that toaster ovens are susceptible to a buffer
overflow involving pieces of bread exceeding the safe bread limit in the
oven, which can result in a fire, or at the very least, a lot of burnt
bread.  As such, I am no longer planning to deploy toaster ovens as web
servers on our network.
Apologies for any misleading details concerning the reliability of toaster
ovens in hostile environments -- I hope no one has made purchasing
decisions based on this misinformation!
  Robert N Watson
robert              PGP key fingerprint: 03 01 DD 8E 15 67 48 73  25 6D 10 FC EC 68 C1 1C
Carnegie Mellon University            TIS Labs at Network Associates, Inc.  SafePort Network Services             --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-30 08:53:32
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: CLT&G Update: 29 Dec 98 
"MassGOP Listserv" Sender: owner-general
             Citizens for Limited Taxation & Government
                 PO Box 408 * Peabody, MA 01960
           Phone: (508) 384-0100 * E-Mail: cltg
               Visit our website at:    ---
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-30 10:42:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Hoppe on Defense 
Sender: miseslist-owner
Status: U
We are pleased to announce another paper in our Essays in Political
Economy series:
"The Private Production of Defense" by Hans-Hermann Hoppe (Professor of
Economics, University of Nevada, Las Vegas; Senior Fellow, the Ludwig von
Mises Institute).
"Among the most popular and consequential beliefs of our age is the belief
in collective security. Nothing less significant than the legitimacy of the
modern state rests on this belief. And yet, the idea of a collective
security is a myth that provides no justification for the modern state.
Private-property owners, cooperation based on the division of labor, and
market competition can and should provide defense from aggression."
This powerful and radical essay can be purchased here
or by calling 334-844-2500.
The price is $4.00 postpaid (no postage charges will appear on your credit
card, regardless of what your shopping basket says).
* * * * *
A special 4-page, supplemental Austrian Economics Newsletter has been
published this quarter. It features an interview with Roberta Modugno of the
Center for the Methodology of the Social Sciences at the Libera Universita
Internazionale degli Studi Sociali in Rome, Italy. She discusses her new
book, Murray N. Rothbard e il libertarismo amerciano (Robbettino Ediotre,
Soveria Mannelli, 1998).
Students and faculty have been mailed a copy of this special AEN. If you are
not on the list to receive one, email susan with your address.
Subscriptions to the AEN are $16 a year.
Something to look forward to for Spring 1999: An interview With Richard
Vedder (Ohio University)
* * * * *
The new Mises Review features David Gordon reviewing books by Allen Oakley
on Austrian economics; Francis Beckwith and Gregory Koukl on relativism;
Richard John Neuhaus et al. on judicial tyranny; Zbegniew Brzezinksi on
American foreign policy; Jim Sleeper on liberal racism; Michael Levin on
race; and Ronald Dworkin on affirmative action.
Individual copies are $5. Subscriptions are $16 per year. Back issues are
available on Mises.org.
Subscribe: * * * * *
As we approach the new year, we wish you a happy one, and hope you enjoy
Clifford F. Thies's article on millennial hysteria and its historic
connection with socialist ideology.
In the next few days on Mises.org, we'll feature an article on the Euro and
coverage of the continuing debate between Robert Bork (taking the statist
position) and Michael Kinsley (taking the free-market position) on
Microsoft's future. It may seem like a strange turnabout, but even stranger
things have happened this month, in addition to the political turmoil in the
Belly of the Beast: the Mises Institute and the Village Voice agreed-that
the U.S. government should not be destroying people and property in Iraq.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-30 11:21:22
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Fwd: trigger locks on public weapons 
Vinnie Moscaritolo
Fingerprint: 3F903472C3AF622D5D918D9BD8B100090B3EF042
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-30 11:35:38
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Triple DES "standard"? 
Sender: owner-coderpunks
Rodney Thayer reported:
Josh Hill  responded variously:
Association-sponsored ANSI-accredited X.9 Committee's blessing of DES3 was
itself pretty interesting.
standardize 3DES as an ANSI standard, insisting that DES would surfice
until its successor was chosen.
crypto subcommittees -- rejected that advice and initially recommended that
3DES be made a standard, I was told that the NSA rep angrily declared that
3DES would _never_ get an export license and would never be shipped
overseas. (Which may have put a damper on the 3DES standardization
the media's attention. Anyone on the list active in X9 and can give us the
real story?
Agency has its own representative on the X9 Committee.  As one might
expect, the NSA has traditionally had significant influence over the ANSI
"F" (crypto) subcommittees and cryptographic standards in financial
services. There was a time when Ft. Meade effectively dictated those
standards. Now, that is not necessarily so....
industry to switch from DES to CCEP/Clipper in the late 80s, the Agency's
mesmerizing control broken. The initial intro of CCEP/Clipper -- at an ABA
meeting -- proposed that only US owned institutions could have access to
Clipper.  At the time, as I recall, maybe 10-15 percent of the US banks
were foreign owned;-) The bankers couldn't believe that these idiots --
obviously so ignorant about the workings of the industry they were trying
to defacto regulate -- were from the NSA of Legend and Lore.)
the single most important factor in the collapse of the government's Cipper
      Vin McLellan + The Privacy Guild +   53 Nichols St., Chelsea, MA 02150 USA <617> 884-5548
                         -- < --
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-31 00:35:03
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Triple DES "standard"? 
Reply-To:  ,
        "Robert Hettinga" Sender: List-Subscribe: I was at the meeting.  This was a meeting of (I think) X9F3, which is a
group in X9F, which has several working groups doing security.  3DES was
being pushed really hard by the Fed.  The vote was to get a sense of how
much interest there was in a 3DES standard.  (There is no requirement to
have such a vote to work on something; the X9 rules require a new work item
ballot sent to all X9 members.) The NO votes were, IIRC, from NSA (with the
above quote, more or less), IRS, and IRE (a commercial outfit located in
Baltimore).  NIST abstained.  I don't recall the official X9 vote, but it
was along
the same lines.  The work was done in a different working group, X9F1,
by the legendary Blake Greenlee.  The standard was published a few months
ago.  Again, the Fed pushed really hard on this; kudos to them.
I'm sure Cindy Fuller of the X9 Secretariat (cfuller would have
official X9 ballot results if anyone is interested...
I didn't start attending meetings till the early '90's, but I can certainly
testify that Clipper/Fortezza were pushed really hard.  In fact, X9F1 may
still have open work items on some of this stuff (no work going on, but
it needs a formal vote to remove it from the list).  My major objection was
the attempt to standardize on a particular *product*, which used classified
algorithms, vs. standardizing on a public algorithm which could be
in H/W or S/W.  So X9 ended up with:  3DES instead of Skipjack; DSA and
RSA (and ECDSA real soon now) for signatures; and DH, RSA, and EC (real
soon now) for key management.  It's interesting that our DH standard seems
to have reinvented much of the interesting stuff in KEA.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-31 23:31:47
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB Call for Speakers 
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
The Program Committee of the Digital Commerce Society invites any member of
the dcsb mailing lists to submit their proposal for a luncheon talk to the
Speakers can be any *principal* in any field of digital commerce. That means
anyone who is doing interesting research or development in, or who is making
significant market innovation in, the technology, finance, economics, law,
or policy of commerce on the global public internetwork.
The Committee tends to consider the person giving the talk first, and then
gives the speaker lots of discretion in the content of their talk -- as long
as it pertains to DCSB's charter to promote innovation in internet commerce.
The Society's meetings are held on the first Tuesday of the month at the
Downtown Branch of the Harvard Club of Boston, One Federal Street,
Thirty-Eighth Floor, in Boston, from 12 to 2 in the afternoon.
Unfortunately, the Society can not remunerate a speaker for any fees or
expenses other than, obviously, the speaker's lunch, and basic overhead
projection equipment. There is dial-up internet access for the meeting room.
If you, or anyone you know, are interested in speaking to the society,
please send, via email, a proposal, consisting of a single paragraph on the
speaker, and a single paragraph on the proposed talk, to Robert Hettinga
, the chairman of the DCSB Program Committee,
and the Society's Moderator.
A list of previous speakers can be obtained with the following URL
, or, if your
mailreader/browser doesn't support mailtos,
info dcsb
in the *body* of a message to majordomo .
Thank you for considering DCSB in your speaking plans, and, if you have any
questions on your submission, please contact me directly.
Robert A. Hettinga
Moderator and Program Committee Chair,
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1999-01-01 08:36:40
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Northpole Standoff 
Dec. 23, 1994
Northpole Standoff
A fierce battle ended in a stand-off today as a multi-jurisdictional task
force of federal law enforcement agents tried to arrest the leader of a
militant doomsday cult, who call themselves "Elves," living in a heavily
fortified compound at the Northpole. According to witnesses, federal agents
hid in livestock trailers as they drove up to the compound.
The approach was difficult in the snow using wheeled vehicles. Several
agents were reportedly thrown from the trailer when it hit a snowbank. The
agents were unable to use dog teams and sleds because the ATF agents shot
all the dogs during training at a nearby recreational facility where agents
had practiced for weeks on a mock-up of the compound in preparation for the
As three National Guard helicopters approached, over 100 law officers
stormed the main compound, a heavily fortified gingerbread structure,
throwing concussion grenades and screaming "Come out!" Cult members and law
officers negotiated a cease-fire about 45 minutes after the incident began.
For the next several hours, ambulances and helicopters swarmed the
premises. The area was cordoned off and ATF agents with machine guns were
posted in the roadways to keep reporters at least two miles from the main
battle area.
In a lengthy report on the group Saturday, The Northpole Tribune-Herald
said that the cult was known to have a large arsenal of high-powered
weapons, probably produced in a workshop disguised as a "toy factory." This
toy factory is also believed to be the sight of a mephamphetamine
laboratory, according to sources inside the ATF.
The article quoted investigators as saying the crazed cult leader, who uses
several aliases, "Santa Claus," "Saint Nick," "Sinterclaas," and "Saint
Nicholas," age unknown, has abused children and claims to have at least 15
wives. Santa Claus denies these accusations of abuse and said he has had
only one wife, Mrs.
Santa Claus.
Authorities had a warrant to search the Northpole compound for guns and
explosive devices and an arrest warrant for its leader, Santa Claus, said
Mess Stanford of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms in Washington,
D.C. Mr. Stanford added it would be useless to attempt to get a copy of
this warrant, however, because it had been sealed, "for national security
The assault came one day after the Northpole Tribune-Herald began
publishing a series on the cult, quoting former members as saying the
deranged cult leader, Santa Claus, abused children and had at least 15
ATF spokesman Jack Killchildren in Washington said the assault had been
planned for several weeks, although he added, "I think the newspaper's
investigation set up heightened tension."
The cult's fortress, called "The Toy Factory," is dominated by a tower with
lookout windows facing in all directions. Guards reportedly patrol the
77-acre grounds at night.
Attorney General Janet Reno ordered the raid after cult members refused to
surrender documents relating to national security. A source inside the
Justice Department said that the documents were lists of cabinet members
and highly placed government officials who were naughty or nice. Despite
preliminary, secret negotiations to obtain the list, the Elves refused to
surrender the document to the Justice Department.
The raid was scheduled for December 23, because December 25 is believed to
be a traditional cult holiday and all the militant elves would be engaged
in cult rituals in preparation for the event.
At a press conference this afternoon, Attorney General Reno said, "These
militants abuse children in the most vile manner, by teaching them to
expect charity. They have even distributed free, working replicas of
'assault weapons' and 'handguns.' It is a matter of dire importance to our
future and the future of all our children, that this peril be ended by
every means at our disposal."
She went on to say that "I do not want to surround the compound and shoot
everyone and then burn it to the ground in order to prevent this child
abuse from occurring again, but that appears to be our only alternative."
According to Reno, the "Toy Factory" itself is a sweatshop and conditions
inside were horrendous. The Department of Justice is also looking into
allegations of animal cruelty. Former members of the cult have claimed that
Santa Claus frequently uses leather restraints on at least eight reindeer,
housed in sordid conditions on the compound. Witnesses reported seeing a
reindeer with a protruding red nose, which Janet Reno said was further
indication of the abusive conditions inside the compound.
Several of the elves were reported by the BATF to have been carrying
automatic weapons. However, independent sources dispute this, claiming that
the "automatic weapons" were nothing more than large candy canes.
ATF leader Ted Oyster, shaken after the ordeal, spoke to reporters as
hundreds of agents, many of them in tears, were taken away from the
Northpole in military airlifts, ambulances, and private vehicles.
"We had our plan down, we had our diversion down, and they were waiting..."
Oyster said resignedly, shaking his head.
A hospital spokesman said that most of the wounded ATF agents appeared to
be suffering from shrapnel wounds from broken candy canes, as well as
frostbite, apparently suffered from wearing forest-green camouflage in the
wintry terrain.
Attorney General Reno offered no comment on these reports.
Mack "the knife" McWarty was seen strolling across the White House lawn,
chuckling to himself as he read what inside sources say was a copy of the
naughty/nice list.
One highly placed government official was found dead in Marcy Park. His
name and the cause of death are unknown at this time, however, the White
House immediately issued a statement claiming the official had committed
suicide after learning his name was not on the nice list.
Patsy Thomahawk refused to comment on the advice of her attorney on whether
she had any part in removing copies of the naughty/nice list from a safe in
the White House.
A spokesman from the MJTF said that it was indeed a tragedy that Santa
Claus had caused this confrontation, but this should be a lesson to anyone
who tries to give to everyone without permission from the welfare
department, and that gathering sensitive data without a permit from
official sources will be stopped by any means.
FBI spokesman Bob Pricks, the former national Abortion Poster Child of
1944, relayed that "We are dealing with a madman. We have cut off all
electricity, water, and communications to the compound.
Santa Claus has demanded that we relay a message to the world. It reads,
'Merry Christmas to all and to all a good night.' FBI psychological experts
are presently analyzing the message, however, preliminary reports indicate
this is an encrypted threat to invade the neighboring towns near the
Northpole. It may also be a doomsday message that the cult intends to
commit suicide, like Jonestown."
Shortly after the raid, a smiling Reno was seen strolling through the pile
of rubbish looking for anatomically correct Barbie dolls. She claimed that
she was going to confiscate any that she found as "evidence" and that they
were for a personal investigation that she was conducting.
Attorney General Reno also disclosed some information about plans to raid
Mr. E. Ster Bunny sometime next spring. According to the FBI's report on
Mr. Bunny, he has been hoarding food all year. This is in direct violation
of a secret Presidential Directive. "This ingratitude for everything that
we have done will stop, even if it means raiding every house in the USA to
enforce these new laws that were made to insure your freedom...." Reno
This, boys and girls, should make us all sleep just a little bit better
tonight. The government will protect us from overindulging in freedom. If
they didn't step in and take control of that "naughty/nice" list, just
think what shape we might be in.....
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1999-01-01 11:56:56
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: RE: Norway - go to jail for naming baby illegal [CNN] 
Icelandic last names, and old Norse last names in general, change,
algorithimically, every generation.
Your "last" name, if male, is your father's first name with "son" after it.
If you're female it's your mother's first name, with, I believe "dottir"
(daughter) after it.
So, if your parents are Eric (say :-)), and, um, Helga, and you're male and
your name is Lief, your name would be (oddly enough) Lief Ericsson.
If you're female, and your name is, oh, Greta, (I don't know many female Norse
names, and that's probably not one, Miss Garbo to the contrary) then your name
would be Greta Helgasdottir, or something like that.
Icelanders on the list will correct the specifics, of course. The price of
error is bandwidth, and all that, but you get the idea.
So, no matter who your are, if you're to become an Icelandic citizen, your
last name changes.
Mine, since my family's Fresian, would change from "Hettinga" ("guy who lives
on a hill", which almost everyone did, or they lived in a swamp :-)), to
"Ralphson", which, fortunately, is almost passable Icelandic. Actually,
Frisians, the bad guys in Beowulf, could almost pass for Norse in general, as
anyone who's met me might testify.
Think of it as an anonymous renamer?
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-07 11:18:39
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: DCSB: Ira Heffan and Mike Schmelzer; "Software Patents" and Digital Commerce 
Content-Length: 6083
Lines: 153
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: rah
        Roland Mueller ,
        "Jonathan J. Rusch" Sender: bounce-dcsb
Precedence: bulk
Reply-To: Robert Hettinga -----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
          The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
                       Presents
              Ira Heffan and Mike Schmelzer
             Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP
         "Software Patents" and Digital Commerce
                Tuesday, January 5th, 1999
                       12 - 2 PM
             The Downtown Harvard Club of Boston
               One Federal Street, Boston, MA
Although the very idea of patenting software seems to be an anathema to much
of the programming community, patents on software continue to stream out of
the U.S. Patent Office.  Everyone involved in digital commerce applications,
which are by definition software-based, probably has heard about recent
events:  The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit decided "State Street
Bank & Trust Co. v. Signature Financial Group," which explicitly ratified
patenting methods of doing business, and a spate of well-publicized patents
have issued claiming to cover such concepts as the virtual shopping cart and
the reverse auction.  As a prerequisite to discussing these recent
developments, the first part of our talk will provide an introduction to
patents.  We will explain what patents are and what they are not, and
describe the business goals that a patent can serve.  Then we will talk
about current events, and attempt to  put the _State Street_ case in
context.  We will present a survey of recently-issued patents (suggestions
welcome) related to digital commerce, and conclude with some speculation
about current trends, including a novel form of software patent with
potentially huge implications.
Ira Heffan (heffan and Mike Schmelzer (schmelze are patent
attorneys at Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP (  We will
be presenting our own personal views on this topic, and not the views of
Testa, Hurwitz & Thibeault, LLP or its clients.
This meeting of the Digital Commerce Society of Boston will be held on
Tuesday, January 5, 1999, from 12pm - 2pm at the Downtown Branch of
the Harvard Club of Boston, on One Federal Street. The price for lunch
is $32.50. This price includes lunch, room rental, various A/V hardware,
and the speakers' lunch.  The Harvard Club *does* have dress code:
jackets and ties for men (and no sneakers or jeans), and "appropriate
business attire" (whatever that means), for women.  Fair warning: since
we purchase these luncheons in advance, we will be unable to refund the
price of your lunch if the Club finds you in violation of the dress
We need to receive a company check, or money order, (or, if we
*really* know you, a personal check) payable to "The Harvard Club of
Boston", by Saturday, January 2nd, or you won't be on the list for
lunch.  Checks payable to anyone else but The Harvard Club of Boston
will have to be sent back.
Checks should be sent to Robert Hettinga, 44 Farquhar Street, Boston,
Massachusetts, 02131. Again, they *must* be made payable to "The
Harvard Club of Boston", in the amount of $32.50. Please include your
e-mail address, so that we can send you a confirmation
If anyone has questions, or has a problem with these arrangements
(We've had to work with glacial A/P departments more than once, for
instance), please let us know via e-mail, and we'll see if we can work
something out.
Upcoming speakers for DCSB are:
February   Roland Mueller   European Privacy Directive
March      Jonathan Rusch   Internet Fraud
We are actively searching for future speakers.  If you are in Boston
on the first Tuesday of the month, and you would like to make a
presentation to the Society, please send e-mail to the DCSB Program
Commmittee, care of Robert Hettinga, .
For more information about the Digital Commerce Society of Boston,
send "info dcsb" in the body of a message to  . If you want to subscribe to the DCSB e-mail
list, send "subscribe dcsb" in the body of a message to  .
We look forward to seeing you there!
Robert Hettinga
The Digital Commerce Society of Boston
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-07 19:06:30
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: FWD: Read this. Now. And *act* on it. (was re: Building cryptoarchives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls) 
Content-Length: 3495
Lines: 82
It's time, folks.
They can't win if we do anything at all, but they *will* win if we do nothing.
Robert Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Authentication-Warning: toad.com: Host localhost [127.0.0.1] didn't use
HELO protocol
Sender: owner-cryptography
The US Wassenaar initiative is an attempt to deny the public not only
all future strong crypto developments, but all existing ones.  As
today's message from Denmark makes clear, the freedom-hating
bureaucrats are threatening to prosecute a citizen merely for
publishing PGP on his web page.
Let's at least ensure that they don't eliminate *today's* strong
crypto, by replicating crypto archives behind each Berlin Wall they
threaten to erect.  Today we depend on a small number of archives (in
a small number of countries) containing source and binaries for PGP,
SSH, Kerberos, cryptoMozilla, IPSEC, and many other useful crypto
tools that we use daily.
Let's replicate these archives in many countries.  I call for
volunteers in each country, at each university or crypto-aware
organization, to download crypto tools while they can still be
exported from where they are, and then to offer them for export from
your own site and your own country as long as it's legal.  (The
Wassenaar agreement is not a law; each country has merely agreed to
try to change its own laws, but that process has not yet started.)
And if at some future moment your own government makes it illegal for
you to publish these tools, after all your appeals are denied, all the
pro-bono court cases rejected, and all the newspaper coverage you can
get has been printed, then restrict your web site so that only your
own citizens can get the tools.  That'll still be better than the
citizens of your country having NO access to the tools of privacy!
(I suggest putting these tools on a Web site on a machine that you
own, rather than on a web site where you buy space from someone else.
That way there'll be nobody for the freedom-squashers to threaten
except you.)
I'm sure that John Young's excellent  site will be happy
to provide an index of crypto archives around the world, if people
will send him notices at jya as your sites come up.
(Each archive should locally mirror this list, so that we won't depend
on a single site.)
Rather than having their desired effect of squelching crypto
distribution, perhaps their overbold move can inspire us to increase
strong crypto distribution tenfold, by making it clear to the public
that if you don't keep a copy on your own hard drive, the governments
of the world will be merciless in scheming to deny you access to it.
And if crypto developers have to publish on books, or rely on
smugglers to get crypto from country to country, then at least each
country will have its distribution arrangements already ready for when
the book is scanned or the smuggler arrives.
--- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-08 06:48:55
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin  Walls (fwd) 
Content-Length: 1390
Lines: 50
Last spam on this subject. The rest is up to you.
Robert Hettinga
--- begin forwarded text
X-Sender: jya
X-Mailing-List: cypherpunks
X-Loop: ssz.com
X-Language: English, Russian, German
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: first-class
Reply-To: John Young X-Loop: cypherpunks
In response to John Gilmore's call for a foil to US-Wassenaar
restrictions acoming, we've put up a preliminary list of international
cryptography sources for mirroring:
   This is a quick starter-kit and is far from comprehensive.
Contributions welcome.
Ken Williams offers an impressive (177MB) crypto/stego archive:
  --- end forwarded text
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'

@_date: 1998-12-10 12:13:37
@_author: Robert Hettinga 
@_subject: Re: Global Strike to protest Wassenaar 
Content-Length: 1090
Lines: 36
Now, *this* is interesting...
Anyone actually contemplating doing this?
I mean, we could *all* stand to do a little extra (meatspace) Christmas
shopping on Monday, right?
(Then, I guess, we could all do our cypherspace Christmas shopping on
*Tuesday*, just to drive the point home, stick-and-carrot-wise...)
Robert Hettinga
Robert A. Hettinga Philodox Financial Technology Evangelism 44 Farquhar Street, Boston, MA 02131 USA
"... however it may deserve respect for its usefulness and antiquity,
[predicting the end of the world] has not been found agreeable to
experience." -- Edward Gibbon, 'Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire'
