
@_date: 1993-06-06 16:33:14
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: ROT-13 hoopla on EchoMac 
I seriously hope that this won't be way too off topic for this group,
but I seem to have painted myself into a bit of a corner recently on
Basically, it all started when someone requested a copy of a ROT-13
extension to a popular Macintosh programmer's editor called BBEdit.
Soon after, the discussion was joined by the fatheaded sysops who
would bible thump on the FidoNet rules that ROT-13 was encryption and
as such it is outlawed on FidoNet.  To make a long story shorter, in
my plight to enlighten these folks (and the moderator of EchoMac who
saw fit to banish me for posting a message encrypted with ROT-13,)
I got a bit out of hand and started the usual on the soap-box preeching
which included a message inviting everyone to join in the conversation
by getting the ROT-13 extension.  The rest of that message was
"encrypted" by ROT-13.
Now since ROT-13 is merely nothing more than A=N, B=M, C=O, D=P...
and is fairly standard, I've got it on my head to convince the moderator
that ROT-13 is not actually an encryption method.
The FidoNet policies state that Fidonet cannot provide any sort of
privacy as a measure to protect sysops from taking the heat for the
possible illegal activities of users.  Clearly, ROT-13 does not
provide the least bit of privacy, save from a total computer neophyte.
So, the reason I'm writing this here was basically "to go to the
experts of encryption," and try to get them to agree with me that
ROT-13 has never been a form of encryption because its purpose does
not provide privacy.  So I'm just asking you to agree with me, and
I'll send the results to the moderator in question.
If you'd like, mail me the responses directly so we won't clutter
cypherpunks further, and I'll forward them myself.  If you'd like, the moderator's address on FidoNet is
 Steve Ebener (this should be reachable via
Steve.Ebner  Please don't flame him, I'm
trying to unbanish myself off the echo, not get him upset, however
the thought of writing a program that sends a cookie to him every
twenty minutes did occur, at least until I thought better of it.

@_date: 1993-08-13 07:52:58
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Beepers can also be used to track you down! 
While you're at it, don't forget to mention that beepers have a "ping" option
in them.  If you were a crook on the run, and you were stupid enough to not
have ditched your beeper you can easily be tracked down.
The beeper ping command can be used (supposedly) to track down stolen or lost
beepers.  The Ping itself also disables the beeper from that point on.
Basically, they'd send pings to your beeper throughout the city they expected
you in, then they'd find out which cell you were in.  After that, they can
use a small radar-like gun to actually find your beeper, also by pings.
There's probably a way to disable the transmitter in the beeper, but I
wouldn't want to mess with a device that tiny.
Right now, this is all fine and great, but what would happen when your company
pays for the beeper and decides to track you down and see if you actually did
have your beeper off when you said it was off so you wouldn't be bothered
at home???  I'd say that's a major privacy tresspass right there.
Of course there's always the "button" technology which basically tracks
down employees....

@_date: 1993-08-13 07:58:26
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Re: [uk.transport] Speed Camera with OCR 
There's a cure for this.  Get neon license plate lights instead.  This
will work at night at least.  Have you ever seen a car with them pass
you by?  It makes the license plate illuminated, but almost impossible
to see!  (Although, they might resort to IR cameras to take your
picture as well!)

@_date: 1993-08-14 20:41:52
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Re: Beepers can also be used to track you down! 
Okay guys, I called up my friend and this is what he had to say about it:
1.  The company he works for is for one thing involved in selling beepers and
beeper service.
2.  Beepers respond to something called a "CAP" code.  Each individual beeper
has a unique CAP code.  This code is what is used to transmit a beep to that
particular beeper (as well as the ping.)
3.  The FCC supposedly has information on how to track down beepers (without
the obvious way of placing a beep and seeing if they return the call.)
Obviously, someone that is higher up in the tech dept. of a beeper co.
might provide confirmation of this if the FCC does not (and would they
if such a feature did exist?)
4.   This "ping" signal is used to disable the beeper incase it gets stolen.
What's not too clear to me is whether there is one type of ping that responds
or two, with the second one that also disables the beeper incase of
loss of theft.
5.    Supposedly, the ping is a broad band signal that has 1/4 mile acuracy
per cell, then after that a tracking gun of some sort can be used, which
looks pretty much like a radar speed gun, but has a shoulder strap or something.
Again, this description isn't mine, and I'm not familiar with any of these,
so any questions you have will take a few answers to clear up.  Also, this
could just be a case of bad info.  My friend is fairly trustworthy in his
info in general, however, it is also possible that he got faulty info
from someone else in the company.
I won't metion his name or his company for obvious reasons, but will
forward questions.
However, I did notice one message from an individual who mentioned that
in Britain, some sort of scanners were used to track down unlicensed TV's
and that his buddies used to keep their beepers in Faraday cages.  Since
I stored this message on a machine which seems to be down, I don't have
his name or quotes yet, however this was posted a few days ago (forgive me for not remembering your name.)  Also, (again this too
is unconfirmed) another friend of mine who is slightly familiar with
electronics and who wanted to become a piolot mentioned that AM receivers
can cause troubles in airplane sensors.  (Again, I'm not confusing this
with laptops or CD players, etc, but specifically AM receivers.  This too
is unconfirmed, so take it with or without several grains of salt.) :-)

@_date: 1993-09-18 11:50:31
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Re: Does this seem illegal to you? 
Actually you don't have to give the exact phone number.  In most dense areas
the phone number prefix should be enough to get you in the proximity of
where you want to go.  Then when you get there, find a pay phone call up
the person you want to reach and ask for directions from your current
Of course, it becomes an invasion of privacy if you use the guy's real
number and he hasn't invited you!

@_date: 1993-09-26 14:46:03
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Re: saturation tactics? 
HEy, there was a recent 20/20 story on something like this.  Basically
the inmates in a lot of jails were swamping the legal system with bogus
lawsuits.  Some included were: the right to sacrifice animals due to religion,
the right to get to watch TV, and have a roast duck dinner every night also
due to religion.  Some were even more on the far side.  One guy sued the
jail for now allowing him to run a drug trafficking business out of his cell.
All of these get thrown out, but the cost to the legal system is a few thousand
per case!  This stuff can be >VERY< effective.
Mind you these guys didn't always do whatever they were granted a right to,
they were just badgering the hell out of the legal systems in their states.

@_date: 1993-10-09 18:10:59
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Cause 
Yes, I believe there is a cause: the freedom to use crypto tools to protect
our conversations with others, be they text, voice, video, or even our conversations between our terminals/machines with other machines, and most
importantly our conversations with data storage devices.  Ie: an encrypted
diary, database, an encrypted method of distributing licensed software (a la
the Aldus On Call font CD, or whatever company it came from, etc.)
The method to have this cause succede is partially to have the good folks of
the land realize that "Honest folk don't have anything to hide" is in a great
conflict with "Locks and gates keep people honest."  If honest people don't
have anything to hide or protect, they may as well open all their doors and
windows, and put it "Rob me" signs on their lawns.
I by all means feel that the government should be able to do its job, and
especially the law enforcement branches, >WITHOUT< violating any of a person's
rights by snooping through their files.  Cries about child porno and other
assorted crap (drug dealers included) are just the price we have to pay to
have privacy.  As cypherpunks (and you guys know I've not really participated
in too much other than just throwing in my two cents here and there) we know
that outlawing crypto won't make it vanish.  Rather it will only put it in
the hands of the criminals and prevent everyone else from having it.  Hell
I can forsee making a lot of money if crypto is illegal by simply selling
copies of PGP and other packages for thousands to drug dealers.
It's not exactly a too far fetched idea.  The bigger issue is that the gubment
flunkies are also aware of this.  They're just using it as an excuse to be able
to spy on the public.  Hell I remember one of my professors (Computer Ethics)
stating that at one point Uncle Sam appointed a brain tank to see if it were
possible to spy on the private individuals at will whenever they wished.
The unsurprising answer to this is that the system is already in place.
Credit card info, anything passing through the post office, anything leaving
your house via the garbage route, telephones, etc. can be used.  Most of it
is easy to get without direct spying.  Any creditor will tell you "yes." So
is it any surprise to possibly imagine Uncle Sam having the ability to use
these readily availabe channels of information?
Now I'm not saying the government is corrut.  I don't need to.  It has done
a good job at that all by itself, and hell, it's the business of politics to
have a fringe of impurity, if not a downright streak straight through its
core.  The most accepted form of this is "No new taxes" spewed by the very
people who later raise taxes.
Is it surprising to understand that one of the principal reasons that the
thirteen colonies rebelled and broke off from mother England was taxes?  Of course no one in his right mind would think of revolt.  There's no need to.
Just vote.  But the trouble is once they're in office, there's nothing to
make sure they make good on their promisses.  It would be great to have
a bi-monthly way of electing them out of office if they're not performing,
or living up to their promises.
Hey being stuck for even a year with a person who has claimed to do everything
under the sun for you is the same as buying a sugar coated drug, only to find
that it not only doesn't heal what it said it would, but causes cancer, brain damage, and other unmentioned side effects.
Perhaps it is time we create something like the FDA for politicians?  Label
them as containing the intent to do as they say?  And put some teeth into
being able to sue them if they don't deliver.  Perhaps even making a rule that
any elected offical is bound by his word as if it were a signed contract?
Gee, is there a single senator or house representative out there that would
vote for such a bill?
But hey, if there was, it would be easy to remove those who want abortion
to be illegal, or strong crypto, etc.

@_date: 1993-11-02 21:42:17
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Re: Style Analysis 
Yes, however, this isn't too feasable.  There's a great quote somewhere in
Don Lancaster's Secret Money Machine II that goes along the lines of a
bit of text being translated to Russian and back which illustrates just how
(in)effective these things can be:
IN: The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
OUT:The vodka was great, but the mean is rotten.

@_date: 1993-11-08 13:08:47
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Re: Tapping modem transmissions 
Actually, there's another way if you can tap into the RS-232 pipeline
itself.  I've seen a box in a catalog that offers a three way RS-232
split.  What I would do with it is to actually build something like that
myself and take the send/receive lines and hook them up to another machine
to capture the transfer of info between them.  I could then capture any
data coming through the lines.
Uses for this: if you suspect someone is breaking into your machine
or some other machine via a dial up line and want to capture some
proof of it.  (Cliff Stoll did this with a printer.)
You can't actually tap into the phone line with this of course.. :-) But
there are better things to do.  For one, you can buy a portable DAT
walkman and a large capacity DAT tape, and dump everything to the tape,
then have your modem decode the conversation, but you have to filter out
one side or the other.  While this may be hard for Joe Hacker, it wouldn't
be hard for Joe Rockwell who works in a modem factory and can build a special
box based on the Rockwell (or other) chipset to spy on the modem conversation.
A long long time ago, when a friend of mine was running a BBS (at 300bps)
and his machine was down, he put a 300bps recording of his modem writing
"Sorry the BBS is down" on an answering machine.  The timing was a bit
screwey, but the message got through most of the time. :-)

@_date: 1993-11-08 13:08:23
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: If you've seen any of my posts 
Guys, I'd like to ask you if you've seen any of my posts since Thursday
night.  If you have, they weren't from me, as I've been unable to log in
to my account since then.  Please forward them to me in email.
One of two things has happened.  a) I goofed and changed my password to
something I forgot, or b) someone got into my account somehow.  b) may
be possible since I found the data on one of my directories has changed
and I'm not sure if it's just the system`s time that`s wrong...
Anyhow, I've had the sysadmin set me a new password so here I am again.

@_date: 1993-12-22 14:05:37
@_author: A1 ray arachelian (library 
@_subject: Re: Kid Scan (tm) 
Sounds like "Fortress" if you've seen it.  I'm sure there's a market for
doctors who will remove such a chip... :-)
