
@_date: 1998-01-11 12:04:28
@_author: "Raymond D. Mereniuk" 
@_subject: Re: In God We Antitrust, from the Netly News 
performance pieces.  The main problem with the Cyrix/IBM is very poor math coprocessor performance.  The average user may never notice the difference but the tests and real life use of Quake show that the Cyrix/IBM is not of the same standard as the Pentium.
I have a Intel 166MMX labelled processor running just fine at 225 Mhz (75 Mhz X 3).  You can't do the same thing with Cyrix/IBM processors, maybe you can over-clock them one step.  I am a keen fan of competition in the marketplace and I have two Cyrix/IBM processors in the systems in my home.  I have not tried the AMD Pentium class processors but I intend to buy one in the near future just to play around with it.  In the past AMD was the king of over-clocking and did things with the 486 chip that Intel could not, or chose not to.  I hope AMD again gains that distinction with their Pentium class processors.  Maybe Tim May has the real inside scoop on the AMD K6 processors.  Certain segments of the market are commiting resources to the AMD K6 and you should see as many in the market as AMD can produce.  Tim May's comments on yield problems at AMD could be very true as resellers are having a problem acquiring  AMD K6s processors.  Raymond D. Mereniuk

@_date: 1998-09-09 16:08:48
@_author: "Raymond D. Mereniuk" 
@_subject: Re: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
William H. Geiger IIIwrote
Good point!  Ever wonder why a decreasing commodity non-
renewable resource is becoming cheaper as the known reserves become smaller?  Maybe they want to sell it all before it becomes obsolete and maximize their income from that resource.
Within the oil business I have heard this mentioned in regards to natural gas.
Raymond D. Mereniuk

@_date: 1998-09-09 22:35:49
@_author: "Raymond D. Mereniuk" 
@_subject: Re: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism (fwd) 
Petro  wrote
"William H. Geiger III"  wrote
As William stated most of the OPEC nations are economic "one trick ponies" whose leaders don't see the big picture and the benefits of a cartel where all members co-operate.  Israel was part of the justification for screwing the world for more money in the so called 70s oil crisis.  I would think that if the Arabs didn't have Israel to hate they would find some other group.
If you go back to the late 40s you will find many political deals done by the British which didn't make a lot of sense.  The British walking out of Burma and turning political control over to whoever the goofs are that ruined that country made no sense whatsoever.  The British turned political control of Malaysia over to the ethnic Malays where the Malays are not the original people of that region.  The Malays were immigrants much like most of the Chinese, they just got there 300 years earlier.  Falling oil prices probably hurt the USA and Soviet governments more than any possible benefit.  The Soviets export oil so they are hurting.  The US and most other western style democracies tax oil products based on its wholesale cost and retail selling pricing so they would see reduced revenues.
You can add possible large reserves in the Canadian Arctic.  The oil companies started to find it and they tried to think of a way to transport it.  The Canadian gov't vetoed all the transportation alternatives so the oil companies stopped exploration.
The middle east countries do have the oil reserves with the lowest cost of production.  Most reserves in North American are moderate to high cost of production.
Now if you want to be paranoid....   Before the 70s energy crisis we all drove big cars which had no problem doing the 65 MPH speed limit and back then we used to pass on two-lane highways.  The energy crisis came and we all accepted gutless foreign made small cars which consumed less energy and had a problem with the 55 MPH speed limit and passing was impossible on a two-lane highway even if we found a section which was not double-lined.  Now we have cheap oil.  Big powerful vehicles are back and we are not embarrassed to consume energy any more.  I have no idea where society is heading but I do like have a more powerful vehicle which capable of passing a vehicle already doing 65 MPH.
The whole Greens or tree-hugger thing is a bit hypocritical.  Ask them if they have electrical appliances in their home and the answer is always yes.  For a number of years the Greenpeace fundraisers  would show up at the door asking for money to battle the forest industry and the evil pulp mills which used chlorine in their bleaching process and they would have white paper in their clipboards.
Raymond D. Mereniuk

@_date: 1998-09-09 23:13:02
@_author: "Raymond D. Mereniuk" 
@_subject: Spot The Fed 
About a week ago I sent a message the list regarding Toto and how I found it hard to believe he was a country & western artist.  I mentioned a tribute to Toto and an URL pointing to a web page on a data security product at a web site which is total spoof.
The URL lead to a page touting a data security product called PUP, Pretty Useless Privacy.  I shamelessly plagiarized Toto's concept, and even some of sentences, from a post on Pretty Lousy Privacy.  I even managed to get most of the characteristics of Snake Oil in one sentence.  The graphics on the page is a Snake Charmer.
Now you figure the Feds will visit for sure, just try and spot them.  Resolve the IP addresses to a domain name might work but if they had a clue they would use dummy domains.
I would like to nominate the folks at IP address 204.249.179.54, or better yet the whole Class C as possible Feds.  The IP address does not resolve to a domain name, actually all the IP address in the Class C plus the 204.249.178 Class C.  I didn't bother to try any other neighbouring Class Cs.
I can understand a few IP addresses of isolated machines not resolving to a domain name but not the whole Class C.  You should also be able to see the default gateway's domain name.  Seems like this may be the site of some paranoid privacy loving folks.  If I have slandered any Cypherpunk and their company, who may be at least privacy loving, please accept my apologies in advance but please let me know if I made a mistake.

@_date: 1998-09-10 10:29:15
@_author: "Raymond D. Mereniuk" 
@_subject: Re: Spot The Fed 
"Kevin J. Stephenson"  wrote
Traceroute doesn't use DNS, it doesn't need to as it already has the IP numbers.  DNS is a system which provides IP numbers when you give it a domain name.  Reverse DNS provides a host name to an IP address but Traceroute doesn't use it.
Traceroute works at the router level.  Traceroute is like Ping but provides information on every hop including IP number and assigned device name.  With Traceroute if a host name is not received, when requested of course, it is because the equipment was not assigned a host name or it is deliberately suppressed.  I don't use Traceroute a lot but this is the first time I have seen host names suppressed.  A lot of routers have ICM suppressed and will not provide a device name.  If an end user site wants to provide better security they will turn off ICM packets.  At that point Traceroute doesn't work at all.
Raymond D. Mereniuk

@_date: 1998-09-10 11:35:00
@_author: "Raymond D. Mereniuk" 
@_subject: Re: oil, greens, recycling, and poly-ticks. 
Ray Arachelian  wrote
In the Vancouver BC area they are trying to raise the price and the new standard is CAN$0.549 per litre, or US$1.37 per US gallon.  Not difficult to find CAN$0.454/l or US$1.14/g.  For the last few weeks you could find CAN$0.399/l or US$1.00/g.  I often go to Blaine WA and the lowest available there is US$1.059.  Gas in Seattle WA is at least US$1.199.
Have you ever tried using this argument on a Vegetarian?  I have and they squirm in all directions attempting to rationalize their irrational position.  Basically some living things are more living than others.  Sort of reminds you of some politicians where it is obvious from their actions that some people are more equal than other Raymond D. Mereniuk

@_date: 1998-09-11 22:02:49
@_author: "Raymond D. Mereniuk" 
@_subject: Re: Clinton's fake apologies 
Michael Motyka knew of Clinton's relationship with "That Woman".  Now if Law Enforcement (LA) knows Clinton has skeletons in his closet they can go to him and tell him he must support lets just say a total ban on strong encryption.  Clinton is inbetween a rock and a hard place, he must go along with proposals from LA, whether he supports the proposals in principle or not.
We have seen some of Clinton's dirty laundry in a segment of his life that his attorney wife was not able to advise him.  Now do you think Clinton's general standard of morality was any different in his life before this scandal in areas where his attorney wife was able to pull the strings?  I personally doubt it. I see the whole OIC crusade against Clinton as an attempt to bring honesty to government.  Ken Starr is just playing the game by the rules set out be the Clintons.  If the game looks too rough who do you blame? Raymond D. Mereniuk
