
@_date: 1996-03-14 17:16:40
@_author: Raymond Mereniuk 
@_subject: Re:LACC: PC Phones Home? -Reply 
Jim Writes
...deleted text...
...deleted text...
You should visit their web site at  for more
information as they can do what they say they can.  A high level format does not change bad track assignments and neither
will fdisk so if you hide something in an assigned bad track
(cylinder or cluster or whatever it is called) nothing will see it. Now all you have to do is activiate the software in the bad track, I
don't know how that is done (trade secret??) but maybe someone has
figured out how to do it.
Calls to 1-800 numbers can not block caller-ID, call-blocking will
not stop the calling number from being passed to the appropriate
equipment setup at the receiving end. Maybe these people have developed the ultimate virus, you can't
detect it, you can't remove it, and you don't know it even exists.
I don't really know how well this software package works but your
comments had many errors.
Normally Lurking

@_date: 1996-10-19 23:26:56
@_author: Raymond Mereniuk 
@_subject: Mondex -Reply 
Timothy C. May must have been sharing needles with a rabid hedgehog.
To Anonymous
Just as a matter of interest, my own personal interest, what type of
society do you come from?  The insults are not the type normally
originating from a person of the American type culture as these
insults would mean nothing to the average American. I have been to
places where people give serious concern to such statements but I
doubt many people in those places read this list and I doubt anyone
on this list does anything but delete your messages.  But, please
give me a hint where you developed this classy style of insulting the
character of Mr T. C. May.
Normally Lurkin

@_date: 1996-11-17 01:07:51
@_author: Raymond Mereniuk 
@_subject: Re: [REBUTTAL] Censorship on cypherpunks?, from The Netly News-Reply 
You state that Mr. Gilmore censored someone but yet I still see that
someone's messages being propagated by `cypherpunks  If Mr
Gilmore was really trying to censor someone he sure did a bad job of
it and can be criticzed for that much as I still see mail from the
censored party.  Have you every lived, or been involved, in a society where
censorship, or local distortion, of facts was the norm??  Do you have
any idea how the powers that be discredit any voice in which they
don't like the message (or even the tone) and the lengths they go to
ensure the offical line is only one which is presented in a
reasonable form??  Have you ever been arrested and interrogated by
the local anti-corruption police because you made too much money and
dealt with a company where one particular person was known to accept
brides so therefore you must be corrupt??  So far no big deal, a
simple misunderstanding - but the anti-corruption police know how you
live your life and since you work long hours you must be cooking the
books.  There is censorship in this society but it is so not so blatant and
is probably more dependent on what the established media choses to
report or not report.  Mr. Gilmore only made it slightly more
difficult for one particular player, who was misbehaving badly, to be
heard but did not totally remove that player's ability to be heard.  If you are truly concerned about censorship you should be more
concerned about how the current administration's polices in regards
to cryptography will affect your future freedoms to communicate in a
manner in which is completely private and will subject you to no
government review of the subject matter discussed.

@_date: 1997-01-06 19:19:04
@_author: Raymond Mereniuk 
@_subject: Why This List Should Be Moderated 
The following message is a very good reason why this list should be
moderated.  I keep writing rules (filters) to catch and delete such
messages but the sender keeps changing something and I must write a
new rule.  The moderation proposal sounds great and I would like to
thank the moderators in advance for stopping messages like the
following from reaching my mailbox.
Also, could Mr. Haystack please advise the group of his current
medication(s), we don't want anyone to suffer the same side-effects.
Tim C. May's aberrant sexual life has negatively impacted his mental integrity.
       o)__
      (_  _`\ Tim C. May
       z/z\__)
