
@_date: 1996-12-20 14:11:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Dale defends free society from the NSApunks (was Re: Encryption ? 
Stop bashing Dale, you ADL/CFR/NSA thought police, you.

@_date: 1996-12-20 12:27:44
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Flying on planes without ID 
You beat me to it.
Anyone have the current black-letter regulations? I'll have some time
to kill over the holidays that might as well be used for civil disobedience. What's likely to happen to me if I refuse to show ID? Provide invalid ID, don't get caught, then publicize the fact? Provide invalid ID and get caught? Or, better:
"My wallet was stolen. The only ID I have on me is my ACLU membership card and my PGP key. Can I still get on the plane?"
I'm serious. Short domestic flight, no pressing appointments. This could be fun.
- -rich

@_date: 1996-12-21 00:48:41
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Solidarity with Peruvian Guerrilla! 
I said:
In case Aaron isn't the only one who was confused, the above is called sarcasm. No pun unintended. But for what it's worth, I've been told that the fun runs from 4:30 to 6 PM. The address is 870 Market St., near Powell, in S.F. Unfortunately, I'll probably be headed out of town by then, but say hello for me.
If you thought Dale was wacky, wait til you get a load of the

@_date: 1996-12-21 21:25:15
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
Of course there's a point! It's not based in fact, it's not honest, and it's not helpful, but there *is* a point. Call it "satire" or "straw man" depending on your general opinion of black people and "their"

@_date: 1996-12-21 22:01:25
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Ebonics 
No, folks, Tim doesn't generalize.
Name one "black leader" who has endorsed anything like the straw man you're talking about. What we have here are a couple of kooks in charge of a politicized school board in Oakland. The word "ebonics" appears exactly zero times in Stanford's library catalog and exactly zero times in the indices of peer-reviewed academic journals to which I have access, including some very "PC" ones. DejaNews had exactly one instance of the word "ebonics" before this September, when someone in Oakland started making a fuss. The recommendations of the Oakland school board, which bear no resemblance to the nonsense spouted here, are no more representative of even the most politicized elements of black studies departments than certain Bible Belt public schools are of "white

@_date: 1996-12-31 10:49:19
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: premail. 
[Anonymous's remailer key spoofing attack]
Unfortunately, in far too many cases, the answer has been "nobody."
This is something I've whined about before.

@_date: 1997-01-29 06:56:35
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Getting into MIT is impossible 
I'm not sure what this has to do with, well, anything, but here goes.
Scores from before April 1995 are not comparable to scores today because the method of scoring has changed to recenter the distribution. The 99th percentile starts at 1440 for women and 1490 for men. Full stats at
Please note that this is for "college-bound seniors." It's not a stat that applies to the general population (i.e., 1490+ is the top 1% of the elite 30% or so that go to college), and it doesn't include people who were satisfied with the score they got the beginning of their junior year, and didn't take it again (i.e., me).
I don't know about MIT, but I'd think that their numbers would be even higher than those for Stanford, because MIT doesn't recruit football players. Some of Stanford's numbers are at MIT and the like aren't impossible. Fucking elitist, yes. Worth it? Probably, though two of my closest and most intelligent friends have no college degrees at all. Of course, they had to earn people's respect, whereas I had people recruiting me based largely on the fact that I still had a pulse five years after taking the SAT. What counts is what people want you to do five years after that.

@_date: 1997-01-29 06:56:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: East German Collapse (Was: Fighting the cybercensor 
I think the timing was a coincidence. (And I'm told that Kristallnacht wasn't well advertised in East Germany; especially after the Soviets sided the United Arab Republic, the official story was that Hitler had been exterminating good Communists, not Jews.) While the final week was pretty spectacular, the demonstrations and defections had been building for months, as you say:
I wasn't there, but an East German friend of mine was 20 when the wall came down. He was doing his compulsory military service at the time. Even in early 1987, as he was being interviewed by the Stasi concerning the direction the state would allow him to take his life, he says he felt no real fear telling them, up front, "Sure, I'll carry a gun, and I'll go where you tell me to go, but I will not hurt anyone."
They gave him a gun and put him on the front, where he waved to his friends as they walked across the border.
I think a lot of the border guards were like Thomas.
Yeah, yeah. Economics has soomething to do with it. But I think it comes down to "Sure, I'll carry a gun, and I'll go where you tell me to go, but I will not hurt anyone." Ideas matter.

@_date: 1997-01-29 06:55:56
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: AltaVista sprouts a hole ... 
Yes, I mentioned that here and in comp.org.eff.talk a couple weeks ago.
No need to turn images off. Just tell AltaVista you want text-only:
 You may also find the text-only page a hell of a lot faster.

@_date: 1997-01-29 06:57:48
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Best Computer School? 
You must be joking. After all you've said about the school, you're recommending it? Isn't "Mr. L-18 Tag" the head of the department now?
Anyway, our correspondent is asking the wrong question. There is no "best" school. If you want to be a brilliant programmer, I think you have to be born that way. If you want theory, you need to be specific about your research interests. If you want mass-marketable experience in Windoze, avoid the big-name schools, which tend to treat Windows with the respect is deserves. (At Stanford, despite having a very nice Paul Allen Center for Integrated Systems and a posh new Bill Gates Information Sciences building, all instruction is done in Think C or

@_date: 1997-01-01 19:40:57
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: premail. 
Those resources are automatically generated by programs running on a machine of unverified security on the Internet. A PGP signature doesn't mean much in such a situation.

@_date: 1997-01-01 19:45:21
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Internal Passports 
All you have to do is take a stroll down any street the last week of December, reading SSNs off the labels on the tax forms in everyone's

@_date: 1997-01-01 21:34:34
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice 
All I can tell you is brother, you'll have to wait.

@_date: 1997-01-02 18:47:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice 
Barry Goldwater describes the person who said that as a stupid, selfish kid. I believe those are his exact words; he did lunch at my dorm in Spring 1991. He had a book out at the time.
Some people mellow with age. Others go the other way.

@_date: 1997-01-02 19:14:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice 
Cryptoanarchy, as envisioned here, is not about people mobbing in the streets. It's fundamentally about insulating oneself from the mobs in the streets. When Tim says he's an elitist, he means it, though of course we may disagree on who is allowed to be part of our "elite." I wouldn't exclude people who find the most extreme "satire" in the "ebonics" threads, for example.
However, revolutions tend to have unintended consequences. The noblemen who drafted the Magna Carta never thought it would become a broad statement of rights. The slaveholders who signed the Declaration of Independence never thought it would be used against them.
If crypto becomes ubiquitous worldwide, I doubt Tim May's ilk will enjoy the result. In the short term, it's a defense that preserves the distribution of wealth and privilege, but in the long run, we'll see that eroded. There is something to Vulis's latest rants -- his "facts" are all lies, of course, but there's something there.
Lies, evasions, and deception give temporary advantage, but eventually they come back home to roost. Sometimes it takes generations.
The things that last are the ideas that make people mob in the streets, not the things that enable them to hide at home.

@_date: 1997-01-03 20:36:27
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Civil rights, wrongs, and extremism in the defense of liberty 
Bill Frantz mentioned the 1960's civil rights movement as one of those revolutions that Thomas Jefferson thought were a good idea. Maybe that's what he had in mind, maybe not. It's good to keep in mind that other people, including many here, may have different conceptions of ordered liberty than we do. Here's a Bork piece from 1963.
I also recommend the lengthy article on "Liberalism Defined" in the 21-12-96 issue of The Economist. It's online, at least for a while, at Civil Rights - A Challenge
by Robert Bork
Passions are running so high over racial discrimination
that the various proposals to legislate its manifestations
out of existence seem likely to become textbook examples
of the maxim that great and urgent issues are
rarely discussed in terms of the principles they necessarily involve. In this case, the danger is that justifiable
abhorrence of racial discrimination will result in legislation
by which the morals of the majority are self-righteously
imposed upon a minority. That has happened before in the
United States - Prohibition being the most notorious instance -
but whenever it happens it is likely to be subversive of free Instead of a discussion of the merits of legislation, of which
the proposed Interstate Public Accommodations
Act outlawing discrimination in business facilities
serving the public may be taken as the prototype, we
are treated to debate whether it is more or less cynical
to pass the law under the commerce power or the Fourteenth
Amendment, and whether the Supreme Court is
more likely to hold it Constitutional one way or the
other. Heretical though it may sound to the constitutional
sages neither the Constitution nor the Supreme
Court qualifies as a first principle. The discussion we
ought to hear is of the cost in freedom that must be
paid for such legislation, the morality of enforcing
morals through law, and the likely consequences for
law enforcement of trying to do so.
Few proponents of legislation such as the Interstate
Public Accommodations Act seem willing to discuss
either the cost in freedom which must accompany it or
why this particular departure from freedom of the
individual to choose with whom he will deal is justified.
appears to recognize but to wish to avoid these questions,
for, in speaking on behalf of the bill before a congressional committee,
he went so far as to state that the law would create no
precedent. That of course is nothing less than an admission that he does not care to defend the bill on general principles.
There seems to be a strong disposition on the part of
proponents of the legislation simply to ignore the fact
that it means a loss in a vital area of personal liberty.
That it does is apparent. The legislature would inform
a substantial body of the citizenry that in order to continue
to carry on the trades in which they are established they must
deal with and serve persons with whom they do not wish to
associate. In part the willingness to overlook that loss of freedom
arises from the feeling that it is irrational to choose associates on
the basis of racial characteristics. Behind that judgment,
however, lies an unexpressed natural-law view that
some personal preferences are rational, that others are
irrational, and that a majority may impose upon a
minority its scale of preferences. The fact that the
coerced scale of preferences is said to be rooted in a
moral order does not alter the impact upon freedom. In
a society that purports to value freedom as an end in
itself, the simple argument from morality to law can
be a dangerous non sequitur. Professor Mark DeWolf
Howe, in supporting the proposed legislation, describes
southern opposition to "the nation's objective" as an
effort "to preserve ugly customs of a stubborn people."
So it is. Of the ugliness of racial discrimination there
need be no argument (though there may be some
presumption in identifying one's own hotly controverted
aims with the objective of the nation). But it is one thing
when stubborn people express their racial antipathies in
laws which prevent individuals, whether white or Negro,
from dealing with those who are willing to deal with them,
and quite another to tell them that even as individuals they
may not act on their racial preferences in particular areas of
life. The principle of such legislation is that if I find your
behavior ugly by my standards, moral or aesthetic, and
if you prove stubborn about adopting my view of the situation, I
am justified in having the state coerce you into more
righteous paths. That is itself a principle of unsurpassed ugliness.
Freedom is a value of very high priority and the
occasions upon which it is sacrificed ought to be kept to
a minimum. It is necessary that the police protect a
man from assault or theft but it is a long leap from
that to protection from the insult implied by the refusal
of another individual to associate or deal with
him. The latter involves a principle whose logical reach
is difficult to limit. If it is permissible to tell a barber or
a rooming house owner that he must deal with all who
come to him regardless of race or religion, then it is
impossible to see why a doctor, lawyer, accountant, or
any other professional or business man should have
the right to discriminate. Indeed, it would be unfair
discrimination to leave anybody engaged in any commercial
activity with that right. Nor does it seem fair
or rational, given the basic premise, to confine the
principle to equal treatment of Negroes as customers.
Why should the law not require not merely fair hiring
of Negroes in subordinate positions but the choice of
partners or associates in a variety of business and
professional endeavors without regard to race or creed?
Though such a law might presently be unenforceable,
there is no distinction in principle between it and what
is proposed. It is difficult to see an end to the principle
of enforcing fair treatment by private individuals. It
certainly need not be confined to racial or commercial
matters. The best way to demonstrate the expansive
ness of the principle behind the proposed legislation is
to examine the arguments which are used to justify it.
Perhaps the most common popular justification of
such a law is based on a crude notion of waivers:
Insistence that barbers, lunch counter operators, and
similar businessmen serve all comers does not infringe
their freedom because they "hold themselves out to
serve the public." The statement is so obviously a fiction
that it scarcely survives articulation. The very reason for
the proposed legislation is precisely that some individuals
have made it as clear as they can that they
do not hold themselves out to serve the public.
A second popular argument, usually heard in connection
with laws proposed to be laid under the Fourteenth
Amendment, is that the rationale which required
the voiding of laws enforcing segregation also requires
the prohibition of racial discrimination by business
licensed by any governmental unit because "state action"
is involved. The only legitimate thrust of that
"state action" characterization, however, is to enable
courts to see through governmental use of private
organizations to enforce an official policy of segregation.
There is a fundamental difference between saying that
the state cannot turn over its primary election process,
which is actually the only election that matters, to the
"private" and all-white Democratic Party and saying
that a chiropodist cannot refuse a Negro patient because
a state board has examined him and certified his
competence. The "state action" concept must be confined
to discerning state enforcement of policy through
a nominally private agency or else it becomes possible
to discern the hand of the state in every private action.
One of the shabbiest forms of "argument" is that
endorsed by James Reston when he described the contest
over the public accommodations bill as one between
"human rights" and "property rights." Presumably no
one of "liberal" views has any difficulty deciding the
question when so concisely put. One wishes
nonetheless, that Mr. Reston would explain just who
has rights with respect to property other than humans.
If A demands to deal with B and B insists that for reasons
sufficient to himself he wants nothing to do with
A, I suppose even Reston would agree that both are
claiming "human rights" and that this is in no way
changed if one of the humans is colored and the other
white. How does the situation change if we stipulate
that they are standing on opposite sides of a barber
chair and that B owns it?
A number of people seem to draw a distinction between
commercial relationships and all others. They feel justified,
somehow, in compelling a rooming house
owner or the proprietor of a lunch counter to deal with
all comers without regard to race but would not legislate
acceptance of Negroes into private clubs or homes. The
rationale appears to be that one relationship is highly
personal and the other is just business. Under any system
which allows the individual to determine his own
values that distinction is unsound. It is, moreover,
patently fallacious as a description of reality. The very
bitterness of the resistance to the demand for enforced
integration arises because owners of many places of
business do in fact care a great deal about whom they
Serve. The real meaning of the distinction is simply
that some people do not think others ought to care that
much about that particular aspect of their freedom.
One of the Kennedy administration's arguments for
the bill is that it is necessary to provide legal redress in
order to get the demonstrators out of the streets. That
cannot be taken seriously as an independent argument.
If southern white racists - or northern ones, for that
matter - were thronging the streets, demanding complete
segregation of commercial facilities, it is to be
hoped that no responsible politician would suggest
passing a law to enable them to enforce their demands
in court. In this connection, it is possible to be somewhat
less than enthusiastic about the part played by "moral
leaders" in participating in demonstrations against private
persons who discriminate in choice of their patrons. It
feeds the danger of the violence which they
are the first to deplore. That might nevertheless be
tolerable if they were demonstrating against a law that
coerced discrimination. They are actually part of a mob
coercing and distributing other private individuals in
the exercise of their freedom. Their moral position is
about the same as Carrie Nation's when she and her
followers invaded saloons.
Though the basic objection is to the law's impact
upon individual liberty, it is also appropriate to question
the practicality of enforcing a law which runs contrary
to the customs, indeed the moral beliefs, of a large
portion of the country. Of what value is a law which
compels service to Negroes without close surveillance
to make sure the service is on the same terms given to
whites? It is not difficult to imagine many ways in
which barbers, landlords, lunch counter operators, and
the like can nominally comply with the law but effectively
discourage Negro patrons. Must federal law enforcement
agencies become in effect public utility commissions
charged with the supervision of the nation's
business establishments or will the law become an unenforceable symbol of hypocritical righteousness?.
It is sad to have to defend the principle of freedom
in this context, but the task ought not to be left to those
southern politicians who only a short while ago were
defending laws that enforced racial segregation. There
seem to be few who favor racial equality who also perceive
or are willing. to give primacy to the value of freedom in this
struggle. A short while back the majority of the nation's moral
and intellectual leaders opposed all the manifestations of "McCarthyism" and quite correctly assured the nation that
the issue was not whether communism was good or evil but whether
men ought to be free to think and talk as they pleased.
Those same leaders seem to be running with the other
pack this time. Yet the issue is the same. It is not
whether racial prejudice or preference is a good thing
but whether individual men ought to be free to deal
and associate with whom they please for whatever reasons appeal to them. This time "stubborn people" with
"ugly customs" are under attack rather than intellectuals
and academicians; but that sort of personal comparison
surely ought not to make the difference.
The trouble with freedom is that it will be used in
ways we abhor. It then takes great self restraint to
avoid sacrificing it, just this once, to another end. One
may agree that it is immoral to treat a man according
to his race or religion and yet question whether that
moral preference deserves elevation to the level of that
principle of individual freedom and self-determination
If, every time an intensely-felt moral principle is involved,
we spend freedom, we will run short of it.

@_date: 1997-01-05 01:34:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Judge Bork on Ebonics 
Hello, what's this? I thought the Know-Nothing Party disbanded in
the early 1850's.
I'll pick it out of the library when I'm done with Mein Kampf. I
don't feel inclined to subsidize this ignorant kook with my money.
What do any of those standards have to do with "European cultures"?
Europe, like every other continent (save Antarctica), has a history
of conflict among ideas and groups. Tell me, who embodies "European culture" best: Luther, Charlemagne, Pope Gregory XII, Orwell,
Picasso, Nietzsche, Hitler, Churchill, St. Francis of Assisi,
Machiavelli, Marx, Diderot, Luis XIV, Robespierre, Einstein, Paul
de Man? The mark of a bigot is that he reads history selectively to
find "good" values in his own group, and "bad" values in some other
group. In fact "culture" is a fractal landscape. This isn't a
surrender to cultural or moral relativism -- just the opposite. Some
ideas are simply good, some are simply bad, independent of their
origin. This is one of the things that separates rationalists (whom
you may find in any culture) from romantics (whom you may find in
any culture).
Immigrants to the US today learn English twice as fast as did
immigrants to the US at the turn of the century. Greater access to
public education, the growth of the mass media, and the end of
child labor (well it's mostly ended) are the most important factors
There is far less regional differentiation in English dialects around
the country today than there was at the turn of the century. Nearly
all well-educated and socially mobile Americans under age 40 speak a common "broadcast TV english." Southern and Brooklyn accents are
less pronounced than they were.
Yup, that's us. It's all a conspiracy to drag America into the
Nope. There is no "European culture." Only idiot collectivists of the nationalist type group people like this.
A bald assertion. The straw man grows.
Aha! The conspiracy unmasked!
No evidence for this assertion exists.
No. I choose to call you on the bullshit assertion that Hispanic
children don't learn English. This prejudice is rooted in the small
but visible segment of the Hispanic population that comprises recent
immigrants. It is indubitably true that illegal immigrants doing odd
jobs and domestic work -- the segment of the Hispanic population most
visible to sensitive anglos -- tend not to speak English.
Extrapolations from this population, though, are invalid.
Note the only evidence offered by Bork to bolster this straw man
he's building is a similar slew of bald, unsupported assertions by a
friend of his. He might as well be quoting himself.
And in support of this rather extremist position, we have:
I see. "Pathetic whine" name-calling in reference to a one-sentence
quote is the best you can do. At least you give a verifiable reference
so that people can see what it really says.
You'd better hurry, too, so that you can disenfranchise people before
they know about it.
Who are these "American elites"? Who's in on the conspiracy? What's
in it for them?
The interesting thing about this attack is that you need to accept
the Task Force's mode of analysis in order to accept Bernstein's
conclusion. What if you don't? What if you say that this "European
culture and its derivatives" thing is bullshit, all we really have is
modern culture, and be done with it? Then Bernstein's statement and
the Task Force's statments are equally nonsensical.
Yes. Only the enlightened Bernstein and Bork can plumb the depths of
the conspiracy. Preach it, brother!
Rather than "who's wrong, who's right," I'd suggest that there is
more than one phenomenon to be viewed. Bernstein is talking about the
excesses, some real, some imagined, and O'Brien is talking about the
actual goals of the educational mainstream. I'd think that someone
actually in the educational mainstream would be a better guide to its
goals than someone with an ideological need to "expose" the conspiracy
that causes outrages like the ebonics announcement.
Sounds like what I've seen, for the most part. Certainly on the high
end, like Berkeley and Stanford, this is what we're seeing. At the low
end, like those loons in the New York state college, or the Oakland
or rural Tennessee public schools, you'll get a kook or a bigot. Who
the hell wants to be a public schoolteacher these days? If you don't
pay people what they're worth, you're bound to get 1) losers and/or
2) ideologically motivated naive do-gooders. This isn't the fault of
an anti-culture conspiracy; it's simple economics and social You're entitled to your opinion, of course, but I don't agree.
"Less candid"? It's always a sign of trouble when you impugn the
motives and honesty of your opponent without providing contrary
And so, since it's morally impermissible to say that they really want
an exclusionary system -- he's afraid of being termed a racist -- Bork
needs to create something to which he *can* legitimately object. What's
he gonna create?
Ah, just say they "seem" to be lying, and call in a friend.
BWAHAHAHA!!! Anyone familiar with Bernstein knows what a load of crap this is. This is simply dishonest.
First, since when has "uncritical adulation" of a complex historical figure been objective history? Is this something that Bork and
Bernstein *favor*? Maybe we should have a state religion, too. I bet
that would really get "European culture" going here, like, say, 17th
century England.
For someone supposedly standing up for history, Bork appears to be
rather blase about it. Did nothing happen between 1892 and 1992 than
the actions of partisans of an alleged aggressive ideology of
multiculturalism? Let's see. In 1898 we had the Spanish-American War.
Yellow journalism and jingoism were at their peak. The myth of Columbus as American hero then ascendant was not a sign of affinity with
"European culture," but a *rejection* of it. Columbus was stripped of
his European, particularly Spanish, features and represented as an
American adventurer. He was the Santa Claus of the Monroe Doctrine.
Then Buffalo Bill hired Sitting Bull. There was the First World War
and its Lost Generation. Exclusiveness lost its cachet. Hemingway did
not romanticize Columbus. A different kind of exclusiveness grew with
the "America First" isolationist movement, which at times was
blatantly pro-Nazi. Columbus was used and viewed in many different
ways through the years.
Meanwhile, up in the ivory tower, historians worked on the facts. I
defy you to show me one book published by a real historian for a
serious college-level audience that favored "uncritical adulation" of
Columbus. What I believe happened was that the horrors of the two World Wars woke people up to the dangers of propaganda myths (on all sides;
the anti-German "Hun" stuff from WWI is really disgusting), and
teachers stopped lying to their pupils. Every real historian always
knew that Columbus was a complex figure.
"Loathing and condemnation" is certainly a tad strong, but Bork and
Bernstein are welcome to their rhetorical excess.
When someone asserts that something is "obvious" all kinds of warning
bells should go off.
And you're an ignorant buffoon.
But we'll do it anyway.
Well? Does it? What purpose does indoctrinating kids with "uncritical adulation" serve? What were the lessons of the First World War? Let
alone the Second.
Here the buffoon plays the race card. Who's his audience?
This is bunk. The straw man grows.
"Allegedly"? Indians and blacks might not have had anything bad happen
to them in this country? It's clear that Bork doesn't want people to
know anything about history; just "uncritical adulation" of whoever
he chooses to hold up as a model. Where will Herr Bork take us now?
There is no "European culture," only history. White males created the dominance of white males. Some of their *actions* were clearly evil. *They* were and are not.
This is hilarious. I think Bernstein and Bork are really so blind as
to their own bigotry that they see no conflict between these two
points. If group identification is supposed to be a bad consequence
of multiculturalism, then where do they get off identifying with the
white race and "European culture"? Smash the labels. They're obsolete,
as is "uncritical adulation." That went out with the Divine Right of
Kings. Remember that? That was part of the history of "European
culture." The thousand years of revolution, counterrevolution, science,
progress, retraction, war, disease, and art that followed the Divine
Right of Kings are also part of history.
Here we elide into paranoid delusions.
To use a term of probably Indo-European origin, "Bollocks."
They're projecting again. Sure some nonwhite racists call themselves multicultural. Reasonable people see through that. Old bigots who
harken back to a nonexistent "European culture" are just as bad.
Four unsupported assertions in one sentence. I'm impressed.
This is not "multiculturalist." This is "racist." See the foreword
to Ronald Takaki's book A Different Mirror for a more accurate view
of how multiculturalists would approach the situation. Drop the bullshit strwa man. Similarly, I would also call Bork and Bernstein "racist" for trying to foist some silly personal notion of "European culture" on me merely because I'm a standard-issue white mongrel. I'm
a modern citizen of the world. I owe no "uncritical adulation" to Such as "uncritical adulation"?
No. The contrived notion of "Western culture" is racist, not the notion that we should study it. There is world history, which we will study,
and which we know more about than this bigoted buffoon Robert Bork.
Typical BS from someone who doesn't know what he's talking about. So now, as a result of the "radicals' attack on Stanford's Western Culture program," what do Stanford students study? Shakespeare, Dante, Locke, etc. Also Equiano and Buddha. We only gain.
What is this "inheritors of a tradition" notion? Who died and left me
Shakespeare, and why?
What do you mean "we," white man?
There is no such teaching.
Damn, Bork and Bernstein are projecting *again*. It's not modern
multiculturalist scholarchip that does this, but a bigoted rooting
out of other than "European culture," by which they really mean
whatever parts they find politically convenient at the time. If Locke
is in fashion, "European culture" means Locke. If Hitler is in fashion,
"European culture" means Hitler.
BWAHAHAHA!!! I love it when the completely ignorant presume to tell
us about history. Bork even gets current history wrong. The "nonsensical idea" that the Iroquois Confederacy influenced the Constitution comes from the fucking Federalist Papers and the proceedings of the Constitutional Convention. You'll find this "nonsensical idea" in the works of such pillars of multiculturalism as James Q. Wilson. As I recall, it's even in De Toqueville. I learned about this "nonsensical idea" in 5th grade in a conservative private school in conservative San Diego, California, more than a decade before this intensive lobbying For your information, the Iroquois Confederacy and its political constitution were very important in the French and Indian War, in which George Washington first distinguished himself. All of the Founders from the nortern states would have been familiar with it. Recognition of this fact is not an act of politically correct tokenism; it is simply objective history. Now, objective history may not have the kindest things to say about the autonomy of the Iroquois Confederacy -- they were in large part a pawn manipulated in turn by the French, British, and Colonials -- but important they were.
Dismissing their importance as a "false notion" without even a nod to
the true history of the period tells far more about Bork's bigotry than
it does about multiculturalism.
It could also be that this "myth" is and has always been known to be objective historical truth. Didn't think of that one, did you, Borkie?
Yeah, yeah. This is getting boring.
When that happens, I flame them. I'll also flame Bork when he tries to
simply *erase* history, seeking instead "uncritical adulation" of
myths he fancies.
Either this Schlesinger is someone other than the well-known Arthur M. Schlesinger, who has written on the importance of the Iroquois Confederacy (for example, flip through pages 80-100 of *The Almanac of American History*, Arthur M. Schlesinger, Jr., ed.), or Bork is being a little misleading in his quoting here.
Since this extent is zero, I see no problem.
Thanks for posting this. Beats a poke in the eye.

@_date: 1997-01-06 18:31:17
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
I like it.
My take on the issues I see here:
1) Moderator liability and anonymous posting. The open nature of the
   list means that "copyright violations" threads and the like are
   thought more or less safe for the people who own toad.com. With
   moderation, this is less likely to be as "safe." Without calling
   for a blanket assault on copyrights (I do have friends who make
   their living as writers), and speaking only selfishly, I think it       would be a shame to lose the "copyright violations" posts. So I
   think we need a way to diminish or at least distribute moderator    liability. Let's revisit the "Member of Parliament Problem" thread
   of a month or so ago for solutions. Presumably STUMP or some other
   moderation tool could be modified to support a secure anonymous-
   approval protocol.
2) "Vote of confidence in Sandy." No. I agree with Igor Chudov.
   Absolute power corrupts; confidence, and particularly votes of
   confidence (this isn't a popularity contest), are the wrong way
   to go. Try "trust, but verify." As many of you know, I'm still
   barred from a list run by another cypherpunks subscriber for
   reasons I consider totally invalid. While I have confidence in
   much of what this person writes, and don't mind if other people
   have full confidence in him (because he's usually on the right
   side), this content-based censorship, and particularly the lack
   of transparency about it (his list never had this kind of
   discussion, nor do most of his subscribers even know that some
   people are banned), bugs me.
3) Full v. filtered v. flame lists. I'd choose to dump the full
   list, keeping the flame & filtered. People who want to can
   simply subscribe to both, and filter them into the same incoming
   mailbox, for the same effect. Only minor problem I'd forsee is
   that the flame list might propagate faster than the filtered
   list because it would have fewer subscribers.
4) "Qui custodiet ipsos custodes." When I first saw that thread
   title, I thought it pertained to the moderation proposal. It
   could. That's why I'd like to see the rejected messages archived,
   at least for a while, as they are with Chudov's STUMP. What I'd
   like best, since I don't particularly want to waste bandwidth or
   my disk space with what would, by definition, be mostly crap, is
   a hks.lists.cypherpunks.flames on the open nntp port I'm using
   to read cypherpunks today. As some of you have noticed, I'm not
   on the list now, because most of it is junk; I just point
   Netscape at HKS Inc's open port whenever the whim strikes me,
   and grab the few messages that look interesting. I'd like to do
   the same with the "flame" list, every couple days. Of course, HKS
   and the other public archives would make that decsion, and I
   thank them for the free service they've provided me so far.
5) "[Mostly libertarian] off-topic political junk." As someone who
   disagrees with a lot of, variously, Tim's, Lucky Green's, and
   attila's politics, I strongly agree with them that that's what I'm
   on cypherpunks for. The alternative is not just coderpunks, but
   also Perry's cryptography which is dedicated to the issues
   that cypherpunks were apparently originally about. (I can't really
   say for sure, because the majority of messages have been off-topic
   since about January 1996, and I only joined in October 1995.) I
   don't think it's a capitulation to admit that cypherpunks has
   evolved/devolved to a forum that bears little resemblance to its
   original charter. What we are is a bunch of mostly (but not all)
   libertarian ranters and ravers who are, for various and not
   necessarily consistent reasons, interested in the theme that            ubiquitous strong crypto is a good thing. (I just edited the
   previous sentence to change "believe that it's a good thing" to
   "are interested in" because I wouldn't mind having a Denning or a
   Sternlight here.) Not all threads need have *anything* to do with
   that theme for the forum to be useful to me. This happens to be the
   only place I get to hear people like Lucky Green and Tim May rant
   and rave about all sorts of other topics (I mean that in a good
   way; I read most of what they write, and while I don't always agree
   with it, it's always important). I don't want to lose that unique
   opportunity just because it's "off-topic."

@_date: 1997-01-06 21:58:22
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Moderation 
I disagree. I think it's quite conceivable that a serious point could
arise from the flames. If a moderator can't be challenged based on
what happened with the reject list, what's the point of having a reject
list in the first place?
Anyway, I don't think such a rule is possible to implement, nor would it protect the moderator from other forms of denial-of-service attack even if it were implemented.

@_date: 1997-01-08 17:33:53
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment 
Strongly disagree. That would be too arbitrary.
In practice, a system such as Chudov's STUMP reduces the latency and moderator effort considerably, as responsible posters get put onto the white list for auto-approval (to be degraded to hand-moderation if they lose it). For list regulars, it's as if the list were unmoderated.

@_date: 1997-01-10 19:25:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
Come on, the de facto topics of this list aren't limited to crypto.
I'd just like to say that as disgusting as I find most of Dale's posts,
I consider almost all of them appropriate for the list.
[The referenced post isn't one of them, of course.]
Is the goal really to be a "best of cypherpunks," or is it just to cut out the most inane trolling (of which there is a lot)? While I'd classify Dale's posts as among "worst of cypherpunks," IMO they are all at least *of* cypherpunks.
I would not favor a moderation policy that gave carte blanche to "good guys" to talk about whatever they wanted ("libertarian bullshit" in Chudov's delicate phrasing), but required posts by "bad guys" like Dale (and in certain threads, me -- you never know) to be "about crypto." That's a hypocritical double standard.
I just want the complete crap out of the way. I was envisioning a mostly unfiltered cypherpunks where the traffic level remained so high that the filtered "best of" lists like fcpunx were still in demand.
Of course, I'm reading cypherpunks only a couple times a day via nntp, so I'm more tolerant of nonsense than people who want to follow the list as an email list. To those people I'd say sorry, but cryptography is available. But I'm only one voice; the moderators can do whatever they want.

@_date: 1997-01-11 13:28:03
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
For example, I think this message could have been worded in such a way that
it was on-topic. Dale really had to exert himself to make this a pure flame.
When he doesn't put so much effort into it, he's worth reading.
See also - -rich

@_date: 1997-01-13 17:23:20
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Checking debit 
Your thinking is incorrect.
If you have a credit card, call up customer service, and ask if you
can do a check by phone. There are a dozen services that do it. A
verbal agreement is all that's necessary. I'm not even sure the calls
are recorded; I recall no telltale beeps, which are required in California and other states. Western Union may do such transfers for
a fee.
I quite agree. Sad, but true.
I don't have a banking background, but I've done exactly the above as a standard-issue idiot consumer. All they need is your account number, a unique check number, and the central bank routing information. And your SSN, which your credit card company has already (how convenient). Oh, and I'm sure they need a hell of a lot of liability insurance.

@_date: 1997-01-13 20:59:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Actually, I wouldn't think the cops would be too hot on that idea.
Taps would require physical access to the phone network, meaning a
warrant or other specific authorization and a time delay. Worse from
the cops' perspective, the phone company will know who is being monitored. That means accountability, and that means leaks.
The goal will always be end-to-end "key recovery." A fixed key in the phone that can be cracked is much preferable to a random DH exchange, which would be the right way to do a last-hop-only encryption (all
from the cops' perspective, of course).
With "key recovery" currently out of favor, the cops' strategy is FUD and the criminalization of illegal wiretaps (by private citizens
anyway), to create a false sense of security.
In any case, evangelizing and deploying real end-to-end encryption now is the way to go.

@_date: 1997-01-16 14:14:51
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Privacy Issue (ANI in SF Bay Area) 
Can I (or you) send this to comp.decom.telecom and comp.risks?
If true, this merits wider distribution, but I don't want to cause
you any trouble. Then again, I don't see your email address...

@_date: 1997-01-17 16:35:12
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Key Revokation Scheme 
I concur. Depending on your application (it always depends on your
application), it's probably better to risk a spurious revocation than
an interception.
You needn't completely lose your connection to the web of trust,
either. I've already generated a "next" key signed by my current key,
just in case. No, the path server won't follow revoked keys, but
someone not yet in possession of the revocation certificate is
somewhat more likely to accept a message from someone with a key signed
by your old key and in possession of the revocation certificate.

@_date: 1997-01-17 17:01:11
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
I agree. Security in terms of theft really doesn't concern me most of
the time. If someone steals your credit card or bank number, chances are
you'll get everything back without too much trouble (exceptional
"identity theft" cases notwithstanding). My life is structured such that
even if someone stole my car and burned down my house, I'd hardly mind.
I've got friends to stay with, I can bike to work, and I've got enough
insurance. Money is just money; I've got an average amount, which is
more than I need.
What does concern me is personal privacy. I don't want people tracking
my movements or purchasing patterns, so I prefer to use cash or
pseudonymous debit cards.

@_date: 1997-01-29 01:27:47
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Getting into MIT is impossible 
I'm not sure what this has to do with, well, anything, but here goes.
Scores from before April 1995 are not comparable to scores today because the method of scoring has changed to recenter the distribution. The 99th percentile starts at 1440 for women and 1490 for men. Full stats at
Please note that this is for "college-bound seniors." It's not a stat that applies to the general population (i.e., 1490+ is the top 1% of the elite 30% or so that go to college), and it doesn't include people who were satisfied with the score they got the beginning of their junior year, and didn't take it again (i.e., me).
I don't know about MIT, but I'd think that their numbers would be even higher than those for Stanford, because MIT doesn't recruit football players. Some of Stanford's numbers are at MIT and the like aren't impossible. Fucking elitist, yes. Worth it? Probably, though two of my closest and most intelligent friends have no college degrees at all. Of course, they had to earn people's respect, whereas I had people recruiting me based largely on the fact that I still had a pulse five years after taking the SAT. What counts is what people want you to do five years after that.

@_date: 1997-01-29 01:54:14
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: East German Collapse (Was: Fighting the cybercensor 
I think the timing was a coincidence. (And I'm told that Kristallnacht wasn't well advertised in East Germany; especially after the Soviets sided the United Arab Republic, the official story was that Hitler had been exterminating good Communists, not Jews.) While the final week was pretty spectacular, the demonstrations and defections had been building for months, as you say:
I wasn't there, but an East German friend of mine was 20 when the wall came down. He was doing his compulsory military service at the time. Even in early 1987, as he was being interviewed by the Stasi concerning the direction the state would allow him to take his life, he says he felt no real fear telling them, up front, "Sure, I'll carry a gun, and I'll go where you tell me to go, but I will not hurt anyone."
They gave him a gun and put him on the front, where he waved to his friends as they walked across the border.
I think a lot of the border guards were like Thomas.
Yeah, yeah. Economics has soomething to do with it. But I think it comes down to "Sure, I'll carry a gun, and I'll go where you tell me to go, but I will not hurt anyone." Ideas matter.

@_date: 1997-01-29 02:11:41
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: AltaVista sprouts a hole ... 
Yes, I mentioned that here and in comp.org.eff.talk a couple weeks ago.
No need to turn images off. Just tell AltaVista you want text-only:
 You may also find the text-only page a hell of a lot faster.

@_date: 1997-01-29 02:22:42
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Best Computer School? 
You must be joking. After all you've said about the school, you're recommending it? Isn't "Mr. L-18 Tag" the head of the department now?
Anyway, our correspondent is asking the wrong question. There is no "best" school. If you want to be a brilliant programmer, I think you have to be born that way. If you want theory, you need to be specific about your research interests. If you want mass-marketable experience in Windoze, avoid the big-name schools, which tend to treat Windows with the respect is deserves. (At Stanford, despite having a very nice Paul Allen Center for Integrated Systems and a posh new Bill Gates Information Sciences building, all instruction is done in Think C or

@_date: 1997-05-09 15:04:28
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Banking Secrecy and Nazi Gold 
I think this is the first time I've ever said this about Tim, whom
I usually read first, but "That's nuts."
The political game is simple: The Wiesenthal Center and the World
Jewish Congress are in a pissing contest to see who can recover
the most cash. (There are two different class action lawsuits
going, one from each organization.) Senator Alphonse "I Love to
Make Noise" D'Amato is pandering. Some former members of the
intelligence community are involved, but that shouldn't be
surprising given the fact that they grew up as Nazi hunters.
In general I agree with Tim's argument and the mean (if not all the
details) of the followups, but I'd like to restress a few things:
1) The reason Jews used Swiss banks is precisely that they were
   secret, fercryingoutloud.
2) Sure, some banks took advantage of the power disparity (even if
   the victims had little guarantee that they'd be able to recover
   their assets, if they didn't squirrel them away soon they'd be
   sure to go to the Nazis). That makes them scum. But screwing
   with bank secrecy ain't the way to fix that Reputation Problem.
3) The reason governments and not just banks & individuals are
   involved is that some unclaimed deposits went to the government,
   which sent them off to Eastern Europe.
- -rich

@_date: 1997-05-15 06:03:26
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Rwanda and "anarchy" 
I would say "none." Tim is essentially correct. Ironically, we know he's
correct thanks to the United Nations and Judge Goldstein's International
Criminal Tribunal, which Tim would oppose. (The answer to bad government
is more government?)
Jean-Marie Higiro was Rwanda's Minister of Telecommunications. He saw
the radio turn into a tool of totalitarian propaganda. The killings were
encouraged and organized by the government. He was there.
Lindsey Hilsum was the only English-speaking reporter in Rwanda when the
killings started. She described the situation as "anarchy" because she
did not understand the language or the political situation. She later
retracted that story, and spent several more months in Rwanda and
documenting what really happened. She eventually testified before the
on what she saw. I think she's a really cool person.
Raymond Bonner joined Lindsey in Rwanda later. You might recognize his
name -- he's the guy who was fired by the New York Times because the
Reagan Administration didn't like his reporting on human rights
in El Salvador.
Gilles Peress is a French photojournalist who documented the genocide in
Rwanda both for himself and for the ICT.
I met these folks and browsed the relevant documentation, recordings,
photos on April 11th. I believe them when they say it was planned.
Blaming it on "evil government," though, is ludicrous. There was quite a
lot more going on.
If you want to look at anarchic chaos, try, maybe, Albania, or Los
after the Rodney King verdict. But even in those cases, the violence had
specific targets for specific reasons. It wasn't unstructured anarchy,
and it didn't last long. For all the press, there were few deaths in
either case.
There is no such thing as anarchy, and there never will be.

@_date: 1997-06-07 08:36:43
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: Privacy-loving Europeans are at it again 
This story was stale soon after it hit the "presses." The trial
is on hold as the government looks (in vain?) for expert
witnesses who support their position.
In unrelated news, Reuters is reporting that the head of
CompuServe's operations in Germany, the guy who is being sued in
Munich on kiddie porn charges, is leaving to start his own

@_date: 1997-06-07 08:41:13
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: [CONTROVERSIAL]: A Defense of Terrorism 
I have reasonable doubts as to whether
How many Irish nationalists do you know? The ones I know consider the
IRA to be a bunch of thugs. Their attitude towards sympathizers in the
US is similar to the attitude most Israelis have towards the kind of
American wackos who killed Rabin. That's probably too nuanced for you,
so to simplify: I think they're a bunch of thugs. They're just as
thuggish towards "their own" as they are towards the Loyalists. Express
a moderate or humanistic point of view in certain NI neighborhoods and
the IRA thugs will make sure you're censored for good. AS Bill Frantz
pithed a few weeks ago: the problem is not anarchy -- the problem is
too many competing governments in one place. Thuggery isn't the answer
to historical thuggery.
- -rich

@_date: 1997-06-16 09:41:40
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: We need more surveillance--a morality play about terrorism 
Maybe I'll get a TV one of these days. Nah.
I can't even imagine anyone in the FBI saying anything like that. In
the National Security (tm) establishment and local police forces,
yes, but the FBI is pretty professional, and has heard of the First
Amendment. In this case, though, there was the additional issue of
Rachman being an illegal alien. (I'm not a big fan of border controls
of any kind, but I do consider political hostility to the US to be a
legitimate reason for a state to bar someone from entry and residence.
Bleeding hearts aside, poverty and lack of language and job skills
are also legitimate reasons to bar people at the golden door.)
It's fashionable to romanticize the enemy as big national or
supranational thugs, but in reality the corrupt local cop is the
bigger civil liberties threat to most normal people.
On the "other side":
Look, more people died from car accidents in the last 12 days than
died in the bombing of the Murrah Federal Building, and far fewer
still (or was it nobody?) died in the World Trade Center. By the
numbers, terrorism just doesn't deserve the press coverage it gets.
McVeigh would have done better if he'd started an automobile factory.
It worked for Henry Ford; how many copies of The International Jew
and The Protocols of the Elders of Zion did he print with the money
he made, and how long did respectable antisemitism delay the US entry
into WWII? Food for thought. If you really want to influence people
over the long term, make money, not bombs. William Pierce is on the
wrong track.
This does happen, and bugs me (so to speak).
One of these days I'll make it to the firing range.
You also missed a revealing story over dinner, which probably meant
something different to me than the storyteller intended, but there
it is.
A guy on the way to the shooting range is pulled over for speeding.
The cop notices the guns, orders him out of the car, and asks where
he's going. He answers, "Let me explain the way I think this country
works. I am going wherever I damn well please." So the cop gives him
a speeding ticket, and he continues on his way.
Now tell me, is this evidence that we're living in a police state?
Of course it probably helped that the guy was white, and probably
driving a "decent" car, and carrying "decent" guns and not some
"Saturday Night Special." But still, I don't see the totalitarianism.
While it wasn't covered in human rights school, I don't think the
FBI should sit idly by and let terrorists sponsored by the government
of Iran blow people up, either. And so they didn't sit idly by. They
waited for probable cause. And lost one. Oops. A few random bombings
seems a reasonable price to pay for all our freedoms, though,
especially since it probably couldn't have been prevented in the
first place.
But by all means, keep the paranoia coming. That's what keeps this
country more or less free. Far better to have frogs hopping wild and
free (as God designed them) than sitting in the pot talking about
how nice and warm the water is. Just don't lose it so badly that you
start endorsing the bombing of the World Trade Center and the Murrah
Federal Building, please.
- -rich

@_date: 1997-06-17 13:15:16
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: We need more surveillance--a morality play about terrorism 
I always knew you had a bleeding-heard liberal inside, just struggling to
come out. Yes, for some people, this is a police state. But the threat is not (just) the FBI/CIA/ATF/NSA; it's us. It's the people developing photos at the
supermarket who aren't comfortable with Hispanics and "ebonites" having
guns, and believe the police or TLAs should put a stop to it. Technical
capabilities don't oppress people; people do.

@_date: 1997-06-17 15:44:36
@_author: Rich Graves 
@_subject: Re: We need more surveillance--a morality play about terrorism 
What Gestapo? Lucky Green didn't tell the whole story, but it was my
impression he was talking about the local police or sheriff. They had local
police and sheriffs lo those glorious days of freedom of the antebellum
South, too. How else you expect people to protect their property? A man
can't stay awake watching for looters 24 hours a day, or if he does, he's
liable to start hallucinating and wasting ammunition. Gun control means
being able to keep your eyes open and shoot straight.
- -rich
