
@_date: 1992-11-25 18:07:42
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: chip verification  ( Was: Tollhouse Cookies  :-) 
"The crucial chips could be built under "open inspection" conditions,
 much like having source code for inspection prior to compilation on
 one's own--presumably trustworthy--machines. Several such vendors
 could be used, with independent auditors observing the processing
 steps throughout. (Merely the threat of a surprise inspection is
 probably enough to head off obvious attempts to insert hardware
 trapdoors and the like.) This seems like a solvable problem."
It seems to me that an ostensibly digital device with a fixed number
of pins could be regarded as a finite state system, and systematically
analyzed accordingly, IE, traverse the set of possible combinations of
pins and signal levels and verify that it behaves in accord with pub-
-lically available specifications.
I'm no circuit designer ( yet ), but it seems to me that the microchip
might be subject to design to make it conform to such tests, yet still
contain additional circuitry which is undocumented. It might also have
analog circuitry, I suppose, although I cannot immediately conceive of
a use for such a thing. ( Of course, nanotech rears its ugly head, but
that sword cuts both ways and, until it manifests, is irrelevant. )
Perhaps a chip could be tested, at the cost of additional time, by a
systematic profiling of the finite boundaries of the device as repre-
-sented by the combination of pins being stimulated, the combination
of pin input voltage levels, and the resulting pin output voltages.
If you want to be fanatical, you can also profile the resulting fields.
It seems to me that it would be difficult to defy such a systematic
profiling. ( I guess one could also test the I:E:R ratios at each of
the states to further detect bogus circuitry, as well as borderline
products. )
Why quality assurance lines don't do this on a chip-by-chip level now is
beyond me. I'll bet the Japanese do now, or are working on it ...

@_date: 1992-11-27 20:28:30
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Banking 
"Using the net, the 'banker' could easily be 'offshore' and not  subject to US law in these matters."
Feds busted some folks doing just this with modems in Puerto Rico,
I think it was, within the past year ... heard it on NPR, maybe it
was BBC or CBC ...

@_date: 1992-11-27 20:42:26
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re:  PGP on local machine (was Re: MacPGP) 
" ... some kind of hardware device which isolates the line and all that."
I believe part of the MIDI specification includes explicit decoupling of
each device from the network via optical coupling. ( Ref: _MIDI systems
and control_, Francis Rumsey ... "The interface incorporates an opto-iso-
-lator between the MIDI IN  and the device's microprocessor system. This
is to assure that there is no direct electrical link between devices ..." )
Anyhow, such a component is commercially - and easily - available.

@_date: 1992-11-27 22:00:11
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re:  Mac PGP report and Rander progress 
"Has anyone given any thought to generating random numbers by counting
 particle emissions from a radioactive source?  This might be more
 reliably random than using purely electronic means."
The Exploratorium has a display - a large set of charged plates by which
one can see spark trails elicited by high-energy particles as they pass
through the array - which has often intrigued me as a source of noise ...
what is more unpredictable and harder to spoof than a cosmic ray detector ?
Especially if you use not only the timing of the particle's arrival, but
also its direction through the array of plates, as inputs to the random
number generator ...
Air pressure, temperature and other ambient factors in the environment
could also be used as sources for unpredictable inputs ( measuring very
small variations, IE, millions of a degree or some such ).

@_date: 1992-11-28 00:27:13
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re:  comments on Don's "Cypher Bank" 
"You should not disclose someone's balance to anyone else, and certainly
 no[t] to the public.  Someone requesting their balance should send the
 request by any communications channel (anonymous mail, newsgroup, anything)
 and sign it with the private key corresponding to the public key used
 when making the deposit.  Then you should encrypt your reply (the account
 balance & any other info) using the public key, and send it back through
 any channel."
Maybe both options should be supported.
I can see how some people would like numbered accounts, a la Switzerland.
However, it's not likely. It would be abused. If you want to oppose taxes,
that's one thing, but it should not be confused with the electronic trans-
-fer and maintenance of funds.
It might be more likely to arrange for a compromise where numbered accounts
are permitted iff account balances are publically available also.
This might have interesting spinoffs, such as allowing a much wider range
of interested individuals, access to economic data at the level usually
reserved for banking institutions. We might - as many people have noted -
learn much and contribute accordingly to both economic and cryptographic
Personally, I think things are much more likely to remain aboveboard if
they are never placed out of sight in the first place except where it is
strictly necessary - and that necessity clearly documented to all.

@_date: 1992-11-28 00:42:52
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re: ping..mailing list integrity.. 
"So if you posted a message, you could check in the evening if it got
 out or not.  If you are not sure if you are receiving all the messages,
 you could maintain a simlar file yourself, and at the end of day compare
 your notes with what is received from the list."
This could be spoofed by an intermediate delivery agent also ...
Generally, in netnews, I regard mail back from individuals or test sites
which honor posts to *.test newsgroups as adequate confirmation. These,
too, could be spoofed, I suppose, but that's a degree of duplicity that
is so complicated to maintain for an indefinite period of time that it is
unlikely to ever be put into practice, IMHO, since it's bound to fail in
the long term, and would probably result in a backlash of disfavor towards
organizations practicing, supporting or funding such behavior.
Perhaps an equivalent service could be implemented where some people's
systems make a point of sending mail directly to posters to verify that
their posting was posted. Bitnet's LISTSERV software does this, which is
very convenient when one is managing a listserver entirely by email from
a few thousand miles away. Other mail servers - Home Brew Digest comes to
mind - do the same thing ...
Grist for the collective mill.

@_date: 1992-11-28 01:08:42
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: verification of posting 
Below is a copy of the email I received as a consequence of posting to the
Home Brew Digest.
Of course, the HBD is a digest, not a mail list ... but it occurs to me,
it is much harder to interfere with the operation of a Digest. The Digest
comes out once a day, it has ( usually ) a table of contents at the top,
and, if one received email telling where in the queue one's message was,
one could verify it by reading the Digest when next issued forth. As well
as discussing it with individuals separately via email, which provides a
redundancy of sorts to this verification process.
Eternal vigiliance and all that. Freedom is not a passive process !!

@_date: 1992-11-28 20:01:51
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: credibility and banking 
"If the operators of an escrow service are anonymous, then either their
 accessible assets had better be enough that you can recover losses if
 they walk with your goods, or their opportunity cost of defecting on
 their clients had better be high enough (in terms of lost revenue,
 lost opportunity on outstanding customer goodwill, name recognition,
 channels, etc.) that they are sufficiently unlikely to that you will
 take the risk."
It seems to me that there are many parallels between this state of affairs
and that which prevailed in the American West of the 1800s, with respect
to banking .... there were no agencies insuring deposits, and only the rep-
-utation of the bank's president - usually a leader of the community - was
guarantee upon the funds. Bank robberies were not uncommon, depositors were
few, runs on the bank, I speculate, may not have been unknown in those cir-
-cumstances where the community of bank depositors lost confidence in the
bank or its officers.
Another parallel which occurs to me is that of the computerized trading that
occurred when programs controlled trading in, um, was it October of 1987 that
the stock market shuddered ? 1989 ? ... it suggests the inevitability of
software shuttling funds around at cyberspace speeds to take advantage of
ebbs and flows in the economic tides of the human race, around the world ...
It would be interesting to further study the origins of banking, as I expect
such a study would provide many such parallels by which the case for digi-
-tized banking could be made stronger ...

@_date: 1992-11-28 20:08:47
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re: Electronic Banking 
"On a related note, I noticed an article on electronic money in a recent
 issue of _the_Futurist_.  It kept on coming back to the big advantage of
 cryptomoney:  it is completely traceable.  The main point was that
 cryptomoney would eliminate black marketeering (including the drug trade)."
I don't think cash will _ever_ be eliminated. If it is, someone will make
their own ( banks did this for many decades in North America ) and these
will fill the role.
There will always be transactions which will not justify the cost of the
overhead in hardware and transaction processing, and market pressures will
reward those whom develop a way to avoid this overhead, IMHO.

@_date: 1992-12-01 14:40:32
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re:  PGP and Digi-money 
"Should everyone on the list be given a set amount of digital cash to start
 the 'poker game', or will we choose a smaller, representative sample? "
Maybe we should generate some digicash with a PostScript printer, just to
make it interesting.
I wonder how public key cryptology would effect efforts to counterfeit ?
It seems to me that this same technology could make cash much harder to
forge ... even allowing one to actually _print_ one's tender, authenticated
by the information buried in the serial number of the bill ... and it would
be the serial numbers that the bank would track, not the actual pieces of

@_date: 1992-12-02 21:14:29
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re: Suggest splitting things up 
"I aggree."
So do I, but a digest ( 225 / 4 == 56.25 messages per day, concatenated
into one giant digest of messages, sans headers ) would also make the
traffic manageable, while preserving the ability for the various groups
to benefit from one another's divergent, but relevant, insights into the
overall process and its possible applications.
Even if you split the list into multiple 'sub-topical' lists, you'll be
'swamped' with N times the maintenance ( and I suspect maintenance is
already a bit of a hassle, with bounce messages and the like 'deluging'
the hapless administrative staff with a 'rain' of problems ), as well
as 'flooded' with N times as many subscribe and unsubscribe requests ...
and will probably still contemplate a digest format eventually.   (-:
An interactive direct mail option should be preserved, in fact, it would
remain the primary entity ... all that's needed is to add some sort of
alias that evaluates to a queue to the list, then write a script to read
the queue ( with some queue management to avoid race conditions ), strip
out all but trivial header information and '> ' those left behind, and
generate email to those individuals whom have transferred themselves from
the primary alias to the secondary digestifier-and-remailer.
There's a thing called majordomo that does this, I think.
I don't know if it's public domain, but it does a lot of this, firewalls
and firewalls-digest are both served by it, and I think it also provides
archival services and such. ( There are others, also. )
My $0.02.

@_date: 1992-12-17 12:45:34
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re: New number for Secure Systems & Services 
"Great.  Now does anyone know of where to get equipment to test how
 effective it is?  "
I'd guess that virtually any hardware lab that has to test its equipment
to make sure it meets FCC criteria for minimal emissions, would have a
test lab onsite.
Such a test lab normally consists of the following :
Those test labs I've been acquainted with are usually found at a distance
from production facilities, usually small outbuildings in fields out back,
insulated by distance from the EMF of the surrounding buildings. I can see
how this paper might make it possible to move the lab back indoors ...
To answer your question specifically, I'd check a HP electronic test products
catalog, with an emphasis on signal/frequency/harmonic analyzers.

@_date: 1992-12-17 14:12:48
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Patent Infringement 
"I'm sorry to say that yes, it *IS* illegal to reinvent the wheel and
 apply it yourself.  In the US it is called "Patent Infringement"."
Only if you attempt to sell it ...

@_date: 1992-12-17 17:38:36
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re: Treason's bile spewing 
"Treason's posts, for the past week, have been like the rantings of a
 third grader."
This is in itself rather derogatory and does nothing to quell the flames.
"I'm glad some people on this list have the resources to prove him wrong."
I suspect the gentleman in question was not displeased to learn something
new, and, by contributing material that _was_ a few years out of sync, he
was not trying to lower the quality of the discussion ... or dominate it
... he was trying to contribute.
Easy does it, folks.

@_date: 1992-12-17 20:48:27
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: So you want a wide-spectrum signal analyzer ? 
Here's what HP's catalog says :
( I can't believe they actually said that. Gee, I wonder if They're going
  to classify test & measurement equipment next. )-:
Prices for these puppies run from @ $ 20,000 to @ $ 50,000. They are very
modularized, and, for the paranoids amongst you, these things are portable.
They are probably devilishly heavy, like most test equipment is, and look
a lot like an oscilloscope, when the cover is off.
What you want is their 'Test & Measurement Catalog'.
One small tip - if you're calling them up and want to get a catalog sent
to you, you want to make an effort to look like a valid customer. These
catalogs are large and expensive and they may be less inclined to pay for
what is probably a few dollars' shipping if you come across as a college
student ( with apologies to college students :-). Give an address if you
can, give yourself a title - R&D engineer is good - a department - R&D -
and, if they ask for a box or mail dept code, you can make one up or say
that you don't have one. ( Using different box numbers going to a same
address is a great way to see who's sharing their mailing list with whom
else, BTW ).
I'm not encouraging you to spoof these folks, merely noting that it is a
regrettable necessity. If you don't present yourself as a prospect, they
may blow you off, and if you give any hint that you don't represent some
sort of company, you are sure to be blown off, presumed to be a waste of
their time. ( Of course, this posting may lead to three or four analyzers,
$ 100-200 thousand worth of sales, but try to persuade a salescritter of
this. :-)

@_date: 1992-12-24 00:28:11
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: 1993 RSA Data Security Conference 
( I'm sitting here, waiting for Sequent to call back after a late-night
  systems crash ... may as well put the time to some good use ... )-:
Looking for computer & communications products that have real public-key
security built in ... maybe interested in enhancing your _own_ products
with encryption and authentication technologies ... or just want to know
what all the excitement is about ?
RSA invites end users, developers and OEMs to attend the
The only conference and expo devoted exclusively to public-key cryptography.
Talk to colleagues, developers, potential customers and experts from the
best and the brightest companies in the security business. Get the real
story on licensing, standards, algorithm strength, and export restrictions.
See the newest public-key products from the biggest vendors in the computer
industry. Attend tutorials on secure application design and developing
with RSA's cryptography toolkits, such as TIPEM and the new BSAFE 2.0.
Find out how others in your line of business are using RSA technology to
differentiate their products and improve their own internal security.
The conference is being underwritten by RSA Data Security, Inc., and is free
to all attendees and exhibitors. Interested ? Registration is extremely
limited, and is first-come, first-served.
Call RSA today and reserve your seat. 415/595-8782, ask for Conference

@_date: 1993-01-03 20:28:18
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: Re: A solution remailer signature suppression 
"Hugh Daniels said here on Dec 28:
    There are very good reasons to build remailers (and all mail
    tools) to pass on all the bytes they can, trailing spaces and
    .sigs included."
"Hugh doesn't say what these reasons are.  They are not obvious to me,
 so I must disagree. I've already stated what I think are good reasons
 at least for remailers whose purpose is anonymity to remove automatic
 sigs which are likley to destroy anonymity."
I can think of a few ...
It is the user's job to hide his or her identity, but it should not
be the programmer's responsibility to anticipate the user's failure
to think at all. Someone who uses these tools without understanding
the principles upon which they are founded - such as people whom
accept keys from individuals whom are only electronically known -
will quickly founder upon their own, um, state of stupor, and one
should not undertake to protect them from this, as what you are pro-
-tecting them from, in reality, is the opportunity to learn from
their mistakes.
"I've said I would accept either a less ambiguous sig delimiter than
 "--" or a remailer option to remove the sig (default) or leave it in."
Until there is a convention, IE, an RFC or ANSI standard for signatures,
it would be unwise to build in any assumption.
I just realized an excellent example. For years, I've been signing
myself ...

@_date: 1993-01-11 12:11:31
@_author: Richard Childers 
@_subject: request digest format 
When is this going to be converted into a Digest format ?
Without wishing to appear peckish, Christmas would have been a good
opportunity ...
