
@_date: 1994-09-20 21:57:18
@_author: Ray Cromwell 
@_subject: Re: The Importance of Filtering 
Just to clear this up, this freeware code was never put into
limbo. I believe Harry talked to Hugh several times in e-mail
but Hugh didn't have the time to put up with the installation
(hint: it's harder than majordomo to install since they are
tons of configuration options.  You know, like the list statistics,
what filtering agents to use, digest format, incoming filters,
accounting database, etc)
   If anyone is willing to provide a machine, I will gladly
give and/or install my mailing list software, and then subscribe it
to cypherpunks. (during the development phase, this is exactly
how me and Harry tested the list. We subscribed to several mailing
lists and had the list software do the filtering)
   This is more optimal anyway. If the vast majority of people don't
want filtering, there is no need to waste cpu cycles by running
it as the main cypherpunks list.     Yes, and this is a recognized problem, and one of the things
we are going to eliminate in the commercial version. Basically,
the "send a msg to a mail server" form of command processing is
too painful to use except infrequently (such as ::resend) The
technique of using "in-band" commands within a post
was my first attempt to reduce the pain of sending commands
(by allowing you to postpone any commands, and then include
then in one of your posts later)
One of the ways to alleviate "transaction cost" of list commands is to
use client side scripts.  For instance, for list administration, I
wrote Harry a "hot key" perl script which takes over elm's Print
function. When Harry needs to do something, he hits 'p', and then
chooses an option. (for instance, to add a user, he types
'pa'. I could easily create a similar thing for anyone using
elm who wanted to exclude based on a single key-press)
   The real use of the Extropians software comes in "exclude all" mode,
resend thread, and digest. Most of the people I see using the
list filtering (from the logs), do something of the following:
1) exclude all
2) read the 'filterlist' every 12 hours. If something looks interesting,
do ::resend thread, and get a digest containing that thread only.
3) include specific threads and authors.
   The only thing I ever use the filtering system for is to exclude
individual users, or annoying threads. (d for everything else, like
   I think it is superior to majordomo and listserv for other reasons
(remember, the filtering stuff is merely a "plug in" agent which could
be replaced with any filtering or reputation system) For instance,
the reputation system writers could use it as a platform to write
a reputation based filtering system if they wanted to.
  Definately. I fear there will be no good solution though until
we get atleast some partial natural language understanding.

@_date: 1994-10-05 03:24:18
@_author: Ray Cromwell 
@_subject: Re: He's dead Jim (Chomsky) 
Well, perhaps in theory, but let's see what real dedicated
socialists think. Quoted from an article in my campus newspaper
"Long Island University Professor Condemns Capitalism" (the idiot
came to give a speech to about 10 people claiming Russia was
"state capitalist". He's been a socialist since the 1930s)
"`Capitalism will not collapse. You've got to overthrow it', Seigal
  After the revolution, those who would have resisted the change and
who would pose a threat to the workers and their new socialist
government would have to somehow be removed from society. Commenting
on the secret police force established in the Soviet Union after 1917,
Professor Seigal said, `[the Soviets] realized that you need the state
to surpress all of the people who would resist the socialist
revolution'" Summary: in a socialist state, only socialist thought can
be allowed (otherwise, it would quickly collapse.) Want to start a
party based on market economics? Meet the firing squad.
  There you have it. Socialism may in theory exist in a free society,
in practice, it always leads to big brother.    Obviously Mr. Chomsky missed out on Economics 101. A civilization
without an economy can not allocate resources in a rational manner (I
refer you to Von Mises). The only place your "everything will be free"
ideal will work is in a tribal society.  No socialist "economy" is
going to build a computer or automobile, efficiently, if at all. If it
did succeed in building them, only the politicians would have them,
and they'd look like the ENIAC. Meanwhile, I'm enjoying rapid
advancement of technology and and reduction of cost at an almost
exponential rate (price a pentium 66mhz or 28.8kbps modem back in
June and now. Amazing isn't it?)
   Have you ever given any thought to how you'd run a global
economic system based on the idea that "everything will be free,
people will do the right thing, and you will get the goods
you want and need automagically?"
   Huh? Isn't it Chomsky who has the conspiracy theories, namely his
bogus theory that the media is conspiring to protect capitalists?
Chomsky may not be a totalitarian, but he certainly is deluded
when it comes to how an economy works, and how the media functions.
   Socialism is dead, all hail welfare statism.

@_date: 1994-10-05 13:44:35
@_author: Ray Cromwell 
@_subject: Re: Government vs. Markets 
Are you crazy? If you were allowed to opt out of government
standards and eat what you want, you'd be driving up healthcare
costs! That's unfair to your brothers and sisters! The government
will stop you anyway by requiring everyone to have quarterly checkups
and then have the medical records of people with unhealthy lifestyles
sent to them. If you refuse, you won't get to be in the government
healthcare system, which is only fair since you're driving up
everyone else's costs like a sociopath.
p.s. I hate to have to do this, but some people lack a sacasm detector,
so: ;-) ;-) ;-)
"Be very afraid, the Flavor Savor(tm) tomatoes are going to kill us

@_date: 1994-10-05 18:23:31
@_author: Ray Cromwell 
@_subject: Re: Government vs. Markets 
What is "economic coercion"?  Within the scope of schools,
teachers have a "monopoly" on the means of educational coercion. Within
the scope of church, preachers have a "monopoly" on the means of religious
coercion. Within the scope of the home, parents have a "monopoly" on
the means of parental coercion. Are you seriously suggesting
that any of these structures even compare to a government? Do you
know what a monopoly is? You analogy doesn't hold water. It's like
saying "within the scope of the people who patronize my store, I have
a monopoly." Typical of socialists, they are unfamilar with economics
and resort to semantic games. A monopoly is defined by (1) one seller, many buyers, and (2) restriction on entry.  Unless a corporation
has a monopoly on its market, it exists within a job market
as one of many sellers. So unless your skills are very specialized
and *only* that corporation supplies jobs needing that skill,
in no sense does a corporation have exclusive control over livelihoods.
However, specializing in a skill that not many people want to buy is
as much your fault anyway. Finally, one doesn't have to work for
a corporation anyway, it's a red herring. There are 4 million corporations in this country but 14 million small businesses.
  Trying to let governments off the hook because one can "move
elsewhere" doesn't let them off the hook. For one thing, it ignores
the fact that some governments *prevent* you from moving elsewhere
(whereas, no corporation in a free market has the legal authority to
stop you from quitting).  Secondly, it ignores the transaction cost
differences between switching jobs and switching countries. Third,
barrier to entry is extraordinarily high -- try starting your own
government vs starting your own corporation. Finally, there are
19 million businesses in this country to choose from, whereas
there are only a handful of countries to move to. Governments have
an oligopoly on countries.
   I thought it was 49 cents an hour, however, no one ever accused
a socialist knowing the facts. BTW, what's the cost of living
in maquiladora. You know that comparing wages between different
areas without purchasing power corrections is nonsense, don't you?
   If they're forced via guns, it isn't exactly a free market isn't it?
Actually, it sounds like state socialism.
   Then why don't you? What's stopping you from working for yourself? If you don't like the services your employer is providing you
(workplace, tools, investment management, capital contributions, etc)
and you don't have the ambition or skills to work for yourself, stop
whining. If you have any computer skills at all, you can work for yourself
without a large amount of capital. My sister got her CS and degree,
did some consulting for a consulting firm, and after she aquired
the skills, she quit and started doing her own consulting. She now
works from home. In most small businesses, the workers are near
partners with the management (and often earn equivalent wages)
  Simple: businesses are not governments. There is very little common
ground between them. Governments operate by force alone, governments
can prevent you from leaving, a business in a free market can't. You can found your own business, you can't found your own government.
Businesses operate by selling products to people who voluntarily
buy them. Governments operate by stealing your money at gunpoint.

@_date: 1994-10-06 17:52:54
@_author: Ray Cromwell 
@_subject: Re: Government vs. Markets 
[I do not get my politics from Heinlein novels, I got my politics from
classical economists. My knowledge of personal interaction comes from
years of interacting with net.kooks]
   Perhaps it was a hasty generalization, but a typical tactic
of leftists I have observed, from experience debating in
political newsgroups and in their own literature, is that they like to redefine things so it suits their own purpose. When you're
debating economics and politics, you do not get to make
"monopoly", "coercion", "profit", "wage", etc mean anything you
want.  Another tendency is that they tend to be ignorant of
economics so that they do not understand concepts like
opportunity cost, comparitive advantage, rational expectations, and therefore discussing economics gets you know where because
all the tools of analysis are removed. How can you analyze
the statement "everyone will share everything, everything will be free"
from an economic viewpoint? It is a religious statement with no
  What if the original poster had said "5 cents an hour + daily
whippings delivered by a wall street capitalist?" The point is, his
figures were overblown. That is one of Chomsky's main criticisms
of western media, such as their numbers on the number of deaths
in cambodia. If you use propaganda language, expect to be flamed on it.
NOW pulled the same when they clamed 150,000 women die every year
from anorexia and SuperBowl Sunday has the highest rate of spousal
abuse during the year. Both were completely made up figures.

@_date: 1994-10-06 18:05:32
@_author: Ray Cromwell 
@_subject: Re: Demonizing Denning 
Demonizing Denning might not be a total waste of time. It often works
in politics, so if Denning were more in the public eye, it might be
effective. If Denning were ever to be appointed to public office, say
as a head of cryptopolicy (if said position is ever created), ad
hominem attacks could be a successful tool for activism.
  My personal opinion is Denning is a well-meaning pawn, and the real
people to worry about are those who are hidden from our view who
are making cryptopolicy. Look at the NII proposal and its tracable digicash clause. Someone had to be amending this stuff, and it's not Al Gore.
