
@_date: 1997-09-17 05:55:57
@_author: The Real Guy 
@_subject: New Developments in Fascist Mind Control 
I have some amazing news to report!
  After considerable research, I have developed two technological tools
which can be used to manipulate and control the minds of practically
all living humans.
  One tool serves the purpose of seizing control of the individual's attention and putting them into a hypnotic state of consiousness where
they can be manipulated into a narrow mind-set.
  The other tool is designed to store and analyze a wide range of data
about every aspect of an individual's life, in order to enhance the
effectiveness of the first tool.
  While I initially had worries that these two tools might possibly be
used by people with bad intentions to seize control of mankind and
enrich themselves beyound belief, I found, after closer study, that the two tools I have invented already exist, and have not been used
for these evil ends, to date.
  Since TV's and Computers have not been abused, so far, in an attempt
by those greedy for power and money to manipulate the people into a
position where they can be enslaved and oppressed, I feel that there
is no possibility of this happening in the future, despite the ravings
of a few wild-eyed conspiracy theorists.
  I mean, get real, eh?
The Real Guy

@_date: 1997-09-17 12:28:24
@_author: The Real Guy 
@_subject: Fuck them all. Lock and load. Rock and roll. / Re: Liberals and their tacit 
I know for a fact that the Spooks had nothing to do with Richard
Nixon recording every dirty deal that took place in the White House.
I know for a fact that they certainly wouldn't use all that criminal
information for blackmail.
  I know for a fact that they wouldn't spy on politicians and major
financial figures, or take advantage of nefariously gained information
in order to increase their money and power.
  People who smoke dope, dodge the draft, commit adultery, and perform
financial fraud while govenor get to be elected President all the time,
and nobody ever tries to 'control' them, or manipulate them in any way.
I know all of this because I'm
The Real Guy,
"I used to be The Bad Lie until I got caught cheating at golf
 and was nominated for the Presidency."
