
@_date: 1998-09-30 20:16:03
@_author: RedRook 
@_subject: RE: GPL & commercial software, the critical distinction (fwd) 
Please elaborate. Netscape works fine on Windows 98, and faces the
same restrictions with installation that original Windows 95 had. As for Java, Java works as well on Windows as on any other platform. It's funny how giving the customers more value for their money, always
ends up being anti-competative. It's a thorny issue that's not easy to
deal with. Especially with Microsoft. They have such a large pool of
source code, so many employees, and such an effective distribution
network, that they can quickly add a jillion features to any program,
and make so much money off of it, that it's difficult for anyone but a
multi-million dollar company to compete
And no, taking the browser out of Windows is not going to change that.
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-10-28 06:58:58
@_author: RedRook 
@_subject: Using a password as a private key. 
‚‚‚‚Assymetic crypto systems such as
Diffie-Hellman, El-Gamel, and DSS, allow the private key to be a
randomly chosen number. ‚But, as a cute hack, instead of using a
random number, for the private key, you could use a hash of the User
Name, and a password. Doing so allows the users to generate their private key on demand.
They don't have to store the private key, and if they want to work on
a another computer, they don't need to bring along a copy.‚
Has any one tried this? Is there existing software that does this? Any
comments on the security of such a scheme? ‚
The only draw back that I can think of is the potential lack of
randomness in the key. If the user chooses a bad password, it would be
possible to brute force the public key.‚
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at

@_date: 1998-10-30 17:17:59
@_author: RedRook 
@_subject: Re: don't use passwords as private keys (was Re: Using a password as a private key.) 
You don't know you have to destroy a key file, until it is too late.
Until then, it's just laying around waiting for some one to copy and
crack. If you are paranoid enough to assume your opponent is going to
torcher you to get your signature password, you should assume that he
already has your keyfile, and is willing to torcher you to get it's
Thus coercion and dicitonary attacks are moot points. That is, if your
password is good enough.
So, what's worse; guarding a high entopy password with a low entropy
password, or trying to memorize a high entropy password?
DO YOU YAHOO!?
Get your free  address at
