
@_date: 1997-09-13 09:44:45
@_author: She Devil With A Modem 
@_subject: Re: FCPUNX:Are we men or mice?  Re: House panel votes behind closed doors to build in Big Brother 
Also Sprach Ray Arachelian:
It is not just a right, it is very nearly almost a law of NATURE. Not
just a creation of logic, but a certainty that cannot be compensated for
or guarded against. Don't get distracted by wasting too much time in inappropriate places.
My definition of "inappropriate places" being "places that do not yield enough information perceived as useful". The people who are viewed as the "enemy" here have a hell of a lot more
experience judging the value of information as a weapon. (Not that this
should be discouraging, just taken into consideration.) The weapon can
and does become useless, especially if it concerns personal information,
if the person involved has the emotional strength to be able to resist
emotional blackmail. An enormous victory can be won by the STRONG, who are capable of withstanding personal attack in this regard and causing the enemy to
waste enormous amounts of their time trying to accomplish impossible
goals of erosion on individual self esteem. If you believe that this is mere paranoia, I urge you to make a serious
examination of the circumstances of Alan Turing's death. As cypherpunks,
you should all be interested enough to do so. His death and the shady
circumstance surrounding it are a thing to be learned from.
There is a certain amount of quality control that the cypherpunks are
doing for the intelligence agencies, and those same are perfectly willing to allow you to continue to do that...for now. Nor is it any
coincidence that (I'm sure) some of you have been approached by said
places with terms of employment and/or indoctrination.
And of course this publicly available list is well populated with
people who are perfectly willing to spam it with controversial and
time-wasting rhetoric, designed to make those of you who are good at
coding angry enough to waste your time denouncing their "chaff" instead. You are not dealing with either stupid or moral people when it comes
to TLAs. Remember this, please. Once I believed in this country enough
to die for it, I believed their propaganda and their lies. That was before I got a good eyeful of the incompetence, cruel lack of concern for human lives, the obsession with power and the selfish greed that
permeates the American military; the unnamed "fourth branch" of our government; the sort of people who would allow a five BILLION dollar
facility in Maryland to be built for their pleasure while people in
New York and Los Angeles and Austin and Chicago - CITIES IN THE SAME
COUNTRY THEY HAVE SUPPOSEDLY SWORN TO DEFEND - are dying of starvation,
drug addiction, poor medical care, and the odd police brutality incident!
I ask, no, I BEG you now, those of you who have the power to fight this:
retain your individualistic morals and let no one subvert them by any means, because they are TRULY what our country was founded upon! I still
believe in those ideals, yes - in SPITE of my exposure to the pack of
misguided, selfish, greedy sons of bitches who have managed after two
hundred years to turn it into a travesty of what it once was, and what
it once meant to me.
Don't let them jam you with their chaff! Ignore the bullshit and THINK!
It's the LAST thing THEY want you to do!

@_date: 1998-05-19 20:08:20
@_author: She Devil With A Modem 
@_subject: Suit with braindead tie 
Also Sprach Anonymous:
I wonder if anyone else has picked up on the "Braindead military action" of awarding Microsoft the dubiously coveted intelligence desktop? It may not be as braindead as you think.
Yes, if standard kickbacks and BS occur as they have in the past
(those who are not free to speak about the mistakes of the past may be doomed to see them repeated) then technical support for
the poor troopies required to maintain the shitty, buggy NT ports
may end up making "Blue Screen Of Death" have an entirely new and
sad meaning. It's sad that the lack of the intelligence community's
desire to police itself as much as it would like to police America's
generic civilians results in the sort of kickbacking that yields
inferior weaponry, but I guess if they don't address that it will
end up biting them in the ass. And yes, that is indeed indicative of a braindead military, led by the supreme oxymoron of a braindead
military intelligence community, where the dutiful are asked to turn their eyes away (for reasons of classification, of course)
from the acts of the greedy. But assume for a moment that it might be the military and not M$oft
that holds the leash on the contract. Imagine a Microsoft that has sold it's soul to the US Intel community. Couldn't happen to a
nicer company, don't you think? Microsoft HAVING to port their NT
stuff to the Unix boxes that hold the databases and the communications
servers. Microsoft HAVING to provide a certain amount of "mission critical" tech support. Microsoft HAVING to deal with adapting to the real world, rather than forcing the world to adapt to it.
This could be the beginning of a beautiful "friendship". >;-7
