
@_date: 1993-08-17 20:30:28
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: No Subject 
> From: pmetzger ("Perry E. Metzger")
   > To:   "L. Detweiler"  > *we* *are* our government. How can it not be more obvious? What does it
 > say about our character if we are resigned to deprivation?
Yes, absolutely.  This discussion may be considered tangential, but the
issue here is at the core of the cypherpunks raison d'etre.  Detweiller
seems to be tremendously confused about the source of government and
unaware of the emergence of the American State.  I personally feel that
I have zero representation in what passes for our "democratic"
government for the reasons you mention, exactly.  I find myself amazed
to encounter the numbers of "mainstream Americans" who have gradually
come to the same conclusion, independent of outside prompting.
My only hope, personally, is to fight vigorously (perhaps literally, in
due course) for the maintenance of the Bill of Rights as protection
against the tyranny of _both_ the mob and the State.  I personally see
the prospect of an electronic so-called democracy to be terrifying, a
mechanism whose technical subversion would be trivial for the State's
assets, say the NSA.  Simple manipulation by propaganda would be even
easier.  Read Orwell.  Read Zamyatin.
Cypherpunks are providing the basis for long-range, (relatively) secure
communication between those activists and thinkers who may have the
power to bring down the State and restore the individual autonomy this
nation was originally devised to foster.  In the past year I have had
the privilege to see a de facto cadre of brilliant men and women
develop from formerly isolated individuals, all thanks to computer
networks and the emergence of secure communication.  I have found
answers to questions I have been asking for twenty-five years, and
provided information that answered similar questions for others.  I have
seen the product of these private communications develop into public
statements that have demonstrably influenced the political outlooks of
hundreds, perhaps thousands, of casual computer network users.
The ability of computer networks and secure communication has in itself
empowered and radicalized an otherwise disenfranchised body of valuable
and vital Americans.
Really, this is heady stuff.  It gives me reason to stick around and
watch this country for a few more years.

@_date: 1994-01-16 09:26:01
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: The Detweiler Saga 
once again, I am getting tired of trying to convince people that don't
really give a damn and would rather amuse themselves by inventing new
ways of calling me insane. I am tired of hearing the deafening silence
of thousands of lurkers saying, quite eloquently, .  How Wrong I Have Been.  So wrong.
We always took Detweiler for granted.  Our rock.  Our knight.  Will now our beloved Atlas shrug?  Yea, will our prophet fall?  You presence filled the heavens.  You were without beginning middle or end.  no one and a star stand am to am
flaming dream to dreaming flame
millionary wherewhens distant as reckoned by the unimmortal mind
Those words come back to me as I reflect on our salad days, together in Prague, before the revolution.  All, zorn.  All, zorn.
And I remember what you wrote, that dark day, and I remember the sound of the T-62's as if we were there again...
the sunlight in the garden
hardens and grows cold
we cannot cage the minute
within its nets of gold
when all is *told*
we cannot BEG for PARDON
THE SKY WAS GOOD FOR FLYING
DEFYING THE CHURCH BELLS!
AND EVERY  _EVIL_ _IRON_ _SIREN_
AND WHAT IT TELLS
THE EARTH
(How those words haunt me now.  How they haunt me.)
I may focus on more damaging counterrevolutionary
tactics soon and just give up on the BrainDead out here. I have tried to
start a fire but get nothing but wet drizzle. soon I will wash my hands
of it all completely, having done all I can, and the cyberanarchists will
advance unhindered to an internet site near you.
Every word burns like a knife across raw nerves. His radiance is blinding now! (o deliver me deliver me)
O Lance, I can see your eyes shining; with an open mouth you glitter in an array of colors, and your body touches the sky.  I look at you and my heart trembles; I have lost all courage and all peace of mind.  When I see your mouths with their fearful teeth, mouths burning like fires at the end of time, I forget where I am and I have no place to go.  I see our warriors and all the cryptonihilists who are here to fight.  All are rushing into your awful jaws!  I see some of them crushed by your teeth.  As rivers flow into the ocean, all the warriors of the world are passing into your fiery jaws; all creatures rush to their destruction like moths into a flame.  Filled with your terrible radiance, the whole of creation bursts into flame!!
You have murdered me.  murdered me murdered me murdered me murdered me
george william herbert                                           gwh
Work: System / Net Administrator, CR Labs         Home/Play: Retro Aerospace
KD6WUQ     gwh    gwh    gwh
deltaV = g * Isp * ln(Mr) ... it's not just a good idea, it's the Law

@_date: 1994-01-23 06:36:34
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: REMAILER WARS: 
NEXT DETWEILER I WILL BE PUBLISHING PERL NNTP CLIENT CODE
WHICH ANYONE WILL BE ABLE TO USE ON AN UNGUARDED NNTP SERVER
TO PRODUCE FORGED CANCEL, REDIRECTS AND ARMM(AUTOMATIC RETROACTIVE
MINIMAL MODERATION) FUNCTIONS  OF RICHARD DEPEW FAME...
 ANY ONE WILL BE ABLE TO SILENCE YOU COMPLETELY ON THE WORLD WIDE BACKBONE...
THE TOOLS PUBLISHED IN alt.hackers TO SILENCE THE BABBLE OF THE
HOLOCAUST REVISTIONISTS WILL BE DRAGGED OUT AND REPOSTED CUSTOMIZED FOR
ALL OF YOUR ACCOUNTS... CROSSPOSTED TO HELL ANONYMOUSLY
THE INFORMATION BROKER TENTACLES ADVERTISING ON THE INTERNET
ARE RESEARCHING EVERY PUBLIC AND MANY PRIVATE RECORDS THEY CAN
GET THEIR HANDS ON...
BET YOU CANT GUESS WHERE IT WILL BE POSTED OR TO WHOM...
AND HOW MANY DIMES ARE DROPPING INTO HOW MANY HOTLINE NUMBERS
TO REPORT YOUR INFRACTIONS OF THE LAW...:)
REMEMBER YOU ARE THE ONE WHO WANTED TO PLAY 'JOAN OF ARC'
REMEMBER THAT AS I SINGE YOU IN TO TOAST!!!
      LOVE       MEDUSA
P.S. ASSHOLE APOLOGISE IMMEDIATELY REMAILER BLOCK FOLLOWS
STOP POSTING UNSOLCITED MAIL TO cypherpunks OR THE LIST OR I
WILL START BEING EXPLICIT WITH THE INFO PULLED BY THE
INFORMATION BROKERS AND FURTHER POINTERS TO YOUR ACCOUNTS AND EXPOSURE
WILL OCCUR IN THE NEXT ASSULT WAVE OF MY TENTACLES(MILLIONSS
REALLY LD TRUST ME :)
APLOGIZE AT ONCE!!!
I MUST HAVE THAT APOLOGY IMMEDIATELY OR FURTHER ACTIONS WILL FOLLOW!
--------8<--cut here-->8--------
Encrypted: PGP
<To reply, save everything below the "cut here" marks above
<into another file.  Type your reply here (below the blank <line three lines above!) and mail to hfinney

@_date: 1994-01-28 03:03:02
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: HTTP 1.1 and Mosaic 2.2 support PEM/PGP authentication 
FLASH: HTTP 1.1 and Mosaic 2.2 support PEM/PGP Authentication
Mosaic Pages for http 1.1 for PEM/PGP auth
 Using PGP/PEM encryption
This document is formatted roughly like a FAQ. Here are the section headings:    What is PGP/PEM encryption?    How are they used in HTTP?    What do I need to use it?    How do the keys get distributed?    How bulletproof is it?    Installation: server side.    Installation: client side.    What does the protocol look like? What is PGP/PEM encryption?
PGP and PEM are programs to allow you and a second party to communicate in a way
which does not allow third parties to read them, and which certify that the
person who sent the message is really who they claim they are. PGP and PEM both use RSA encryption. The U.S. government has strict export
controls over foreign use of this technology, so people outside the U.S. may
have a difficult time finding programs which perform the encryption. How are they used in HTTP?
We have implemented a system by which NCSA Mosaic and NCSA httpd call external
programs which encrypt and decrypt their communications and thus provide secure
communications between the server and the client and ensure that a user is who
he/she says they are. This system currently has hooks for PEM encryption as well
as PGP encryption. As interest in this area grows, more will most likely be
added. What do I need to use it?
You will need a working copy of either Pretty Good Privacy or RIPEM to begin
with. You should be familiar with the program and have generated your own
public/private key pair. You should be able to use the TIS/PEM program with the PEM authorization type. I
haven't tried it. This tutorial is written assuming that you are using RIPEM. How do the keys get distributed?
Currently, we have implemented this protocol with PEM and PGP using local key
files on the server side, and on the client side with PEM using finger to
retrieve the server's public key. As you can tell, parties who wish to use Mosaic and httpd with PEM or PGP
encryption will need to communicate beforehand and find a tamper-proof way to
exchange their public keys. How bulletproof is it?
Pioneers get shot full of arrows. This work is currently in the experimental
stages and thus may have some problems that I have overlooked. There aren't any
that I can see but I've been looking at it for a long time. There may be some
quirks in the additions to Mosaic and httpd as well. In particular, error
recovery is not always as helpful as it could be. The only known problem that I know about is that the messages are currently not
timestamped. This means that a malicious user could record your encrypted
message with a packet sniffer and repeat it back to the server ad nauseum.
Although they would not be able to read the reply, if the request was something
you were being charged for, you may have a large bill to pay by the time they're
through. Installation: The Server Side
First, you must compile httpd with CFLAGS set to -DPEM_AUTH. This will enable
the PEM and PGP authentication directives. Next, look in the support/auth directory. This directory contains your
encryption and decryption scripts, as well as bins for your remote users' public
keys. Edit ripem-dec, ripem-enc, pgp-enc, and pgp-dec and follow the instructions
therein. You need not set up PGP if you don't plan to use it, and same with
RIPEM. Now, edit your server configuration file, usually conf/httpd.conf. You will want
to add three new directives for PGP and three new directives for PEM depending
on which you plan to use (or both). PEMEncryptCmd /usr/local/etc/httpd/auth/ripem-enc
PGPEncryptCmd /usr/local/etc/httpd/auth/pgp-enc
These directives change what executables httpd will look for when it is trying
to encrypt its reply to a client. Edit the pathnames to taste.
PEMDecryptCmd /usr/local/etc/httpd/auth/ripem-dec
PGPDecryptCmd /usr/local/etc/httpd/auth/pgp-dec
These directives change what executables httpd will look for when it is trying
to decrypt the client's request. PEMServerEntity webmaster
PGPServerEntity webmaster
These directives set your entity name. This should be the same as the name you
place on the public/private keys you generate for your server. If you make these
directives different than the key names, your server and its client will become
hopelessly confused. You are now ready to protect directories of your server with this authorization
scheme. For a directory you want to protect, you should first set its AuthType. Use AuthType PGP for a directory you are protecting with PGP and AuthType PEM for a
directory you are protecting with PEM.
The require directive accepts key names as its arguments. The AuthGroupFile
directive is valid as well, to create groups of keys. A full example: AuthType PEM
AuthGroupFile /httpd/.htgroup-pem
Options None
require user robm
require group pemusers
Let's say /httpd/.htgroup-pem reads: pemusers: pls In this case, this directory will be protected with
PEM encryption and will require that only users robm and
pls be allowed to access that directory. Installation: the Client Side
First, get a copy of Mosaic/X 2.2. If it hasn't been released yet, be patient.
Compile it with -DPEM_AUTH to enable PEM/PGP authentication.
Follow the instructions in each of the scripts in the auth subdirectory to
customize them to your setup. There are six new X resources which have been defined for PEM/PGP
authentication. They are: Mosaic*pemEncrypt: /X11/robm/Mosaic/auth/ripem-enc
Mosaic*pemDecrypt: /X11/robm/Mosaic/auth/ripem-dec
Mosaic*pemEntity: robm
Mosaic*pgpEncrypt: /X11/robm/Mosaic/auth/pgp-enc
Mosaic*pgpDecrypt: /X11/robm/Mosaic/auth/pgp-dec
Mosaic*pgpEntity: robm
You should change the Encrypt and Decrypt entries to reflect where you are going
to install your encryption and decryption crypts. You should change the Entity
lines to the key name you have given the server maintainers for yourself. If you
don't, bad things will happen. What does the protocol look like?
This protocol is almost word-for-word a copy of Tony Sander's RIPEM based
scheme, generalized a little. Below, wherever you see PEM you can replace it
with PGP and get the same thing.
Client: GET /docs/protected.html HTTP/1.0
UserAgent: Mosaic/X 2.2
Server: HTTP/1.0 401 Unauthorized
WWW-Authenticate: PEM entity="webmaster
Server: NCSA/1.1
Client: GET / HTTP/1.0
Authorized: PEM entity="robm
--- BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE ---
this is the real request, encrypted
--- END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE ---
Server: HTTP/1.0 200 OK
--- BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE ---
this is the real reply, encrypted
--- END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE ---
That's it. Almost all of this stuff is my fault (including the implementations), so direct
comments about it to me. Rob McCool, robm

@_date: 1994-02-02 20:01:04
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: PGPTools Minor Bug 
There is a minor bug in PGPTOOLS.C which needs to be fixed. In pgp_extract_rsa, two lines need to be added. This variable was not being
cleared. When the precision was later set to max, there was garbage left
in the high-order bytes of the mpi. This caused the size of the MPI to be
wrong, and the function would not decrypt 2.2 or earlier packets. It could
also occasionally fail to decrypt a 2.3 packet. Sorry about that.
int pgp_extract_rsa(struct fifo *f,byte ideakey[16],
     struct pgp_pubkey *pk,struct pgp_seckey *sk)
struct mpi *p=safemalloc(sizeof(struct mpi));
struct mpi *c=safemalloc(sizeof(struct mpi));
unit *dp=safemalloc(sizeof(unitarr));
unit *dq=safemalloc(sizeof(unitarr));
unit *temp=safemalloc(sizeof(unitarr));
byte result;
word16 checksum=0;
byte *pp;
byte type;
word32 length;
set_precision(MAX_UNIT_PRECISION);        <--------- ADD
mp_burn(p->value);                        <--------- ADD

@_date: 1994-02-05 01:35:22
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: He's baaaaack! 
Just when you thought it was safe to go back on the internet...
He's baaaaack! Remailer operators, please lock him out now, before he
does whatever he is getting ready to do. Better yet, set it up so when
he sends to a remailer, he gets back a hundred copies, and one gets
forwarded to his sysadmin with his name on it.

@_date: 1994-02-06 21:30:32
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: PGP Tools tester needed 
I tested PGP Tools with the  in place to force all set_precisions
to max unit precision. There didn't seem to be any speed difference, even
with a 384-bit key. If this works okay, it could probably be left the way
it is. Someone with a big-endian machine, please compile the new version when it arrives, and see if it works. Thank you.
                                            Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-07 01:30:32
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: More on Magic Money attack 
(I sent that last message before receiving Hal's response)
But what does MPJ think of getting a 400K mailbomb? If you object, MPJ,
feel free to flame me and I'll stop sending them.
Someone please do. I can make the changes as needed tomorrow, if someone
posts the math results. I am anxious to play with a real live digicash
system, and transferring money between two directories on my hard drive
does not count.
Whoever has the Knuth book, please check this out. Maybe we should patent
this solution, if it works, and make Chaum pay us, since he patented his
blind signature protocol. :-)
                                                Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-07 22:50:42
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: PGP Tools Debugging 
The bug was in my code, not in mpilib, but the need to set precision can
be a real pain. I've been plagued by intermittent bugs caused by mpis not
being completely cleared or fully calculated out. Since modexp does it
automatically, I'm just going to set it to max. If you or someone else with
both types of machines wants to fix that, feel free. I don't have the
means to do so, and it's been my experience that writing code you can't
test is a waste of time.
PTD is a kludge. There are no similar dependencies in the library itself.
PTD was just written as needed to test the rest of the library, and was not
intended to be a usable application. You can either put in  for your
machine, or set up another module with the needed globals. I just wanted to
code around the need for timezone stuff and get the test code working.
I've got another version of PGP Tools ready which removes most of the
set_precision stuff, and a version of Magic Money which checks the whole
coin when it receives it. There are a few more changes for Magic Money,
but I should be mailing out soon. Someone wrote that they had success with
a big-endian machine - whew! and thanks for testing it.
                                             Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-11 23:54:13
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: Magic Money bug removed 
Thank you for finding this one. That was not a big-endian problem, that
was simple stupidity on my part. When I added the coinid field to the
protocoin structure, I forgot to move the free(pc); down to the next line.
So the coinid was getting freed and then written. Version E is on its way
to csn.org. By the way MPJ, did you get pgptl10b?
free(pc);  <-------------------- DUMB MISTAKE
free(c);         <-------------- MOVE IT HERE!

@_date: 1994-02-16 07:40:14
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: Magic Money and Remailers 
Magic Money will have to be modified for that use. As it works now,
clients A and B are using a common server S's coins. Client A wants to
pay client B some money. Client A sends client B the coins. Client B
sends the coins along with new, blinded but unsigned coins, to server S.
Server S checks the old coins, signs the new ones, and sends them back
to client B.
This leaves two options:
A) The remailer is the server. In this case, you don't need Magic Money,
just a straightforward blind signature system, and I could write that if
someone could describe in detail what they want it to do. The remailer operator could write it too, using PGP Tools and Magic Money source code as a basis.
B) There is a third party server, and all remailers use its coins. In this
case, the remailers have to mail the coins to the server and get the server
to verify the coins before remailing the message. A good way to set up a
time lag, but pretty complicated for an all-automatic system (the client
would have to be modified, too) and lost mail from the server would wreck
the system. First someone has to set up a Magic Money server, which so far
nobody has.
Magic Money isn't too bad in security. It uses Chaum online cash: a random
number x, MD5(x) put in a properly padded signature packet and blindsigned by the server, and different e/d pairs for different denominations. Messages to the server are encrypted with the server's PGP key, and the
server's replies are encrypted with the client's PGP key (provided in the
original message) and signed with the server's key.
Right now it's designed to allow people to pass coins between each other, but the code could be hacked to accept coins automatically. I have mixed
emotions about pay-per access (to remailers or anything else) but I am
interested enough in seeing digital cash experimentation to write the code
now and worry about the ideology later.
Everyone would use the free remailers rather than pay $2. Both Chaum and
RSA would jump on you if real money was involved. What about just having
a finite number of stamps going around, to prevent mailbombing?
Here's an anonymity-breaking attack I've been worrying about:
In an untraceable digicash system, deposits cannot be matched to withdrawals,
so the bank cannot find out where a customer spends money. However, the bank
in collaboration with a payer can determine who deposits a particular coin.
Suppose you are providing a non-approved service or product, using remailers
and digital cash to protect your identity. Someone wants to trace you. All
they have to do is set up a sting: buy your service with coins which are recorded, and get the bank to identify who cashes in those coins. To prevent this, the bank cannot know who deposits particular coins. The bank cannot
know who any of its accountholders are.
Being an accountless system, Magic Money can be operated through a remailer.
But Magic Money is an online system. Offline systems depend on the bank knowing who the customers are, and being able to punish them for double spending. How could an offline system be made immune to this attack?
I don't know about remailers, but I wish someone would set up a Magic Money
server. I haven't heard much about Magic Money on the list lately. That
could be good (the code works) or bad (nobody cares). Which is it?
BTW the latest versions are PGPTL10C and MGMNY10E.
                                               Pr0duct Cypher

@_date: 1994-02-16 21:10:28
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: No Subject 
subject: xenon == ld?
think about it...
infiltrate and subvert,
of course that would be subverting the perverts, but anyway...
raven red

@_date: 1994-02-16 23:35:17
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: CA DMV Records Confidential? NOT! 
No matter WHAT California Privacy Law cueently states about the confidentiality
of DMV records Home addresses and such... its STILL trivial to get the info from
the DMV in a semi-legal way(Social Engineering...)
   Faked Insurance Investigator Letterhead created on your
Laser Printer and an out of State PO Box work wonders...
or simply subscribe to NCI, Nighthawk, Superbureau or any number
of info brokers... then you can get it ONLINE...
   Anon

@_date: 1994-02-25 23:15:35
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: DH Exchange Code / Magic Money comments 
DH Exchange announcement follows these comments on mpd's message.
                                                Pr0duct Cypher
Have they changed the .h files? My compiler isn't missing any functions
when I compile it.
Blaaah. I didn't have stdlib compiled into that module, so I didn't
notice this one.
There is a prototype for it in pgptools.h
Is this bad? I thought a function pointer didn't really care, as long
as you called it correctly.
I know, mine complains about that too, but it's a common programming
technique and there is nothing wrong with it. I've been ignoring that
particular warning.
Yes, when fifo.c includes pgpmem.h, it notices that in one of the
prototypes in that function. But the only function fifo calls within
pgpmem is safemalloc, so it doesn't matter. I didn't want every file
to include every other file, although it has been hard to avoid.
MPILIB has not been altered. It is the same as in PGP. PLATFORM appears
to set the appropriate modmult, but I usually define UPTON because SMITH
has given me some problems in the past.
This I hadn't noticed. You have to define NO_ASM or compile in 8086.asm.
Also define MSDOS and SMALL_MEM and DYN_ALLOC for an MSDOS machine. Take
a look at the PGP 2.3a project file.
True. I noticed this after writing the prototype. The public key might
be useful in the future if the modexp is changed, so I left it in.
I screwed up here. I meant to include the time in the hash and forgot
to put in the call to time. I just sent an update to csn.org to fix this
one, because it could reduce the entropy of the randomizer. Time was
already factored into the initialize, so it wasn't a killer, but it
badly needed fixing. Thanks for finding it.
What are you running, a Cray? My machine takes quite a few seconds to run the
server. How do you include this fast timer register? Not all machines have it, so doing so would be very machine dependent. You could put in ifdefs for the PC. I think PGP has this.
Yeah, I know, and so does fifo.c in PGP Tools. I hate error checking.
If I put in safe read and write calls, what do I do if they fail? You
could do this easily with some defines, if you have the error recovery
code in mind.
Thanks for pointing out that bug, and especially for setting up a Magic
Money server.

@_date: 1994-05-05 18:11:15
@_author: remailer bogus account 
@_subject: Marked_Money 
Is there a way of marking digital coins, so the depositor
can be identified?
