
@_date: 1996-08-13 02:37:59
@_author: Michael Reusch 
@_subject: No Subject 
is now doing internet telephony ( Who isn't?  They have developed a
set of voice morphing tools ( and I quote:
"Morph-It offers an alternative. Morph-It allows multimedia developers and users to actually change, in real time, the character of encoded speech by altering resonance, pitch, timbre and other voice personality elements. With Morph-It, pitch and resonance can be altered independently. All these changes can be made and saved using a simple editor, and transformed voices can be stored as easy-to-apply VoiceFonts.
Morph-It can be used for a variety of purposes: Multiple voice personalities can be created from a single voice recording.
Users in "real-time" applications can disguise or alter their voices to enhance game- and Vocal character can be easily transformed into virtually any form, whether from male to female, or from a child's to an adult's." End quote.
I have not heard it work. Imagine drunken suits, in karioki bars, sounding like drunken Pavarottis,  disk jockeys whose true voices are nasel whines, talking-heads and telemarketers using highly tuned voice-clones, home-alone children answering the phone as John Wayne.

@_date: 1997-05-07 03:16:53
@_author: "Michael  F. Reusch" 
@_subject: CBD - DEA - TELEPHONE MONITORING DEVICE 
Commerce Business Daily, April 30, 1997
Drug Enforcement Administration, Office of Acquisition Management, 700 Army Navy Drive, Arlington, Virginia 22202
58 -- SOURCES SOUGHT -- TELEPHONE MONITORING DEVICE SOL 97-SP0453 POC
Yolanda Jordan, Purchasing Agent, (202) 307-7805 The Drug Enforcement
Administration (DEA) is seeking to identify qualified sources to provide a
telephone data recording system which will provide management with the
following: 1) provides for centralized management; 2) has synchronized agent directories; 3) multiple leveled and layered, user profile security;
4) a strategic framework to support future functionality 5) easy-to-use for users; 6) automate and simplify the entire monitoring process of voice and data; 7) provide an objective approach to personnel evaluation and analysis; 8) provide insight into the effectiveness of the software applications and
hardware systems being used by employees;
9) provide a training tool for employees, classroom environments and peer
group sessions; 10) provide a means for fraud detection; 11) work in oracle local area network. this system shall perform on-line
evaluation, product data, analysis/report of telephone conversations and
customer account screens across a wide area network. This information will also need to provide storage for data for three to
six months. This announcement is not a Request for Proposal or Request for
Quotation. there is no solicitation/RFQ available. We request that
interested sources submit a capability statement that clearly identifies
their capabilities by May 27, 1997 to U.S. Department of Justice, Drug
Enforcement Administration, 700 Army Navy Drive, Arlington, VA 22202, Attn:
Yolanda Jordan. Any questions should be directed to Ms. Yolanda Jordan at
202-307-7805. DEA does not intend to award a contact on the basis of this
request for information or otherwise pay for the information solicited.
