
@_date: 1998-10-25 02:17:12
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Mad Monger Artist 
Oct. 24,
Some Mad Artist had let loose. In a wild fit, the world was spattered in
colors and textures that no sound mind could ever hope of even dreaming
of. Reality was being stretched to its limits, and beyond. On this
autumn day, the world was on fire. Sunlight was illuminating every
particle, every particle was humming, each collision was a spark. The
sparks flashed beyond the field and periphery of my conception.
I drew the curtains on the meager, pale distraction of fall foliage
outside my window, and got back to reading "The latest news from Toto",
or "The Keyboard as a Long/Bottleneck."
Then, Mr. Young's disclosure, DoJ's "Shared Traits of Potential
Assassins:" Sometimes you see those "Wanted's" posted in the post office
and think, "Jeeze, looks a little like me." Then you try to remember
where you were during all those blackouts and fuzzy periods. Well, I
looked at DoJ's STOPAsses and thought ( with a Homer Simpsonesque voice
balloon appearing above my head), "That, ...sounds like me."
My next thought was more comforting, Gov'STOPA was a description of the
species in general; both in suits and out, behind the counter and
before, in front of the camera and behind the scope, in the
(gas)chambers and on the lever/gavel. But hey, admitting you fit the
profile is kinda like raising your hand. So I'll sit quietly in the back
of the class and read the deaththreats carved on the desktops.
Who's Toto gonna be on Halloween?

@_date: 1998-10-25 05:18:22
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Sniper Kills N.Y. Abortion Provider 
October 24, 1998
Sniper Kills N.Y. Abortion Provider
Filed at 2:48 p.m. EDT
By The Associated Press
AMHERST, N.Y. (AP) -- A sniper killed a doctor who performs abortions,
firing through the physician's kitchen window -- the first fatality among
five sniper attacks on upstate New York or Canadian abortion providers
in the last four years.
Before Slepian, three Canadian doctors and a doctor near Rochester,
N.Y., were shot and wounded since 1994. In each case, the doctors were
fired upon with a high-powered rifle through windows in their homes. Canadian
and American authorities issued safety tips to doctors on Tuesday.
A question for Mr. May. Many years ago, a friend and I were targeting
his new .223 at a rifle range in upstate NY, near Fairhaven. On leaving,
we discarded evidence of our lack of marksmanship in the trash. The bin
was full of pictures of windows, pulled from magazines and catalogs, that
had been used as targets. I don't remember abortionists being in any of
the photos. My friend said using photos in such a way was not unusual,
but it gave me a bit of the creeps. Windows as targets?

@_date: 1998-11-11 11:00:54
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Strange brew (was Off Topic But Truly Beautiful) 
[savagely pruned]
Satirization or prophesy, the walls are coming down. Whether they be the
borders of  nationstates or the dna of species, the boundaries that once
defined are now dissolving. Look for transgenic terrorists to engineer terror
down to the genetic level. Psilocybin from Saccharomyces, now that'll make a
heady wine. Developments along these lines are advancing in Brazil and South
Africa. Freeze dried packets (with psychedelic holographic label designs) are
available via mail order to csychomimetic enologists.

@_date: 1998-11-12 08:23:04
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Nationalized Public Radio 
National Public Radio (NPR) today announced the appointment of Kevin
Klose as the next President and CEO of NPR. His stint at The Washington
Post included a position as Moscow Bureau Chief. He is currently
Director of the US International Broadcasting Bureau (IBB).
No need to hide your shortwave under the floorboards anymore, Voice of
America is now on the FM airwaves. Story at:

@_date: 1998-11-16 10:25:43
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Satellites Brace for Space Storm 
AP story explains the real reason for the latest showdown with Iraq; Satellite
damage from a brush with the lion's tail, the Leonid meteor storm. America's
satellite fleet, born under a bad sign, will be sprinkled with high velocity
fairy dust in the wake of Comet Tempel-Tuttle. Communications satellites
and GPS face the highest risk. The latest Persian Gulf skirmish is mentioned
a couple times.
Apparently the loss of UN monitors and star-crossed destiny was too
much for US security interests. With the loss of satellite services a remote
possibility, reestablishment of UN monitoring was paramount.
Residents of Baghdad will look at the starry display as a chilling reminder
of who controls their destiny.
Satellites Brace for Space Storm
By Paul Recer
AP Science Writer

@_date: 1998-11-17 20:05:37
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Expect the expected 
While visiting the Goddard Space Flight Center's website at
(for some Leonid lowdown), you are given an antiMiranda inoculation and
subjected to a full cavity body search:
U.S. GOVERNMENT COMPUTER If not authorized to access
this system, disconnect now. YOU SHOULD HAVE NO EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY
By continuing, you consent to your keystrokes and data content being monitored.

@_date: 1998-11-21 12:53:01
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: 
[flying fuckfest snipped...]Oh shit! Bwahhaahaaa, HAHABWAAAHAHAAAA!!!DAMN! Now look what you made me do, I gotta change my pants.
Harumffff, BWFFFFAHAAHAAAAAA!!! Jeeezuz. Sheesh.
You go wash your mouth before you kiss your mother. Goddamn.
begin:          vcard
fn:             Rick Burroughs
n:              Burroughs;Rick
email;internet: riburr
x-mozilla-cpt:  ;0
x-mozilla-html: FALSE
version:        2.1
end:            vcard

@_date: 1998-11-22 04:52:48
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: "The FBI has become part of the heart, soul and fabric of America" 
The new Strategic Information an Operations Center is unveiled at FBI headquarters
in Washington, D.C. Counterterrorism, computer and violent crime units
have dibs on the center's resources. George Bush cut the ribbon and reporters
were given one last look at tax dollars before they cross over the event
horizon. Subject of this post is a quote from Attorney General Reno at
the unveiling.
Also, a press release from the DOJ (marked "Not For Release"), announcing
a photo op of the Attorney General with Brady "Instant Check" employees
at the FBI Complex at Clarksburg, WVa on thursday, Nov. 19. Photo op was
announced Nov. 18, media responses were required close of business the
same day. National Instant Check System for handgun, rifle and shotgun
sales begins operation on Nov. 30. I'm neutral on gun registration but the giant sucking sound from WVa
is bothering my chickens.

@_date: 1998-11-30 11:54:47
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Net control attempted at the local level (Va.) 
A couple of recent Washington Post articles demonstrate Virginia's attempt
at internet regulation. A case of restricting access to internet sites
by public libraries in Loudoun Co. was ruled against by a federal court:
A copy of the ruling:
Virginia's governor, James Gilmore III, has appointed a commission on
internet technology to recommend policies on guiding internet business
and protecting internet users. Guidelines are touted by state officials
as being the first in the nation to *protect* residents. Ratification of
the recommendations is scheduled to take place at the College of William
and Mary on wednesday, Dec. 2, 1998.
Draft agenda of the meeting to be held on Dec. 2, titled "The State's
Role in Responsible Internet Growth", is at:

@_date: 1998-11-30 12:26:56
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Net control attempted at the local level (Va.) 
Developing Internet Policy for Commonwealth, the first comprehensive state
internet legislation anywhere in the nation:

@_date: 1998-12-02 07:43:03
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: New Brady Bill Implications 
The NRA is claiming that the database of citizens who purchase guns legally is
prohibited by the Brady Bill. FBI claims it will be used for statistical purposes
only. What will the statistics be used for? In the near future, we might expect
anyone with more than 0.5 brain (among other handicaps) to fail the instant check.
Ahh, now I see why they call it the Brady Bill (sincere apologies to Mr. Brady).

@_date: 1998-12-02 21:51:04
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: I Got Mine 
I guess investigators have to take such things seriously, that's their job. I
believe CJ was just trying to establish dialogue with *authority* figures, real or
imagined, to satisfy a selfish need for aggrandizement. Well, he got his wish and it
swallowed him whole. May the saints preserve him.[...]
Constitutionally guaranteed concepts can be novel and quite interesting.

@_date: 1998-12-08 10:33:09
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: What was the quid pro quo for Wassenaar countries? 
It is a matter of record that the CIA vastly overestimated the wherewithal of the
former Soviet military, much less economy. Was this done on purpose to justify
opening the Capitol floodgates to float the USS United States, flagship of the
lone superpower?
Today's justification; third world sand fleas lighting paperbags full of dogshit
and ringing the doorbell. Can't have pranksters disturbing our good neighborhood.
Don't let children play with matches, and the US will organize the neighborhood
Meanwhile, the earth warms, storms ravage the tropics, glaciers recede, permafrost
defrosts, icebergs the size of Delaware calve and castoff, and the warm earth
sheds it's ozone like a sweater. Yeah, let's spend millions on Usama Bin Laden.
Who's the captain of this fuckin' ship of fools? How do you spell democracy?

@_date: 1998-12-13 04:57:29
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Echelon, Diana, Wassenaar 
The public's appetite for Echelon will be wetted when they pick up
People magazine and turn to the section where celebrity exploits and
indiscretions are transcripted and given a government stamp of
authenticity, "NSA transcripts licensed for commercial release".
Echelon is a goldmine, and more than a few people are tasked with
exploring it's commercial viability. Clinton-Lewinski phone sex, Israeli
intelligence using their NY publicist links to blackmail US
politicians/Clinton. White House national security staff bursting
Israel's hold on the President through a supremely well engineered
public release of Clinton's indiscretions via the Paula Jones case.
Middle East peace brokered by statesmen promising to keep mum on each
other's transgressions. And, to add a touch of reality, impeachment
hearings to punish the President for lying about spitting gum on the
sidewalk... Books, movies and future governments are waiting for deals
to be signed. $$$
Echelon's a goldmine gentlemen, and Diana and Wassenaar are the first
hints of its commercial release. Voyeuristic history will be Echelon's
legacy, the NSA will soon become the largest contributor to the National
Archive and the booming entertainment economy.

@_date: 1998-12-16 10:45:35
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: HAS The Revolution Died?? 
As was diagnosed in the case of Richard M. Nixon, these are the tragic
and irreversible symptoms of terminal adult syndrome. Infected are
pasture bound.

@_date: 1998-12-16 22:05:49
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: NSA Electronic Sheriff 
Dialog at a recent poker game at a table in the back of the NSA Saloon:
"Rumor has it there's some bad hombres ridin' into town. We're gonna
need a sheriff. Quick, pin a star on that kid over there, yeah him, the
idiot wearin' sandals. He'll stand 'em off in the street, we'll be
waitin' on the roofs."
"Hey sweetcheeks, another round for the boys."

@_date: 1998-12-17 10:52:17
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Clinton Attacks Iraq 
No, I blame his irritability on lack of nookie. Unable to get his his willy
slick of late, it's not surprising he needs to kick the dog, or lob some
ordinance into the backyard of the middle eastern assholes nextdoor. Maybe
if he gets drunk enough he'll take some pot shots... Yeehaa!
Bush had an overactive thyroid (fighting wars from speedboats), Clinton had
an overactive, but recently unrequited cock (fighting wars from the woodshed
while being impeached). The truth is this is a war that must be fought no
matter what clown is in the White House.
The hard fact is Iraq is of the utmost geopolitical importance, it's on the
agenda, and to hell with fellatio inspired impeachment. In a word,
everything's come to a head. Saddam's a target, his demonization by the
western press has been thorough. This is a test of our resources to target
one man, a superpower against one man, there is no God. Gunboat diplomacy my
good man, gunboat diplomacy.

@_date: 1998-12-18 09:33:04
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Clinton Attacks Iraq 
There is limited outrage being expressed by some members of the UN Security
Council over the use of UN weapons monitoring information to strike targets in
Iraq. The latest US military action in Iraq, dubbed Desert Fox, utilized
information acquired from UNSCOM weapons inspection teams to develop targeting
priorities and improve strike precision.
Specifically, positioning data from GPS receivers used by weapons inspectors at
inspection sites in Iraq provided precise targeting coordinates for US cruise
missiles. Information from UN inspectors was also used to prioritize targets
into several categories, including: High threat defensive sites such as
antiaircraft missile and radar facilities, medium threat command and
communications sites, and low threat power and manufacturing plants. GPS data
was essential for targeting high threat sites located near residential areas.
Some suggestion has been made to sequester the GPS receivers, some of which may
store a record of use in memory. A case is being made that, in the instance of
Desert Fox, the use of UN property and UN operations aided and increased the
likelihood and effectiveness of military force. Scott Ritter, former UN weapons
inspector, was interviewed on NBC's Today show on Dec. 17. Mr. Ritter said, "The
U.S. has perverted the U.N. weapons inspection process by using it as a tool to
justify military action, falsely so."
And, for those who require it ;-)

@_date: 1998-12-19 14:12:35
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Preemptive, proactivism 
Preemptive ;-)
Sources within the US government and military counterterrorism offices
have confirmed that the timing of "Desert Fox" was carefully planned and
coordinated. Counterterrorism planners are anticipating terrorists will
be incited into action as a result of US military action so close to the
Muslim holy period of Ramadan. Terrorists with middle eastern ties may
decide that the religious holiday observance of Christmas would be a
good time to retaliate against western targets. "There's a proactive
element involved in conducting military operations near Ramadan", one
source said, "We won't be opening presents this Christmas, we'll be on
our posts alert and watching."
Another source said that the House impeachment vote was a serendipitous
occurrence. "It actually helps with our activities. The bad guys think
we're distracted, that there's no leadership. Actually, we've never been
more focused, we're hyped. Our operations have been in high gear since
the Africa (embassy) bombings, Desert Fox is an outgrowth of that. We
know what these guys are going to do before they do."
The recent cacophony of events in Washington D.C. may soon take on an
aura of japanese surrealism. The secret service is weighing the
necessity of having White House visitors and press conference attendees
remove their shoes. The ability to disperse anthrax toxin from the
hollowed-out heels of shoes is something that cannot be ignored. Sources
said that such an incident, occurring in areas of pedestrian traffic,
would disperse a toxin with tragic effectiveness. "It doesn't take much
imagination to see the consequences of spilling a powder on the rug in a
White House press briefing, lots of shuffling around in a closed
environment, lots of inhaled toxin."
What's scary is that someone could disperse a toxin unwittingly. "Do you
know where your shoes are 24 hours a day?" an agent said. "This is
something we have to think about, but short of an actual scare, I don't
think we'll be asking you to take off your shoes. Not just yet."

@_date: 1998-12-21 07:45:50
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Biological warfare by proxy 
The destruction of the al-Shifa pharmaceutical factory in Khartoum,
Sudan, has left that country with little reserve of a medicine to fight
malaria. The factory, which was thought to manufacture chemical warfare
agents, was destroyed by US cruise missiles. The factory produced half
of Sudan's medicines, leaving no supplies of chloroquine, the standard
treatment for malaria. By destroying the means to make medicine to treat
malaria, endemic to Sudan, the US has essentially engaged in biological
warfare by proxy.
A request by aid workers for more aid from the British Government to
help supply medicine to Sudan has been rejected. Story at:

@_date: 1998-12-22 10:09:59
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: export controlled fermenters 
Hmmm, mythical chimeras subject to export control? E. coli with a dinoflagellate
sting? Smegma that erupts into gas gangrene? Surely these nightmares are only
paranoid delusions of national security strategists who may have eaten British
beef too close to bedtime. A pox on their infections! And a swab of flesh eating
streptococcus on the lubri-smooth strip of all their razors, so they can't save

@_date: 1998-12-24 06:45:57
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
How effective is aluminum foil (crinkled and layered)? It's cheap, easy to install
and remove, and in concert with some halogen lighting, be host to any number of
suspicious activities.

@_date: 1998-12-24 21:52:04
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Question about 'TEMPEST': UPS 
Something akin to the mosquito netting draped over beds in the tropics?
I live in a mountain valley. Once mined for iron ore, compasses are
unreliable here. TV reception was limited to watching the ant races.
Radio was squelchy and drift prone. Signals could not bore through the
mountain's heart of iron. The voices went away. The sky was a vacuum,
pressure was relieved.
But lately rf has been falling from the sky, the heavy signal moisture
causes fungi, slate-grey disks, to sprout from the roofs and sides of
homes. The conditions have caused a fungal bloom. Spores rain down into
the valley, collide, bounce and ricochet into a storm.
The disease pressure is high. My head's a sensurround, Imax theater of
voices and images that never fucking stop. Surely some protective
prophylaxis is called for, maybe something as cheap as a plastic grocery
bag, but this is no guaranty. Coffins manufactured to the highest
Tempest standard may attenuate the signal strength enough to prevent
reanimation of the corpses. Bodies are sealed in composite fiber
radomes, designed to reflect and absorb the offensive radiation.  Some
choose incineration to escape the influx, mixing incinerate with
powdered ferrite to achieve some measure of final rest.

@_date: 1998-12-25 21:14:40
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Forwarded mail... 
I bet there's a lot of shelf space (and mercenary funding) devoted to making
profits from Caspian Sea oil. Voluminous oil reserves, land-locked, begging for a
drainage shunt into the Black Sea, Mediterranean or Persian Gulf. The Persian Gulf
heads the list except that pipelines would traverse enemy territory.
Well, well, well... Iraq has interesting possibilities. Demonize the present head
of state and his regime, use US military to soften up the resistance, incite
opposition movements, oil companies merge to fund the insurgency...  drooling over
the thought of getting in on the ground floor. Then kick back as oil flow meters
spin like slot machines that pay out every spin. We'd be stupid not to play.

@_date: 1998-12-31 10:27:22
@_author: Frederick Burroughs 
@_subject: Stinger strike stagesetting 
There's a story in the Dec. 30, 1998 Washington Post about how US intelligence
acquires foreign weapons technology. Specific mention is made about trading
US Stinger missile know-how to China for whatever. My guess is the government's
trying to set the stage to shift blame away from CIA for leaking antiaircraft
missile technology, 1000 Stingers in the hands of Afghan rebels notwithstanding,
and the aircraft disasters to come.
Story at:
And, of course the esteemed Mr. Young is always on top of things:
