
@_date: 1996-03-28 01:13:39
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? (Was List O' , , shame) 
Good question.
Along this line -- what are the penalties for withholding other types of possible evidence from investigating officers?  It seems that often the penalites for "computer crimes" are more harsh than for the "normal" version of the crime.  Is that the case with the penalties in Leahy's bill? Rich Burroughs  --  richieb  --  psu07973
 --- Opinions are mine, not Teleport's
PGP key fingerprint:  1F A1 40 72 92 02 DE 7A  80 D0 5A 57 D3 1C 87 86

@_date: 1996-03-28 15:55:45
@_author: "Rich Burroughs" 
@_subject: Re: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? 
Or a right to privacy, for that matter.  It's not stated anywhere explicictly in the Bill of Rights -- the courts have patched together a legal framework for Rich Burroughs  richieb  Protest the CDA - Join the EFF's Blue Ribbon Anti-Censorship Campaign!
See my Blue Ribbon Page at

@_date: 1996-04-05 20:13:00
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: 
It's hard to understand.  I can't velieve it.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-12 21:24:51
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Remailer threat: Scientologists may subpoena   anonymous remailer records? 
Tom does not work for Netcom or represent them, AFAIK.
He is the sysop of the BBS (support.com) that Dennis uses to access the
Net.  The BBS gets its net feed through Netcom.
CoS sued both Tom and Netcom (in addition to Dennis).  They claimed that
after alerting Tom and Netcom to Dennis' alleged "copyright terrorism"
the ISPs should have cut off his net access.  Tom refused, and Netcom
didn't want to pull the plug on his whole BBS just to stop one man accused
of copyright infringement.
I hope I have that all straight...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-14 17:37:35
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Watch your language, Shabbir. 
No.  Shabbir claims just what he said, AFAIK, that "no reasonable person is
objecting..."  A very different matter.  What I believe and what I choose to
object to through organized political initiatives may be two different things.
If Shabbir's wording is so critical, why did you change it by adding "believes?"
I don't believe government should be able to wiretap it's citizens, but I
also don't think there's a snowball's chance in hell of taking that power away
from the FBI.  That's why I want strong crypto.  There is a far greater chance
of getting some decent crypto legislation enacted than of completely removing
the FBI's authority to wiretap.  It's a much more "reasonable" goal, in that
There are people much more deserving of cypherpunk scorn than someone who
works as hard on these issues as Shabbir.  It's pretty pathetic, Jim.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-19 07:54:22
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: plaugue of unsubscribes 
See John's message about the forged subscribes.  It sounds like these
folks may have never used a mailing list and didn't want to.  Can't really
blame them for being upset at receiving hundreds of pieces of email that
they didn't ask for.
What still confuses me is the number of people who asked to be
"unsubscrived."  Seems like an odd coincidence that all those folks would
miss the B key.  Some had done it severeal times in the same message.  I
wonder if they were totally set up -- if they got mail telling them to
"unsubscrive."  Some people's idea of fun boggles me...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-20 06:57:56
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: EFF/Bernstein Press Release 
More likely, IMHO, it's an attempt by politicians to make the public think
they're actually doing something.  It's a lot easier to rant about
terrorists and the Net than to address the root causes of terrorist violence
(whatever they may be...).
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-20 07:35:38
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: DANGER! Baby-Food Bombs on the Internet! [was Re: (Fwd)] 
ideas and routes of birds. This is true, at least until governments make their outright attempts to
control the flow of the Net itself.  Don't get me wrong -- I'm not saying
that such attempts will be successful or effective, but I have no doubt that
they will be attempted.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-21 12:35:54
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: E-mail harassment by c2 
I think you're missing what happened.
Someone subscribed the address for the _cypherpunks_ list to the clueless
list.  The "welcome to clueless" message got sent to you via the cypherpunks
list.  Notice the instructions from C2 say:
The email address there is the cypherpunks list, not yours.
The reason you received the second email is that majordomo (the
address you sent mail to) is not a person -- it's a mail list administering
program.  Your mail had no command that majordomo recognized, so it sent you
the majordomo help file.  That's what it's supposed to do.
You aren't being harassed by anyone.  You aren't on the clueless list.  You
are on the cyperpunks list -- if you want to unsubscribe, send email to
majordomo with the words "unsubscribe cypherpunks" (without the
quotes) in the body of your message.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-22 05:28:29
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: OS/2 encryption 
I really don't understand this whole thread.  Deana wants an encryption
utility to keep her data from prying eyes.  Simple.  The cypherpunks list is
the last place I'd expect to see people question her judgment about it.
Encryption will prevent someone from reading Deana's email and other private
documents without a court ordering her to divulge her key.  Despite whatever
inference a court may draw from her encrypting data, it's a smart move,
IMHO, when you consider that the "Church" has raided 4 people's homes with
ex parte writs of seizure and hauled off their entire computer systems
(people who received letters from the "Church" not very different than the
one Deana got).  When the computers were seized they weren't taken to the
court -- they went straight to the offices of the "Church's" lawyers, where
paid experts executed extremely broad searches on the hard drives.
If you can picture your worst enemy poring through your hard drive, file by
file, you'll understand why something like secure drive or SFS would come in
Encryption may prevent deletions -- if I remember right, it was alleged that
the "Church" had selectively deleted files from one of the hard drives (I
think it was Arnie Lerma's).  If everything's encrypted, selective deletions
based on content would be impossible.  OTOH, Steve Fishman, author of the
famous Fishman Affidavit, alleges that people working for CoS came into his
house under false pretenses and deleted the contents of his entire c:\ drive.  As for the free legal advice, Deana's very legal savvy (IMHO, based on my
time on a.r.s.), so I think we can spare it.  She's surely weighed the
consequences of what she's doing.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-22 12:43:05
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Anonymnity at teleport 
And to think I gave them my real name...
Do check about the majordomo patch.  It's saved list owners here a lot of
headaches.  I'm not sure what it would take to implement, but the end result
is very good, IMHO.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-23 15:14:32
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein ruling meets the virus law 
Intent may not even be a necessary part of a "computer crime" case.  Here in
Oregon, Randal Schwartz's case was the first test (I believe) of the state's
vague computer crime law.  Proving that Randal had malicious intent wasn't
part of the prosecution's case, AFAIK -- only that he had altered data
"without authorization."
Given that viewpoint, I can easily picture a virus author getting busted
here even if they didn't have intent to commit harm.  The O'Reilly book
_Computer Crime_ (by Icove, Seger & VonStorch) has a discussion of US
federal law in these areas and the state computer crime laws.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-24 03:38:18
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Nazis on the Net 
This is from the DOJ report on the Ruby Ridge shooting:
"Weaver first came to the attention of the BATF in July 1986 during its
investigation of a series of bombings in Coer d'Alene, Idaho in which the
Aryan Nations was believed to be involved. BATF asked Kenneth Fadeley, a
confidential informant, to assist its investigation by obtaining information
about people attending an upcoming World Aryan Congress who might be engaged
in illegal activities.[FN23] Thereafter, Fadeley portrayed himself as a
weapons dealer who catered to motorcycle gangs and, in this role, managed to
be introduced to high level members of the Aryan Nations in Northern
In July, 1986, Fadeley attended the World Aryan Congress at Hayden Lake,
Idaho. During this assembly, Fadeley was introduced to Weaver, who was at
that time of no particular investigative significance to BATF.[FN25]"
Weaver may have just been attending the World Aryan Nations Congress for the
beer and chicks...
Portions of the report are online at
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-24 10:39:39
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: CO$ 
No mailing lists that I know of.  There may be sekret ones, though.  The
Scientologists have a member's only list called TNX, but you have to be
very Theta to get on.
Alt.religion.scientology on Usenet is the big source for info.
You might also check out  on IRC.
Ron Newman's excellent web site is at
You can now do an Excite search of his entire site.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-24 10:25:51
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Nazis on the Net 
I'm sure it has been. That doesn't mean his report is untrue.  Is the
standard of proof the same for both of these issues?  We need proof to
establish that Weaver is a racist, but not to establish that the FBI
informant is lying?
Separatist/supremacist...  I don't see much difference between them, and I
believe the former is largely just a cover story for the latter.  Weaver
is no hero, IMHO, though I believe the govt. fucked up big at Ruby Ridge.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-04-24 22:31:56
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Meta: The Arguing about the Terms of the Wager Continues 
This is getting too predictable...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-02 16:43:13
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: CFA: a million geeks? 
This is an interview I did with Keith Glass about the
changes with the Electronic Freedom March.  He mentions
making crypto an issue there.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
    [This is an article from the may96 issue of the web zine
    _cause for alarm_,     It may be redistributed electronically with this header
    included.]
    I contacted Keith Glass about an interview shortly after
    finding out that he had taken over as head of the
    Electronic Freedom March. The March, an attempt to
    influence Washington with a critical mass of geeks, was
    originally scheduled for June. In his response to my
    email, Keith said that the March was being rescheduled
    for late September and that he would make a public
    announcement soon. His subsequent press release said
    that, "With the current state of the case against the
    CDA, ACLU vs. Reno, and several organizational factors,
    it's been concluded that it would be far more effective
    to focus the political power of the citizens of the Net
    closer to the November elections." Keith joined me at
    Club Wired, after a hard day at work.
    ---
    CFA: Thanks for coming, Keith :)
    Keith G: And thus ends another thrilling day, standing
    for Truth, Justice, and/or the American Way     CFA: Heh.
    Keith G: Hey, a day at the Pentagon is like... a day in
    hell, only the cooking is worse.
    CFA: What do you do there BTW? If it's not classified? ;)
    Keith G: Nope: I work Pollution Preventions and
    Standardization issues for the Secretary of the Air
    Force. I'm a contractor, better known as one of the
    legendary "Beltway Bandits", although **I** prefer the
    term "Parkway Patriot"...;-)
    CFA: :) So, let's talk about the March. The new date is
    Sept. 29, tentatively?
    Keith G: Tentatively. I'm checking with the Park Service
    and the Majority Leaders' office in the next few days,
    to insure we can get a place...
    CFA: Where will the speakers be at, if you know? I mean
    human speakers :)
    Keith G: That depends on where we can locate. Since I'm
    trying to combine it with some congressional lobbying,
    I'd LIKE it to be on the west stairs of the Capitol. But
    the Ellipse, which we had reserved for the original
    date, would put us in shouting distance of the White
    House...
    CFA: *nod*
    Keith G: Of course, this thing has grown beyond JUST the
    CDA. In my opinion, it'll be wastepaper by mid-June. . .
    but we have to fight for crypto rights, and the
    ill-informed types who foisted the CDA on us will be
    back next year. This isn't just one battle... this is
    the start of a whole new political front.
    CFA: You're going to involve crypto issues?
    Keith G: Free speech is free speech. If they ban crypto,
    then they'd better make damned sure that envelopes are
    banned, too. Encrypted or clear, free speech is an
    absolute.
    CFA: *nod*
    Keith G: We also need to let the Congress know a few
    things about the Net: according to a pal of mine at CDT,
    your average Net user makes over $40K, and votes
    SIGNIFICANTLY more than not-Net-users. We have money, we
    have votes... it's time to turn that into power.
    CFA: So, you're in charge of the whole shebang now?
    Keith G: Yep. John Wash, who started this, got way too
    bogged down in work, realized it, and handed it off to
    me last Monday, April 15th...
    CFA: For those who missed your announcement, why the new
    date?
    Keith G: Well, to be honest, when I looked at what we
    had set up, AND what the Park Service required of us
    (i.e. portatpotties, medics, security), I saw we needed
    a LOT more money and organization than was possible for
    a bunch of part-time activists to get in the time
    remaining. Secondly, the CDA trial is going FAR faster
    than anything we had expected: the verdict will be out
    by mid-June, and from all reports, the Feds have been
    unusually incompetent in their arguments. So, I thought
    we should move as close as we can to the election, to
    (1) maximize our power, politically, (2) get a MUCH
    better organization in place, and (3) get out of the
    summer DC sun. This place is AWFUL in the summer... ;)
    CFA: :)
    Keith G: We need to let the Congress know that the Net
    is NOT all porno fiends, militia types exchanging bomb
    recipes, and all the other net.myths that seem to abound
    on Capitol Hill. Also, I'd like to work towards a
    declaration by Congresscritters that Email will be taken
    just as seriously as snailmail. Right now, most of the
    time your Congressional Email gets answered by a Bot...
    and that's the end of it. My friends on the Hill tell me
    they read email when all else is done...
    CFA: What about folks who can't make it to DC? Are you
    encouraging local events?
    Keith G: Locally, we'd LIKE to get all the people who
    CAN'T make it, visit their local Congressman and
    Senators offices' on the Friday before, or Monday after.
    And lobby, in person...
    CFA: Right.
    Keith G: I've gotten word today of a possible parallel
    EFM in Seattle. If we can get simultaneous marches in
    several cities, that'd be great.
    CFA: What can people do to help? It sounds like there's
    a lot of work to be done.
    Keith G: What do we need?? I've got webmasters,
    organizers, publicity types: I need a financial type,
    and some fund-raisers. We also need sponsors. We have
    NONE. We've been given a lot of "Sure we'll support
    you," but when we ask for $$, all of a sudden it gets
    real quiet.
    CFA: *nod* Have you had any reports of folks raising
    funds on the local level?
    Keith G: Not as yet. We're attempting to formalize a
    relationship with an existing non-profit, to use as a
    tax-deductible funding vehicle. We're also looking at
    selling T-shirts, and I've been approached with several
    business offers...
    CFA: Would you encourage local fund-raising for the
    March?     Keith G: Absolutely.     CFA: How did you get involved in net.activism?
    Keith G: How?? I went to the February 10th protest in
    Lafayette Park (behind the White House) that Tom Edwards
    put on. My first protest. The rest, well, it just sort
    of happened...
    CFA: :) The Feb. 10 protest was about the CDA?
    Keith G: Yep. Clinton signed it on Black Thursday, the
    8th of February. Tom started the whole thing a few days
    earlier, and we got several hundred to turn out on
    fairly short notice.
    CFA: Are there other things that I, as an average net
    guy, can do to help?
    Keith G: Average net.guy... hmm... Well, when we get set
    up, buy a T-shirt, wear it to your Congresscritter's
    office. Also one or two particularly crafty ideas that
    I'm working on, but not ready to unveil yet (legal,
    non-violent, but potentially VERY politically
    effective...)
    CFA: Okay :) Keep us posted.
    Keith G: Oh, it will be on the web site... which I'm
    getting re-written... HTML 3.0, frames, Java,
    hot-and-cold running ASCII.     CFA: What's the turnout projected for the March?
    Keith G: Honestly, I don't know. **MY** original
    projections for the June rally were between 1 and 10K:
    John Wash kept saying 20K. If we can set up an
    organization of college students during the summer and
    have them recruit aggressively when school starts, we
    could hit 20K. We're also organizing amongst other
    communities that are more heavily wired than most: my
    first appointments were a Gay/Lesbian/Bi coordinator...
    I hope to get some help from the Pagan community as
    well... I already have plenty of hookups in Fandom...
    CFA: Cool :) Getting the word out seems very important
    now, with the changes...
    Keith G: Exactly. The Web site is among the top 5% hit,
    I have done my best to get the word out without overly
    spamming USENET. I know I'm going to about 15 or so
    lists...
    CFA: Jon Lebkowsky said you're doing the Club Wired EF
    forum? May 30?
    Keith G: Yep. Jon and I finalized that yesterday.
    CFA: Great.
    Keith G: Now, to beat that darned cyber-stagefright     CFA: :) What about multimedia stuff? Are there plans for
    video and/or audio from the March?
    Keith G: We're talking with NetRadio about a simulcast,
    one gent also is looking into a video feed, on the level
    of the Fish-cam.
    CFA: What about the roster of speakers? Any changes?
    Keith G: Not as yet.... but we're trying to get some
    bigger names. If anyone has an, ER, PIPELINE to Bill
    Gates or Mark Andreessen of Netscape, I'd be glad to
    chat. I'd like to get Barlow of EFF, maybe even Newt...
    CFA: Yes, a politician would be good. Maybe Leahy...
    Keith G: Leahy comes to mind. NOT Gore... unless we
    could boo him offstage...
    CFA: Heh.
    Keith G: I am NOT pleased with the two-facedness of the
    politicos over this whole thing... ESPECIALLY Clinton's,
    "It's unconstitutional but..." followed by his letter to
    Exon. Even if I WASN'T Republican, I couldn't vote for
    Clinton/Gore due to their utter fecklessness over the
    CDA
    CFA: The letter to Exon had me fuming, too. I'm getting
    tired of settling for the lesser evil...
    Keith G: Right: vote for the GREATER evil... dread
    Chthulu in 96 !!!     CFA: :) Well, anything else you want to add before I let
    you get some rest?
    Keith G: Nothing I can think of... our website is
     and I'll post announcements to
    alt.censorship, comp.org.eff.talk, alt.activism,
    alt.wired, at minimum.
    CFA: Okay. Thanks for coming to talk :)
    Keith G: Anytime...
    ---
    rich burroughs     (april 26, 1996)
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-03 14:07:21
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: proposed anti-pseudospoofing law in Georgia 
More than proposed.  It was signed by Gov. Zell Miller on April 18, and is
now the law in GA.
see and Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-04 13:14:18
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Conrad_Burns@burns.senate.gov: Open Letter to Internet  Community From Senator Burns 
I sent email today to Senators Burns and Leahy thanking them for their work
on this issue, and I'm asking others who support their efforts to do the
same.  They've got some hard work ahead of them to get this bill through, I
think, and I wanted to let them know their efforts are appreciated.
I also pointed out to Senator Leahy, politely but firmly, my concern over
this provision in the ECPA (which he mentioned in his letter, so I'm
assuming he considers it still on the table):
"Whoever willfully endeavors by means of encryption to obstruct, impede, or
prevent the communication of
information in furtherance to a felony which may be prosecuted in a court of
the United States, to an investigative or law enforcement officer shall- "(1) in the case of a first conviction, be sentenced to imprisonment for not
more than 5 years, fined under this title, or both; or "(2) in the case of a second or subsequent conviction, be sentenced to
imprisonment for not more than 10 years,
fined under this title, or both."
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-05 08:44:07
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Justice Department looking for ISP's 
Isn't that at ftp.fuck-the-doj.com, in /dev/null?
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-11 11:36:37
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: remailer@utopia.hacktic.nl down 
Chris Owen has written an essay about Hubbard's support of the racist South
African govt.  "Just as individuals can be seen by observing nations, so we see the African
tribesman, with his complete contempt for truth and his emphasis on
brutality and savagery for others but not himself, is a no-civilization." Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-12 08:11:08
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: [Yadda Yadda Heil Dave] Re: Rich is leaving for thetapunks 
LOL.  Dave, don't believe what you read on theta.com... ;)
You know it.  All of you copyright terrorists who keep infringing on RTC's trademarks by
using the word Freed*m will pay, too, I can assure you...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-18 04:41:49
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re:  SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
I find this all very odd, since the Dutch court ruled that the use of the
Fishman affidavit on Karin Spaink's web page was not a copyright
violation, as Fishman was part of a US judicial record.  I'm assuming
that the Fishman material is what thay approched Hacktic about, as well, but
I'm not sure.  Maybe this is about something else (the NOTS materials), or
maybe the threat of legal action was enough to do Hacktic in, despite what
would seem to be a favorable precedent.
It's not clear to me that Scientology is only concerned about copyrighted
material.  That's what they claim, but then Hubbard said, "The purpose of
the suit is to harass..."  Copyrights became the issue, IMHO, because they
have some legal ground to stand on there.
I think their goal is to make all their Net critics come out into the
open, and they're willing to use the legal system as a pawn towards that
goal.  You can't threaten or intimidate anon posters as easily.  You can't
send your private investigators to harass them and their families.
Taking away the ability to post to Usenet through remailers would give
them complete victory on this issue.  Not only them, but every other
religion/company/group that seeks to indimidate their Usenet critics.
And what if a mailing list critical to them springs up?  If they threaten
remailers about it, will we then cede the ability to send anon email in
I appreciate the incredibly difficult position that all of this puts
remailer operators in, but I don't think CoS will be statisfied with just
stopping anon Usenet posts.  IMHO, they more likely want the remailers gone,
altogether.  Don't believe that this is about copyrights, just because
they say it is.
I think that if we want the right to be anonymous on the Net, people are
going to have to stand up for it.
p.s.  Anyone who thinks the idea of CoS harassing their critics is
farfetched should take a good look around Ron Newman's web site:
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-19 04:11:42
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
This assumes that they are trying to win.
Hubbard said, "The purpose of the suit is to harass..."
CoS has a huge legal coffer, and they've used it against people who weren't
rich before.  They're not after the money from the lawsuits, IMHO -- it's
miniscule compared to the amount they make in their bait-and-switch scheme
(where they sell people on Dianetics and then lead them down the path to
ridiculous OT powers).  That's what they're fighting to protect.
IMHO -- they don't have the resources to fight back against sustained and
intense legal pressure (as well as illegal harassment by PI's and other
agents) and will probably cave.  That's the return.
Judge Brinkema, in an opinion last November in the "Church's" case against
  "The Court finds that the motivation of plaintiff in filing
   this lawsuit against the Post is reprehensible.  Although
   the RTC brought the complaint under traditional secular
   concepts of copyright and trade secret law, it has become
   clear that a much broader motivation prevailed--the stifling
   of criticism and dissent of the religious practices of
   Scientology and the destruction of its opponents.  L. Ron
   Hubbard, the founder of Scientology, has been quoted as
   looking upon law as a tool to
                [h]arass and discourage rather than to win.
                The law can be used very easily to harrass and
                enough harrassment on somebody who is simply on
                the thin edge anyway, well knowing that he is
                not authorized, will generally be sufficient
                to cause his professional decease.  If                 possible, of course, ruin him utterly."
CoS are the biggest threat to the remailers right now, and it's a mistake to
view their use of the legal system  based on how you or I might use it --
their purpose is to crush their opposition by whatever means necessary.
They have to handle things that way, because Hubbard said so.  Paulette
Cooper, whose "crime" was writing a book critical of CoS, had 19 lawsuits
filed against her at the same time by the "Church."
Your plan would work if tons of people set up remailers, but barring that,
rich people are actually worse targets for CoS, IMHO, as they have the
resources to fight back, especially if the suit doesn't have any merits.
And the support of the "big guns" is definitely dicey -- they've not
provided counsel for any defendant in a CoS case, AFAIK.  Groups like ACLU
and EFF don't have the resources to deal with every problem they'd like to,
and people shouldn't expect to be rescued by them (you said _might_, I know :)
I would encourage anyone who is concerned about the remailers, that doesn't
have much info on CoS' legal tactics, to spend some time on
alt.religion.scientology or on Ron Newman's excellent web site
 (he has a ton of info
there and you can do Excite searches).
I think that if people are not willing to stand up to CoS, the remailers are
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-19 03:08:48
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re:  SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
I think you're wrong about that.  You're confusing copyrights and
trademarks, I believe.  It's a trademark that you lose by not asserting it
or defending it.  Someone please correct me if I have this wrong :)
There have been claims that the copyrights were not transferred properly
from Hubbard to RTC, but they have yet to be proven in court.
CoS won against Arnie Lerma in a summary judgement.  Copyrights were
definitely the issue in that decision.
The ugly provision in the Leahy bill had to do with obstruction of criminal
investigations, didn't it?  The CoS copyright cases have all been civil.  I
don't see how it applies.
That part of the bill stunk, I agree...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-21 10:46:49
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
Not at all.  Their actions are based on their religious doctrines, as passed
down by Hubbard.  "Always attack, never defend."  Their claims of copyright
violation are part of an ongoing effort to silence those who criticize their
illegal and immoral practices.  They should be examined in that context.
AFAIK, "Newsweek" does not file lawsuits just for the purpose of harassment,
as Hubbard counselled his followers to do.  AFAIK, "Newsweek" does not hire
PIs to harass those who criticize them.
Tim, do you think "Newsweek" articles have ever been posted to the Net?  If
so, did the magazine sue everyone who posted them?  The "Church" doesn't
even want to admit that fair use is a possibility.
"Newsweek" is also not a non-profit coporation.  Not only is CoS tax exempt,
but they claim to have "trade secrets" as well.  That's having your cake and
eating it...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-21 15:09:37
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST 
And Germany, or course, as Tim mentioned.  CoS suckered the US State Dept.
into putting pressure on the Germans, and the Scientologists on a.r.s. have
made plenty of Nazi allusions when discussing the German "bigotry."
I know that there was a big crackdown in England while Hubbard was still
alive, though the anti-Scientology laws there were rescinded some time ago,
I believe.  At one point foreign Scientologists weren't allowed into the
country.  There may still be a lot of anti-CoS sentiment there.
Ironically, if someone had asked me this questions a few weeks ago, I
probably would have answered, "The Netherlands."
p.s.  I'm a bit more caught up on my facts now.  The NOTS materials (newer
than the OT materials in the Fishman affidavit) were posted to a.r.s.
through hacktic recently.  I'm assuming that was the cause of the CoS
pressure to shut them down.  The NOTS materials were not in the public
record (like parts of the old OT materials were, as they were evidence in
the Fishman case), so the court's ruling in the case against Karin Spaink
and her ISP, XS4ALL, wouldn't seem to apply towards their being posted.
IANADL (I am not a Dutch lawyer...)
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-22 08:42:56
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: SEVERE undercapacity, we need more remailer servers FAST (fwd) 
[Zed, sorry to send this twice -- forgot to add the list address, and I
have additional info...]
I'm confused.
I thought Keith had admitted posting the document, but claimed that the
materials describe illegal acts (as you mentioned) and that posting is in
the public interest, or something like that.  How are they suing him if
he posted anon?
I've been away from a.r.s. for a while, but I'm back there now and am
trying to get back up to speed...
Bye :)
p.s.  Okay, I hit Ron Newman's web page, and it seems my suspicion was
correct.  Here's a quote from Keith's post, which contained NOTS 34 -- he
posted it from his own account, not via a remailer:
: I had not been inclined to look at this
: material before (it's *boring*), but your TRO inspired me.  Assuming
: this is real, I can see why the "Church" of Scientology is trying to
: suppress this material.  If carried out, the instructions in this
: particular bulletin amount to *criminal* acts, to wit, the practice of
: medicine without a license.  I reproduce this widely available
: document in its entirety for your edification.
Had he posted it through a remailer, I think it would have been well
justified.  He was obviously blowing the whistle on what he saw as illegal
activities.  That's a much different matter than posting the entire NOTs
series, though.  The wholesale copying is what most people seem to object
to, though my observations tell me that the "Church" objects to any
copying, even for fair use...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-22 08:33:43
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re: An alternative to remailer shutdowns 
Blah, blah, blah.
This situation has nothing to do with the Leahy bill.  As you mentioned,
crypto is not the issue here. It's whether we get to have remailers,
period -- encrypted or not.
Why must you persist in bringing the bill up, constantly, whether it
applies to the situation being discussed or not?  Your gonna hurt your
arm, reaching around to pat yourself on the back like that ;)
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-25 15:22:01
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Another attack on alt.religion.scientology 
Someone has launched another attack on the Usenet group
alt.religion.scientology.  In the last five days, hundreds of
messages have been posted to a.r.s. in what many presume to be
yet another attempt by CoS to stifle criticism and shut down
the newsgroup.
The first poster used the return address "Chris Maple" , and made use of a mail gateway at Yale.  The Yale
admins closed the gateway to the spammer, but several hundred
posts had already made it through (I got at least 400 here).  I
believe the Yale admin said that 800 more attempts were made to
post to a.r.s. after the gateway had been closed.  Since then,
"Chris Maple" has been followed by several other vertical spammers,
all posting similar material, even formatted the same -- same
intro and URLs at the end.
As each new vertical spammer shows up we contact their ISP,
but by the time anything happens we have several hundred more
messages.  The group has been flooded with spam for about five
days straight.
While there is no direct evidence, AFAIK, that CoS is responsible
for the attack, it is consistent with their ongoing attempts to
silence their critics, including lawsuit, harassment by private
investigators, rmgrouping a.r.s., and (presumably) shutting down
hacktic.  Please let others know about what's happening, and feel
free to repost this message in appropriate forums.  Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-05-29 10:21:06
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: [Fwd: --> CRISIS on USENET -- SIGN THE PROTEST STATEMENT VIA E-MAIL] 
This is a post from Jon Noring (noring about the recent spamming of alt.religion.scientology.  I thought he summed the situation up very well.
Jon is asking folks to sign an email petition to show their protest over this threat to free speech.  The signatures will be counted by an independent third party, and the names/email addresses of signers will not be made available to CoS.
Please redistrubute freely.
Newsgroups: alt.clearing.technology,alt.religion.scientology,alt.support.ex-cult,news.admin.net-abuse.misc,nl.scientology,talk.religion.misc
Organization: Netcom Online Communications Services (408-241-9760 login: guest)
Sender: noring
Xref: nntp.teleport.com alt.clearing.technology:19074 alt.religion.scientology:176837 alt.support.ex-cult:8143 news.admin.net-abuse.misc:60902 nl.scientology:182 talk.religion.misc:215542
This post is to outline what I see as a major crisis now occuring on Usenet.
The crisis is a massive, ongoing, vertical spamming (*) of a Usenet newsgroup
never before seen at this scale, and its purpose is to completely drown out
regular discussion on a newsgroup of public interest, alt.religion.scientology.
The evidence points to the "Church" of Scientology as being behind this
massive, incessant, carpet bombing.
(* Vertical Spamming, for those who don't know, is when somebody posts a huge
number of posts to a single newsgroup in a very short period of time.  It's
purpose is usually to shut the newsgroup down by making it useless to carry on
any meaningful discussion.)
In the next few sections I'll outline what's currently happening and provide
the evidence -- you make up your own mind who is behind the assault on the
newsgroup, and its importance to you.  No matter who is really behind it, it
is a crisis that needs to be dealt with by everybody in the Usenet community
because it concerns the important matter of freedom of expression.
If we fail to understand the spam's long-term ramifications and fail to take
the appropriate action, we seriously risk losing our freedom to express our
thoughts and beliefs on Usenet.  After all, if the massive spam succeeds to
shut down one newsgroup in order to stifle critical discussion, then it will
set a dangerous precedent and embolden other organizations and groups that
likewise cannot tolerate open discussion to follow in the same path.  We must
prevent this.  We must draw the line clearly in the sand -- now!
And after reading this, if you agree with my assessment of who is behind the
spamming, and see the threat it poses to freedom of expression, one thing you
can do right now is to sign (via e-mail) a statement of protest directed
towards the "Church" of Scientology.  It is a very easy yet effective way to
express your opinion.  Details for submitting your signature are given at the
end of this post.  NOTE:  I will NOT publicly release, nor send to the
"Church" of Scientology, the names or e-mail addresses of those who sign,
just tally the total count, verifed by an independent third party, probably
someone in the news media.
Please do consider signing the statement and ask others to do the same.  I'd
like to get 10,000 sigs, but 1000 would send a clear message to the "Church"
of Scientology organization that their actions towards Usenet and the Internet
are totally unacceptable to the Usenet community, and pose a serious threat to
freedom of expression on the Internet.  (Note that many of the participants
of a.r.s. are former Scientologists who still want to practice the *religion*
of Scientology, but free from the iron control of the current "Church" of
Scientology organization -- thus one could strongly argue that their freedom
of religion is also being hampered by the spam attack, so the issues go beyond
freedom of expression.)
And do forward this post to anybody who may be interested, including the news
media.  One of the best solutions to this crisis is media attention.
THE SITUATION (as of 27 May 1996)
In the last week, there have been several thousand (and rapidly approaching
10,000!) short posts swamping the newsgroup alt.religion.scientology (a.r.s.)
by a person or persons unknown.  They are coming from several accounts, most
of them forged or bogus, and when the account is closed by its site
administrator based on complaints, the flood begins anew elsewhere.  In at
least one instance a mail-to-news gateway has been used, necessitating the
administrator to close all posting to a.r.s.  That one gateway has received,
last we heard, 886 attempted posts by the spammer within a 28 hour period
(which fortunately never reached their intended destination -- but thousands
of others have.)
And at this moment, while you read this post, the spam continues unabated
from new accounts.  Almost a thousand of the same type of post have been made
to a.r.s. within the last 24 hours.  There is no indication it will stop, and
has actually stepped up the last two days as the spam is now coming from
multiple sources.
THE EVIDENCE WHO MAY BE BEHIND THE ROBO-SPAMMING
It is unknown the person or persons who are behind this.  However, the
evidence strongly points to the "Church" of Scientology (CoS) as the culprit.
Here is the evidence:
1)  All the posts are supportive of Scientology, and each one is a short
    snippet taken from their copyrighted book "What is Scientology", which
    has also been placed on their Web site.
2)  They all use a similar "boiler-plate" format, including a similar
    preamble:  "Many falsehoods and inaccurate statements regarding several
    aspects of the religion of Scientology have been observed on ars..."
3)  The use of semi-anonymous "throw-away" accounts somewhat follows the same
    pattern used recently to cancel posts containing portions of CoS' "secret"
    scriptures, and which used the boiler-plate statement "Cancelled due to
    copyright infringement" as the justification for the clearly illegal
    cancels.
4)  Most of the materials being spammed have a prominent CoS copyright notice.
    Since CoS has shown by their actions within the last year to be very
    sensitive to unauthorized recopying of their materials, their silence on
    what is now happening is clear tacit approval of the massive spamming now
    taking place.  In essence, by their inaction to do or say anything to stop
    the spam, they are thus tacitly *authorizing* the spam attack, whether
    they instigated it or not (though I believe they did).
5)  In the last 1.5 years, internal documents from CoS have been revealed
    detailing such a plan to overwhelm the newsgroup alt.religion.scientology
    with their own posts.  CoS has not disavowed or refuted these documents.
    They are in the file 'spamplan.txt', which can be downloaded via
    anonymous ftp from ftp.netcom.com /pub/no/noring/spamplan.txt, or in URL
    form:  ftp://ftp.netcom.com/pub/no/noring/spamplan.txt
6)  A recent post, supposedly based on intelligence information from inside
    CoS, but so far unverified, stated that the spam is part of a Scientology
    program to so overwhelm the newsgroup 'alt.religion.scientology' with
    'theta' (their term for 'safe' ideas) that it would be safe to allow loyal
    rank-and-file Scientologists to begin accessing the Internet, particulary
    their new Web site (up to now they've not been allowed to access the
    Internet because of the 'entheta', their term for 'unsafe' ideas.)  Even
    if this turns out not to be one of the reasons for the spam attack, it is
    entirely plausible based on assessment by those who are knowledgeable with
    how the CoS organization thinks and operates.
THE RAMIFICATIONS TO USENET IF THIS CONTINUES UNSTOPPED
Already, discussion on a.r.s. has been affected, and if it continues without
adjustment by the Usenet community, will seriously hamper the free exchange
of ideas and viewpoints on that newsgroup.  The ramifications of this to all
of Usenet as a whole is clear:  if the spammers get away with this, then what
will prevent other organizations from anonymously using the same tactic to
squelch unfavorable discussion on other unmoderated newsgroups?
Thus, the Usenet community needs to be aware that the spam attack has grave
ramifications to freedom of expression to Usenet above and beyond just the
Scientology newsgroup.  It should be considered as serious a threat to free
expression as the Exon CDA.  And in some ways it is even worse since it will
also affect the integrity and viability of Usenet itself.  It is very
important that we get concerned and fight it any way we can.  Get involved,
even if you're a lurker or a new person on Usenet!
WHAT CAN BE DONE?
There are several things that can be done to handle the crisis.  Some of them
are now being employed by concerned net citizens who are in a position to do
so.  However, for the reasons I'll give, they are not adequate enough, which
makes this, in my opinion, a crisis.  If you have other ideas for how to deal
with this, do post them.  Let's keep discussion level-headed and avoid silly
ad hominem attacks and the like.  This is a serious situation.  The following
are listed in no particular order of importance.  Consider it a partial list
1) IGNORE THE SPAM -- With most newsreaders, this is simply not a solution.
   When there are 1000 spam posts in 24 hours, like we saw today, the reader
   simply has trouble locating the discussion threads, no matter how
   sophisticated the newsreader.  And if the reader doesn't locate the
   legitimate discussion, they will not contribute to any discussion, and
   poof, no more discussion.  New subscribers to a.r.s., most of whom want to
   get all sides of the issue, won't even participate when they see the huge
   numbers of single-sided robo-posts with no discussion.
   And for those who must download all the posts before reading them (or
   even kill-filing them), the spam will most likely force the user to
   unsubscribe from and no longer participate in the newsgroup.  Freedom of
   Expression has thus been curtailed because of the massive spam.
2) KILL FILES -- The usual reply to a problem like this is "kill files".
   However, it is clear that kill files will not work to prevent grave impact
   on the newsgroup because:
   a) Many users today don't even have kill file capability (unix-based
      newsreaders are rapidly being pushed into the minority), and for those
      who do, only a fraction of them have the computer savvy necessary to
      implement it.  And for those who pay for their news one way or another,
      it becomes expensive for the kill file to do its thing (this is
      especially onerous for those who have to actually download all the
      posts, several megabytes per day, through their modem *before* they can
      even "kill file" them).
   b) Kill files work by finding posts having certain identifiable attributes
      in the header or message body, such as the From: address -- but as the
      spam on a.r.s. shows, we've got a moving target that will resist kill
      files.  Any organization with enough money can keep getting throw-away
      accounts that cannot be traced to the organization.  They can also alter
      the wording to foil kill-files searching for words in the message body.
      Thus, those using kill files will continually see unwanted SPAM getting
      through their filters, requiring constant modification of their kill
      files, which means their kill files will get so unwieldy that they take
      longer to work effectively.  The end result is that it may cause many to
      simply give up on the newsgroup rather than trying to fight the
      onslaught using kill files.  It's like using a spray bottle to fight
      a raging forest fire.
      And don't forget the new people in the future who will visit the
      newsgroup. Unless they are unusually motivated or knowledgeable, they
      will judge the newsgroup's purpose based on the content of the spam and
      not the real discussion.  Thus kill files won't even be considered by
      them since from their reckoning the newsgroup's purpose has already
      been decided (and their kill files will be empty to start out!)  Only
      those already established on the newsgroup will consider using kill
      files.  Thus, those who flippantly believe that kill files are adequate
      to solve the problem are being short-sighted and even selfish, and not
      considering the effect on new subscribers to the newsgroup.  Free
      expression is destroyed when new subscribers turn away because of the
      spam.
3) MODERATION -- There are many who believe that a solution to a lot of
   problems on Usenet is to require all newsgroups to be moderated.  The
   arguments for this are many, but few realize that moderation can have a
   profound stifling of free expression for certain subjects.  It also puts
   the burden on moderators, who are now vulnerable to attack, and any
   organization which does not like discussion on a certain moderated
   newsgroup can put pressure on the moderator.  This, of course, would be a
   threat to the free expression we now enjoy on Usenet.  And it would take a
   while for moderation to be implemented even if the Usenet community
   decides now that it should be done.
4) HUNT DOWN THE SPAMMERS -- This is being done, and should continue to be
   done to make life miserable for the spammers, but at the bottom line it so
   far has not reduced, and certainly not eliminated, the spamming.  The
   reason for this is that the spammers seem to have a virtually unlimited
   supply of new accounts.  They are probably now acquiring new accounts as
   fast as they are being pulled.  There is no reason why this can't go on
   for months or even indefinitely.
5) CANCEL THE SPAM POSTS -- This certainly should and is now being done.
   However, because we have a moving target, and thousands of posts, issuing
   cancels is not a trivial exercise.  In addition, many sites don't honor
   cancels.  And, finally, the spammer can simply overcome the cancels by
   continuing to repost over and over again as fast as the canceler can do
   its thing.  The delay time between the arriving of a spam post and the
   effect of cancel will guarantee enough posts will hang around to clog up
   the newsgroup and render it nearly useless for discussion.
6) LAW-ENFORCEMENT/LEGAL ACTION -- This spamming is clearly a disruption of
   electronic data communications, and in the U.S. may be a Federal offense
   (if an organization is behind it, it could also be RICOable or lead to a
   class action lawsuit).  But the DoJ/FBI will not investigate this until
   enough ISP's themselves request it -- they've shown in prior complaints
   from individuals to not be very interested in investigating.  And legal
   action cannot be taken until you get the conclusive evidence required to
   take the spammers to court.  Even though we're sure who's behind the spam,
   it cannot easily be proven in court since you have to first find the real
   people behind the accounts (which is not easy, especially if they keep
   moving around -- it'd take the FBI to do this), and then when you find
   them, to connect them to any organization (this can also be very hard.)
It is my opinion that the massive spamming on a.r.s. is a major threat to
Usenet, and the Usenet community needs to be very concerned.  The hopefully
partial list of solutions I outlined above (do you have more ideas?) may not
be adequate to stop the spam and protect a.r.s. from oblivion.  However, if
we as a cyber community join together as one voice, we may be able to force a
resolution in favor of freedom of expression for all.
I offer one way in the next section by which you can raise your voice, and it
is as easy as sending a blank e-mail message.  Of course, I urge you to take
other actions as well if you are in a position to do so.  Become involved on
alt.religion.scientology for starters!  There's still good discussion taking
place, though you'll have to wade through the huge piles of spam.
SIGN (via e-mail) A STATEMENT PROTESTING CoS SPAM!
If you are now concerned by what's happening, I offer one way by which you can
do something to show your concern.  I've drafted a short statement protesting
CoS spam which you can sign via e-mail if you agree with it.  After a month or
so, an independent third-party (maybe someone in the news media) will verify
my tally of the signatures and the number will be posted, as well as sent to
the news media and possibly even law enforcement.  Of course, CoS will see the
tally of signatures since their intelligence organization continually monitors
the Internet.  Here's the protest statement:
"We, the undersigned, looking at the evidence, have concluded that the Church
     of Scientology (or one of its many affiliated organizations) is officially
     behind the massive, highly disruptive and immoral spamming of the
     newsgroup 'alt.religion.scientology'.  It is a serious and grave threat
     to freedom of expression on the Internet.  We therefore call upon the
     Church of Scientology to immediately cease this action, to publicly
     disavow it, and to work with the Internet community to prevent this from
     reoccuring."
If you agree with this statement, send e-mail, no later than June 30, 1996, to:
     petition-1
Before sending a message to the above e-mail address, you MUST read ALL
following "fine print".  If you don't, your signature may be lost or I simply
cannot or will not use it.  Also, if you forward this post, please keep all
the information (above and below) intact!  If you fear retribution for your
signature, please read item  below -- you have nothing to fear as your
signature will be kept confidential.
1)  This is NOT a vote.  If you don't agree with the above statement, your
    only recourse is NOT to send e-mail to the above address.  Or, to put
    it another way, sending an e-mail message to the above address, no matter
    what your views or what you say in the message, is an AUTOMATIC AGREEMENT
    with the statement.  You have been forewarned.
2)  Each reply sent to the above e-mail address will be authenticated by an
    automatic mailing back to you (it will also emphasize point 1 above).
    This is to prevent forged e-mail addresses being used to try to either
    inflate the tally or to discredit the signature gathering process.
3)  Leave the e-mail message blank -- I won't read what you write anyway.
    If you have a point to make, it is better you post it to the relevant
    Usenet newsgroups (and which I highly encourage -- the more public
    discussion on this matter, the better.)
4)  Note that in the signature e-mail address the character after the '-'
    is a 'one' and not an 'ell'.
5)  Your e-mail address will be extracted from the From: lines in the header
    block of your message.  So be careful which account you use.  It is
    recommended you avoid using any government and military accounts -- using
    your work account may also be unwise depending on your terms of agreement
    with your employer providing the account.
6)  Please only sign once (but do ask your friends to also sign it!)
7)  The e-mail address to send your signature "petition-1 is NOT
    the same as my personal e-mail address.  If you do send your agreement to
    my personal e-mail address it'll probably get lost.  If you don't get an
    automatic reply within a few days of submitting your signature, it may
    mean your signature got lost.  And if you try to sign by simply replying
    to this post in your newsreader without changing the To: line to the
    e-mail address "petition-1 your reply will not be sent to the
    right place!
    In summary, be very careful which e-mail address you use -- it MUST be
    'petition-1 and not any other !!!!!
8)  To protect those who do e-mail sign the statement, I will not post the
    list of e-mail signatures, nor will they be released to CoS nor any other
    party except the person who will independently verify the tally, who will
    be sworn to secrecy on the matter (if it is a person in the news media,
    they will be covered under Press protection).  I will keep the signatures
    triply DES-encrypted on any media I store them on and the encrypted list
    will also be kept by another person I trust (but who will not have the
    decryption keys).  I will only further reveal the names on the list if I
    receive a valid court order to do so.  The list will not be used for any
    junk-mail, though I may e-mail those on the list in the future should any
    *major* event occur related to Scientology activity that has grave and
    profound ramifications for the Internet, such as this spam attack.
--> AND DO ADD A LINK FROM YOUR WEB SITE TO THE SCIENTOLOGY CRITICS PAGES!
There are many great sites on the Web that summarize the many attacks so far
on the Internet community by CoS, most of them motivated, in my opinion, by a
desire to suppress all discussion critical of them.  These sites also talk
about Scientology in general which makes for a very sobering "wake up"
experience for those not familiar with this controversial organization.
The primary Web site describing the attack on the Internet is by Ron Newman:
(You can also go to Scientology's official Web site from the above link, so
you can read the other side of the issues -- CoS refuses to reciprocate,
Also check out these other three Web sites which, in turn, have links to many
Web sites which discuss Scientology from many perspectives:
   (great index)
It is IMPORTANT if you do add a link to one or more of the above sites, or
any other Scientology-related site, to inform me when you have done so.  That
way, at some future time, if the links change in any way, I can quicky
contact you with updated information.  Our goal is to get at least 10,000
links, and preferably 100,000, world-wide -- please help us -- link to one
of the above sites today!
FINAL WORDS
Hurry, please e-mail your signature to the protest statement right now!  And
be sure to send it to petition-1 and NOT to my e-mail address as
seen in my .sig below!
Thank you.
Jon Noring

@_date: 1996-06-09 18:07:11
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: RFD: Time to kick some anti-scientologist ass? 
Actually, now that you mention it, mine is pegged.  I hadn't noticed,
because I was busy trying to recalibrate my bullshit detector which
was off the fucking dial.
LD's post is full of shit.
David Gerard, Jon Noring, and Ron Newman are not "flamers."  People
who have even lurked there for a short while should know this.  I've
seen Ron urge people towards compassionate behavior on a.r.s. more than
just about anyone on a.r.s.  It's a bit hard to be compassionate when
you're dealing with a group that uses every means at its disposal to
silence its critics.
I don't even think Nauta is on a.r.s., except for perhaps an occasional
crosspost or two.  Perhaps he lurks, but he doesn't post there to any
significant extent.
I don't know of any "Anti-Scientologists" who are forging cancels.  I
really doubt anyone would have checked with Dimitri first, though :)
JEM did issue a bunch of cancels, as have some of the ISPs whose
services have been abused.
We have been inundated with over 12,000 "vertical spam" posts since
May 19th, and it's still coming in.  Many of these posts are
repetitions of the same materials, and must be well over the BI by
"Anti-Scientologists" have discussed various technological methods of
dealing with the spam (cross-posted to news.admin.net-abuse), but no
plan has been seized upon due to lack of consensus.
I've written an article in the latest issue of my zine about the spam,
if people would like more info.  URL in my sig.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-06-10 09:13:42
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: RFD: Time to kick some anti-scientologist ass? 
Gee, those poor CoS posters you mention must be pretty busy to generate
that many messages (which were then canceled).
Homer adjusted Lazarus, and the last I knew the reports didn't have enough
info for anyone to tell who the sender of the cancel was.  Here's an
example from back on the 5th:
- - ----------------------------------------------------------
Mon Jun  3 19:45:33 EDT 1996  Lazarus V2.3
Article: 176082
Control: cancel <4opuv5$6s0
- - ----------------------------------------------------------
Homer condensed them to one post, as they were just exacerbating the spam
clutter.  I wish he'd have left more info in them.
To be honest, I haven't paid that much attention to them in the last few
days, since it's impossible to tell from them who issued the cancel.
If you know who is forging cancels you might want to share with me, but I
honestly don't.  The only people I am aware of who have been canceling have
been JEM and some of the ISPs involved.  Vague accusations against
"Anti-Scientologists" don't really tell me much.
I haven't seen any of the actual cancels, and I wouldn't know how to identify
them as being from your bot.
Those "certain Co$ supporters" are all probably one person who's telnetting
to open NNTP ports and forging thousands of messages a day.  The posts are
all obviously produced by a script (pulling info mainly from the CoS book
_What is Scientology_), and they are not anything even in the neighborhood
of an honest attempt at communication.  It's Net abuse, and I think you
must be trolling if you don't see that.
Should have known you'd go where the action is :)
The messages that are being canceled are forgeries.  They are a result
of an abuse of service.  That isn't at all the same as CoS canceling due
to content.  Those poor "certain Scientologists" you mentioned have produced
over 12,000 forged messages, which are actually only a small number of
articles that are being continually reposted.  Most must be way over the BI.
I'm not crying a river for them.
Wow.  Good thing that there was a relevant portion, huh.  :)  Sorry I missed
I have some mixed feelings about the CoS materials that were posted through
the remailers.  I'm sorry that Hacktic was shut down, but I don't think that
was the intent of the people who posted those materials.  They were blowing
the whistle on a criminal organization.  I can't honestly say whether I think
their actions were "right" or not.  In any case, the actions you've described were committed by a handful of people.
There are hundreds of Anti-Scientologists who post to a.r.s., and many more who
lurk.  Probably less than 5 have done wholesale posting of copyrighted
(beyond what would be considered "fair use") and most of them didn't even use
remailers.  Scamizdat being the big exception.
I'm assuming that your anti-"Anti-Scientologist" screed is just an attempt to
get people riled up.  Having fun?
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-06-11 09:52:16
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Anti-Scientologists 
So we're going to argue about whether the word "cult" should apply
to CoS??  Okay, how about this: it's a _religion_ that uses
deception, mind control techniques, and criminal activities to
attempt to get as much possible money from as many marks^H^H^H^H^H
worshippers as possible, and goes to extreme lengths to silence
its critics.
Is that better?
Hubbard started CoS because he was getting too much heat over the
quackery and pseudoscience in "Dianetics."
I'm going to start a religion, too, called the Church of the Shell
Game.  Don't you call it a cult, or I'll be real mad!
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-06-17 08:30:46
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Snake Oil on the Water... 
Me too :)
Here's the reply I sent to that list.  I cc'd the person who sent the
original message...
I like Pmail.  Had I not been an experienced Eudora user before I
tried it (and pretty stuck on the Eudora interface) I would have
probably stuck with it.  Kudos to the Pegasus team for releasing
a freeware program with such excellent filtering capabilites.  It
is much more of a full-fledged program than Eudora Lite, IMHO.
This would seem to eliminate the immense benefit of public key
encryption -- that you can send encrypted email to someone you
haven't met, without any prior communication.  If you have
security concerns, they will probably apply to whatever
communication media that you would use to agree on the password.
If I have a secure method to agree on a password with someone,
what the heck do I need crypto for?  ;)
Also, I'm assuming that you can only send encrypted mail to
other Pmail users.  PGP is above those kinds of limitations --
it can be used on many platforms and with many different types
of email packages.
This is misleading, IMHO.
While the export of the US version is "regulated by Federal
Cypher Laws," PGP is not like some products which export a
weaker version to accomodate ITAR.  The version of PGP for people
outside of the US is developed outside of the US, and is just
as strong as the domestic version, AFAIK.
Some people's lives, business, etc. depend on what type of
crypto they use.  I don't think it's really appropriate to make
misleading claims like the one above when the stakes are that
Please drop this claim for your promotional efforts, or back
it up with specific evidence showing how ITAR has weakened
For those people who want to use PGP with Pegasus, there's a
nice little plug-in for Pegasus called PGP JN, by John Navas,
which allows you to choose to encrypt with PGP (you need to
have a copy) instead of the Pmail crypto.  It has a few small
drawbacks, IMHO, but I found it much easier to use than PGP
shell interfaces that require cutting text to the clipboard John's program is available at:
I really think the Pegasus team would do better to mention
that John's program is available, rather than try to steer
people away from PGP.  PGP JN makes using the basic email
features of PGP more streamlined than most other mail
packages I've used (except Private Idaho, which is not a
full-fledged email package).  I think it would be better to
mention that both options exist, rather than seeking to
convert the masses away from PGP, which is unlikely to
succeed anyway, IMHO.
PC users who use PGP should try Pegasus and PGP JN.
Private Idaho is available from Joel McNamara's page, at:
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-06-17 16:09:58
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Snake Oil on the Water... 
Yes, you're absolutely right, and I owe the Pegasus author a big
apology for assuming that this guy who thinks there's a 40 bit
domestic version of PGP had anything to do with Pegasus.
I really misspoke, and I apologize.
BTW, I've heard that Pmail is progressing quite well.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-06-24 08:09:35
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Zimmerman/Viacrypt 
Sometimes these workplace privacy issues are really hard for me to come to a
clear decision on.
I don't know how many of you have been in a workplace where someone quit by
just walking out in the middle of the day, but I have.  Things would have
been really messy had the person left encrypted data lying around that the
company had no key for.  It probably wouldn't have been hard to get a judge
to make the employee give up the key (after getting the judge to understand
what the hell encryption is...), but the time lost might have had a real
impact on project deadlines.
I'm not sure what the answer is, but I have a feeling that as an employer I
probably wouldn't want to provide encryption that I had no key for.  What if
an employee died suddenly, and I needed access to their records/email?
Perhaps a somewhat enlightened employer could opt to split the escrowed key
up and pass it along to several people in the office, to help prevent
management from just spying on everyone.
Phil's feelings about PGP are a different matter, though.  If he feels it
shouldn't be used that way, and that Viacrypt has violated their agreement,
then he should pursue it, IMHO.  It doesn't necessarily follow that he's
just using it as an excuse to wrest the commercial version from them.  He
may feel they really have gone beyond what was agreed upon.  I suppose it
will be up to the courts to decide whether the escrow system is a "back
door" or not.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-07-22 04:44:05
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Length of passphrase beneficial? 
Ugh.  Erle, you might want to check out the Diceware method for generating
passphrases.  It lets you generate a lengthy passphrase that is random and
that you might actually be able to remember :)
I don't have a URL handy, but if you go to Altavista and search for
"diceware" you should find it...  It might be indexed at Yahoo, too...
Actual short answer: yes :)
Look for the passphrase FAQ, for a better explanation than I can give...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-08-09 09:41:55
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
This information has been available in Oregon for at least a couple of
years on CD.  I've always been concerned about the privacy implications of
that service -- perhaps that's the upside of this story?  That people do
give a rat's ass about their privacy?
I do think that the information should be able to be disseminated on the
Net as long as it's legal.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-08-09 19:38:16
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Oregon License Plate Site in the News Tonight! 
A clever terrorist could get the CD and do the same thing :)  They're
clever, right?
That's a function of what information the State decides to make availble.
The fact that it's on the Net or not shoudln't be the issue.  If I can buy
it on a CD or march into a State office and get it, the same potential
harms exist.
I persoannly think this info is a privacy threat.  But if it's legal to
distribute in other forums, the Net should be no different, IMHO.  All Net
terrorist hype aside.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-08-24 16:30:46
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: FWD: Julf Forced to Reval Names 
The article below was posted to the newsgroup alt.religion.scientology.
I cannot as of yet verify the contents.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Today on 22nd of August the local court of first instance in
Helsinki decided that Johan Helsingius has to reveal the email
adress asked for by the Police Department of Helsinki. This has to
be done within 30 days when summoned for interrogation.
Since this is merely a part of a case, this decision can't be
appealed. If Helsingius still refuses to reveal the info he will be
repeatedly fined and ultimately jailed for up to six months. The
decisions about fines and jail can be appealed, but an appeal won't
stay the execution of the ordered fine/jail, only a judgement of the
appeals court will. The questions about different appeals in this
case are somewhat complex and regarding the possibility to appeal it
was a split decision (4-1).
The court ruled against Helsingius in this matter. During the
hearing Helsingius argued against this view in many ways: he
objected on constitutional grounds and on grounds relating to
statutes regarding criminal investigation.
This information is based mainly on message <4vi0tt$geq
in the local Finnish newsgroup sfnet.keskustelu.laki, by Kaj Malmberg,
the police officer in charge of the investigation of the matter where
Scientology scriptures were posted through anon.penet.fi.
More reports from this case will probably follow soon.
[posted & mailed to a few individuals]
 pjs Student of Theology & Law Student at the U of Helsinki
 Disclaimer: Speaking for myself only. Always using PGP to sign articles.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-09-23 10:51:34
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
Jim, that's a quote of Potter Stewart from the Pentagon Papers case, if I'm
not mistaken.  It's not written in the Constitution, but Supreme Court
precedent is the next best thing as far as con law goes.
What you need to do is look at the case law :)
The government can restrict speech in time, place or manner, according to
the courts.  Restricting content is more difficult, and places a much
heavier burden on the gov.
To expect people writing about and arguing the case to completely ignore
the existing case law is foolish, IMHO.
I think that John and EFF are doing us a huge service by their involvement
in the case.
I am very optimistic about the outcome of the Bernstein case.  Judge
Patel's ruling that source code = speech really puts the debate in the
plaintiff's court, and we saw some of that in the hearing on Friday, IMHO.  Much of the argument was about prior restraint, with the government trying
to claim that they are only trying to restrict a specific functionality of
crypto code and not the ideas behind it.  This seemed to be a fairly weak
argument to me, and the plaintiff's attorney pointed out that the ideas
embodied in the source code are what dictate the functionality.
The plaintiff's attorney (Cindy Cohn) also argued 3 lines of cases that
bear on the issue:
1) Compelled speech.
2) Anonymity.
3) Freedom of association.
Cohn also argued that the statute is vague (terms like "general principle"
and "fundamental research") and overbroad; also that the current version of
ITAR does not even meet the scrutiny of the DOJ's own OLC review of the
When the attorney for the gov tried to drift back to the issue of whether
source code is speech, Judge Patel said, "You'll get that chance again in
another court with more judges."
Near the end of the hearing, the government attorney stated that the
statute describes "what is not controlled," which elicited a pretty hearty
laugh from the spectators.  Not a real strategic admission.
The plaintiff's brief is at:
There's quite a bit of info in that same directory.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-09-24 05:43:49
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
I double-checked, and it is Potter Stewart from that case.  Here's the
whole paragraph:
"But in the cases before us, we are asked neither to construe specific
regulations nor to apply specific laws. We are asked, instead, to perform a
function that the Constitution gave to the Executive, not the Judiciary. We
are asked, quite simply, to prevent the publication by two newspapers of
material that the Executive Branch insists should not, in the national
interest, bepublished. I am convinced that the Executive is correct with
respect to some of the documents involved. But I cannot say that disclosure
of any of them will surely result in direct, immediate, and irreparable
damage to our Nation or its people. That being so, there can under the
First Amendment be but one judicial resolution of the issues before us. I
join the judgments of the Court."
Interestingly, Stewart says earlier:
"I should suppose that moral, political, and practical considerations would
dictate that a very first principle of that wisdom would be an insistence
upon avoiding secrecy for its own sake. For when everything is classified,
then nothing is classified, and the system becomes one to be disregarded by
the cynical or the careless, and to be manipulated by those intent on
self-protection or self-promotion. I should suppose, in short, that the
hallmark of a truly effective internal security system would be the maximum
possible disclosure, recognizing that secrecy can best be preserved only
when credibility is truly maintained."
This is the beauty of Patel's earlier ruling.  The fact that we are
possibly talking about speech places a much stronger burden on the gov to
restrict it.
Anyone who was at the hearing on Friday heard some form of the word
"function" repeated many times.  This definitely seems to be the heart of
the gov's argument.  I think it's not gonna float, but IANAL, either :)
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-09-25 04:14:45
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
Anyone who mistakes the lack of "repudiations" for AP on the list for some
kind of tacit approval is not getting the whole picture, IMHO.  Is this how journalists do their research nowadays -- "give me some info or
I'll write something really bad about you that you'll regret?"  Cool.  I
guess I thought there might still be some kind of pursuit of the truth
I personally don't have the time or energy to contribute to the AP threads.
That != approval for the idea.
I hope you include your above quote in your piece.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-09-26 01:01:05
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: SAY WHAT? [Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write!] 
I always thought that the intent of AP was to bore me to tears and fill up
my mailbox with rubbish :)  Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-10-03 02:10:17
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: NYT on IBM GAK 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Isn't there at least a slight contradiction here?  Hello, Mr. Markoff?  Is
RSA really involved in this "alliance" (read "sell out") or did IBM just
throw out their name?
Inquiring minds want to know...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-10-03 17:31:50
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: NYT on IBM GAK 
The word "boycott" leaped into my mind.  I personally do not believe that I
will be buying products from any of these companies, as long as thay
participate in this GAK charade.

@_date: 1996-10-05 03:31:10
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Key recovery/RSA/Bidzos/WTF?!? 
RSA's "position statement" is at:
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-10-08 09:08:12
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Can somebody unsubscribe cyberpromo from CP? 
I did a "who" and didn't see them.  Maybe someone already took care of it...
BTW, the messages I was receiving from "abusebot were sent
to me, not the list.  I wrote the address in their email and was told that
apparently someone was forging notes to their "abuse" address from mine --
the information about reporting abuses, etc, comes back in response.  I was
told the messages would be blocked, but I'm not sure if it happened as I'm
now filtering them.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-10-08 09:07:38
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Dole web site cracked? 
Heh.   is definitely the address Dole gave at the close of the
debate.  The fact that the billing contact and one of the domain servers
are at "getcaught.com" is perhaps just a fine bit of irony...
I tried to connect to  with no success, so I'm not sure
what's there...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-10-13 14:11:49
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Fuck Cyberpromo 
Why not just filter the shit?   It's not like they're switching addresses
or anything.  All mail from that address just goes straight to my trash
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-11-02 10:34:08
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
This all seems really silly to me.
Are people on this list not sophisticated enough to be capable of filtering
his posts if they don't like to read them?
What's to stop him from using reailers or nymservers?  Are you going to
block them, too?
By doing something like this you give him far more attention and
encouragement than he deserves.  It's a big mistake, IMHO.

@_date: 1996-11-02 17:00:36
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis is not on cypherpunks any more 
I am guessing that people who come to read cpunks are probably more likely
to have a grasp of filtering technologies than the average Net newbie.  I
may be mistaken.
Is telling the truth a requirement for participating on the list?  ;)
How about posting a mini-FAQ about Dimitri or something?  Responding to
speech you dislike with more speech?
I think you underestimate people's ability to evaluate the situation.  You
mean well, but this type of paternal, well-meaning censorship is censorship
(I know this isn't censorship in the strictest definition of the term, as
in government restriction of speech, but I'd like to see us err on the side
of keeping the forum as open as possible. YMMV.)
Judging any Usenet newsgroup or mailing list based on it's kookiest member
could produce the same result.  I'm relying on people to be able to pick a
kook out of a crowd.
Would you prefer that the representation that people get of Cypherpunks be
of a group that kicks people off the list who disturb them?  Are
Cypherpunks that thin-skinned?  I have never been forced to read one of the KOTM's messages -- it has
always been my choice to.
After the last Bernstein hearing, Tim and I ended up at the same table for
lunch, along with two other people.  The four of us began discussing
Scientology, and partway through the conversation I realized that the Tim I
was talking with was Tim May, and that we had already covered some of the
same ground on this list.
Tim was very persuasive in his view that the Scientologists should be given
the widest latitude to spread their views, and that their right to speak be
guaranteed.  While I consider myself a free speech advocate, I am not an
absolutist, and I loathe the CoS leadership.  I was much more equivocal
about their rights.
As the conversation went on, I found my self more and more drawn in by
Tim's arguments, as they were very much in line with my feelings on other
speech-related issues. I found his points very persuasive, and they have
had a lasting impact on my view of the situation, and my posts to
I find it ironic to see someone kicked off a list for bad-mouthing Tim, who
I found to be a very eloquent defender of free speech.
I still think it's a big mistake.
How can you really keep him off the list?  Limit posting to subscribers?
Ban remailers and nym accounts?
Don't you think he'll try to make himself a martyr; a victim?  Will that
make Cypherpunks look better?

@_date: 1996-11-03 12:11:12
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Telling quote from Bernstein hearing 
At 09:31 AM 11/3/96 -0800, Dale Thorn Government Consultant won't idea, but we Heh :)
I think that Lucky hit on a choice quote from Coppolino -- it was really at
the heart of his arguments.
Since Judge Patell ruled that source code is speech, the ground has really
shifted from just limiting crypto to limiting Bernstein's freedom of
speech, and this is much to the government's disadvantage.
Coppolino tried to avoid the issue by claiming that the government is not
interested in restraining Bernstein's ideas (claiming several times that
the government does not interfere with academic discussion of crypto), but
that they want to impede the specific functionality of Snuffle.
Bernstein's attorney, Cindy Cohn, aptly replied that the ideas behind the
crypto _dictate_ the functionality, and that you can't restrain one without
affecting the other (or words to that effect).
I don't think that Coppolino meant that they do not understand Bernstein's
ideas :)  (though perhaps he does not...)
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at U.S. State Censorship Page at - New EF zine "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-11-03 19:35:57
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Telling quote from Bernstein hearing 
Actually, Coppolino mentioned the CDA in the Bernstaein hearing.  I haven't
gone through the transcript, but the gist of his point was that, while the
Judges in Philly had found that the CDA was prior restraint, ITAR was not
(or something similar).
I did not find his arguments very persuasive -- he seemed stuck on the idea
that crypto is not speech, when that had already been ruled against by
Judge Patel.
He may have been trying to make the record clear, for possible appeal.

@_date: 1996-11-16 10:01:32
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Does John Gilmore... 
Such a case would obviously fail.  John has the right to ban anyone he
wants from a list that he is hosting.
I do question, though, whether or not it was the best way to handle the
situation.  As I have argued, the availability of end-user filtering made
banning Dimitri from the list unnecessary, IMHO.  And the list owner giving
people the boot sure doesn't fit with the picture I have had of what
cypherpunks was about.  YMMV.
I think that John is doing a lot of great things for crypto (his
participation in the Bernstein case, S/WAN, etc.) and I agree with at least
90% of the things I see him doing.  I think he made the wrong call with
Dimitri, though.
Actually, if John was trying to cut down on the noise by banning the Kook,
I think it's backfired.  It seems like there is even more irrational
chatter now...
Rich Burroughs

@_date: 1996-12-07 23:37:58
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: cause for alarm 
The dec96 issue of _cause for alarm_ has hit the web.
You can get to it via the home page, at:
_cause for alarm_ is a zine which explores threats to
freedom of speech, as well as other online freedoms.
This month's features focus on the persecution of
Bernie S, and the landmark Bernstein v US Department
of State crypto case.
Past topics have included a primer on starting local
activist groups, Intel's hosing of Perl wizard Randal
Schwartz, and the Church of Scientology. Also, interviews
with prominent Net activists.
I'm seeking contributions for future issues. If you'd
like more info, point your web browser at:
Or send email to richieb with the words
"submission guidelines" (without the quotes) in the
subject line of your message.
Rich Burroughs
Editor and Publisher, cause for alarm

@_date: 1996-12-18 18:08:30
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Eudora PGP Plugin 
There is one, but I don't have the URL handy.  Hopefullly someone will
chime in with it.
Personally, I can't wait to check out the Eudora support in PGPmail 4.5,
the new, commercial version of the software from PGP Inc.  Supposedly
it has a special toolbar for Eudora users, plus some other GUI
enhancements for 95 users, like encryption through Windows Explorer.
It should be out sometime in January, and the price point had not been
determined yet, AFAIK.  You don't need a commercial version if you're
not using it for business purposes, but I may pony up for a copy anyway if
it turns out to be as cool as it sounds.
Check  for more info...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1996-12-19 08:13:52
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: EFF: Bernstein court declares crypto restrictions unconstitutional 
This is the best news that I have heard in some time :)
Congrats to John, EFF, Cindy Cohn, and the other counsel for Professor
I am very much looking forward to seeing that decision...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  U.S. State Censorship Page at - dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-01-26 15:26:17
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: PGPmail for Windows, Version 4.5 
It really does rock.  I owned Eudora 3 already, but if I didn't I would
purchase it for using PGPmail alone.
Another great feature of PGPmail is that it adds PGP functionality to the
Windows Explorer.  When you right-click on a file in Windows, a PGP
submenu is added to the normal right-click menu, allowing you to encrypt,
decrypt, etc. This product really has the ease of use that is needed to get PGP more
into the mainstream.  Like Duncan, I found it very easy to incorporate my
existing keyrings.  I'm very impressed.
I haven't tried it with NT 4.0 yet, and don't know how well it works.  I
run the same copy of Eudora with 95 and NT, so I'm assuming it will be
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-01-05 15:12:00
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? 
And I thought he just rigged a few radio contests.  Maybe there was more in
that storage compartment the cops searched than computer stuff...
BTW, I've see people make links to that article, even on pages purporting
to support hackers.  That article originally occurred in "Freedom" (sic)
magazine, published by CoS (they have a trademark on the word
"freedom"...), and it had a few insidious purposes, IMHO:
1) To whip up fear about Internet crime, to aid the CoS strategy of
branding the critics who have allegedly violated their copyrights as
computer criminals.
2) To smear (or "dead agent" in CoS lingo) Dennis Erlich, a critic that CoS
is suing for copyright infringement, by placing him in the company of some
of the country's best known hackers.  Dennis is not a hacker by any means

@_date: 1997-01-05 22:49:43
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: RE: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
Hmmm.  There has been some of that, but some of use who have spoken about
freedom of speech have done so because of legitimate concerns, not just to
gain advantage in an ongoing, juvenile campaign.
Not completely.  The plan John mentioned didn't elimainate the full version
of the list -- it just added a modertated version.  There will still be
some garbage floating through Toad Hall, but not as much :)
I think the idea of two versions of the list is an excellent one, and it
avoids the issues raised by presenting the list in only a moderated form.
If people want the spam they can have it, and if they don't they can take
advantage of John and Sandy's work, and read a more coherent version of the
list.  I will certainly choose the latter, but it is nice to know that the
choice is mine.  John and Sandy -- thanks for getting this rolling.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  U.S. State Censorship Page at - dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-01-06 08:21:53
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experim 
5 fucks.
p.s.  Has anyone mentioned censoring the word "fuck," besides Ross?
Rich Burroughs  richieb  U.S. State Censorship Page at - dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-01-06 08:28:08
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
Be careful when mailbombing in retribution for spam.  Often the aricles are
forged, and sometimes it's with the direct intention of getting someone
else mailbombed.  I traded some email with a system administrator a few
days ago in this boat -- they had cancelled a customer's account, and to
get revenge the former customer sent out a bunch of spam that was forged to
look like it came from this sys admin's domain.  Even if the site wasn't
literally mailbombed, the system administrator had to spend a lot of time,
I'm sure, delaing with unhappy recipients of the spam, like myself.
Mailbombing is almost always a bad plan, IMHO, besides being a denial of
service attack and probably illegal in a lot of places.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  U.S. State Censorship Page at - dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-01-06 15:54:18
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: RE: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
I'm all for the moderation experiment.  Perhaps I didn't make that clear
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-01-26 12:32:57
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: PGPmail for Windows, Version 4.5 
It really does rock.  I owned Eudora 3 already, but if I didn't I would
purchase it for using PGPmail alone.
Another great feature of PGPmail is that it adds PGP functionality to the
Windows Explorer.  When you right-click on a file in Windows, a PGP
submenu is added to the normal right-click menu, allowing you to encrypt,
decrypt, etc. This product really has the ease of use that is needed to get PGP more
into the mainstream.  Like Duncan, I found it very easy to incorporate my
existing keyrings.  I'm very impressed.
I haven't tried it with NT 4.0 yet, and don't know how well it works.  I
run the same copy of Eudora with 95 and NT, so I'm assuming it will be
Rich Burroughs  richieb  See my Blue Ribbon Page at dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-02-11 06:26:27
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Ann: Encrypted disks for Windows NT (fwd) 
Anyone seen this here?  I wasn't sure if it had been posted, so I thought
I'd pass it on.  I have not looked at the software yet...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Soft Winter Corporation, February 10, 1997 released:
Shade - strong encryption software for Windows NT.
Shade allows you to create encrypted disk device inside a file.
Such a device can then be formatted using any file system
(like NTFS or FAT) and used as a regular disk. The only difference
is that Shade will encrypt the data on every write operation
and decrypt it on every read operation.
To download  go to: Soft Winter Corporation,

@_date: 1997-02-12 21:13:17
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: New group 
It has to be created on your local server, Dale.
Wait a bit, and if doesn't show up speak to someone st your ISP.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  U.S. State Censorship Page at - dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-02-15 13:56:10
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: 
Wow, the entire text of these messages were deleted.  And they came from
the list owner!  The censorship here is even worse that I had imagined...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  U.S. State Censorship Page at - dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-02-09 21:48:12
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Ann: Encrypted disks for Windows NT (fwd) 
Anyone seen this here?  I wasn't sure if it had been posted, so I thought
I'd pass it on.  I have not looked at the software yet...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Soft Winter Corporation, February 10, 1997 released:
Shade - strong encryption software for Windows NT.
Shade allows you to create encrypted disk device inside a file.
Such a device can then be formatted using any file system
(like NTFS or FAT) and used as a regular disk. The only difference
is that Shade will encrypt the data on every write operation
and decrypt it on every read operation.
To download  go to: Soft Winter Corporation,

@_date: 1997-02-12 20:10:25
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: New group 
It has to be created on your local server, Dale.
Wait a bit, and if doesn't show up speak to someone st your ISP.
Rich Burroughs  richieb  U.S. State Censorship Page at - dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -

@_date: 1997-02-15 11:54:06
@_author: Rich Burroughs 
@_subject: Re: 
Wow, the entire text of these messages were deleted.  And they came from
the list owner!  The censorship here is even worse that I had imagined...
Rich Burroughs  richieb  U.S. State Censorship Page at - dec96 issue "cause for alarm" -
