
@_date: 1996-01-26 05:09:28
@_author: Rick Tait 
@_subject: Microsoft's CryptoAPI - thoughts? 
What does everyone think about this? Perhaps I already missed the boat, but
I just found out about it. How would international apps work? Would a data
file encrypted with an app compiled with a US-only CSP (cryptographic
service provider) be able to be loaded by a European equivalent app?
[Info can be found at: egalitarian, philosopher, unix cowboy, '68 chevy pickup hacker

@_date: 1996-02-18 01:56:57
@_author: Rick Tait 
@_subject: Credit cards - Privacy - Unique Situation 
Being a British guy recently moved to the USA, I may be in a unique
situation in being able to protect my privacy, and I was wondering if
fellow cypherpunks may be able to give me some hints in being to "protect"
Since my SSN is barely a month old, since I don't yet have a credit card
over here, since I won't (yet?) be in many of those beloved databases, what
steps can I take to "hide" myself before it's too late? Too all intents and
purposes, I have metamorphed from a newborn US baby into an adult,
overnight. Thus I have an SSN, I pay tax (etc), but I'm not on anyone's
direct mailing lists.
Are there certain things I can do and say to absolve myself from being
assimilated into the thousands of pointless and harmful databases out there
in the USA? When and where and why do I have to give my SSN to seemingly so
Rick Tait   rickt

@_date: 1996-03-11 04:03:06
@_author: Rick Tait 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Gov't run anon servers 
Right. Couldn't you insert some kind of var into the kernel, rebuild and
upon each reboot have the remailer process (which would have to be root
owned) check for the value of this? I am of course assuming that the owner
of the remailer has admin control over the box, which is kind of unscalable.
If someone does gain entry to the machine, he'd need root to skim through
the kernel memory, and since he wouldn't have access to the remailer src
(you don't have it online, right?) he'd have a hard time looking for what he
Rick Tait                                        rickt
Unix cowboy, Technofuturist, Extropian, Crypto-anarchist, Brit Hacker
