
@_date: 1993-09-11 22:53:16
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: RC2/RC4 were uninfluenced by NSA, says Ron Rivest 
I claimed that RC2 and RC4 were derived in a process that involved
NSA asking that it be weakened in various ways.  This was a deduction
based on some apparently false information of mine.  Ron has set
me straight.
Please forget what I told you about RC2 and RC4...mea culpa.
------- Forwarded Message
Hi John --
Glad to see you're high-lighting Wiener's work; I think it is very
important that people see it...
Re RC2 and RC4: NSA had absolutely no influence on the design of
either algorithm; they are entirely of my own creation.  I'll take the
credit for their strengths, or the blame for their faults.  Please
take the trouble to correct any misimpressions you may have given
people. (I don't know who you sent your mail to...)  I have no
information on what sort of brute-force attack machines NSA has in its
basement, but it is certainly the case that, as I said before, nothing
in either design was affected by NSA or its capabilities.  These
algorithms are designed to be very good algorithms, but with a
variable key-size, so that you could try to get out of NSA the biggest
key size you could for export.  I really don't like your spreading false information about
my work, and wish you would take the simple step of talking to me
first; I'll be happy to talk to you.  (Feel free to repost this, in its entirety...)
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1998-09-19 17:46:02
@_author: Ron Rivest 
@_subject: Questions for Magaziner? // taxing crypto 
Hi Bob --
I feel mis-quoted and/or mis-represented in your note (below)
stating that "Magaziner mirrored Rivest's offer to tax encryption
products to pay for increased law enforcement technology support".
While I do feel that some measure of appropriate balance may be
accomplished by increasing the budget of the FBI and other
law-enforcement to help them compensate for whatever increased
difficulties they encounter because of the widespread use of
encryption, I do not recall ever suggesting that the revenues for such
increased budgets be raised by specifically taxing encryption
products, and I don't really think that is a sensible approach.  We don't
tax glove manufacturers to raise funds for the FBI fingerprint lab!
Any such funding should come out of general revenues, not by further
complicating the tax code.
------- Start of forwarded message ------- Return-Path:
 X-Sender: rah In-Reply-To:
 Date: Fri, 18 Sep 1998
16:44:07 -0400 To: "Arnold G. Reinhold" ,
cypherpunks cryptography dcsb From:
Robert Hettinga  Subject: Re: Questions for
Magaziner?  Sender: owner-cryptography
Okay, so the short precis on Magaziner's answer to my question about
encryption controls, foriegn or domestic, is he's agin it.
He says that controlling foriegn encryption is impossible, and controlling
domestic encryption is, at the very least, unconstitutional.
He says that the reason the administration's encryption policy is so
convoluted is that the law enforcement and the "economic" encryption camps,
anti, and pro, evidently, is that the two sides are at loggerheads.
Magaziner mirrored Rivest's offer to tax encryption products to pay for
increased law enforcement technology support, but, hey, he's a liberal
democrat, he's supposed to tax us to death without thinking about the
economic, and, of course privacy consequences of raising the price of
So, all in all, he got a round of foot-stomping applause from this bunch on
his pro-encryption stance, because, evidently, being a payments technology
forum, he was preaching to the choir. Something I found out when I was
doing my own speech yesterday. I should realize that anyone building a
payment system knows that digital commerce is financial cryptography, after
all. :-)
Bob Hettinga
