
@_date: 1994-07-26 20:30:38
@_author: Ray Cromwell 
@_subject: Re: GUT and NP 
Bezerk's original comment makes two assumptions.
1) continuum phenomena are real and space is not merely quantized
at a level which is undetectable by experiment (just because
physics models it as a continuum doesn't mean it is so)
2) all of this precision actually makes a difference
   For instance, at the level of brain chemistry, who cares
about quantum precision when thermal noises will swamp it anyway?
(the Penrose argument even goes as far as assuming quantum gravity, a force
pitifully weak, as a signficant factor)
   One of the reasons digital manipulation became popular was because analog data was too prone to error. Why will a quantum
computer, which seems even more sensitive to external perturbation,
be any different?
  And regardless of whether quantum computers work or not, they are
still algorithmic if they can be simulated (however slowly) by
a turing machine. It's a rigorous mathematical definition.  Claiming
otherwise uses algorithm in a manner different than was intended. It's like the way Ludwig Plutonium solves all those famous problems
in sci.math by assuming different definitions of primality, etc.
Quantum computers might be faster than classical computers, but
non-algorithmic, I don't think so.

@_date: 1994-07-27 13:45:15
@_author: Ray Cromwell 
@_subject: Re: GUT and NP 
The principle the arbitrary precision that comes from continuum
is swamped by just about everything else so building a machine
based on it is practically impossible?
  I wasn't talking specifically to you, I was talking to James Donald. It's conceivable that little green men also exist,
do you have a particular example in mind of your non-algorithmic
phenomena?     Your turn. I already layed out the definition. I can quote it from
as many automata theory texts as you like. One can not simply change
the definition of algorithm just because one doesn't like it. If
you do, you're no better than dear old Ludwig.

@_date: 1994-07-31 15:50:02
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Announcing: The Censorship Escrow System (CES) 
The Censorship Escrow System is a new service being provided
by The People for a Better Tommorow and SAVE OUR CHILDREN. CES's goals
o to provide children with a sanitized world view
o to prepare our children as proper citizens for their government
o to prevent children from developing sexual/political deviancy
o to preclude dangerous independent thinking
o to parent the child in absense of proper parental guidance
The CES concept is simple. CES will archive all of your children's
books, tv, and educational products. We will also record and archive
all of your child's telephone conversations. If you suspect that
your child is being exposed to Dangerous Ideas, you will provide
us with a key to unlock our archives for your child. We will then review
all of the materials for offending ideas, and then recommend a plan of
action. For a small fee, you will be eligible for the CCES, or
Complete Censorship Escrow System. Unlike CES's retroactive censorship, CCES will monitor all of the information your child is
to be presented with, and Escrow offending material until a later day
when your child is indoctrinated enough to resist the material. At that time (usually age 16-18), you may give your child a key
which he may present to us. The key will unlock all of the material
he was prevented from viewing.
Coming Soon: Internet Censorship Escrow System
o archiving of all newsgroups and mailing lists for escrow
o authentication of age to prevent your child from gaining access
o smart information filtering of K-12 newsgroups to remove/escrow material
   relating to sex, rebellion, etc.
o establishes an Internet Parent Overseer Board which when chaired by
a group of fine upstanding citizens from the community, has the power
to veto creation of public newsgroups which could be offensive to
CES: Protecting your children for a Better Tommorow!
From the people who brought you the Gun Ownership Escrow System (GOES),
Healthcare Escrow System (HES), and Hate Speech Escrow System (HSES). -The People for a Better Tommorow
side note: CES is available now for beta testing. The internal
company name for the project is Tipper. We expect to have an
electronic expert system version of our system called the Tipper Chip
available soon for implantation into VCRs, Home Video Game Systems,
and Computers.
