
@_date: 1993-04-07 22:59:54
@_author: as usual 
@_subject: Re: MATH: Zero Knowledge Proofs 
Excellent essay Tim (as usual). Is there a more practical method based on
a simpler 'intractable' problem? [not that it's useless. I could probably code up an implementation based on your description, but it seems like a pain to generate graphs everytime you want to prove some trivial knowledge.]

@_date: 1993-04-18 03:58:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Wiretapping chip: vid clips & sound bites 
The best innovation you came up with is calling it the "wiretap chip."
I propose that we stop referring to this chip as the "clipper chip" and
always refer to it as "the wiretap chip." Also, when using analogies, don't
bring up drug smugglers or terrorists.  One key to winning this battle is
to wage an information war. We have to manipulate the image of this proposal
so it looks more like a menace instead of a "protection."

@_date: 1993-04-29 03:16:59
@_author: e.g. you don't get source code? 
@_subject: Re: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
I partially agree with Tim, but RSA must be willing to make some compromises
on this. Mathematical/Algorithmic patents already face lots of opposition
in the user/programmer community, but charging high licensing fees on
such patents will inevitably force programmers to develop freeware
alternatives. I haven't seen Mailsafe, but from the reviews of it,
it sounds like it is vastly inferior to PGP and not worth $125.
It is also not "open" (e.g. you don't get source code?) which prevents
the cypherpunk community from making modifications that they want.
(I've also heard that RSA doesn't even support it well).
   A better course of action might be to remove the RSA engine from
PGP and distribute the source code, and a binary for free, but require
users to pay $30-50 to RSA to get the source code and binary for the
RSA engine.
  This maintains our flexibility to modify PGP as we see fit, but preserves
RSA's intellectual property. The downside is, platform portability
will be impacted slightly.   On the other hand, RSA could develop and maintain a PGP alternative
which has all the bells and whistles we like, and market it at reasonable
cost, say $50. (remember, Clipper chips will be cheaper than $40!)
  RSA's alternative is to have their patent become useless like most of the
compression patents through wide spread unauthorized used of their

@_date: 1993-05-12 17:50:18
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: CALLER ID? 
I sent out a reply to this thread by replied normally instead of
with group reply (I'm so used to the extropians list automatically
changing the Reply-To).  Could the person who received this
message forward it to the list?

@_date: 1993-05-13 00:28:25
@_author: cheaper off peak 
@_subject: Re: CALLER ID? 
I sent this out before, but it got lost.
  You can avoid ANIs for $0.00 in most areas by dialing your local
operator and saying "Could you please dial this 800 number, I am having
problems getting through to it." The ANI returns a bogus number, and
toll free operator assistance costs nothing here (C&P bell).

@_date: 1993-08-19 02:10:45
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: T. Wells & Anonymity 
This seems to be a case where technology can easily be applied to bring
about a mutually satisfactory solution. If Mr. Wells wants to moderate his anonymous posting service, why not have it immediately remove all header
information from the message, and store the result for later verification
and posting. Thus, Mr. Wells can still "weed-out" the annoying childish-insult
messages that someone like BIFF might post anonymously while protecting the
privacy of those who have legitimate needs.
  On the other hand, I feel Mr. Detweiler has gone a little overboard
in his attack in what seems to be an attempt to protect the masses from
their own stupidity. The simple facts of the matter are, any time you use an
anonymous remailer without encryption you run the risk of having your email intercepted. One thing people need to learn is that the world is a risky place
and any action you take can have negative consequences. I certainly
wouldn't send threats to president expecting Hal's
or Julf's remailers to protect me.
  Even using encryption, an anonymous remailer operator as well as many
other people can do traffic analysis. Unix keeps tons of logs which
are quite easy to parse. (I recently got finished writing syslog accounting
software which tracks all the path of all messages sent and
received on a system bills them based on bandwidth.)
 There are several things you can do such as remailer chaining, using
private machines (off the network), etc but none guarantee absolute
  If you are concerned about protecting the masses, write up your own
"Remailer Safety FAQ" detailing the benefits and dangers.
p.s. is there a proposal out there to increase the security of
moderated newsgroups? I was thinking that it might be a good idea
to incorporate digital signatures into the moderation protocol
such that newsreaders could filter out messages which didn't have
a proper moderator's signature.

@_date: 1993-08-27 08:47:50
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Mailer hooks for PGP 
Isn't there already a version of elm with pgp patches?

@_date: 1993-08-27 21:16:02
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Who is David Sternlight? 
No No No! Ludwig Plutonium was developed by the Atomic Energy Commission.
Alexander Abian (of "TIME HAS INERTIA", "CORRECT EARTH'S TILT BY DROPPING
MOON INTO OCEAN", and "GIVE VENUS An EARTh ORBIT AND CURE AIDS AND CANCER"
fame) was developed by the NSF.  Robert McElwaine was deployed by the CIA
to test the limits of what the populace will believe before they see
through propaganda. (JUMBO COSMOSPHERES, BIOLOGICAL TRANSMUTATION, THE
RECIPROCAL SYSTEM)
   The Department of Commerce is now testing an automated program which
posts long diatribes on Japan and the need for "industrial
policy" (American version of MITI). This program has the unique approach
in that it posts messages to _every newsgroup_
  Why is the government developing all these propaganda robots? Well, in
1976 a secret panel of government officials called Majestic-14 met with
the head of the Trilateral Commission and the Bilderburgers to fight the
Martian Invasion and the Communists. The Communists and the Martians
had contracted with Folger's to secretly replace our government officials
with idiots. (And you thought they only did that with coffee, wrong!
The coffee commercials were a carefully constructed coverup)
  Anyway, the Folger replacements didn't work (the Communists thought they
would because the average person was an idiot too) So the Martians and
the Communists moved to and now control the University of California at
  The Centurians then arrived and became very jealous that the Martians
and Communists had their own college. They created a super-android
code-named Ronald Reagan to fight the Communists-Martians and cut Federal
Spending for colleges. Professor Robert T. Birch-Sternlight, a member of
SEVSO (Super Elite Very Secretive Organization) decided that enough was
enough. He single-handedly pioneered AI (Artificial Insanity), a carefully
calculated technology to rid this planet of Martians and Centurians once
and for all.
  The AEC, SEC, RTC, FDIC, CIA, NSF, NSA, DEA, DoD, DoC, were all directed
to deploy this software on the internet for testing before installing it
at the New York Times, Newsweek, and Time Magazine.
  Some say NYT and Time are already beta-testing AI.
-Ray, member of HEMSATWOSEVSO(Hyper Elite Mega Secretive Agency That
Watches over SEVSO)
p.s. Hillary Clinton is actually a Star-Baby from the 24th century
who came back in time to prevent the Centurians and Earthmen from
teaming up to up the Galatic Matriarchy.
followups-to: alt.alien.visitors,talk.politics.misc,comp.ai,sci.space,
              alt.conspiracy
(alt.alien.visitors is a coverup! The so-called UFO enthusiasts in there
are really government agents attempting to locate the Plutonian base!)
THE MARS FACE IS REALLY ELVIS!

@_date: 1993-08-27 22:57:58
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Another BBS Seizure in Hartford 
Does this mean I can be arrested for mentioning the fact that dry ice
and water put into an empty 2-liter bottle of Coke makes a nice explosion?

@_date: 1993-08-31 08:56:30
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: EFF bribery and corruption, not! 
Oh, the horrors! Just think about it. A corporation doing something for
  I'll be cheering the day when AT&T, MCI, Sprint, the Baby Bells, and
the Cable Companies start offering internet service to the home at
affordale rates. (In fact, I've already read news on Clarinet of some cable company's
plan to sell a cable-modem pc card giving high speed internet access
at not much more than going phone rates)

@_date: 1993-09-06 03:26:14
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Anonymous Forwarding 
Do you have spare email accounts laying around?   Would you like to have them forward mail to your main account anonymously?
  These are the questions which led me to hack up an anonymous .forward
technique. I figured that I'd use a spare account to receive mail which I normally wouldn't want connected to my main address. Furthermore, mail
forwarded to my main email address would be automatically encrypted to
prevent the prying eyes of the sysadmin from snooping.
Anonymous Forwarding
  Using my anonymous-forwarding script I have thrown together a kludgy
anonymous mailing list program. Not only are the users on this list totally
anonymous but the list address itself is secret! (Don't ya just love
double-blind mechanisms?)
  To subscribe, users simply pgp encrypt a "Request-Remailing-To:"
block as I detailed above and send it to the list request address. The
list software sends out messages using the exact same script as
anonymous-forward. At no time does the mailing list software see the
real e-mail address. Only by collaborating with the operators of anonymous remailers can the list operator find out the real
address of a user.
  The list address itself is also secret. Ihe true address is embedded
in an encrypted "Request-Remailing-To:" block and chained through several
remailers. Users post to the mailing list by adding their response to the
encrypted return block and sending it to the first anonymous remailer in the chain. (the list software automatically puts the list's return block
at the start of every message for easy response. [no cut/pasting needed])
Hopes, Dreams, and Bugs
  Obviously, with the small number of remailers on the net, and most of
them running from multiuser machines and student accounts, security is
not high. As the number of remailers increase, the probability of a bunch
of remailer operators all collaborating is small. If remailers ever
reach the level of popularity of gopher/fsp sites, it would be near impossible to shut down an anonymous mailing list. (there's no postmaster
to complain to because you don't know the true address!)
  Alas, there is currently no way of returning error messages so if something
bad happens, you aren't notified. Shutting down a single remailer in the
chain would be very harmful. A fault-tolerant mechanism is needed and
a robust way of returning error messages.
p.s. If I have reinvented the wheel, ignore this message. I didn't see
any anonymous forward/list software on soda so I figured no one had
written any.

@_date: 1993-09-13 21:48:49
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: testing remailers, the keys for my remailers 
Yes,  I started writing such a system about 3 weeks ago but quit when
school started. Basically, it was a mail server to be operated at gnu.
Remailer operators would "register" their remailer along with some stats (PGP or RIPEM capability? Public Key? Private Machine? Delay time?
Mix capability? Owner? Comment field.)
  The software would then "ping" each remailer every 6 hours and update
its database. If you wanted a list of current working remailers, you would
ask the mail server (I was even thinking of adding socket capability
for fast query)
  I might eventually take some time to finish it (it wasn't even 50%
done) but I've got too much work to do now.

@_date: 1993-09-14 01:48:56
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: warez garbage cluttering  the  screen 
And later...
  ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  Obviously, if you had a brain, you'd be using FreeWare TeX instead of
PageMaker, or you'd realize that there are competing packages out that
with similar features but at a lower cost. Ya, software is extortion alright.
Produce wealth in today's world but refuse to release it to looters without
charging them a fee and you're in the protection reacket. Ha.
The part about warez being digital coins is nonsense. If there was
a free fL0w 0f wAr3z, your currency would be devalued to nothing. There'd
be no point of "trading" warez cause anything you had, I could get
myself. It is only because wArEz]<1dZ like yourself run pseudo-elitist
cliques where having 0-dayz old wAReZ is king that you see any value at
all in trading Mortal Kombat or beta copies of Windoze.
(these "warez" sites on the net are hilarious. 99% of them are run out
of the /tmp directory (under ftp or fsp) and others under student accounts.
Unknowingly, many of them show up under archie! So much for secrets.
Save yourself, and the net, the trouble of trading warez via anonymous
remailers and call up your local pirate bbs instead)

@_date: 1993-09-16 23:14:54
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Remail: errors 
Opps, that was me. When I was debugging/testing my anonymous
forwarding/anonymous list software I sent multiple messages before
looking for the reply. (because the software randomly chooses a chain, and
I wasn't sure which remailers introduce a delay)  The problem was that
Encrypted: PGP was only being added for the first remailer in the chain
but the body was being re-encrypted for each remailer.

@_date: 1993-09-20 18:30:01
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Anonymous Forwarding Software Available 
I wrote some quickie installation docs and put a copy of my anonymous
forwarding software in soda.berkeley.edu:pub/cypherpunks/incoming/aforward.shar
If you don't know what the software is used for check the cypherpunks
gopher for a file like "Forwarding for multiple accounts"
p.s. I am not supporting it right now because of my workload. If it's bugged,
wait for a new version.

@_date: 1993-09-22 21:48:07
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: META: Re:  a horrible conspiracy revealed! 
Actually the code was developed from scratch except for Perry's
"X-Extropian-Date" and header format. Perry's code with minor
modification (message numbers, configuration files, and digestification) form the old list software. This would still be good software to
run Cypherpunks off of. Atleast it would add a Reply-To: line.
  The list software still isn't ready for general usage yet. I still
haven't finished the remote list administration system, the "moderated
threads" I talked about, or most importantly, the docs. As a consequence,
I would have to give extensive support to anyone running it. Which is fine
as long as they are willing to pay me.
  Yes. I am mainly trying to defray the cost of devoting time from my
school work to development/support and what I could be earning if I had
a real job. However, I doubt Harry/ExI is going to sell the software
since it's too much of a hassle. The major cost for them is the cost of
running the list from a commercial unix site. (we have to pay for CPU/Disk
space/mail bandwidth)
  One of the neat things we are thinking of doing is digicash. Each user
incurs a $5-10 cost for their yearly use of the list. Then there
are the special features our software offers (which require a lot of
CPU) A current proposal is to charge a subscription fee (~$5-10) per year
and give each user electronic money and an account. List operations
bill you and mail requires digital postage. Users are free to trade their
cash on the "free market" within the list or on the HEX Exchange, etc.
To prevent list admins from monitoring the motion of e-money, some form
of Chaum-like cash could be used. This provides a real backing for
digicash which is the "goods and services" of the list software. Theoretically,
my software can network allowing users to spend their cash anywhere it is used.
(e.g. spend cash on cypherpunks or extropians list operations assuming
cypherpunks was running my software) I'm assuming none of this is illegal.
  I'll talk more about this in the future when it comes even close
to being implemented. Right now it is just an idea "on the table."

@_date: 1993-09-29 00:31:38
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Hacking ClipperPhones 
"Cypherpunks Hack Hardware"
  It seems logical that when the ClipperPhones come out, they will have
some kind of vocoder chip in them. (I doubt the (co)decoding will be
implemented on the Clipper chip itself) If so, cypherpunks can
take advantage of this situation. By hacking up a daugherboard, the phone's
vocoder/modem/sampler can be exploited and interfaced to a PC (possibility
via something as simple as a null modem cable or centronics). After that,
the software hackers can do their job.
  If the ClipperPhone becomes popular and the daughterboard is cheap to build
($25-50), it would serve as a massive hardware platform for cypherpunks
phone software. The alternative is to produce our own vocoder/sampler boards,
but I doubt we could approach the economy of scale that AT&T can, plus
we get to ride on the back of their advertising/marketing by having them
sell the basic hardware. (then we just release a hack for it)
 What do you think?

@_date: 1993-09-29 21:01:56
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Hacking ClipperPhones 
In a way, I agree, but I am skeptical on the price point we will be able
to achieve compared to just cannibalizing a ClipperPhone for spare parts.
Ideally, the "cypherpunk phone" should consist of
1) cheap v.32 modem (<$200)
2) cheap 8bit sampler/audio card
3) CELP vocoder ardware, or cheap DSP with it implemented in software
4) a fast 486 (to do real time 3DES/IDEA @ CELP rates)
   Most people already have 1,4, they need 2,3 which will cost anywhere from
$300-600 depending on what kind of DSP you get. This is too much money
for such a standard to proliferate. If the ClipperPhones are cheaper, we
could do better to buy those and cannibalize them for parts.
(maybe we could convince ZyXeL to add an "auto-CELP-comp" mode like v.42
to their modems with built in CELP? )

@_date: 1993-09-30 23:02:31
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Forwarding Software Available 
No, it's there. Just ftp to soda and do "cd pub/cypherpunks/incoming"
then "get aforward.shar"  It's an invisible file. Eric hasn't moved it
into another (more visible) directory yet.

@_date: 1993-10-05 19:55:07
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Chaum on the wrong foot? 
This could refer to observer based protocols. I don't see anything in the
above paragraph to indicate that they have invented a digital coin. I don't
see how offline non-observer based cash could possibly work. (e.g.
I send a copy of my cash to someone in Europe and we "spend" them

@_date: 1993-10-16 16:17:19
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: William Gibson 
The very same thing could be said about anarchosocialism. Without the
fictional non-selfinterested man and the postulate of non-scarcity it couldn't
possibly work. (taking 3. anarchy - "absolute and complete freedom")
   I have never seen someone argue economic theory by quoting _fiction_
books. Gibson (and Sterling) are as clueless on economic issues as they
are on computers (e.g. Gibson's plan to improve schools by forcing telephone
companies to give teachers "free" long distance)
   The only way the super corporations in Gibson's world could exist is
through government help (e.g. Japan's restrictions on trade, distribution,
and banking) The barriers to entry in many markets are historically
low, there's no way a natural monopoly could exist, for instance, in
software, unless software patents (e.g. GOVERNMENT) prevent you from
developing. Stop reading fiction for your education and pick up
David Friedman's _The Machinery of Freedom_.
  Anarchy is the non-existence of rulers, not the non-existence of rules.
-Ray, capitalist exploiter extraordinaire

@_date: 1993-10-16 18:42:19
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: William Gibson 
Absolute and complete freedom means "freedom from ALL restrictions" If
you collectively own property, you are under the restriction of the majority's
will to control that property.
   Non-scarcity _is_ an issue. If there is scarcity, there will be competition
for the limited resources -- whether it is individuals, businesses, or nations. We see this all throughout nature and all throughout history and
there isn't anything to indicate that you can just ignore it. Your brand
of anarchism won't work without massive reprogramming of the populace's
meme structures.  Since you're so keen on "proof by fiction", take a look
at Demolition Man, or perhaps Star Trek where everything is free and
  Actually I can, I have a dictionary.
 Well if that is what it means than anarchy is physically impossible. You can't
avoid the laws of physics. To survive, you must eat, to eat, you must work,
or someone must work for you. If you are forced to work, you are being
ruled, if someone else is, you are ruling them. No doubt someone will
bring up automation or nanotechnology, but they work because they
significantly lower scarcity, hence the non-scarcity requirement.
  If net-cash is a tool used by rules, then we are the rulers, and we are
ruling ourselves. I don't subscribe to these absurd socialist buzzwords
though. Money was invented for specific reasons which benefit everyone --
both rulers and the ruled. If you don't understand that, you don't understand
how economics works.
   Rand did not present an economic theory, she presented a philosophy.
You can present a theory through fiction, but you can not prove or disprove
it through a story book world, hence I take object to your ridiculous
  Here you imply Atlas Shrugged proves that an anarchocapitalist
state can only exist in theory. Whoops, back to logic 101.
  Actually, Japan has grown so fast because it came from so little. Look
at the growth rates of South American economies, many averaging 10+%
annual growth. Once you reach the level of complexity and bureaucracy of
a typical western economy, you start to slow down. (e.g. marginal returns)
It's easy to get 100% economic growth if your GNP is smaller than
McDonalds and you are just switching to a capitalist industrial system.
 Anyway, My argument was that zaibatsus are metastable and will break up without government restrictions in the market. Your argument is that I am wrong
because America has anti-trust laws?? Again, your argument is circular and makes no sense.  America's antitrust laws do more harm than good.
  Because they have an anti-capitalist INTERVENTIONIST system, this is an
argument against GOVERNMENT, not free markets.
   I intended for you to read it so you could learn something.
  Fine, may I suggest you pick up a dictionary?
Anarchy: 1. the condition of a society without a government 2. an ideal
society having no government and made up of individuals who enjoy
complete freedom.
  Taken directly from Webster's.

@_date: 1993-10-16 22:57:19
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: William Gibson 
Sooner or later there is going to be a conflict. If you can do anything
you desire with your body and the surrounding matter/energy, that is
equivalent to absolute property rights. If a sufficiently large group of people come along and restrict your activity, you don't have absolute and complete freedom, QED.   And if you disagree with the way the majority of your "collective"/commune
is using the collective property? Love it or leave it? What happens
if a capitalist is magically transported to this society and he wishes
to start a business. No one is going to force him to not behave like
an entrepreneur?
  And anarchosocialism removes it from business and places it among
the group. Either way, a group of people has some control over your
life. By your definition of anarchism, it is an oxymoron.
  Objectivism is a _philosophy_, not an economic theory. Objectivists
tend to be pro-laissez-faire simply because it follows naturally from
individualism. That's why the objectivism usenet group is called
alt.philosophy.objectivism, not sci.econ.objectivism. If Atlas Shrugged
presented an economic theory, could you please define the model rigorously?
(If you have taken atleast Econ 101 you will know what I mean by "model")
   You still didn't answer my criticism. In the quote above you state
"It is only through theory that a pseudoanarchist capitalist state can
exist" and as proof of this bald assertion, you state "read Atlas Shrugged"
The implication you made was, by reading a book of fiction book you can disprove a economic theory. Care to explain that? There are two
ways to disprove a theory: 1) show that it isn't self-consistent
2) apply the theory and produce a counter example from reality.
You haven't shown (1), and since Atlas Shrugged isn't reality and never
has been, (2) doesn't work either.
  This is my last message on the subject. You should think about what
cypher technology can do and compare that to your philosophy. A functioning
BlackNet(tm) won't produce a non-market non-laissez-faire system. If anything it will promote buying and selling of data, dossiers, stolen
designs, property, etc.

@_date: 1993-10-17 21:32:08
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: digital cash/legal tender 
Doesn't Chaum's "observer" based system allow digi-coins to work?
(e.g. by carrying around copy protection which prevents you from 'cp'ing
cash instead of 'mv'ing it, or prevention of double spending?)
   Observer's may not be cypherpunk-correct technology but they might work
with legal (govt) backing. Counterfeiters who "copy" cash by breaking the
tamper-proof observers would be hunted down through traditional investigatory
means. The economy/banks might take a hit the way credit card companies
get hit by con-artists, but overall they would remain stable.
   Does anyone have a reference on Chaum's observers besides the SciAm
article (which I read a long time ago and have now forgotten)?

@_date: 1993-10-18 18:52:21
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: your mail Re: on anonymity, identity, reputation, and spoofing 
Why should it be? Reasonably secure encryption, reasonably
open access, and reasonably secure privacy of data can all be
implemented without accountability. (I refer you to Public Key
cryptography, DC/Mix nets, and secret sharing) Perhaps in practice,
the majority of people will refuse to participate in such a network but
that does not stop crackers/pirates from using one. Crackers routinely
dick each other over because of lack of accountability, but the trade off
(getting free software/phone access) is better than (getting busted)
   Do you think I am accountable? If I didn't put my real name in my
sig you'd never be able figure out who I really am. Not even gnu, who
graciously allows me use of their machines, has my real address or phone.
The annex port that I log in on is set up incorectly allowing me to telnet anywhere without needing to use my student account (and thus not
linking rjc@ to my college where my really private info resides)
   rjc@ is simply my pseudonym. I could be Bill Clinton and you
wouldn't know, so why worry about it? What keeps me in line in the
reputation linked to rjc@ which I have spent a long time building up.
Acting like an asshole and choosing a new account name would waste a lot
energy that I put into posting these years.
   If you consider a BlackNet in terms of Interated Prisoner's Dilemma, it
makes sense that the good guys will outnumber the bad with a minority of
jerks (who can be controlled with intelligent filtering software)
  You made the assertion, the proof is up to you.

@_date: 1993-10-18 19:02:20
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: ENOUGH ALREADY!!!(Was Re: Gibson 
Sounds good but money isn't fiction. If there's nothing of value backing
these "multiple forms of digital cash" you will still need to go to the
evil nasty bank president. Otherwise, it's just monopoly money.
   That's what the bank of the internet proposes to do (provide
digicash with backing). I doubt real banks would bother with digicash
anyway since they like having financial data on you.  The cost of
implementing such a system for the bank would be far more expensive
than the benefit received by the few customers who appreciate privacy.
   An enterprising credit card company might chance it sooner or later.

@_date: 1993-10-19 19:57:38
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: why anon bank acct? 
Simple. Privatize those parts of government so they can chose
the services they want to buy. Rather than confiscate their money
for whatever subjective "share" is in vogue. (I've never seen this
share defined objectively. Just rants "they must pay more!!!  wah!!" Even in
other countries with much higher rates than our 36%, people are still demanding
more. )

@_date: 1993-10-20 18:17:53
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: crypto anarchy 
Panix and Digex doesn't censor either and they allow full access. I would bet
that netcom doesn't care either.

@_date: 1993-10-20 20:52:38
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Anon Bank Accounts / Imminent Demise of US Govt (Conclusion) 
We are Robert J Woodhead of Borg. You will be assimilated. You will adapt
to service us and other borgs. Do not worry about the sacrifices you will make for the collective. After you are dead from your life of service, you
can take pleasure in knowing that the collective has survived to enslave
others like you.
   Resistance is futile, brother.
We are Designation 8672, subgroup 3f7

@_date: 1993-10-23 15:28:28
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
Why not create a new key on one's multiuser public unix box specifically
for cypherpunks? Then you can sign as many messages on your box as you want
and not care if anyone gets the secret key since the key will not be trusted
by anyone else. Messages posted by you will be understood to be signed
by you with the possibility that someone snooped your private key
and is pseudospoofing. Is the security of this any less than we currently
have? Not really, pseudospoofing can be done by a unix novice user.

@_date: 1993-10-23 19:13:08
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
Balderdash. Key is just another Freudian conspiracy theorist. I found some
of the descriptions in his book laughable to absurd. His theories don't
pan out if you talk to anyone in the advertising business. Hidden messages
are noise compared to other dominate factors like humor and flashy
graphics. _Clam-Plate Orgy_ is an example of Key's imaginative and vulgar
mind, not science. (was anyone aroused by this image? Even after
he drew in the little outlines, I still had trouble seeing anything
worth a hormonal response. I also hate clams.)
  The subliminal movie images story is bunk, urban legend.
  I hope you didn't buy any of those $39.95 subliminal tapes from
  Could it be that subliminal information effects have been found to be
practically null also? I guess Key's asburd claims fit right into the
psychology of a leftist conspiracy theorist. I wonder if the Bilderburgers
are involved?
HELP, I'm being put into a _psychological vice_ by pseudospoofers! My
urine is being sapped out of my bladder by viscious anonymous abusers!
And now, I am being controlled by advertisements containing assorted penile and vaginal shapes!

@_date: 1993-10-23 19:33:33
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
It's easily explainable by the fact that it wasn't a scientifically valid
test.   Possibly because you don't drink hard liquor warm? The ice examples
from Key's book are even more idiotic. He might have had a genuine article
with that cologne add which showed a penis about to be cut off with a knife
(along with numerous images of dead animals), but the ice images were so-convoluted even conciously looking at them I couldn't make out anything.   You do not understand how advertising works. The key word is CAMPAIGN,
repeated exposure over a long period, to a large group of people who
are in your target audience. Statistically, a certain percentage of
people will stop to read your ad after repeated exposure. They spend
millions because even if a _fraction_ of the target audience responds to
the ad, they make many more millions.
  The key to recognizing a conspiracy crackpot is the presence of a censoring
authority. Thus the oil companies conspiring to prevent the 200 mpg carburetor
from being used, the Bilderburger's preventing all of the media from
revealing that they forclosed on the US Govt 50 years ago, UFO data
being censored by people "above top secret", etc.
   Tim May can probably elaborate since he is a much better fan of conspiracy
theories than I am. I stopped reading alt.conspiracy after the JFK thread
was brought up for the 100th time.
   I suggest you take this thread to sci.skeptic if you dare. Try your
anecdotal evidence there to see if it works.

@_date: 1993-10-23 20:03:08
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
[I know this shouldn't be here, but I can't resist one more response. According
to Skinner, I have no choice anyway. This is the last, I promise.]
  Look, I know people who work in the advertising business. Not bosses,
but workers. People whose's money isn't on the line.  People who haven't
signed non-disclosure agreements, people who are my friends. The idea
that out of tens of thousands of artists in the advertising business, NOT ONE
would come out and openly state what they do is as ludicrous as UFO conspiracies which require thousands of people to keep their mouth shut.
   Let me explain a simple concept. Humans send subliminal signals to each
other. It's called BODY LANGUAGE. And the visual system seems to be particulary
adapted to recognizing facial expressions, not penises or vaginas (things
which we do not look at as often).  Ads are dominated by people laughing,
smiling, and other positive images. They are also dominated by humor.
These psychological mechanisms are known to work. Advertisers would
much rather put their money in traditional proven techniques of appealing
to people than Freudian crackpot theories which have been shown to have
no effect by many studies. Do you think many of those subliminal tapes have
been removed from commercial sale by the govnernment because they work too
well, or because they never worked and people got ripped off?
   I don't accept it because it's bunk. I studied _Clam-Plate Orgy_ very
carefully in challenge to another crackpot who bet me to read it. Now
your argument resorts to religious tactics "if you don't believe in it,
you don't want to believe. Blah blah."  On the other hand, you are
too accepting. You accept theories which are published no where else,
which are not accepted by the scientific community, and which lack scientific
  It wasn't a scientifically valid experiment. There are much more
simpler and credible explanations of why advertising works, and Occam's
Razor tells us to deposit Key in file   This is the second time you have attacked my signature. It is generally
acknowledged in net-culture that the attack of someone's sig represents
the loss of an argument. Should I be surprised that your attack on science
is nothing more than the simplistic "science is a religion" argument, that
you are succeptable to memes from non-scientific crackpots like Key, and
in the same message you reference Skinner and social-science which is at
best dismal. I bet you are a great follower of his Chomsky-ness too.
P.S. I am taking this arguement off cypherpunks. I will probably repost
my respones to sci.skeptic tommorow, perhaps Alex will have the guts to
debate it there.

@_date: 1993-10-23 20:48:30
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Subliminal Channels 
Bull, prove it. Here's a real world example. Let an ad in Wired
cost $2000 (which I believe it does), and let Wired have between 10,000 and
100,000 subscribers (which I think it does), and let the product you'll be
selling cost $10. 2*$2000/$10=400 customers required for 100% profit.
400/100,000 subscribers=0.4% of viewing audience, or 4 in 1000 people must
read and respond to your add.  So we need 4 atypical people who take the
time to carefully read ads.  You can apply the same analysis to million
dollar campaigns and get the same result. Iterated campaigns with
repeated exposure increase my argument even more.
   Key's explaination of print advertising is simply bullshit. Academic
philosophers have little to no credibility when it comes to talking
about things in the real world.
   How typical.

@_date: 1993-10-24 03:13:13
@_author: including the message by the author 
@_subject: Re: pseudospoofing survey 
So don't give credit to any pseudoanonymous messages which aren't signed
by a trusted public key. It's as easy as that.
  All five categories can be spoofed easily. Even birth certificates.
If the hardest (true names) can be spoofed, what kind of person
would reason that (5) can't be from anyone?
   Who is going to place these restrictions? The FCC?
  The same case can be made for free speech. Allowing hate speech
mongers the protection of free speech could lead to negative public
opinion about the first amendment. So what? With every technology there
comes the capability for both abuse and benefit. Live with it, and adapt.
Crypto gives people the ability to post anonymously, it also gives you a
more concrete way to authenticate (digital signatures, zero knowledge
proofs, etc) which are in many ways, better than hand written signature and
   There is no campaign, you are paranoid.   There is no difference
between 3,4 and 5 except your imagination. In 1-4 I can just as easily
spoof. If someone is aware that 1-4 can be spoofed by anyone and they can't
extend their pea-brain to reason that (5) can also be spoofed then they
deserve the fate they get!
   Caveat emptor. After they are pseudospoofed for the first time, they won't
be so trusting of net.con-men anymore and will demand better proof of
  Perhaps I'm just not that excitable, but I don't see what all the
fireworks are for. This already is the status quo. Mail fraud, con-jobs,
fake-ids, these already exist outside cyberspace. If anything, you should be
more distrusting of net.pseudonyms than the three-card monte dealer.   Bogus. You just went off the deep-end. If you're so concerned about this
capability, why don't you go liberate the net.universe and tell them this
amazing fact: you can forge identities on the net. Postings, mail, accounts,
even whole domains.
NEWSFLASH: Great Cypherpunk Conspiracy Revealed! A california based group
of cryptography fans conspire to cover up pseudoanonymous capabilities so
they can continue their reign of abuse, exploitation, psychological combat,
and the sapping of precious bodily fluids from net.novices.
p.s. all this reminds me of the great mud gender identity debates. Many
young males were extremely disturbed that the female MUD users they were
practicing cybersex with were actually other males. As a result, most
mud users are no longer as gullible. Evolution and natural selection at its
p.p.s you will find that many of us aren't trying to cover pseudoanonymous
capability up -- It is just that _we don't care_ I certainly don't care, and
I don't think of myself of "the great protector of the ignorant" as you seem to do either. The facts are, short of demanding digital signatures or
passwords for posting to this list, there is nothing you can do to prevent
me from forging "From" lines, I could probably forge Received: lines too
if I had a well-positioned machine. One feature of my Extropian's list
software is that it only allows people who are on the list to post to it, and
a user can turn on a "password" feature that only allows his address to post
if a password is supplied.

@_date: 1993-10-24 05:58:34
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: impersonation 
[...] [...]   Thank you. I've been trying to drum this into people for a while, especially
Detweiler. I don't know how much more he can want, but Digital Sigs must
not be acceptable because he rejected my "private password for posting" which
is almost equivalent to a digital signature scheme except that the password
checking is done at the distribution site, not the home site (which is
preferable to some people who don't have great boxes at home)
  With MD5+digital sigs, a real moderated newsgroup could work without the
capability of someone forging control messages. Simply have the news
software reject articles which aren't signed by the moderator. The same
could go for "non-spoofing" secure groups. The technology is already here,
all it takes is a few mods to existing readers. There is no need for
a future draconet or data super-(fcc controlled and censored)-highway.

@_date: 1993-10-24 16:28:47
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: ADMIN: proposed new policy on the mailing list 
I think the major benefit of requiring signatures on the cypherpunks list
is not the authentication it will give, but the new software which cypherpunks
will be forced to develop to make adding signatures with mail readers automatic. After the user interface work has evolved enough to make signatures
ubiquitous, we can then switch to some kind of trusted-key system and
really authenticate list members if we want.
   I think the most important and needed software is yet to be developed:
   Offline mail readers which work from home over the serial port and
which incorporate PGP abilities. I know there are lots of POP readers,
but we need one which is in ANSI C, portable, and easily extendable to
serve as a base for incorporation of crypto. Preferably, it should
use curses, or an abstracted window model so it can be easily ported
to Mac, Windows, AmigaDOS, X-Windows with little change.

@_date: 1993-10-24 22:53:12
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: on the term `signature' 
Well (2) is untrue since I know people who can forge signatures with
great precision (even my own).
   Since we're going for an ideal Brave New Cyberspace where forging
ids is impossible, I've got some suggestions. These should make you very
 1) Phase out handwritten signatures in society and switch to finger prints,
retinal scan, and DNA codes. Whenever you sign anything, the store/business/
govt office will require a blood test (for DNA), retina scan, and finger
print. With today's technologies, these can be made painless and quick.
 2) Require everyone to have a global positioning tracker installed under the
skin so they are "accountable" at all times. This worked great in
demolition man.
 3) Mandatory caller-id, video-id for everyone. No one should be able to
make calls without the other person knowing who you really are. Payphones
should have finger print/retinal scanners for verification.
 4) all new computers should come equipped with finger print recognizing
keyboards. No more spoofed messages posted on people who leave their terminals
accidently logged in (in the computer lab)
 5) get rid of cash! we can't have unaccountable transactions taking place
in the economy. Banish the free market. Nationalize all businesses under
NSA control.
   Get a clue for god's sake. Digital signatures won't exist in a vacuum.
No one is going to accept the validity of a signature unless it is signed by
some trusted/certified authority and that authority would be liable for the
person's true name or actions.
   This is exactly how Apple's new DSA system works.
   I'm starting to think someone is pseudospoofing you because your posts
have become so idiotic it reads like a satire. Are you really the same
person who wrote the anonymity faq?

@_date: 1993-10-25 18:10:09
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: on the term `signature' 
First, they'd need to be able to get one of my checks, which if they were
digital, would be as hard as getting my private key. If you're going to
allow for private keys to be stolen, you may as well forget about crypto.
It's like saying "what if someone stole cash out of your wallet, how would
you find them and prosecute them." Cash is already relatively untracable so
you argument against crypto is irrelevent. (unless you also want to make
an argument against coins/dollars)
  If someone steals one of your checks and forges a signature, how the hell
are you going to catch them anyway? Unless you knew a check was stolen
(in which case you'd notify the bank), your situation is hopeless. Likewise,
with digital signatures, if someone gets you're private key, you simply
issue a cancellation of the key and notify the digibank. The first time
someone attempts to forge a signature (on a digicheck) and cash it, the
bank nabs them.   I make the claim that current checks can be forged by an intelligent criminal
more easily than a digital one could.
  How do you forge a digital signature without having the private key of your
victim? I think you are overlooking the obvious. I'd like the hear what
your version of accountability means. Digital Cash systems protect the
honest man, and only reveal an identify if you are dishonest. Detweiler's
argument sounds like he wants an escrow-like system whereby if a forgery
is detected, you get a search warrant and the issuing authority reveals
your true name. If this is the case (identity being protected by the
trust of an ecrow, not mathemtical security), Detweiler has no right to
oppose clipper also.
  I also think it is the eventual future that "risk-fee" freaks want to
impose. In order to eliminate the possibility of pseudospoofing on
the net you need Draconian measures. I think the level accountability of
any person should depend on the type of transaction he is engaging in and
what the other person demands. In other words, it's a private matter. The
average level of accountability will arise out of the sum of all those
private transactions -- spontaneous order.
  However, unlike Detweiler, I think both accountability, privacy, and
pseudonyms are compatible. I don't see any need to bring someone's True
Name into it.
  Well, for starters there is PGP. Then there's the Apple/RSA thingy which
requires notarized documents.

@_date: 1993-10-25 21:51:12
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: a desperate plea 
I assume you also support the right to keep and bear arms. Good, cause
I'm coming over to put you out of your misery. You're like a horse with
a brain disease, I request that you be "shot" and removed from this list, or
prevented from posting.
  No Treason sayeth Lysander Spooner.
[more idiotic ramblings of LD deleted]
   And he did it all without computers. Without cryptography. What your pea
brain fails to understand is that you can't solve social problems with
computers. It's like trying to ban guns to prevent crime, IT WON'T WORK.
Why should we all suffer because a few people will use cryptography and
anonymous remailers for evil deeds? Got that? Whatever Draconian measures
you implement to achieve your dreams of absolute accountability, they
simply WILL NOT WORK. Someone will find a way to circumvent them and commit
crimes. You're own real life example of a killer proves it.
  No, get some better mail software then. Or write some damn code for
a change and stop ranting.
[more ranting deleted. I now see that my original assessment of
Detweiler after his "electronic democracy" was correct. Nothing but another
idealistic believer in the great society.]
  Methinks you've confused cypherpunks and CYBERPUNKS. Gibson and Sterling
couldn't rub 2-bits together if their life depended on it. Gibson
probably couldn't solve a linear algebraic equation either. Why should we
revere them? (especially since they are a rip-off of Vinge. True Names
and Fire Upon the Deep convey "internet" like sci-fi much better)
  I think it's time to check into a mental hospital, you're losing it.

@_date: 1993-10-25 23:50:03
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: a desperate plea 
This is why I think you need psychological help. Either you're a hypersensitive wimp, or you've got no life outside the net. Use your
intelligence: I am sitting at a terminal a thousand miles away and
I jokingly refer to shooting you and you become emotionally upset.
No one else is as obsessed with pseudospoofing as you simply because speech over the net doesn't have so much an impact on us as they seem
to you.
  I'm coming to kill your family tommorow with a rusty razor.
  So? If the majority of people will use pseudonyms honestly, why should
they be punished for the few who are malicious?
  The same arguments you make against multiple-nyms are the very same
arguments that can be made against strong crypto and for CLIPPER. Clipper
isn't Draconian either and can argubly benefit society by making it easier
for the FBI to catch criminals. What's your idealogical opposition to it
  I dare you to present your "identification system" I want to see the
specifications on how it will work, and how you can oppose nyms and
reject clipper/skipjack and maintain a consistent philosophy. I don't
think you know what the hell you are talking about except for some
vague utopian ideals you have. Come on, where are those algorithms?
  Why do you think I am concerned with the liberation of the universe?
Actually, I'm concerned with MY liberation. Why do you believe that
I care what any fiction author thinks? I make my own decisions and
my own opinions and I don't care what Vinge thinks. I like his
books, but that doesn't mean I have to agree with his real life philosophy.
You're yet another leftist wacko who thinks you can prove theories
through fictional story book worlds. Next you're be telling us that
Bladerunner is proof of why we shouldn't progress with Biotechnology.
  If it took you a year and you still got it wrong, I think you should
be consigned to elementary school. You're obviously a product of our
EVIL and TREACHEROUS public school system screwups.
p.s. you're dead, I'm gunning for you now baby!

@_date: 1993-10-26 00:43:54
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: a desperate plea 
That was sort of an inside joke directed at Perry. (it's the motd
of the Extropian's mail server) However, if it sapped any of LD's bodily
fluids, I'm happy. I'd have to be, since I'm an evil, treasonous
Benedict Arnold of cypherpunks who should be hung by the neck or deported
off the net.

@_date: 1993-10-26 20:17:49
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: a desperate plea 
Lefty, resident net judge, rants:
  Lefty, go stuff yourself. You have all the credibility of Blackwell.
The only time you ever post a message is to ad hominem someone else. You've
been doing this for 2+ years on the Extropians list -- lurking 99% of the
time and only posting when you have a snide comment.  (just look
at your last message against wondered)
  If you can't recognize the difference between a silly comment and a real
murder threat, it's time for you to have a medical check up. You nicely
illustrate my point anyway. I would never make a murder threat face-to-face
particulary because I have no intention of physically damaging anyone. It is
this fact alone which Detweiler, and you need to realize.
  Threats made over the net are vapor.

@_date: 1993-10-26 21:02:48
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: anti-social behavior 
Vapor. Or else?
   In context it was obviously a joke, lighten up. I think LD/Sboxx
deserve what they get for coming onto a forum about cryptography
and accusing people of high treason, evil, poison, etc in an almost
religious fervor.
   I guess I will have to be kicked off the list then, or you will have
to unsubscribe because I have no intention of apologizing to you or Detweiler.
I don't apologize for the "evil, anti-social" joke I made either, but I
do apologize for wasting bandwidth on the list if that's any consolation.
I'm getting to the point where I can't keep put with the amount of mail
in my box anyway. The ball's in your court.
  That's the funniest thing I've heard all week. Comparing a joke, "I'm gonna
kill your family with a rusty razor", made over the net, with rape? Even
it they were equivalent, I'm not about to walk on eggshells because some
people on the internet can't differentiate between a virtual joke and a
real life threat. Perhaps that's the biggest problem in the world today, just
last week a bunch of jocks repeated a scene from _The Program_ and laid
down in the middle of the high way.   If you want to prevent net.abuse, I suggest you take a look at alt.flame
or alt.tasteless and issue a couple thousand of your "warnings."

@_date: 1993-10-26 23:17:49
@_author: the last of which ended up with Tim May leaving the extropians list 
@_subject: Re: a desperate plea 
No, I wasn't complaining about his personal attacks per se but his long term behavior on this list and Extropians which is mainly "hit-and-run"
attack posts about once a month which usually generate massive flame wars.
(the last of which ended up with Tim May leaving the extropians list)
  Perhaps you don't like me, but I can atleast lay claim to have participated
in non-flamefest threads and contributed help and software when I was asked.
Many people have simply sent me private e-mail politely requesting that I stop
the Detweiler flame. All Lefty's message did was add fuel to the fire and
was just as unproductive as my original joke-threat against Lance. I
would like to end this thread and get back to rationally discussing
pseudonyms, but its not going to happen if I keep getting messages like
yours in my mailbox.

@_date: 1993-10-28 01:38:05
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Last words, perhaps... 
In his final message, Mr. Wells accuses me of wanting to control, rule,
and abuse despite the fact that I've been on the list since it's
beginning and have participated in a grand total of 2 flames. He says our
actions should be based on a fundamental respect for others. He's already
abused my character far more than I did to Detweiler. While weeding out
my mailbox, I ran across the following:
  Not the words of an "understanding" and "sensitive" person.
  Everyone else seems to be getting in their last word. That's mine.
I've temporarily unsubscribed the list for an unspecified period. I can't
keep up with this war, my classes, and my work on the Extropians list

@_date: 1993-11-27 05:39:08
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Secret sharing program available 
[Note: I'm not subscribed so if you reply, remember to Cc: me]
   A few hours ago I was bored so I started experimenting with Shamir
"threshold" sharing in G++. The result: Cryptosplit.  It's a hacked up
but working implementation of polynomial interpolation over an integer
field of prime order. Basically, you can take an arbitrary integer, D,
generate m keys, k of which are required to reconstruct the original
integer.  Its inner workings are very simple. Pick a random polynomial
P(x) of degree (k-1) over Z_p with constant term D, and generate m 2-tuples (x, P(x)). These "keys" are output in the form x*p+y which can be reversed by
the division algorithm.    The interpolation process generates a k X k matrix of linear equations
by plugging (x,y) into y=a_n*x_n + ... + a_1*x + 1*D and then solving
by Gaussian elimination (upper triangular matrix. element k,k is the constant
term D)
   Right now it's not very usable since you have to choose your own prime modulus > D (I was too lazy to write a prime generation routine.
I just choose Mersenne primes of sufficient size) and because
it only accepts base-ten input from the command line. It needs to be
optimized a lot too.
   If anyone wants the source (especially if they want to fix it up),
let me know.

@_date: 1993-11-27 23:44:19
@_author: 2^8 
@_subject: Cryptosplit 2.0 
On Colin Plumb's suggestion, I rewrote my first Shamir secret sharing
program to work over GF(2^8). I didn't do this the first time because
I thought writing all the low level GF math routines would be a pain --
so I opted out by using G++'s Integer class to work over Z_p. Imagine
my surprise when it turned out the math code over GF is easier. The hard part was actually generating the tables for x=g^n and n=lg x (g=primitive
element), but I got maple to do it for me after I read the docs. Multiplication
is simply the macro A*B=g^(lg A + lg B) (3 table lookups) and
addition is, of course, XOR. And x^-1 is just two table lookups unlike
the euclidean algorithm I needed to work over Z_p. (p being huge)
  Since I'm working over GF(2^8), I adapted my program to work on arbitrary
length binary files instead of integers. Now you can take any file and split
it up into m pieces, k being needed for reconstruction. The program is much
more usable now.  It's also written in C now, not G++.
  As before, if you want it, e-mail me.

@_date: 1994-01-24 00:26:34
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: mailing list software 
If you really want to block posters and trap unsubscribe messages,
cypherpunks is welcome to use the extropian's list software (by the
end of next week it should be complete enough for someone else to run
it without my help) Here's what it can do:
o modular design
o mail delivered by custom "user agents" which can filter a user's mail
  at the distribution site (``remote kill file'')
o remote system administraion (optional)
o password authentication (optional)
o accounting system for commercial "pay for use" subscription mode (optional)
o caches messages (user definable) so users who filter a thread can
  retrieve it later
o internalized cron for running time dependent activities
  (right now, the utilities that come with it generate weekly
   list statistics (with pretty ascii graphs), back up user list,
   move and compress logs, send digests, filterlists, and more)
o incoming filter interface for doing useful things like   decrypting signed messages or remapping anonymous id's into real
  e-mail addresses (``cryptofilt'' is a utility I wrote to try this out,
    although it needs lots of work)
o user controllable digestification - users can turn digest mode on or off
  and alter the size of their digests
o nightly filter list - when messages are filtered out by your filtering
  agent, you still get a list of who and what was filtered incase something
  was killed that you wanted to receive. You can then request to have it
  resent
o anti-spamming routines
  * small messages can be configured to be trapped (such as 1 liner   * large messages are truncated and stored for later retrieval for those
      who request them (configurable, I have it set to 50k right now)
  * blacklist - a regexp can be applied to incoming headers to prevent
                certain addresses getting through
  * ``members only mode'' - the list software rejects posts from those
     who are not subscribed
o duplicate messages trapped - the list software keeps a recent database
  of message-ids and their header info
o thread tracking via subject and ``in-reply-to:''
o built in help system
o automatic sending of welcome/goodbye messages for subscribe/unsubscribe
o automated billing (part of the accounting system)
o complete logging of almost every list transaction (optional)
o cpu cost logging (in case the list is run from a commercial service
   like the extropians where we have to pay to run the list)
o distributed distribution - if your machine can't handle the mail bandwidth,
    the list software packs up the message and the list of users it is
    addressed to and sends it off to another machine for delivery
The delivery agent which comes with the software supports the following:
exclude messages by user
exclude messages by thread
include messages by user
include messages by thread
  Several people on Extropians leave their agent settings in ``exclude all''
mode. They then view the list of filtered messages and include the
threads which interest them. ``exclude user detweiler|sboxx'' would prevent
Detweiler's posts from reaching you for example. (assuming he wasn't
blacklist or he wasn't a subscriber and the list software was in members only mode)
Other agent commands:
private - automatically deliver response to a list of users privately and
set ``reply-to'' to point to you
resend - grab ranges of messages or messages by thread from the message cache
         sorts them into a digest and sends them to you
search - performs an agrep on the cache and sends you a list of messages
         that match
The disadvantages of running it:
o command syntax learning curve for new users
o documentation sucks (virtually nonexistent)
o code needs to be cleaned up a lot. I learned perl at the same
  time I wrote it. Fortunately, perl is easy to learn and the greatest
  language in the universe.
o cpu hog (5-8 seconds to process a message, only a problem if your list
    is high volume like extropian's which averages 50 messages per day)
    (extropians runs multiple agents so our cpu is much higher)
o complicated to set up (but easy to administrate)
o a little bugged, because I keep extending it
  however in the two weeks (before classes start) I have been doing nothing
  but bug killing
o perl
o a good dbm library (normal dbm is a little tight, so users won't be
  able to store that many exclude settings. about 10-15 is the max)
  I personally recommend the berkeley db/hashing package. I recompiled
    perl with it and the code is faster and the disk space used is a lot
    less
o about 4 megs disk space
  * 1 meg for the message cache
  * 1 meg for the code
  * 1 meg for the recompiled perl with better libdbm
  * 1 meg to hold the logs (although you can disable this)
  you can get away with 2 megs of space or less
o patience
  I would consider leasing it (free) to cypherpunks. Other people will have to
wait to get it. The reason is because I am not yet done developing it,
documenting it, and I don't own it. (I developed it on a contract with
Extropy Institute and they own it.) Cypherpunks has already been given
permission to use it if they want (and I wish they would, or atleast
run a digest list so I can resubscribe)

@_date: 1994-01-25 11:36:52
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Randomness of a bit string 
But can we say that "100010001010110010101" has been ``compressed''
into "ATTACK"? How do we know? Let IC(x) stand for the amount of information
storage used by x. Is      IC(100010001010110010101) > IC(ATTACK) + IC(key) + IC(algorithm)?
   It is not at all clear that this relationship would hold. (in fact,
I don't think it will even begin to work out unless the cyphertext
is much longer than the plaintext) So in fact, cryptorandom numbers
can be considered incompressible if you take into account the algorithm
required to perform the operation -- just as if I had used a 100 terabyte dictionary to compress via lookup, or better yet, a one time pad.
All of this is meaningless anyway. Information theory was proven wrong
by WEB technologies when they invented a compression program that can
recursively compress any input data down to 64k. Harddrives are now

@_date: 1994-01-26 06:57:08
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Randomness of a bit string 
It's a joke. WEB technologies is a company which announced a compression
product about a year ago. They claimed that they had "violated the laws
of information theory" (a simple counting argument proves what they claim
was impossible) by producing a compressor which can compress its own
output! Furthermore, the compression was ALWAYS 16:1, no matter what the
input. (that's right, they claimed ALL files of a certain size were
compressible by this ratio)
  Everyone knew it was BS, but BYTE magazine did a story on it which seemed
to enhance its credibility. People called them and tried to get
specs, or demo software but they were given the run around. Finally, WEB
claimed that their engineer had made a mistake and their software wouldn't
do what it claimed. A more accurate and detailed story can be found in
the comp.compression faq.

@_date: 1994-02-12 21:42:57
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: How to easily increase remailer traffic 
Recently I was reading a message about how fast ftp porno sites
go down because as soon as they are announced they undergo constant
heavy use.
  Given an anonymous remailer network, there is no need for sending
random noise messages to keep a constant traffic. Simply set up a double blind porno e-mail archive site. The site address itself would be a self-addressed pgp remailer block, and all return addresses would be SASE too. Not only would this provide a constant background of data flowing to hide important messages in, but it would also incentivize thousands of
people on the net into using pgp via e-mail daily and would educate
them about crypto. The double blind mechanism would keep the site
safe from direct attack, and would give many people more confidence
about requesting such files (since they could be encrypted on
delivery) As more sites pop up using the double blind mechanism to
avoid discovery, more and more remailers would be added to the network.
People would be encouraged to set up simple light-weight remailers
in their .forward once they figure out that there is safety in
large numbers.
  Pornography is usually the first media to use new technology.
Whether it's modems, networks, bbs, minitel, irc, muds, cd-roms, independent phone service, desktop video, desktop publishing, video
games, you name it. Let's harness its power to found cryptoanarchy
in cyberspace.
  All that's needed is a uucp setup, about 20 megs for jpeg picture
archive or story archive, pgp, and some slightly more powerful remailer
software. This is guaranteed to generate a steady stream of remailer
usage (possibly too much)
-Ray (unsubscribed still)

@_date: 1994-03-15 17:18:18
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: my improved anonymous remailer 
Cypherpunks,
    Seeing as how everyone else is announcing their anonymous remailers,
I may as well announce mine which is nearing completion. The remailer
is written in Knuth's WEB using Perl so there is nice documentation.
The remailer includes among other things, virtual addresses (handles),
padding/packetizing messages (splitting them up and sending pieces through
multiple remailer chains), chaining, mixing, a key-server, a list of
remailers server, a socket-server to bypass the sendmail queue and
get immediate error return, a stealth mode (delivery via direct SMTP or
socket instead of through the local sendmail), secure remailer network
(remailers sign and encrypt chained messages between each other), fake remailer traffic, and other small features. The virtual handles are fairly secure. They can be stored in the database as either plaintext real email addresses, virtual addresses located elsewhere on the remailer network, or SAEE cypherpunk remailer blocks (self-addressed encrypted envelope)
   The following text is taken from the WEB document and contains some
addition information. Send any comments you have to me, p.s. I expect that it will be ready for beta release in about two weeks.
At that point, I would need some beta testers to set up a remailer network
to make sure the socket-based and e-mail based networking works
(especially the packetizing)
p.p.s. e-mail commands are of the same form as the extropian's mailing
list, backwards compatibility with the cypherpunks pasting token is not
supported. Why? All headers in the message are ignored (and in socket-mode,
there is no header anyway) and the prefered mode of operation is to encrypt the body and the commands so no outside eyes can see the remail request
destination nor the message subject.
------------------------------CUT HERE---------------------------------------
\title{Remailer 2.0 \\ An Improved Anonymous Remailer}
\author{Ray Cromwell \\ rjc
\date{March 1, 1994}
%$Id: remailer.w,v 0.2 94/03/01 03:22:27 rcromw1 Exp $
\newcommand{\rem}{{\tt Remailer 2.0\ }}
  The following text describes an improved anonymous remailer based on
suggestions Tim May made on the cypherpunks\footnote{Send subscription
requests to cypherpunks-request mailing list a few weeks ago.
I was stuck in the middle of school work and the {\em Extropians List
Software} when Tim made the anouncement, but I had plenty of ideas on
how to implement and improve remailers. So here at last is the result of
my hacking.
{\Large Remailer Improvement Principles}
\item Secure Virtual Addresses
\item Chaining
\item Mix Delays
\item Fake Remailer Traffic
\item Padding/Packetizing Messages
\item Builtin Remailer List Generation
\item Builtin Public Key Server
\item Socket Operation
\item Stealth on Multiuser Systems
\item Open Design
\item Simple ``.forward'' Mode Operation
\subsubsection{Socket Mode}
  Socket mode provides a more secure form of operation by bypassing the
standard sendmail delivery mechanism allowing a message to be
piped directly to the remailer. In addition, the socket mode remailer
functions as an information server allowing clients to request
a publically networked list of public keys and up-to-date list of
\rem servers. The port number can be anything but I'm suggesting we all agree to use port 2258.
  Upon connection to the remailer port, a greeting message will be sent to you
of the following form. On the first line is a general greeting message
which can be any string. On the next line is status information separated
by ``/''. The status information in order is: \verb|remailer_name|,
version, administrator e-mail address, and finally a list of flags.
The flags are single character upper case letters specifying
the following options. {\bf P} to specify that the machine is privately owned and single-user, {\bf M} for mixing enabled, {\bf C} for chaining, {\bf K} if the keyserver is turned on, {\bf E} if this remailer
only accepts encrypted messages, and {\bf S} if stealth mode is on.
telnet remailer.nsa.gov 2258
Connected to remailer.nsa.gov
Escape character is '^]'
Greetings, Welcome to Billy Bob Jake's Super Deluxe Remailer!
bob_remailer/Version 1.1/bob
  While connected, entering {\bf list} for example, would get you a list of remailers, or {\bf keys} for an index of keys. You can also remail at this point and even get an error status.
\subsection{Reading and Writing the Remailer List}
   The remailer list is a simple text file which consists of a list
of lines each containing a \verb|remailer_name|, ':', the e-mail address
of the remailer, the flags for that remailer, and a timestamp
recording the last time a response was received from this remailer. Each
field is separated by a comma. `\ Comments and null lines are allowed.
A visible comment can be attached to a remailer by using the form
``\verb|remailer_name|\%comment string'' Additional comments to the
same \verb|remailer_name| are concatenated.
ann's remailer: ann_remailer
ann's remailer% My remailer is special because my machine has
ann's remailer% TEMPEST shielding around it. It can also self destruct
ann's remailer% in the event of an NSA raid.
\subsection{Database Functions}
  \rem uses a dbm database to record information neccessary to implement
``Virtual Addresses'' These are penet\footnote{`penet' refers to the anonymous
posting service running at \verb|anon.penet.fi|. Send mail to \verb|help for information.} style handles used by the anonymous remailer network to allow easy addressibility to anonymous
recipients without the complication of anonymous encrypted return
address blocks.
  Each record in the virtual database is keyed by the handle in the virtual address itself. A record contains 3 fields right now. The first is the
storage method, the second is the user address connected with the handle.
The third is a timestamp revealing the last time this address was
used. Later, a fourth record might be added for electronic postage.
\subsubsection{Virtual Addresses, A Side Note}
   Virtual Addresses consist of a {\bf user handle} and an optional {\bf remailer name} separated by `{\bf \ I used `\ because I wanted
to differentiate virtual addresses from internet style addresses.
An example of a virtual address is ``darkmodem\ which
means that the message should be sent to the user connected with the
handle ``darkmodem'' through the remailer named ``deepanon'' You can
chain your own remailers by simply adding multiple remailer names to the
virtual address. For example, ``user\
which will send the message first through remailer1, then remailer2,
then remailer 3, and finally to whoever happens to be connected with
``user''. A special remailer name ``*'' is provided. Each instance of
``*'' in a remailer chain will be replaced by a random remailer.
For example, ``darkmodem\ will first chain the message
through two random remailers and then finally to deepanon. The random
remailers chosen are not guaranteed to be unique.
[...]	
\section{Change History}
$Log:	remailer.w,v $
Revision 0.2  94/03/01  03:22:27  rcromw1
\section{Identifier Index}

@_date: 1994-03-16 03:20:51
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Additional remailer notes 
I forgot to mention one of the major features of my anonymous remailer
network: robustness.  Each time a chaining request is processed, the
software creates a random id, the time, the remailer used, and the try and stores that in a file. Every 24 hours, the remailer checks to see if it got an 'OK' response in the last 24 hours(signed & encrypted of course) from the other remailer. If not, it tries again, this time picking another remailer to chain to, or if all have been tried, services the request itself.
The remailer also retains timestamps on all the remailers which it has
received requests from. These are used first before any other remailers
(unless overidden by the user by an explicit chain path) It also shows
up when you request a list of remailer sites.
This insures two things 1) only the "freshest" remailers are used
2) the common remailers used for chaining will be the most popular
remailers used, i.e. have the largest traffic
  One thing the software can not do is return an error/status message to you
through e-mail (it can through a socket). I have some ideas on that too like letting users "name" a request, then posting error/stat messages to a newsgroup like alt.remailer.errors, or more probably, a mailing list where users subscribe to find out whether or not their request worked by watching for the request name. This will definately require local email filters on the
user's side to pick out messages they are looking for.

@_date: 1994-04-03 04:07:56
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: DEATH TO THE 
re: Hal's suggestion
   I don't think that banning multiple recipients solves the whole
problem which is the spamming of the remailer network by cybervandals
like Detweiler. What needs to be done is to create some system that
"charges" remailer requests to the sender which then limits the
size or frequency of their messages based on their ability to pay.
For a play money system, the issue is, how do you distribute the
play money accounts without letting spammers open up as many accounts
as they like? (e.g. if Detweiler spends his one account dry with
his cyberterrorism, how do we prevent him from opening up an unlimited
number of accounts without trying to attach accounts to a user's
e-mail address?)
   By making remailers charge users, and even other remailers on the
network, we can also prevent rogue remailers from allowing Detweiler
attacks through the network (since they'd have to pay for his
   Here's a nutty idea I had one night which would accomplish these
goals and also encourage more people to run remailers:
o each remailer upon being setup distributes a large but finite amount of
digicash certificates. These certificates are one use only. The
initial distribution and price system can be altered to tailor the
usage of the remailer to the owner's wishes.
o after the initial distribution, the remailer distributes
a somewhat smaller amount of digicash each renewal period (probably
once a week) This smaller amount is sufficient for casual use, but
not abuse
o if you want more than what a remailer is willing to give you, you
must trade service for it. That is, you must set up your own remailer
and issue some cash to the other remailer which can be redeemed for
chaining service. Example: Bob was unsatisified with his $10 of
Ann's remailer coupons, so he set up his own remailer and issued
$100 worth of service to Ann, in return, she gave him $50 of service
for her remailer. (obviously, her remailer is more popular and is more
in demand so his is only worth 1/2 of hers. Ann could use bob's
coupons to either chain requests through him, or she could sell them
off to other remailer operators.)
  The hard part is making sure that Bob doesn't cheat, offer to
run a remailer, issue $X worth of credit to Ann, and then just
file her remail requests to /dev/null  I'm hopeful that a "consumer reports"
like organization will pop up which periodically tests remailers to
make sure they aren't cheating. (besides, the remailer network itself
should do such testing with fake traffic)
  Call it "the free market of remailers"
Other issues: How to distribute coupons/stamps/dollars? First come
first serve? Popularity/Reputation? Reputation market? We want to
prevent people from collecting digicash certificates multiple times
during distributions, but at the same time, we don't want to use
their real e-mail address. So in a system where users can create as
many identities as they wish, how can we achieve a fair distribution?
  The only thing I can think of is to distribute cash to users based
on their reputation or trust level. If a Detweiler is found abusing
remailers, operators simply stop giving him cash for their remailers.
Remailers which sanction Detweilers end up paying for them in the
long run. (either because he runs up the costs for the remailer to use
other remailers on the network, or because the operator gets too
many complaints from systems which it directly delivered Detweiler
mail to)
  Anyway, limiting multiple recipients will stop geometric growth,
but it won't prevent Detweiler from hacking up a script to send a hundred thousand remail requests posting to every newsgroup and
mailing list out there. Remailers would also have to limit the amount
of remailer requests allowed per day, but this would still allow
Detweiler to spam up the system by preventing anyone else from using
it (by running out the global quota) Some sort of authentication is
needly, IMHO.

@_date: 1994-04-04 19:30:03
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Economic assumptions 
Eric Hughes:
   build a remailer "who" server into each remailer
   ditto    ditto (remailer server should list remailer properties like
   keylength, private?, delay length, chaining?, mixing?, padding?,
   encryption required? etc)
   standardize remailer help system, standard remailer command format
   (but not neccessaily the commands themselves) Sorta like an SGML for
   remailers
   see above
   Get/Creating a nice client. At the moment, 100% of the mail in my mailbox is encrypted. I wrote a script called "deliver" which encrypts incoming
mail, then pipes it through procmail/slocal. I modified morepgp
and made it a lot more user friendly (and recursive).
Reducing complexity cost:
  All of this could be lowered by creating an easy-to-use
remailer client which is compiled (or perl/tcl interpreted) and installed with every unix out there so it becomes ubiquitous. If someone's machine doesn't have a client, they can telnet to a machine where one is set up (just like gopher, archie, www) by some generous cryptoaltruist.
  The current remailer solution of putting all of the remailer
system complexity on the server side can't make remailers too easy
to use. My Extropians list software attempted to make it easy
to use by allowing commands to be contained in-band with messages
to be posted. It's still too complex for the user who wants hot-key style operation.  (which is why I will eventually write a client
for it)
  Once you write a generalized client that can communicate with
standardized remailers, you can easily include digicash/postage
in the system.
   Are you objecting to paying for remailers on a philosophical
grounds (anti-property/money)? No one has proposed paying real money
for remailer use (although that is a future possibility). There
needs to be some way to authenticate remailer users and limit use
in a "free" sense (instead of top-down rationing) The best way to do
this is to use some form of monetary system.
   Every standard is enhanced by more people using it. However, this
alone can't be a justification for making services into public goods
which are free to everyone.
   If the Detweilers of the world take advantage of totally free
remailers, they could end up limiting the privacy for all. The same
"free" philosophy has killed many a porno/music/book site (or
created absolutely long user queues reminiscent of food lines in
the xUSSR) Spamming/Spoofing attacks on remailers must be dealt with.
   The situation is not helped by either-or logic. We need both ease-of-use
and some notion of postage.

@_date: 1994-04-04 20:15:58
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: This List--Public, Private, or Other? (fwd) 
On the other hand, the list also tries to perform a useful function
 for many people which is to filter down the enormous amount of chatter
 conversation out there to make it easier to read. It's interesting
 to note that the people who left the list were not leaving because
 of our tight copyright rules but because they disliked the code-of-conduct
 rules with respect to politeness and the enforcement of them.  Code of conduct is a form of property control which won't disappear
 even in a "free" cyberspace. People will still form electronic
 country clubs excluding the non-elite or the non-polite from their
 ranks.
    The Extropian's list copyright rules are mainly e-cultural politeness.
 Just as it is considered bad netiquette to forward private
 e-mail to a public newsgroup, the Extropian's list administration
 considers it inappropriate to forward private exchanges to
 public lists without prior permission from the author. Such a rule
 would likely be in place on "women only space" e-lists or  abuse recovery lists. Although the cypherpunks membership list
 is public, I bet many cypherpunks would consider it inappropriate
 to sell or give away this list to direct electronic marketing  agencies. The extropians list has its copyright rule also to
 create a safe-zone. One where you can speak your mind without worrying
 about someone publishing your words in a "usenet cd-rom archive" where
 your boss could see it. Until pseudonymity is easier to use, restrictions
 will have to stay in place.
     I see electronic copyright as mainly just good manners.
   I think mailing lists do a much better job of filtering than usenet
 where membership to a discussion group can not be moderated or  limited. (it doesn't work in practice. it usually kills the group or
 e-sociopaths just bypass the insecurity of the system) I like
 AOL's "auditorium" model.
    In the future, people will still want to pay others for locating
 information, filtering, and formating it in the oceans of
 information out there. Lexus/Nexus, IQuest, and some of the financial
 report natural-language filters out there are good examples.
    Information itself would probably be relatively free, but useless
 because *finding it* would be the hard part. Electronic Consultants
 would make their money by hooking you up with the right database
 or search software, or sell you their personal time over an electronic
 market.
 -Ray

@_date: 1994-04-04 22:12:11
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: REMAIL: Ray's improved anonymous remailer 
Good idea. The remailer assumes a few things. 1) if you don't
give an explicit chaining path, and chaining is turned on, the
remailer automatically picks the remailers with the heaviest usage for
chaining. 2) if you give an explicit path, do not override it unless a remailer in the path doesn't respond
   A better idea might be a sort of "domain remailer naming service"
which locates users on a remailer network (instead of explicitly
giving out the remailer that your virtual address is located on) This
DrNS would have to be trusted and secure, but it does cut down the
number of trust entities since you only have it to trust, not every
remailer on the network which has a copy of where your virtual address
is located. Julf's APS is sorta like this already.
   I like the decentralized approach best. Let's say you don't want
any plaintext associated with your real e-mail address. Simply
set up two virtual addresses as follows:
Remailer1: foo -> rjc
Remailer2: AnonymousRay -> foo
  Now when a plaintext arrives at remailer2, it is encrypted for
remailer1, and with *your* public key (associated with "AnonymousRay")
if one is present.
  So one remailer sees (plaintext, foo the other one
sees (ciphertext, rjc but neither sees
(plaintext, rjc Of course, collaboration is a problem,
but you can always increase the chain length to take care of that.
  You can include SASE standard cypherpunk remailer blocks too if you
want to further confuse the issue.
  Ah, I didn't explain this. Originally, I planned to implement some
remailer network level commands such as "add/change my stats in your
list of remailers", "put a link to this virtual user in your networking
map", "change my public key", etc. To do this, I assumed that
only *trusted* remailers would be added to your remailer network list so that only trusted entities could do network level commands (by signing
them) and only trusted remailers could introduce other remailers to the
network. Now I think I'll require the operator to do this stuff manually
so if you change the parameters of your remailer, you have to manually
notify others on the network and they have to update the configuration
files manually.
  Encrypting messages between remailers is useful because you want
to make sure there is no correlation between incoming requests and
outgoing ciphertexts. You not only want to encrypt them, you want to
alter the sizes of them. I didn't think it was wise to pad a
1,000 byte message out to a 100,000 byte message if both were in the
"mix" Instead, I opted to "packetize" the messages and quantize the
packet lengths to an operator configurable length. Each packet is
encrypted separately and I'm investigating the feasibility of
sending them through separate chains. The problem is, all the pieces
must end up at some remailer where they are reassembled. This
situation would be alleviated if there was a standardized remailer
client operating on the receiving/user side. Even cooler, a telescript/postscript like language for splicing and dicing incoming
mail streams. Sort of a PGP/Mail scripting language that can't do any damage
executing scripts embedded in incoming mail.
   It was an easier implementation issue for me to just handle
commands in the body vs. header and body. Putting commands in
unencrypted headers seems to be a bad idea (especially if you are
giving the remailer an explicit chain. You want to defeat traffic
analysis, not help it)    This works already. The remailer is written such that it doesn't
care whether the data is coming from a sendmail STDIN stream, or a
socket. All it does is redirect the socket to STDIN once the
"DATA" command is given. Then, the same routine which processes the
mail side of the server works on the socket data.
   The socket-mode is pretty much a 'free' feature (didn't take
any special logic in the command processor). The software
can run without it, but it works better for internet users.
  Karl Barrus suggested that I use the usenet style FIFO format as in,
remailer1 (like foo!bar!user) I'm not sure
which is more intuitive, but I would like some feedback on this.
I agree that one must trust a remailer operator, but I think there's
already too much trust in the single non-networked remailer currently used.
(operator logging easily catches any anonymity)
  I agree completely. This is always the danger which is why I think
remailers should have ratings, flags, and comments in the list of
remailers, and that remailer operators should only include those
that they trust. I also feel that virtual addresses should always be
many levels deep. (user -> foo -> bar -> baz which is an encrypted Eric Hughes style cypherpunk
remailer block.  The only problem is that since Eric's software isn't
part of the notification net, the software has no idea whether the
remailer is up and running or not)
  Some security through obscurity will be needed.
  Thanks. I still have a lot of work to do on it. I got side tracked
for the last two weeks and my undertaking was a little too ambituous.
When I announced it, most of the library I/O functions were done, but
the major network logic still needs to be written. It should be beta testing
in the next few weeks. Make any requests/suggestions now. ;-)
  Thanks for the comments,

@_date: 1994-04-04 23:20:43
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Remailer Standards (was Economic Assumptions) 
But this has nothing to do with writing code. There are plenty of
people on this list who aren't writing code, who most likely have
better writing skills than CS/Engineering majors, and who have the
time to write remailer faqs and evangelize remailer use. This type of project can be done in parallel with remailer development. I don't see why any priority scheme is needed. Cypherpunks, as often repeated, are not a monolithic group governed from the top-down who obey directions to focus all
their efforts on one priority.    Maybe because it would get voted down or maybe because no one has
RFD'd it yet. Nothing is stopping anyone from going ahead and doing
this. An alt group would be better.
   This is already included in my new remailer, but I proposed a "remailer server" for keeping an up to date automatically generated
list of working remailers almost a year ago (I even hacked up some
partially working code for it) when it became obvious that Karl's
list of remailers weren't good enough (although it was a good effort)
The biggest problem is getting a stable machine or
a stable network of 'DNS'-like machines.
   There is already a similar mechanism for MUDs. Besides the static
list of running muds there is a MUD "mudwhod" server which maintains
a list of running muds and who is logged into them.
  This type of standardization is only likely to spontaneously evolve
after a remailer network is already up and running and these policy
issues come up. I don't think we can centrally draft some kind of
Constitution/Bylaws for remailers which covers all possible future
problems. Remailer politics and legal systems are an unexplored area.
I think we should leave it up to the remailer operators for now since
they will have to deal with these issues first hand.
   All someone needs to do is write up an RFC and submit it.
   It could be that the best encapsulation method for remailer
messages hasn't been developed yet. I certainly think the
recursive-pasting token method needs a lot of work. A method should
be general enough to work with any RSA/Pkey system and not rely on
PGP's standard format. Cut lines definately needed to be standardized
abstracted away from the underlying cryptosystem.
   Either way works, and the actual method used will probably be
a combination of both. However, getting cypherpunk software
installed in existing distributions will require some politics and
lobbying on behalf of cypherpunks. (e.g. getting remailer mods into
something like Eudora might be really hard)
   Already exists. Almost every Unix system I have encounted comes with
atleast Perl4, and many come with TCL. Perl is a standard environment
and any correctly installed Perl should run a correctly written Perl
script. I'd say that one can create a remailer/client in Perl that
can be installed by almost anyone. (as long as you don't rely on
"absolute" paths which change, or non-standard environment variables)
  The biggest thing you're missing is the fact that many users can't
even understand how to use LISTSERVs or run mail(1) To many people,
typing "::\n request-remailing-to: xxxx" and encrypting it, then adding
"Encrypted: PGP" is a huge transaction cost. I don't use remailers
for similar reasons. A simple mod to the elm script, "mailpgp" which
detects a remailer in the To: address, prompts you for "mail
anonymously to? " and then does all the underlying remailer commands
and chaining stuff automatically would be a huge benefit. Even
better would be a script which asks you "Mail anonymously?" and if
answered yes, it would automatically pick a remailer and do the
nasty stuff.
  Emacs and Elm are pretty standard, plug in elisp/perl scripts would work fairly well to encourage remailer use but
some evangelization would be required also to encourage use and educate.
I once suggested that someone set up a porno-server on the remailer
network as the ultimate carrot-and-stick method for getting people to use
remailers. I still think this is a good idea. (after all, the
two biggest uses of Julf's system I see are in the sex newsgroups and in IRC phreak/warez trading)

@_date: 1994-04-05 20:10:08
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Proposal: some more standard remailer features 
Here are some proposed remailer standards some of which I have
already implemented.
Command Formatting:
 I propose that all remailer commands start on the first non-blank line of a message body and start with the string '::' followed by a command-name
with no spaces in it. A command block should end when two blank lines are
encountered (which are stripped from the output) or a non-blank
line that doesn't start with '::' is encountered.
Message Encapsulation:
 I propose a standard format for recursively storing messages in
envelopes with standard formats.  Each envelope should begin with the
command "::envelope" followed by the envelope method, followed by the
body. The end of the "envelope" is specified with ::end METHODNAME
   The following is an envelope:
::envelope PGP [optional keyID]
----- BEGIN PGP ... -----
----- END PGP ... -----
::end PGP
   I have defined several types of envelopes for the workings of
my remailer, one of them is for internal packetizing/splitting of
large messages.
::envelope PACKET part
   For example
::envelope PACKET 1/5:
[important data]
::end PACKET
   When creating envelopes, I escape any commands/escape chars inside them
by preceding the command line with '\'. This is removed
when removing the envelope.
   The other envelope I have defined is "PAD startline:endline" When
removing this envelope, the remailer simply deletes lines numbered
startline to endline in the message. The first line is 0.
Header formating:
  I propose the header pasting token, ":: which gets applied
only after the message is delivered to someone (not chained).
For example
:: this is the subject line
::    this is the from line
::   this is the x-foo: header
  Depending on how the remailer is set up, incoming subject headers
may or may not be preserved.
Anonymous Posting:
   On any mailer which supports virtual addresses, the following special
feature shall be implemented:
   If the virtual address contains any '.' characters, the address
is first assumed to be a newsgroup. If the newsgroup exists and/or it
is not blocked by the operator, two possible actions can take place.
1) if the variable NNTPSERVER is defined, the remailer will open
a tcp connection and post the message directly to the newsgroup
specified in the virtual address
2) if not condition 1, then if the variable NEWSGATE is defined, the
remailer will mail your message to newsgroup doing any
translations on the address string as needed. e.g. NEWSGATE=cs.utexas.edu,
it sends the message to alt-news-group
3) else posting is disabled (visible flag in the remailer list)
::to remailer1
  If asked, I will supply the magic perl subroutine needed to do
[note above, I have eliminated the redundant "request-remailing-to".
When mailing through a remailer, you know the mail is going to be
remailed. ::to is easier to type]
EXAMPLE MESSAGE:
::envelope PGP
[PRETEND EVERYTHING FROM HERE DOWN IS ENCRYPTED FOR THE REMAILER]
::to ann's_remailer
:: Hello World
::end PGP
when sending this out, the remailer might encrypt the message
for ann's remailer and split it into two pieces
::envelope PGP
[below is encrypted]
::envelope PACKET 1/2:
::to darkmodem
:: Hello World
::end PACKET
::end PGP
::envelope PGP
[below is encrypted]
::envelope PACKET 2/2:
::end PACKET
::end PGP
Now when ann's remailer receives a two parted message, it queues
each piece until it gets the full message (timing out after a few
days) After all pieces are received, it removes the envelopes,
pieces the message together, and sends the message off to darkmodem
(which may be a virtual address for lightmodem
Most of the envelope I/O is hidden from the user.
Additional ideas:
 A command ::error-to to specify where errors encountered during
processing of the message should be sent. e.g.
::error-to idstring an99999 ::error-to idstring alt-waste
[idstring will let you know which message the error was for]
 I also propose ::route which would specify preferences preferred for
remailers when searching for other remailers to chain your
message to. e.g.
::route Private
[attempt to chain to remailers which are running on single-user non-public machines first]
::route Stealth
[don't use sendmail if possible, use socket-to-socket delivery
remailers first]
Comments welcome,
p.s. most of the above proposals are not complicated to code for

@_date: 1994-04-06 01:16:51
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Proposal: some more standard remailer features 
Experience from the Extropians list. A large number of people
made the mistake of inserting blank lines between commands and
some people's mailers did it automatically (one of the more
stupider one's actually removed a leading colon from the line
changing ::exclude to :exclude) I got a lot of complaints, so I removed
the restriction of single blank lines being able to terminate. In fact,
the regular expression which parses lines looks like this:
  So that spaces are allowed before and after the '::'
  On the extropians list, an arbitrary amount of whitespace is allowed
because ':::' is used to separate command blocks from the body of
   I thought of MIME, but I didn't know it was so popular (I last
looked at it over a year ago). I just looked at the comp.mail.mime
FAQ and the RFCs and I see that MIME is gaining momentum. Two problems
instantly jumped out at me when reading the MIME documents:
1) more than 2-level encodings are not supported (no recursion)
2) no application/viewpgp  or transfer-encoding: pgp type
   MIME actually takes care of the multipart issue nicely. I'm going to
do some more research and I may end up scraping ::envelope if MIME's
encapsulation is powerful enough for inter-remailer I/O. (the one
pain in the butt is that now I will have to process the headers
instead of throwing them away) Perhaps the PEM/MIME documents will be
of help.
   Correct. You don't want headers to be visible during the chaining,
and the remailers throw away incoming headers. Therefore, I felt
that ::@ shouldn't be applied until the message is posted or
sent to a real e-mail address. Any suggestions on a better
   You could concentrate your trust on the first remailer in the chain.
Once it goes through that remailer, it is now encrypted for the
recipient and the source of the message is destroyed. Keep in mind,
the other remailers in the chain can not snoop on the message because
it is encrypted for the recipient automatically (if a key is present).
The other remailers can do traffic analysis if the user doesn't
use any wildcards ("*"), but this can be limited using recursion. e.g.
::envelope PGP ::to remailer1
::envelope PGP [for remailer 1]
::to remailer2
::envelope PGP [for remailer 2]
::to remailer3
::envelope PGP [for friend]
::to friend
   I agree most of the power should be in the client (hopefully,
my approach allows both a powerful client or simplemail use), but
there also needs to be a "lowering of transaction costs" as Eric
suggested. Many people don't have unix accounts and with the advent
of Compuserve/Delphi/Genie/AOL internet gateways, some sort of
server approach is required.
   Part of the reason for including a socket-server in the remailer
is to allow clients to hook into the network and get data fast.
   If I understand correctly from my fast reading, it does: the
multipart/partial content-type. (the comp.mail.mime faq is an example)
The hurdle is getting a MIME type registered which can recognize
pgp encrypted and/or signed messages.
   Correct. It would be used with the "*" feature and also the
auto-chaining. (if a user just says ::to friend the
remailer may choose to chain this through several other remailers

@_date: 1994-04-07 00:53:51
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Finger/Remailer Ping server 
Someone asked about having a "list of remailers" ping server
available via finger. I took some code I wrote over a year ago and
hacked together such a system. I need volunteers to run it.
The server does the following:
1)forks off a "cron" to automatically ping remailers every X hours
2)ping's the remailers (by requesting a remail to itself)
3)any remailers which respond will have their timestamps updated
4)any change in the status of remailers (a ping received) recreates
your .plan file as so
   copy .realplan to .plan
   tackon a banner for the list of remailers
   tackon a list of remailers and the last time a response was received
   (e.g.  remailer      last heard from 2.3 days ago)
Anyone running this perl script from their .forward file will have
a list of remailers automatically embedded in their finger information.
Optimum use would be for remailer operators to add a line to their
maildelivery slocal configuration which catches
"Subject: --PING!--" (which is one of the ways pings are detected,
the body of the message is most important) and pipe it to the
script. Then you could just finger any remailer for a list of
remailers (assuming the remailer doesn't run from its own alias)
Note: the software may or may not work. I have only superficially
tested it by piping in fake pings. I have no idea whether or not
it will be stable so I need someone to run it for a few nights to see
if it works correctly (and if not, I can fix any fatal bugs)
-Ray  "Perl is the Ultimate Language"

@_date: 1994-04-10 19:53:56
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Prime Numbers 
This is fermat's little theorem. What you have written basically
says 2^N - 2  = 0 (mod N) or 2^(N-1) = 1 (mod N). Note, the converse
doesn't apply. If (2^N-2)/N is an integer, N isn't neccessarily
prime. For example, take N=561=(3*11*37)
    For extra credit, prove your hypothesis. ;-)

@_date: 1994-04-10 23:44:13
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Zero Knowledge Authentication and StrongBox 
Derek Upham says:
Look at "Strongbox: A System for Self-Securing Programs" by J. D.
Tygar and B. S. Yee in the "CMU Computer Science 25th Anniversary
Commemorative" proceedings (from 1991).  As the paper describes:
    ``Strongbox uses an authentication protocol derived from Rabin's
    observation about the square root operation: if one can extract
    square roots modulo  n  where  n=p*q ,  p  and  q  primes, then
    one can factor  n .  [That should be `if and only if', i.e.,
    finding the square roots is too hard unless you created  n  in the
    first place.]  Donald Knuth sez in Seminumerical Algorithms p389:
"However, the system [SQRT Box] has a fatal flaw. Anyone with access
to a SQRT box can easily determine the factors of its N. This not
only permits cheating by dishonest employees, or threats of
extortion, it also allows people to reveal their p and q, after which
they might claim that their "signature" on some transmitted
document was a forgery."
     I don't really get Knuth's comment since the "secret key" (p and q)
can be stored in the SQRT Box with a passkey just like PGP stores
encrypted secret keys, unless of course Knuth means "given a SQRT box, by feeding it lots of numbers and getting the resulting
SQRT, one can determine the factorization of its internal modulus."
On the preceding page, Knuth describes RSA and RSA signatures but he
doesn't make the same comment that "people could give our their
p and q and claim signatures were forged." I usually trust Knuth,
so is he wrong, or does he just have something against sqrt(x) mod N

@_date: 1994-04-11 18:39:09
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: number theory 
Phil Karn [density of Carmichael numbers?]
  I have a vague recollection of the number of Carmichael numbers
less than N being N^(2/7). Thus, the number of 1000-bit Carmichael numbers
is (2^1001)^(2/7) - (2^1000)^(2/7) = 2^286 - 2^(2000/7) =
2^285*(2-2^(5/7)) =~ 2.2 x 10^86
  I make no claims that this information is correct.

@_date: 1994-04-11 19:59:36
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Prime Numbers 
Eric Hughes:
    I thought he said "if p prime, then p|(2^p-2)" which is why
I stated the converse isn't true.
   Which is why I chose it. Carmichael numbers are pseudoprime in
any valid base so when coming up with a counterexample to the converse
of fermat's little theorem, just memorize a few Carmichael numbers. The key property of them is if n is a Carmichael number and n=p*q*r, then (p-1), (q-1), and (r-1) divide (n-1).
   I wonder if Carmichael numbers always have some small factors. If true,
PGP's sieve test probably eliminates the very very rare case that
you actually choose one.

@_date: 1994-04-16 02:23:07
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Factoring Broken, news at 11 
A friend of mine told me that a friend of his (who I know), has
a professor who knows someone at Bellcore who has just succeeded
in a factoring breakthough. Supposedly it relies on quantum
complexity theory or something else I've never heard of. Of course,
I think it's total bullsh*t and probably a misinterpreted April Fools
joke, but there's always the possibility....
   Just thought I'd relay this semihumorous tidbit. (and possibly
start another nasty net.rumor ;-) )

@_date: 1994-04-18 01:36:42
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Does the List Have a Political Ideology? 
Actually, we still have 340+ subscribers, but only 80 or so paid
subscribers. I have delayed switching on the auto-deletion of
people who haven't paid up because Tanya is still receiving checks
and hasn't fully updated the list software database yet. If I did turn it on
now, a lot of people who have sent their money in might get accidently
deleted 'cause their account hasn't been updated yet.
   I prefer smaller lists anyway. The people who have paid are
obviously more intererested in Extropianism than the free riders.
This means that a) most of the subscribers are now participants/interested and
not lurkers b) higher signal-to-noise
   Cypherpunks has a mucher larger distribition, but what percentage
contributes to discussions? (this is not an attaack on cpunks) However,
if 50% of cpunks were coding, a lot more would get done.
   Incidently Tim, since you left, the list volume has dropped off
a lot. About 1/3 to 1/4 of its previous volume (about 3-10 messages a day
vs 30-50)
   One of the reason the extropians list persists is that its memetric
space has a high number of dimentions. Cryptography, politics, lifeextension,
economics, math, space, physics, philosophy etc. If people are bored with
math one week, they discuss philosophy the next.
  Dare I mention it? ;-)

@_date: 1994-05-05 19:31:55
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Anybody else see eye-to-eye with Connie Chung tonight? 
They had a segment on a "digital stalker" on Prodigy. Basically,
a guy who kept getting anonymous Prodigy accounts with fake
credit cards and then used the accounts to harass people almost
like Detweiler.  The reporter's attitude was disturbing however.
His attitude almost seemed to be that Prodigy should read each and
every private message to protect users from harassment. The whole
segment is a foreshadow of how society will react when anonymous
remailing becomes widespread.
  One more thing. The narrator seemed to imply that what we know
as "flaming" should be controlled. For instance, the phrase
"check your thorazine dosage" could be viewed as digital harrasment.
It's a brave new world out there. Coming to your local cyberspace

@_date: 1994-05-20 03:04:14
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Why PGP 2.5 sucks... 
Seems like it should be a simple task to code up a utility to convert
old format keys to new ones.

@_date: 1994-05-26 12:17:29
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Factoring with a quantum computer (Citation) 
First let me explain something to people who don't know. The extropians
list has a legal arbitration system to help keep down flames. We have
rules against bringing verbal assaults into heated debates so that
if you feel someone is insulting you, you may 'press charges'. If
evidence is presented, the person usually gets a warning. 3 warnings
and your posting privileges get revoked for a period between 24-72 hours
to allow a 'cool down' period on the list. This was implemented out
of neccessity because the list was averaging between 150 to 300
messages a day with most of those coming from only a handful of
   A common way of resolving a standoff debate on the Extropians list
is to put your money where your mouth is -- a bet. This causes someone
to get off their lazy ass and go look up the citation and present it
to the list for judgement of the bet. Michael suggested having the
bet held by the treasury of Extropy, Inc, the non-profit which
runs the list. Extropy, Inc. has *never* been accused of financial
impropriety with people's funds. They run an honest operation
with far more altruism than libertarians should bear (e.g. the board
members go into debt to maintain service to extropians even when
revenues are low) James Donald insinuated that some board members
were dishonest, *BUT*, he was not kicked off for this. Michael and
one of the board members pressed charges under our flaming/insult
rule and James had his posting suspended for some period (a few
days, 72 hours I think)      Usually, we rely on an honor code to enforce posting priveleges. We
do not software block punished people from posting, but rely on their
honor and fairness to commit themselves to arbitration. Donald didn't
stop posting, so he had his priveleges turned off in software. He still
wasn't "deleted' (kicked off from the list)
    The final act which led to his removal was that he circumvented
the list security system by forging the headers of his message
so as to appear to be Perry Metzger.  This is a serious offense
on the list software we run because each user has database information
associated with their account, and our software is pay-for-use. Posting under someone else's account corrupts the list statistics,
deducts list credits from their account, and could, depending on software
limits set, use up their daily posting quota.
    For the act of forgery, James Donald was deleted and for no other
reason. Extropy, Inc. has given Harry S. Hawk full autonomy in managing
the list. The board can not kick off people just because they hate
them, which the board didn't hate James Donald anyway. He started
and esclated innuendo for no reason whatsoever.
    The legal system has been used rarely since and things are relatively
calm now.
    If James Donald thinks he was kicked off because the list owners
hated him, he is sadly mistaken. He should have honored the legal
judgement and restrained himself from posting/flaming for the
time limit set. Furthermore, he shouldn't have forged headers especially
since it wastes my time when I have to go manually correct people's
   disclaimer: I hold no animosity towards James Donald, I hardly
know him. I am merely stating what I recall as the historical
record since I am the one who manages the software engineering
side of the list.

@_date: 1994-05-26 14:35:21
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Extropian Justice 
All true, there was a "shakeout" in the legal system which caused
huge debates over the fairness and objectivity of it. Everything
has settled down since the commercialization of the list and
since the big players have left.
  I agree that it worked better in theory than in practice, but it did
seem to have the effect of shutting down a 'is so, is not, is so!, is not!'
flame. For instance, Perry would often get involved in a discussion
where each side was claiming a statistic and firmly standing by it
without offering a reference. Perry would often end a thread like
this by betting a huge sum of money that he was right. It seemed
to me, that it often quieted the other person down. The claims might
not have been resolved (because no one took up the bet), but the endless
standoff of counter claims would end.
  Besides bets, there was Derek Zahn's accountability society
which had one positive result and almost none of the negative flamage
that bets had.    The disadvantage of this is that since your list software has no
filtering capability, I must deal with a huge flood of messages
everyday that Detweiler generates. For a simple list like
majordomo, I think deleting trouble makers is a good short term solution.
  An interesting speculation. Legal systems are, after all, pretty
close to being 'formal systems' Nobody ever said a legal system had
to be consistent though. ;-)
  With much heat and light generated in the meantime which is fine for
some people, but irritating to others. Keeping in mind Coase's Theorem
and Spontaneous Order, Harry and I are going beyond the idea of
PPLs by attempting to create list software which allows 'personal
justice', filtering, reputations, etc. We personally believe that
the whitewater of noise which is out there now will become a tsunami
when Joe Sixpack gets his 'entitled' account. The only way to defend
yourself from this assault in cyberspace will be intelligent communications

@_date: 1994-07-11 08:18:36
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Tamper-Proof Software? No! 
In your essay, you overlook the use of pseudo-code interpreters
 and cryptographic code mangling. It is not possible to make software
 unconditionally tamper proof, but it is possible to make it hard,
 perhaps as hard as finding a hamiltonian of a graph. I speak as a
 person with a 3 year cracking/tampering background. Let me pass on an
 experience I once had:
     I was trying to crack this game with a dongle. The code had dongle
 checks spread throughout it. I thought I could merely search for the
 signature of the dongle check and fix all of them, but the check was
 different each time, disguised by indirect addressing, illegal
 instructions, interrupt tricks, and stack tricks.  The only solution
 was a tedious process of tracing the execution of the program and
 backtracing the failure routine. That wasn't the only problem though.
 On top of the dongle checks, checks for the dongle check routine and
 various checksum routines were spread throughout the code. In fact,
 there were so many of these checks that trying to separate the "useful
 part" of the program, and the dongle checks was hard because they were
 virtually everywhere.  yes, it cost the game speed, but the game
 wasn't one that was particulary synced wih the display. Anyway, it
 took about a week of hacking on and off to find them all. There were
 about 30. What if there had been 1000? What if the code wasn't pure
 assembly, but a p-code interpreter which executed not a straight
 byte-code, but an actual recursive encryption algorithm in the
 interpreter? In other words, 0x80 might stand for "add a to b" in one
 instance, but in the next instance, "suicide mode" Perhaps the library
 i/o for the p-code itself also changes/gets mangled through the
 process. Furthermore, let us assume that this mangling is in some
 sense, cryptographically strong.  A few things become very hard:
 1) writing a decompiler for the general case  2) separating the "application" from the "protection" Why? Because in some  sense, you'd have to rewrite the interpreter, or the application to remove  all the "suicide" instructions. The p-code could be set up so in fact, most
 instructions are suicide unless decrypted properly.  Thus, if you were
 to remove one suicide instruction, all of a sudden, a perfectly
 legimate section of code would become riddled with them.  Removing
 protection would no longer be as simple as "NOPing out" the
 instruction. The code would be, by the nature of the interpreter,
 interdependent in a way far deeper than "checking for the presence of
 the dongle check routine"
 (note: this scenario is not isomorphic to the usual protection trick
 of having an interrupt decrypt the next instruction to be executed
 and encrypting the previously executed instruction. In that
 scenario, the re-encrypter can be disabled, so that after a
 complete execution, the code is plaintext for the debugger to save to  disk. Here, the problem is that the code is never "decrypted"
 in the first place. What changes, is the meaning of the instruction
 set itself.)
 I suppose, one could attempt to isolate the suicide routine and just
 make it do nothing. That still doesn't solve the problem that a
 section of code has been mangled and probably not doing what it is
 supposed to.
   While a determined hacker could still break through this, I'd say
 that it would make the effort not worth it in most cases. Currently,
 most software protection is so simple that an hour of so in a debugger
 can isolate a manual check, and remove it. Most of the time, code is
 only skimmed.  My cryptographic p-code proposal forces the hacker to
 virtually disassemble and understand the function of the entire
 interpreter, write a decompiler, remove any protection algorithms from
 the code, and then somehow, fix the interpreter so that the code still
 works.
   Imagine the task of having to create a plaintext which will generate
 a certain MD5 hash. Here, you'd have to remove the protection, but
 make sure the cryptographic execution flow of the interpreter matched
 the original. i.e. coming up with *different* code (sans protection)
 that causes the interpreter to decode the stream in the same manner.
 (if you want to know how code is p-compiled, I can explain later
 after I flesh it out more. I suspect I am probably reinventing the
 wheel for the Nth time, but I haven't read anything on it, so I may
 as well make a fool of myself.)
    Instead of picturing my p-code proposal, picture a much simpler
 idea. A seething morass of code, most of it garbage, protection
 decoys, all of it interdependent with other checks (chained in various
 ways), and somewhere in the middle of it all, is the application.  I
 don't care what romantic vision of teenage hackers you have, it is
 possible to make removing the protection require the effort of
 rewriting a large chunk of the application. One of the other things I
 used to do was "NTSC fixing", taking PAL frequency games and fixing
 them for US computers. In some cases, it was simple (chop off the
 bottom of the screen, adjust rasters and timing) But sometimes, it
 required rewriting a portion of the graphics engine.  This was no joy
 and sometimes I just gave up. If crackers had to alter just 10% of an
 application to get it to work unprotected, I think that would be a
 sufficient deterrent to most of them. Depending on how much speed
 you wanted to trade off, you could probably make the code arbitrarily
 "deep" (or, as Tim likes to talk about, imagine a hacker that has to
 crack a program encoded as DNA!)
 digression:
     Now grant me something more powerful. Imagine in the future that
 most software is in the form of distributed objects and that many of
 those objects reside and execute on remote systems. If these remote
 systems require cryptographic authentication before they allow a
 remote execution (e.g. Telescript), copy protection can be
 conditionally secure as RSA. Cracking would require writing a
 replacement object or buying one, presuming of course, major objects
 weren't trade secrets and you only had the API to work with. (once
 again, the function arguments could be permuted crytographically, so
 that even if you had the API, you still couldn't write a replacement)
 The result, is that you'd have to pay for software because software
 would consist of a client + object services, and the objects would
 require cryptographic cash/authentication to use, and replacements
 would be hard to write. However, unlike dongles, the system would be
 totally automatic and convenient, so there would be none of the problems
 associated with traditional protection (pain of look-up-in-the-manual or  dongle).  The same system could be extended to hypertext publishing where
 documents are distributed all over the net in different databases.
 One could pirate a "snapshot" of a document, but what makes the
 documents valuable is the dynamic quality of hypertext, being able to
 lay it out however you choose, and follow links. This means you need
 constant access to the databases, and therefore you pay for the
 service.
   My point in writing all this, is to disagree with Tim's implication
 in the cryptoanarchist manifesto, that cryptographic technology will
 eliminate intellectual property. Cryptography doesn't eliminate barbed
 wire, it is the ultimate fence. While it could provide untracable
 networks for "information laundering", it can also provide
 authenticated networks for unpiratable software, or teach us how to
 compile code in a manner that is "expensive" or as Tim might say
 "logically deep".  (too deep to unravel its full meaning.)
(I agree if Tim meant that it would make *legal* protection of iprop
impossible, but I consider legal protection irrelevent anyway. If I need
something protected, I'll do it myself, not depend on government)
   Well, I've said my peace. Now Tim can tear my argument to pieces. ;-)
 -Ray
Any and all mistakes the result of lack of sleep...ZzzzT. "Information wants to be free..."
"Not if Mathematics has anything to say about it."

@_date: 1994-07-11 09:01:25
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Request: Tamper-proof executables 
re: C128's monitor was soo good...
  That's nothing! ;-)
  As early as 1987, you could purchase an "action replay cartridge"
or "final cartridge" for the C64. This cartridge could freeze
the execution of any progam, save *all* of memory, the state
of every hardware register, and the cpu registers and flags,
allow you to make changes,. and restart the program where it left
  Even more amazing, it knew the values of *write only registers*
and the CIA/Raster latches!   Furthermore, you could disassemble sectors directly from disk,
capture sprites/graphics, and automatically save the compacted
frozen state of the computer in "nova load format", which could be
given to anybody (who doesn't have the cartridge), and they could load
the frozen game (200+ block file) in less than 3 seconds from the 1541!
   Anybody could crack games! Simply enter the manual-word, freeze
the game after it had been entered, and viola!
   The best part of the monitor was the ability to run basic
programs from the frozen state without corrupting anything. Sort
of a primitive cooperative multitasking.
   The cartridge also had a nibble mode copier in it.
  The cartridge later came out for the Amiga with even more amazing
capabilities (like the ability to know what was in the write
only blitter/copper registers)
  Ahh, the good ole days of 6502, VIC chip tricks, and 1541
programming. ;-)

@_date: 1994-07-13 01:53:56
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: FWD: Netbank 
When I read the first few paragraphs, I thought it was interesting,
but as I got to the details, I was quickly disappointed. Serial
number based cash with *no* authentication? I could have hacked
this protocol up with perl in less than 24 hours. The mailing list
already has a sort of "e-cash" built in keyed by e-mail address and
password instead of serial number.   No encryption ready yet? They should have waited. If this system
were to go into large scale use, I'd be tempted to try and forge
their ecash and eavesdrop on other people's mail.  This system is
an accident waiting to happen and if it got subverted, it would
just provide evidence to bureaucrats that we need laws protecting
us in cyberspace and the government should start its own ecash on
the net.
  Somebody point these guys to the IMP list.

@_date: 1994-07-15 02:03:24
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Key length security (calculations!) 
When was AI proved NP? AFAIK, definitions of intelligence
and consciousness aren't even generally agreed on. Consciousness
especially.  Any citations on this claim? The only place I've
heard this before was your claim on the Extropians list last year that
AI required solving NP problems (and that a good answer would not
work), therefore classical computers couldn't do it, but quantum
computers could, and therefore the mind is based on quantum mechanics
and AI won't work.

@_date: 1994-07-20 16:39:11
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Come On 
The fact that the original moron trivialized the women's roles
in this film as "all they can do is talk on the phone, get
into cat fights, give blow jobs, and kill people by accident"
says more about his attitudes towards women than the response
that followed. It would be like saying "all the men do is drive around
in harrier jets,  deliver stupid one liners, and kill people"
   The fact is, not a single "blow job" was delivered in this movie.
"Cat fight" is a derogatory term for what happened (would you
call what happened in Total Recall with Sharone Stone a "cat fight"?
How many cat fights involve no hair pulling, and punches and kicks
to the face?")  And the "talk on the phone" bit takes up probably 5 minutes
of screen time.
   He also trivialized Juno Skinner's role (she is a villainness), because
she was greedy and did it all for profit.   Well what villain doesn't?
How many hundreds of movies have portrayed the evil Corporate CEO out to destroy the world for profit? Is it only when a woman is
potrayed doing it that it becomes taboo? If I was a woman, I'd be
more concerned about this attitude than guys lusting after Jamie
Lee Curtis's body.  What it says is this: Selfish Ambitious
Man = Up and Coming Ruthless Businessman.  Selfish Ambitious Woman = gold digging bitch.
   It is arguably  more damaging to women's business success than
"I like Hooters".
   Anyway, I'm surprised that there isn't a feminist witch-hunt
investigating Samdy Sandfort, for his non-pc H.E.A.T. reports.
   As for the crypto-related aspects. The movie did more to show
the *abuses* of wiretaps rather than how great they are at
stopping nuclear terrorists.

@_date: 1994-07-21 00:08:11
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: was an accurate description of movie... 
Well, this is my last post in this thread since it is becoming
quickly obvious that I may not be able to convince you and there
isn't much relevance to cypherpunks except the "wiretap propaganda"
of the movie, but you say that the original poster's "review" of the movie was an accurate description.  If that is so, I challenge you to find the
so-called "blow job" scene in this movie. I also challenge you to find
the scene proving Omega had a "blanket order" to wiretap. Tom Arnold
tells Arnie's character atleast twice that what he is doing (wiretapping
his wife) is *illegal*. Secondly, the movie does not show that SIGINT
was needed to stop the nuclear terrorists. It was HUMINT and the
breakin in the beginning of the movie that was used to gather the
intelligence neccessary. The entire movie was a comedy without a serious
bone in it and I certainly don't think it was intended as pro-government
   Finally, there is the subtle implication that making Arabs the enemy was a racist intention. There are a plethora of reasons why this was
done other than racism. For 40 years, the enemy in our movies and
culture was the USSR. Now that the USSR is gone, the only new enemies for
Hollywood are either Columbian drug lords, corporations, or Islamic
fundamentalists. It's not because they are Arabs, but because
the middle east is the current hotbed of conflict, and Arab funded
terrorists can and do plant bombs around the world. (one exploded
the other day in South America) The PC crowd has a habit of jumping
to conclusions before examining the facts. (did you know that
the last four disney movies were racist pro-nazi propaganda?
Check out the old threads in rec.arts.movies and rec.arts.animation.
Or look at the hoopla over Basic Instinct)
   All I can say to people is go to the movie and judge for yourself.
Just remember that Arnie is a libertarian leaning Republican (one of
the few in Hollywood) and that James Cameron is known for making
movies which are decidedly pro-women with characters like Ripley and
Sarah Connor.

@_date: 1994-07-21 00:46:14
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Who Detweiler is *really* posting as 
No, no.  You've got it all wrong. Perry is really the brother of Tom
Metzger, publisher of W.A.R. or White Aryan Resistance. The whole
organization is financed by Tim May and Perry is the W.A.R. liaison
to Tim. They use cryptography to avoid FBI investigation of their
organization. Detweiler is really a federal agent. His idiocy
is really a cover for his crisp deductive ability which he uses
to investigate people on cypherpunks.
  Proof of Tim May's racism is his use of the word "black" in
his blacknet essay. Why not whitenet? Tim has also been caught
attacking the government's AFDC program and we all know that's a sure
sign of racism. Finally, if you're not convinced, look at Tim's
pseudonym, "Klaus von Future Prime" That's proof of his
pro-german-nazi attitude.
  I'm sending this message to you privately because if it ever
got out that I told you all this, Tim May would take out a contract
on my life. Hitnet really exists; Tim's satires on it are merely
a cover just like the War of the Worlds broadcast!
thguoht I naht tiwt reggib a era uoy siht fo yna eveileb uoy fi
-information highway patrol, making the net safe from assault speech

@_date: 1994-07-21 19:55:38
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: Come On 
Implying of course that it's clear to him.
As I so eloquently stated:
  I'm glad you liked it. Atleast you kept the best line.
Continuing my masterfully written piece:
Answering back from the astral plane:
  Meaning that the answer I supplied to Sandy's question was the wrong
one. If he knows it's wrong, then he must know the correct answer,
well what is it? Otherwise, I'm waiting for a retraction.
Alert, an alt.syntax.tactical gambit move is about to be attempted:
   Uh oh, do I detect a change of subject? You see, my last post was
directed to supply an answer to Sandy's question "Isn't it clear to
everyone what I'm making fun of?" (my answer, the campiness of the
show) with an added commentary on assuming a receptive audiencce. All
of a sudden, we have a diversion here into how Sandy's H.E.A.T. posts
on a mailing list compare to my brother-in-law's showing of vacation
pictures during a break at work which is irrelevent to the original
line of questioning (if you could call "Heh. It isn't clear to Ray."
questioning or discussion) A well timed change of subject, and a
barely subtle attempt to bait me of course.
   I'm not going to fall into the trap, so I won't bother responding. I'm
still waiting for your answer to Sandy's question, oh great oracle.
  You shouldn't think out loud. But your reflections on your own behavior are quite on the mark.
  Really Lefty, isn't it about time you stopped baiting people?
Scan the last twenty messages you posted to cypherpunks. At best,
they were nothing but a bunch "witty" 3-liners designed to start
a flame with somebody you thought you could obviously outwit. Almost
zero discussion or information content. The only post of yours
which contained atleast five full sentences was a forward of some
Sue D. Nym message. I'm honored that you respect my intellect enough
to dedicate more than your usual quota of 3 short sentences (I know
it must be quite taxing on your creativity), but maybe it's time for you to take a vacation.
-internet highway patrol, assault speech division.

@_date: 1994-07-21 21:44:13
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
James, without reading the paper, can you tell me why the following
argument is incorrect?
1) By definition, if something can be computed by a turing machine,
then it is an algorithm (Lewis and Papadimitriou)
2) a quantum computer can be simulated by a TM with exponential slowdown. (claimed by you on the Extropians list, but also
claimed by Feynmann I believe, not about qm computers, but qm systems
in general)
then by (1) and (2), it follows that
3) quantum computers are algorithmic (if not, it would contradict
2) and possibly 1)
   It doesn't matter how slow the turing machine runs the simulation
because we allow an arbitrary time along with the infinite tape
to complete the computation.

@_date: 1994-07-23 02:56:45
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Re: GUT and P=NP 
Therefore it is an algorithm.
   We are not talking about physical computers, we are talking about
turing machines. If there is some *finite* deterministic process to
get from the initial data to the final result, no matter how long it
takes, it is an algorithm. I'm sure I could hand you a composite
number that would require a computer larger and older than the
universe to factor. Does that prove that none of our current factoring
algorithms are actually algorithms, or that brute force isn't an
   If you have a different definition of "algorithm" then perhaps your
argument is right, but to me, an algorithm is a process to
get from A to B, regardless of how long it takes.
  Usefulness is a matter of time complexity, not a condition for
membership in the set of algorithms.
  Those definitions were invented to solve problems in the first
  I can't think of a single thing which is non-algorithmic
except true randomness or non-determinism. Since no finite axiom
system can prove whether a string is truly random, no algorithm is
possible for generating nor proving them.  (anything with
infinite logical depth would also probably suffice) Err, I may
be mistaken since I recall that Chaitin said that you need
N bits of formal axioms to prove that an N-bit string is
"elegant" (the smallest representation), but I also recall
somewhere that a truely random string needs an infinite
set of axioms. Perhaps Tim can shed some light.
  Perhaps another example is a physical process able to solve the
halting problem. Imagine a time traveling UTM. Call it as a
subroutine. All it does is run your algorithm program and wait. If the
program ever halts, it sends the signal back in time, otherwise it
runs forever.  Thus, you feed the TT-UTM the algorithm you want to
check. If the program halts, the signal travels back in time from the
far future to arrive during the next "tick" of your current program.
If you receive no such signal, then either the universe died before
the algorithm halted, the machine broke down, or the algorithm doesn't
  The traditional "proof by contradiction" of the insoluability of the
halting problem doesn't work here. The algorithm used to test the
contradiction simply doesn't halt. It calls the TT-UTM recursively forever,
and creates an infinite number of them. In fact, this questions
the validity of the halting proof itself since the
contradiction derived isn't a valid input to the halt checking
machine in the first place, or, the halting proof disproves
logically the existence of time travel! Inputing an algorithm
to the halt checker which calls the halt checker should be
considered an exception like "division by zero" In which case,
the halt checking TT-UTM returns "exception: input algorithm  recurses forever"  Thus, two new classes of algorithms are
developed. Those checkable by a TT-UTM and those which are not.
Those which are not should be left up to an even more
powerful machine. ;-)
(this violates the conditions of Church's thesis since the machine
can perform an infinity of calculation at each step. Oh well.)
"Everything is an algorithm, even you!"

@_date: 1994-07-24 10:41:49
@_author: Ray 
@_subject: Raytheon got a great deal 
Wow, an 800 billion dollar contract! Someone put me in
contact with the government of Brazil!
