
@_date: 1996-09-14 07:14:35
@_author: "Richard Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: Nonsense, absolute nonsense... [Fwd: HipCrime and Spam] 
At 19:02 9/12/96, Ross Wright wrote to cypherpunks and
remailer-operators and...:
Hey, that was my too-long sig, Ross.  There is obviously more than one
person who disagrees with your assertion that listing an email address
somewhere is an open invitation for mail to that address on any topic or
for any purpose.
Also, I charge $500 per message.  I've always liked flat fees. :-)
------- Forwarded Message -------
At 21:50 9/11/96, Ross Wright  wrote to
cypherpunks and remailer-operators
Interesting perspective.  However, placing an email address on a web page
is by no means an offer to take "comments" (i.e., marketing spams) on
anything that strikes the spammer's fancy.
The context in which any email address is mentioned will tell you what
sorts of messages are expected at that address.  To maintain otherwise is
just a flimsy excuse for "seedy low life multi-level-marketing jerks" who
want to cover their postage-due unsolicited advertising/promotional email
in some false cloak of respectability.
To continue the comment box analogy, the stuffing of salsa sample comment
boxes (next to the salsa sample booth in the grocery store) with ads for
anything you're pushing is most decidedly not what the comment box is for.
"As the most participatory form of mass speech yet developed, the Internet
deserves the highest protection from governmental intrusion. ... Just as the
strength of the Internet is chaos, so the strength of our liberty depends
upon the chaos and cacophony of the unfettered speech the First Amendment
        -- Judge Stewart Dalzell
Unsolicited advertising/promotional email proofread for $500/message!  Your
sending such a message to me is an explicit request for my services!

@_date: 1996-09-17 15:46:19
@_author: "Richard Johnson" 
@_subject: Re: Unsolicited email advertising already illegal in US? 
The intent of that law is to prevent the shifting of advertising costs to the
unwilling recipients of junk faxes.  (The $500 per message damages figure is what
prompted me to raise my proofreading rates to $500 per message.)
Twisting this law to apply it to junk email sent to computers with carefully
selected peripherals and net connections is certainly following that
anti-cost-shifting intent.  Quite amazing, that, to twist a law so cruelly and at
the same time follow its intent.
However, which way a judge would jump on it remains to be seen.  One source
considers its application to junk email to be unlikely, because in essence it's
too much of a twist.
        for another copy of the law, and
        for an opinion that actual application of the law to junk email is unlikely.
"As the most participatory form of mass speech yet developed, the Internet
deserves the highest protection from governmental intrusion. ... Just as the
strength of the Internet is chaos, so the strength of our liberty depends
upon the chaos and cacophony of the unfettered speech the First Amendment
        -- Judge Stewart Dalzell
Unsolicited advertising/promotional email proofread for $500/message!  Your sending such a message to me is an explicit request for my services!
