
@_date: 1997-04-07 06:59:57
@_author: Robin Lee Powell 
@_subject: Re: Why Digital Video Disks are late to market 
Path: news.csclub.uwaterloo.ca!not-for-mail
   From: nobody (Anonymous)
   Newsgroups: csc.lists.cypherpunks
   Date: 20 Feb 1997 17:14:06 -0500
   Organization: University of Waterloo Computer Science Club
   Lines: 7
   Sender: daemon
   Approved: mail2news
   Distribution: csc
   NNTP-Posting-Host: calum.csclub.uwaterloo.ca
   Precedence: bulk
   Xref: news.csclub.uwaterloo.ca csc.lists.cypherpunks:32284
   > ... there apparently has been some speculation among the U.S. PC community
   > that Matsushita may be stonewalling on the software-licensing issue so that
   > it can establish its hardware-based decryption solution in the marketplace.
   The day it gets published in software is the day someone runs a
   disassembler on it.  That's all there is to it.
The day it gets produced in hardware is the day someone starts to
reverse-engineer it.  Harder, yes, but possible.

@_date: 1997-04-08 23:22:09
@_author: Robin Lee Powell 
@_subject: Re: IRS raids a cypherpunk 
The followiing is an article that didn't even brng a hiccup to cypherpunks.   WHERE IS EVERYBODY??
-Robin, sniff :-(
   Path: news.csclub.uwaterloo.ca!not-for-mail
   From: declan (Declan McCullagh)
   Newsgroups: csc.lists.coderpunks
   Date: 3 Apr 1997 23:41:04 -0500
   Organization: University of Waterloo Computer Science Club
   Lines: 79
   Sender: daemon
   Approved: mail2news
   Distribution: csc
   NNTP-Posting-Host: calum.csclub.uwaterloo.ca
   Mime-Version: 1.0
   Content-Type: text/plain; charset="us-ascii"
   X-Sender: declan
   Precedence: bulk
   Xref: news.csclub.uwaterloo.ca csc.lists.coderpunks:1207
   [I've attached some excerpts from the article. Check
   out the URL below for the whole thing. --Declan]
   ********
      The Netly News Network
   April 3, 1997
   IRS raids a cypherpunk
   by Declan McCullagh (declan
   essay describing how disgruntled citizens could
   kill off Federal government agents by using
   anonymous betting pools and digital cash. His
   second mistake was informing the IRS that the
   agency had no legal authority to tax him.
   Federal police swarmed into Bell's home in
   Washington state on Tuesday morning, hunting for
   evidence that Bell's "Assassination Politics"
   essay had come to fruition. They expropriated
   Bell's three computer systems, two guns and even
   a solitary mouse cable. The Feds were taking no
   chances: Since Bell's voluminous Net postings
   mentioned tax collectors, agents from the BATF,
   FBI, DEA, and local police forces joined the
   raid.
   [...]
   between Bell and the IRS, which began in November
   1996 when the 38-year old computer engineer
   demanded a hefty tax refund and threatened to
   convene his own "common-law court" if it was
   refused. That grabbed the Feds' attention. (So
   did the actions of the "Multnomah County Common
   Law Court," which apparently met in January to
   convict IRS agents and Attorney General Janet
   Reno of "theft by deception.") In February, IRS
   agents seized Bell's 1986 Honda as payment for
   back taxes -- and found inside it a printout of
   his "Assassination Politics" essay. "
   [...]
   who signed the search warrant on 9:02 am on March
   28 at the request of the IRS. Jeffrey Gordon, an
   inspector in the IRS' Internal Security Division,
   details in an 10-page affidavit how he traced
   Bell's use of allegedly fraudulent Social
   Security Numbers, how he learned that Bell had
   been arrested in 1989 for "manufacturing a
   controlled substance," how he found out that Bell
   possessed the home addresses of a handful of IRS
   agents. Gordon's conclusion: Bell planned "to
   overthrow the government." The IRS investigator
   says in his affidavit that Bell's "essay details
   an illegal scheme by Bell which involves plans to
   assassinate IRS and other government officals...
   I believe that Bell has begun taking steps to
   carry out his Assassination Politics plan."
   [...]
   -------------------------
   Time Inc.
   The Netly News Network
   Washington Correspondent

@_date: 1997-08-10 00:44:30
@_author: Robin Lee Powell 
@_subject: Re: Old Cryto stuff, 
Newsgroups: csc.lists.cypherpunks
Expires: References: Sender: Followup-To: Distribution: Organization: Computer Science Club, University of Waterloo
Keywords: I don't know any other books, but as far as real world algs, Schnier is,
unfortunately, as simple as it gets.  If you just wanna practice coding, try
going through the sections on historical crypto in Schneir and coding ceasers
and old military stuff, or crackers therefor.

@_date: 1998-07-06 09:59:17
@_author: Robin Lee Powell 
@_subject: Code for Crypto for Work... 
I need a crippleable cypher for work (i.e. one that can be done in 40-bit and
something-reasonable modes), and I'm thinking rc5 might be a good choice.
Anyone know where I could find source for this, or have other suggestions?
For the record, I and my company are in Canada.

@_date: 1998-07-06 10:01:28
@_author: Robin Lee Powell 
@_subject: Nevermind... :-) 
OK, I poked around some more and RC5 is an exceptionally sucky choice.  Anyone
know of any good variable-length algorithms?
PS: Sorry for the pseudo-off-topic-ness.
