
@_date: 1995-01-03 22:37:33
@_author: Richard Todd 
@_subject: Re: San Francisco Editorial 
Um, not exactly.  CancelMoose has a mailing address on the anon.penet.fi
server, for the benefit of those who wish to contact him, but the cancels
are injected elsewhere.  I don't believe anon.penet.fi lets you send control messages (of which cancels are a subject) thru it.

@_date: 1995-07-18 11:03:53
@_author: Richard Todd 
@_subject: Re: SurfWatch for employees (ugh) 
Bwahahahahaha.  You gotta admire them for sheer marketing chutzpah. Any internet-connected company is likely to have a firewall, with all WWW
access going thru a proxy on the firewall, and if I remember correctly, the
CERN proxy httpd can be set to deny access to whichever URLs you want; I suspect the other proxy httpds have similar features.  It takes hellacious
chutzpah to ask $7,500 for software that does what you can get for
free just by ftping to CERN's archives.  Barnum's principle does imply that
they'll probably find a buyer, though...
As for the wider issues involved in using this in a commercial setting, I'll
merely note that any corporation that treats its employees like children
will end up with only employees with the mental age of children.  This could
explain why much of the commercial software I see these days acts like it
was designed by a committee of retarded 10-year-olds.

@_date: 1995-09-11 00:28:30
@_author: Richard Todd 
@_subject: Re: Document Fingerprinting 
In servalan.mailinglist.cypherpunks you write:
Dunno about that one, but there was one where Tandy/Radio Shack was being
sued by the guy (Randy Cook) who originally wrote TRSDOS 2.1, claiming RS owed him royalties (which they weren't paying) because the current shipping TRSDOS for the Mod I at the time (v2.3) still had Randy's code.
RS claimed otherwise.  Randy Cook showed that if you held down two keys while
booting TRSDOS 2.3, (either the '2' and '4' keys, or '2' and '6', I forget
which), instead of going into the OS the machine would show a nice copyright screen, including "Copyright (C) Randy Cook".  Oops.  Tandy/RS had
to pay up.  (For those who still have a working Model I and a copy of TRSDOS
from that era, the message is located in one of the sectors on Track 0; it's
fairly easy to spot with a sector editor like SUPERZAP...)
There was also the famous Apple/Franklin case, where Apple showed that
Franklin's Apple II clones contained the original Apple II ROMs, right down
to the copyright notice.

@_date: 1995-09-20 10:30:18
@_author: Richard Todd 
@_subject: Re: My Day 
In servalan.mailinglist.cypherpunks you write:
Yeah, and even if it's not running ntp full time (just doing the ntpdate
hack in cron), with any justice it's still within a second of real honest-to-goodness WWV-and-friends time.  Maybe not even that; does anybody know which of the popular machines actually have microsecond timers, so that gettimeofday() actually returns
continuously updated microsecond values in between clock ticks?  If you don't have that, your entropy in those low order bits is definitely gonna
be pretty slim, since you're basically measuring the entropy in the "drift"
values ntpd is applying, which don't change very quickly.  I know BSDI actually uses one of the peecee timer registers to implement a microsecond
timer, so you actually get decent time resolution; dunno if the other peecee *BSD releases do the same.

@_date: 1995-09-21 19:06:20
@_author: Richard Todd 
@_subject: Re: "Gnusaic"? Why not a Gnu-Style Web Browser? 
Um, if you mean "freely distributable, in source form" by "Gnu-style",
I don't think there's much of a shortage of Gnu-style WWW browsers and servers. Lynx and Chimera are my two favorite WWW browsers, and both come in source form.
Then there's w3.el, the WWW browser for Emacs.   As for Web servers, you can
get the source code for Plexus or CERN httpd off the net.  Plus, doesn't
Eric Young have someone's httpd already hacked to include SSL-compliant
The question becomes why don't the free WWW software people out there now
support crypto?  Maybe they're simply not expert in or interested in crypto,
or maybe they don't want to mess with the ITAR hassles.

@_date: 1996-06-27 07:17:57
@_author: Richard Todd 
@_subject: Re: AT&T bans anonymous messages 
Um, you don't read news.admin.net-abuse.misc, do you?  The first few spams
from worldnet have already happened, and from the reports I've seen on there,
the response from worldnet's posthamster has been pretty much nonexistent.
It apparently doesn't help that the 'postmaster' mailbox has a quota just
like the other mailboxen on the system, so every time someone does spam
from worldnet, half the complaint mail to postmaster bounces.
