
@_date: 1996-08-01 01:17:01
@_author: Tom Zerucha 
@_subject: Re: www.anonymizer.com 
One further note is that some servers insist on having the Client identify
itself as "Mozilla" or some other Big Browser sponsored tag.  And there
may be trademark problems if you try to use one.
I suppose you could do:
Client: Mozilla 30b5 is a trademark of Netscape
and see if it lets you through (much as earlier mouse drivers said "This
is not Copyright 19xx Microsoft" with the copyright notice the correct
displacement in the driver).
finger zerucha for PGP key

@_date: 1996-08-13 02:54:03
@_author: Tom Zerucha 
@_subject: Re: s/key for linux? 
I managed to get it working enough to fit into tis fwtk.  You need to add
some bsd stuff, and/or move some includes.
finger zerucha for PGP key

@_date: 1996-11-26 08:47:39
@_author: Tom Zerucha 
@_subject: Re: wealth and property rights 
Some basic points on the thread
1. For wealth to be "handed down", it must be earned or confiscated first.
Mao's widow lived quite well during Mao's life and for a while after his
death.  Also, if there was no direct way to pass wealth on to offspring,
it would be consumed or destroyed by the generation which created it.  You
may not agree with the choice of the original Kennedys and Rockefellers,
but limiting that choice is not without consequence - the wealth will
still not end up where you want it, and a great amount will be left
2. In a socialist society wealth is confiscated at gunpoint.  In a
capitalist society, I have to provide something that you want more than
your wealth in order to obtain it.  Bill Gates has lots of money because
people buy Windows.  They can have Linux for the price of a download or
cheap CD.  Are the people who choose to give $100 to Bill Gates evil?  Why
doesn't Bill Gates give me a copy of Windows 95 if I give $100 to Mother
Theresa?  Is Bill Gates evil?  If Bill Gates received nothing for Windows,
how would he pay his employees and manufacturers who develop and package
it, or should they be content to be charitable slaves and starve as long
as Mother Theresa gets the $100?  Linux is "better" and free.  Maybe we
should dissolve Microsoft and take all it's wealth and give it to the
poor and tell everyone to use Linux and stop wasting their wealth.  Of
course people might object, so we need to bring in the guns and tanks,
just like Stalin needed to do to the uncharitable Ukranians.
3. If wealth isn't being transferred, it is most likely because Government
has created a monopoly or oligopoly.  If I have a better idea for a car, I
cannot simply just build one, since any modification to the powertrain has
to be certified by the EPA.  So if I could get 2 Miles/gallon better
mileage without a change in emissions for a $50 modification, I still have
to spend over $1 Million satisfying the bureaucracy and generating no
profit.  The existing auto industries have no incentive to change this
because these are sunk costs, and they can keep their oligopoly.
4. When you say wealth isn't being transferred, it is also generally
untrue.  While someone may be controlling it, their control is usually not
to leave it under a matress (which would make my wealth comparatively more
valuable).  Microsoft has lots of money because the foundations and Nth
generation wealthy are putting the funds into stocks and bonds of
corporations like Microsoft and government debt.  The companies are
renting the wealth of others.  They wouldn't stay wealthy long if all they
engaged in was consumption.  In this case, economies of scale work with
investment - it takes a fixed amount of analysis to guarantee a greater
profit, so $100 will not be invested as efficiently as $100 Million.
5. Government is the least efficient means of resolving the problem.  The
current welfare system is such that simply transferring the budget of all
the programs would make every poor person middle class.  Confiscating the
wealth of the rich would likely be used employ more people generating
endless debates about who to give it to, than actual beneficiaries.  You
can see this with some class action cases (e.g. asbestos) where the
lawyers split up big fees, and the injured plaintiffs get only a token
6. No one has given any reason why the dollar following the 10-millionth
has less claim of ownership than the first 10-million.  You can dislike
the situation, but I would like to hear a *consistent* theory of property
rights that holds a sliding scale of claim based on volume.  Does the
grocer with 200 tomatoes need to give away 20 because a store down the
street has only 180?  What if the situation is reversed the next day?
finger tz for PGP key

@_date: 1996-11-26 09:23:15
@_author: Tom Zerucha 
@_subject: Re: Star Trek: First Contact 
They travel faster than light, meet all kinds of life forms, 99.5% of
which are either humanoid of the same dimensions as terran humans too.
They don't exchange anything?  DS9 indicated the academy used transporter
credits?  Replicator credits in Voyager?  Were they exchangable?  They
don't have money, they have credits.  They work for the good of mankind,
but get credits anyway.
Either space travel is paid for, or it is rationed, or both (I get on the
list, when my number nears the top, I change places with the highest
bidder).  How are finite (scarce) resources allocated?  A super computer
program (which may be considered fair, but I think the computer scientists
probably have the most luxuries in such a society).
Unless, earth decayed into a barter economy!
The Borg don't need money (individual exchange), but they don't seem to
have much use for minds (individual expression) either.
Acutally, Star-Trek is pure fiction.  Adam Smith and Ricardo proved
certain theorems in economics.  If Star Trek were at the same level of
science in astrophysics as economics, they would have to find a way
through the crystal spheres that let the sun and planets go around the
(flat) earth.  When they are not being bled to cure fevers (Captain - this
is Beverly Crusher - something terrible has happened - we've run out of
Economic Illiteracy is a problem.  People complain about not having wealth
but won't read the first book (Hidden Order by David Friedman is a good
start, he even has a web page with sample chapter and errata at
Whither Latinum?
Actually one property of Latinum should be that it would be economically
inefficient to replicate or otherwise inflate.  Another that it should
have one or more unique properties that made it easy to authenticate.  And
it should be durable.  Gold had these in 1000 BC - Mines were few, A
"touchstone" could show if it was pure (v.s. dilution with silver), and it
doesn't rust.  In the 1800s fine-line engraving was the authentication and
anti-replication method of choice, since it was capital intensive to set
up, but you can tell if a geometric pattern is irregular.  Now we will
have cybercheques with digital signatures - forgeable if you have a
trillion dollars worth of computer time.
(see, it is on-topic).
finger tz for PGP key

@_date: 1996-11-27 12:21:51
@_author: Tom Zerucha 
@_subject: Re: wealth and property rights 
It may also be an advantage.  Anyone looking today at what passing wealth
onto the offspring does to them would make them more likely to give it to
someone else.  (I don't agree with Ayn Rand on everything, but Atlas
Shrugged has a short treatise on money, and one point she makes is that
inherited wealth is always squandered unless those who inherit it are as
good at handling it as the parent - I can also add, unless they go into
politics and rig the game).
I believe in strong laws to prevent the accumulation of power.  Lord
Acton (Power tends to corrupt) was a Classical Liberal.  Wealth is one
form of power, but it is self regulating in that you can only do so
much damage until you go bankrupt.  When you own the guns, there is
much less limitation.  Gates can buy Time and put his face on every
week, but I don't think people would keep buying Time if Gates was the
only feature.  Time also puts Gates on because he is newsworthy.
The problem IS one of value.  When you say someone has a valuable
talent, that is not valued "dollar-wise", what value does it have?  If
you are setting yourself up as god you can give an answer, but
otherwise I don't think any of us have enough information.  Price
defines how valuable something ACUTALLY IS to society, not how much it
would be valued in Utopia, or in a particular person's utopia.
I like music of the period from Bach through Beethoven.  I, as god,
would discourage Sibelius and DeBussey from being played.  You
probably have different tastes, and as god, would favor different
music.  I express myself by buying recordings of Bach, Schubert, etc.
You buy others.  That is how the value is shown, and how rewards are
equitably distributed.  People like me paying for a CD of the goldberg
variations send information in the form of price to those considering
producing the recording.
Rock Stars and Atheletes are far more overvalued (and tend to be
corrupted by it) in a moral-philosophical sense, so should we close
down all the stadia, and only produce classical CDs - this would be
the first step toward your idea of a "just" society.
I think there are a lot of stupid people out there who would be happy
on half the income doing something they like.  But if someone values
money more than frustration, it is their choice, and I don't have the
right to violate it.  I like music, but am terrible at making it, so I
program, which I also like instead, and I don't do ironwork which
might pay well, but I don't enjoy.
I am left to the terrible justice of my own choices.
Then I would suggest you live by your own words and become a store
clerk and work on free software.  You have no right to be happily
employed doing something you enjoy while there are miserable clerks
out there.  You should free an existing clerk to pursue his dream for
a while.  Or is it "A free market for me, but not for thee"?
I have a very good job BECAUSE it is what I like doing.  I could
easily double my income by changing my condition and battling uphill
as an independent contractor.  But I make a choice between money and
contentment.  We all do.  And I cannot set up a better system.
finger tz for PGP key

@_date: 1996-11-27 12:49:39
@_author: Tom Zerucha 
@_subject: Re: wealth and property rights 
We DON'T live in a "capitalist" (free market, if you prefer) society.  If
we didn't have socalism transferring wealth, I would not need to pay
taxes, nor worry about having government take my wealth at gunpoint. Saying that Argentina is "capitalist" is the mistake, not that it is an
example where it does not work.  I would like an example where socialism
does work - by "work" I mean that resources are used efficiently.  Hong
Kong and Singapore exist.  The latter is far from free, politically, but
the economic freedom leads to efficient use of resources.  The closest
thing to a "working" socialist society I can think of is a monastary (many
do become wealthy), but I don't think the majority of the population can
emulate it.  The Amish may be socialist, but are they economically
efficient?  Any real capitalist society will be inferior to an imaginary
socialist utopia, just as cars are far more efficient where inertia and
aerodynamics don't exist.
Also, to define terms (for the purposes here, and to correct confusion
from earlier posts):
Socialism is where the government controls the means of production (this
includes regulation, so that I may "own" a factory, but the government
tells me what to produce, and/or how much and/or at what price). Capitalism (or pick another word) is where private individuals
(potentially acting collectively in a corporation) control the means of
production, and make the decisions of what and how much to produce, and
what price to sell it at.  Capital is a factor in production.
By Capitalism, I don't mean corpratism.  Corporations find it in their
interest to pass protectionist laws and corporate welfare benefits and
thus destroy free enterprise.  If you can keep small businesses to a
minimum, they will have less chance of becoming competitors.  But
corpratism requires government to set the product, quantity, or price,
which is under my definition of socialism.
I also don't mean anarchy, in the sense that I have to protect myself
individually from violence, theft, and fraud.  That is one of the few
proper functions of government.  Trade doesn't flourish when each
monitary transaction is trumped by weapons.
My point is that the Capitalist (free enterprise) society will be
wealthier and happier than a socialist society, not that it will be
Corporations will benefit from many things, even in a free enterprise
society - and I hope they do, since (with the current bias against
independent contractors - another socialist idea) I stand a better chance
of being employed and making money the more healthy corporations compete
for my labor.
finger tz for PGP key
