
@_date: 1995-01-06 20:41:56
@_author: root 
@_subject: Remailers, Linux, & Help ... 
Hi all,
Normaly I use(d) 'ravage to access this list but the times they are a
changin' ...
I have successfuly gotten my network at home on Internet via a ISDN link. We
are interested in setting up a remailer which among other things supports
anonymity. If anybody has experience or learned input on doing this under Linux please contact me. A reminder that RoboFest 6 in Austin, TX will occur this year on April 1 & 2.
If there are any c-punks interested in giving a talk or doing demo's then please contact me. If any of you folks are in the area then stop by and say
Hi. I will be working at the Wired Society booth.
Take care!

@_date: 1995-01-07 08:59:01
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: TEMPEST Questions... 
Hi all,
Regarding Tempest, Something similar happens to me in my workshop. I have several computers
stacked on two shelves. It is quite commen for several of them to be on
at one time. In particular when I have my Amiga 1200 driving my NEC TV/Monitor
I notice that it appears on the other composite video monitors even though
the Amiga drives RGB. What I think is happening is that the NEC is converting
the RGB to standard TV drive rates. The short of it is that I can watch my
Amiga 1200 on my TV that is sitting a couple approx 3ft. from it.
It could also be the fact that the 1200 has a video output that is poorly shielded. It is capable of driving a composite device directly as well.
One aspect that is interesting is that if you have several sources going at once the quality degrades. One possible technique for defeating such
monitoring would be to have a couple of standard video recorders drive a
video game rf modulator tied to an antenna to provide a 'shell' of drivel
from your cable feed. Your VCR may be able to drive the antenna directly.
Take care.

@_date: 1995-01-07 09:21:03
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Data Haven problems 
If there is no cost associated with the haven and there are no account
limitations (ie anyone can get an account) then I don't see a means to do
it reliably. However, if you work up a fee based scheme such that you charge per M then it is trivial. If the data is larger than the account
balance it bounces. By limiting the availability of accounts you can make
it less enticeing for users to spam the haven because they are hurting
themselves. And it is assumed that since the accounts are limited  that there is an assumed web of trust working.
It seems to me that a message should come back only if there is a problem.
This form of dating files is pretty commen in bbs systems where if a user
doesn't log in for say 30 days the account and its contents are deleted.
To do this doesn't even require knowing anything about the user  other than
how long the files have been there versus how long they are supposed to be

@_date: 1995-01-07 19:44:19
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: carrol( 
Hi all,
For what it is worth, I oppose banning in any manner, shape, or form. There
is no morale or ethical justification for it.
Take care.

@_date: 1995-01-09 17:44:27
@_author: root 
@_subject: Pornography, What is it? 
To: cpunks the world over
Hi all,
I am very interested in the data haven issue now that I have my site up. The
aspect of pornography is a problem that has to be faced. To this end, I would
like to ask that we look at how pornography is defined.
From my own view, I fail to see any way to truly define pornography as anything other than the ravings of a neurotic (both on a personal and
a societal level). Every example of pornography I have seen has been put
in that category because it contravenes some personal or group taboo.
Take care.

@_date: 1995-01-09 20:36:44
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Pornography, What is it? 
I am well aware that what I personaly consider pornography carries little
weight. But it does carry some since I do vote. There is the whole issue of
community standard that has been left out of this discussion so far and that
means that I as a taxed land owner (5 acres in Lockhard, TX) get to sit on
juries now and again. In that sense what I believe can carry a lot of weight.
Even to the point of refusing to convict somebody because I personaly feel a
law or precedence is incorrect. But when you consider states like Oregon where
the whole concept of pornography has been removed from the books it makes me
have a little hope for sanity. My personal contention is that pornography
does not exist any more than good or evil do, these concepts are based on our
personal ethos not anything absolute.
As to data havens being dangerous to run...I don't know. At the recent HoHoCon
there was a long discussion 'bout networks hidden within networks that was very
intriguing. If Doug Barnes is reading this he may be willing to reiterate some
of the talk. I do know that at the moment my partners and myself are looking
at remailer software running under Linux and data havens are something that we
have discussed. I personaly see data havens as a repository for information that is beyond the keen of governments to regulate. This is the key point to
me. Not whether it is industrial secrets, military secrets, or .gif's that jr. can get his rocks off over. I see the whole pornography issue as a red
herring that keeps the dim-witted and ignorant busy on while everyone else
with a clue gets on with their own personal agenda. I do not mean this to imply
a conspiracy, simply that most DA's have something they want (ie political clout) and they will in general do whatever it takes to get. In a sense one
could consider such regulatory agencies as mercenaries for personal gain.

@_date: 1995-01-10 04:07:20
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Pornography, What is it? 
If this is so then everything I have read or seen misses this minor point
completely. Every press release, speech, etc. that I see uses the term
pornography, not obscenity. TV preachers, news anchors, newspapers, DA's,
etc. consistently use the term pornography. The state of Oregon specificaly
legalized pornography, not osbcenity. I think from a legal standpoint there is little difference between the two.
Sorry, for the slip.

@_date: 1995-01-10 15:47:47
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Pornography, What is it? 
I understand what you are saying, what I am saying is the distinction is not
used in practice. The bbs operator in Cali. that was busted in Tennessee was
busted for delivering PORNOGRAPHY (not obscenity) to a minor (in short a 14
year olds account being operated by a oinkdroid.) If you can 'simply' ban
obscenity then why all the rucus? Simple, you can't ban it simply... or any
other way for that matter. As to your zoning restrictions, they change from
place to place and hence are not a hard and fast rule either. The bottem line
is that the distinction fostered by legal eagles is a straw man argument, it
is intended to distract from the real issue - freedom to do what  you want
unless you harm another or their property without their prior concent.
This test is a joke, if you apply it fairly then a man and his wife having
anal sex would qualify as obscene in many places (which it does in some states)
Also, the whole concept of community standards is unworkable. Whose community?
The reason so few  people get busted under the Miller test is that there really
are so few idiots out there who would fall for it.
The reason they want to regulate pornography is that it is a stepping stone to
a total ban. It is based on religous grounds and the issue really has little if
anything to do with Constitutional rights.

@_date: 1995-01-10 21:41:34
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Pornography, What is it? 
I understand, I just don't think most of the folks out there against porno are interested in constitutional rights. They don't see them as relevant to their day to day lives. You might call it a sort of cult of personality which
is using religion as the head.
Also, the 1st Amendment says that Congress shall make no law, it doesn't say
a damn thing about the states doing it. When I read this amendment what I  see
is the founding fathers saying it is up to each state to decide for themselves.
And since Congress is placed in charge of inter-state relations it is quite
simple to reduce this to mean that States may not apply their standards to other states because they would then be acting in the place of the federal
Yes, but at no time was it proved that a mindor DID d/l the file only that they
could. Big distinction to me. A oinkdroid did the d/l'ing by playing like the
14 year old. To me this is entrapment.   I think you misunderstand. The First Amendment places restrictions
The 1st. Amendment says nothing about what the states can do, only Congress.
Then I suggest you read the 9th and 10th Amendment. The 9th says the states
will ALWAYS get the benefit of the doubt. The 10th says the federal government
will NEVER get it unless there is a Constitional Amendment.
It is made illegal because it is considered obscene. You seem to be skirting
the issue here. And since when is speech not an act? There are a whole list
of things included in the freedom of speech issue (ie freedom of the press)
that clearly implies that speech is one kind of act.
Last time I checked such cases were tried by 12 peers, this hardly qualifies as
community by any definition. It is not like they take a vote of all the people
in the community of voting age (which they should).
As am I. I base each and every one of my beliefs about how this government
is supposed to be run on that document and that document alone. It is not
the supreme law of the land for nothing.

@_date: 1995-01-11 16:41:14
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Pornography, What is it? 
Article XIV (1868)
Sec. 1.
All persons  born or naturalized in the United States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are citizens of the United States and of the States
wherein they reside. No state shall make or enforce any law which shall
abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States;
nor shall any State deprive any person of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws.
Where in there is the protection you speak of? I see no guarantee of my Constitutional rights, only of privileges and immunities as granted
by the federal government. The 1st Amendment say:
Article 1 (1791)
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech,
or of the press; or the right of the people to assemble, and to petition
the government for a redress of greivances.
Lets examine the first part of this article. Since Congress is prohibited from making any law (ie no law) respecting religion it follows they don't
even get the opportunity to define religion. When one considers the Supreme
Courts view of Rastafarians, Coptics, and the Native American Church it is clear they are making laws respecting an establishment of religion. It is
also clear they are prohibiting the free exercise thereof as well.
The attacks on freedom of speech are quite clear and I won't go into them.
The last part is quite irrelevant since as citizens we can't even sue the
government in civil court without first getting its permission. Not what
I would call supporting our rights to redress of greivances.
Article IV (1791)
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated,
and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath
or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
Have you ever heard of the DoJ Forfeiture Super Fund?
Why do courts allow law enforcement to act upon anonymous tips when no oath or affirmation is given in such a case? Article V (1791)
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime,
unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service
in time of war or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the    same offence to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be
compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor deprived
of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private
propety be taken for public use, without just compensation.
The last sentence is the most commenly broken aspect of this amendment.
A strong case could be made that breathalyzer, blood tests, and such also
violate the spirit and letter of this article.
Article VI (1791)
In all criminal procecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy
and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have
compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the
assisstance of counsel for his defence.
Seems to me that according to this anonymouse witnesses should not be allowed
in any case. Since he also has a right to a public trial the court does not
have the power to exclude the press or public. Article IX (1791)
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights shall not be construed
to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
This article states quite clearly and simply that if there is any doubt as
to whether it is a right the resolution shall be found in favor of the people.
Article X (1791)
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States, or to the people.
This article states clearly that if it isn't in this document the federal government has no claim to it. The only way they may get such powers is
through due process, namely constitutional amendments.

@_date: 1995-01-12 04:44:27
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Data Havens..A consumer perspective 
I will let you store it but in order to access it I get access to your
stores of data.
Actually for a real data haven to work it should not only keep the
original data but any inferences you make with the old data or any new
data you use in the analysis of the old data.
Or provide some service in kind.
The longer you hold the data the less it is worth.

@_date: 1995-01-15 16:50:09
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Draft of editorial to SF Chronicle 
It was even possible to get eyewitness descriptions of much of the troop
movement in Moscow in near real-time on  The attack on the Russian
White House was in particular quite interesting to watch on CNN and compare
what was going on via irc comments.

@_date: 1995-01-19 15:42:38
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
I am also using ISDN to get my network on through Southwestern Bell.
The charges I had to deal with were:
$135 deposit (refunded in 2 years)
$73 per month line rate (2B+D)
$350 per month for ISDN connection to another system on Internet and in
     Austin there is only one system that can do this for .com sites.
     This is a commen problem all over the country I understand.
$1150 for Combinet 160 w/ NT-1 for ISDN-Ethernet bridge.
$750 for account setup and for the folks at the other end to configure.
This is a little expensive for home use but well within the means of even
small businesses. I am lucky in that I am flat rate.
We get charged only for the D channel traffic which is usually used for call
progress control. In general we don't use the D channel at all.
It is a clean, fast (300kbs w/ compression), and economical for a full time
feed as well.

@_date: 1995-01-19 20:39:08
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: stjude? 
Now wait just one second here....I have root at Solar Soyuz Zaibatsu and that
is about as close to the solar system as you can get.....you stole the passwords......somebody call the net cops !!!!!

@_date: 1995-01-21 06:51:24
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Remailers-in-a-box 
I would state this is a security breach. entry should not
know anything about the second level re-mailers other than a method to
identify them as legitimate.
The 'client' re-mailers should be the ones to initiate the call-up, not the
entry re-mailer. This way if the portal is compromised no information can
be gained such as the list of clients. The entry re-mailer should sit there
waiting for a call. When it gets one it goes through some kind of verification
process (akin to some comments I maid back in the summer relating to making
all the packets encrypted at all times).
If you make the entry point anonymous and have at least two of the entry points
slaved (sorta like collision avoidance on ethernet) then the entry point never
has to change. Also if one goes down the other takes up the slack. It might
also be possible to have it route over-flow packets from the main router to the
slave router when traffic maxes out.
The reality is that the main point of attack is going to be the incoming
since if you take that one (if it is a smalll and simple re-mailer network)
will bring the whole system to its knees.
Take care.
Take care.

@_date: 1995-01-24 04:26:42
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
Exactly how does this work at your location Eric? Here in Southwestern Bell
we don't use the D except for call initiation and termination. There is no
useage tarriff other than this. Hence, we have no idle charge. My bill runs
a flat $72 and some change each month.
Take care.

@_date: 1995-01-26 16:13:22
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: The Remailer Crisis 
Here in SWB territory there are residential and business rates for ISDN.
Be shure to multiply these costs by 2 since a singe 56k is approx. half of
2 B's that have been bonded. I specificaly looked for a provider who didn't
charge according to how many machines I have on the other end. I am buying
the ability to send a certain amount of bits over a wire in a certain amount
of time. Whether those bits come from 1 or 100 machines is irrelevant.
I would have no problem w/ interNIC chargeing for registering IP's (which I
hear may happen sooner than we realize) since I got a full 'C' when I set up.
We already use 23 of the addresses and will be looking at adding at least a
couple of more in the near future.
In the case of the CombiNet 160 the choice of 'idle-out' or 'tear-down' is
one of software. The codec is programmed via a serial line (which the dox say
can be hooked to a modem, as if anyone was that stupid) port and has its own little menu system. I keep both my B's running all the time.
Take care.

@_date: 1995-01-31 19:56:07
@_author: root 
@_subject: VoicePGP cracked in 10 minutes?... 
Hi all,
I heard a rumor hear in Ctl. Tx. that the VoicePGP project was cracked in the
last couple of days in approx. 10 minutes. Anyone have any info on this other
than one of those wild rumors that occur?
Thanks and take care.

@_date: 1995-02-06 19:27:53
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: dna ink 
The blood is water soluble and many of the componants breakdown over time. By
injecting DNA (which has lifetimes measured in millions of years) in some kind
of matrix (ie epoxy or cyanoacetates) it becomes possible to create a modern
'seal' similar to the wax seals of yesteryear. In the case of the old seals it
was not the wax which provided the protection but rather the symobigy that was
embedded in it (ie DNA).
And you thought that T Rex forward from the dinosaur mailing list about DNA
from dinosaur bones was unrelated to crypto......bwahahahahaha
                                                      Ravage
                                                       Black
                                                        Leather
                                                         Monster
ps You really should go take a look at the mathematics used to 'bridge' gaps
   in the DNA strands.

@_date: 1995-02-06 20:23:16
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: dna ink 
This is the same problem that arose with the original idea of seals once
the skills of metalworking became commen enough. By the 1500's it was
nearly impossible to keep a seal confidential more than a few weeks until
somebody got a impression and built a copy.

@_date: 1995-02-06 20:26:25
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: "encrypt tcp connections" hacks 
I have been doing help desk related work for nearly 10 years and in my experience 'user friendly' is something you see on ads and never in the
I have yet to see a piece of software that is useful and actually solves
a problem or does a job that doesn't also require an investment by the
help desk.
It simply ain't that easy.

@_date: 1995-02-08 17:28:24
@_author: root 
@_subject: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
Hi all,
A friend advises me that today House Bill 666 passed. This supposedly would
allow police officers to use evidence collected illegaly if they 'believed'
that it was collected in good faith.
Any word on it?

@_date: 1995-02-08 22:17:25
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: S314 and potential hell-raising 
What other kind of responce other than no compromise should be entertained?
                                                Ravage
                                                 A
                                                  Konfused
                                                   Xfrmr

@_date: 1995-02-09 05:48:21
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: Best encryption device driver for MS-DOS? 
You leave your laptop turned on and out of your immediate reach? Geesh.
I would NEVER leave my laptop anywhere that I didn't have it in eyeshot. It
was the whole reason I got one.
Business must be good, you are more worried about somebody stealing a $500
dollar program than a several thousand dollar laptop?
Try Lo-Jak so that when your laptop goes a wanderin' you can find it....:)

@_date: 1995-02-12 08:27:13
@_author: root 
@_subject: Q: ref. for DNA used to solve math. network prob. (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
Only peripheraly related to crypto but has anyone got any info on this?

@_date: 1995-02-13 04:38:53
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: bill alert... 
Then you would have no users. Users resent being made to do anything they
don't want to do. If they decide it is worth it they will do it, otherwise
they go elsewhere.
Take care.

@_date: 1995-02-13 13:58:18
@_author: root 
@_subject: Re: bill alert... 
I see it as going broke in action...the majority of your users will leave.
Then exactly how do you pay the bills?
This singlemindedness is unworkable in the real world. One of the whole ideas
that I am concerned with regarding crypto is to have people STOP telling me
what to do. Why would I want to become what I hate?
Take care.
