
@_date: 1996-05-04 15:50:49
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: "Bit Tax" proposed by satan@hell.gov 
The problem with a tax on data is that it would be *extremely* unfair. It would be like a tax on atoms. With a tax on atoms, the tax on a bag of
groceries would be hundreds of times greater than the tax on a diamond
ring, because there are more atoms in a bag of groceries
Bits are the digital equivalent of atoms. With a tax on bits, the tax on
the download of an up-to-date virus scanner would be hundreds of times
greater than the tax on an emailed business contract.
If this bit tax thing were attempted, the amount of time people spend
online would be determined entirely by their income; if you can't afford
the tax, you can't use the net. Conversely, with employment moving to the
net, people's income would be determined by how much time they spend
working on the net. That creates a nasty catch-22; if you can't afford to use the net, you can't get a job; and if you can't get a job, you can't afford to use the net.
I understand some ISPs currently charge for data, but it's very cheap (My company pays around $20 per gigabyte). The amount of taxation needed to sustain a government would be hundreds of times greater.
And of course, taxing on data would discourage new technology, since new technology usually requires a lot more bandwidth. People wouldn't use the new technology because it could easily quadruple (or more) their taxes.
This bit tax idea must have come directly from satan

@_date: 1996-05-04 21:54:16
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: What are the Feds looking at now :) 
Hmm... This person doesn't seem to realize the size of the internet, or
it's decentralized nature. I wouldn't worry about this guy. Even if such a list existed, he wouldn't
know what to do with it. "C:\>type isplist.txt"... heheh... :)
(Yes, I know some people compile lists of ISPs, but those lists cover only the tip of the iceburg. And yes, I also know that the root nameservers have massive databases, but they don't provide much info beyond the domain names and IP addresses.)

@_date: 1996-05-09 15:55:27
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: Transitive trust 
Submitted for your (dis)approval...
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
[butchered for brevity]
I think we need to make a distinction between belief in identity and trust
in competence. Currently, signing a key *only* means that you believe that
the person is who they say they are. It should also be possible to state
that you believe a person is competent enough to use proper care when
signing other keys.
Obviously, you wouldn't competence-sign someone's key unless you've known them for quite some time. The "competence web-of-trust" would grow very slowly. This competence-web-of-trust would have to remain tightly-knit, as you wouldn't want to trust anyone more than a couple links down the While the web-of-competence would grow slowly, this small group of people could identity-sign a lot of keys.
I know this might sound a bit like a hierarchical structure of trusted people (which it *could* be) it's really more like a web, and anyone could create their own web-of-competence, and the webs could eventually be linked together.
Creating a web-of-competence would take a long time, and a lot of effort. But, signing could actually become a paid service, which would give people incentive to gain trust (by being paranoid when it comes to key signing). The most widely trusted people could charge significant amounts of money for the time needed to verify a person's credentials. Of course, there aren't currently many people out there worth paying an arm and a leg to get them to sign your key, but I could see people paying $5-$500 to have their key identity-signed by someone like PRZ.
Having a key competence-signed by someone like PRZ would obviously cost a
lot more than identity-signing, since it would take a lot more time to
gain that much trust. It would not be unlike paying for an education, and
with identity-signings being worth $5-$500 or more, it could be a
worthwhile investment. Having a key competence-signed by more than one
person would increase the value of your key, and once there are a couple
good signatures on your key, other people would be more willing to
competence-sign it, because there would be less risk involved (risk to
their reputation).
There would probably have to be more than one level of competence signing.
It should be possible to say "I trust this person to use care when
identity-signing other keys", and it should also be possible to say "I
trust this person to use care when competence-signing other keys". That
second type of signature would be *very* valuable, and it would be
necessary to have that and possibly even higher levels of trust in order
to make the web-of-competance a reasonably large size. When you sign a key, you are placing your reputation on the line, so you must be certain that the level of trust you're placing is appropriate. But what happens when someone goes rogue and ignores credentials, and signs keys of anyone who is willing to pay the price? You would regret signing the rogue person's key. So, IT SHOULD BE POSSIBLE TO REVOKE TRUST, in order to protect your own reputation.
PGP currently only allows a person to revoke their own key. Most people would revoke their key if it were stolen, to protect their own reputation. However, some people may be unwilling or unable to revoke their own key, and if you signed that key, your reputation may be affected. Clearly, it should be possible to remove your signature from someone's key.
Revoking trust has it's own little problem: Some people might accept cash
and sign a key, then revoke the trust in the key, keeping the cash. Easily fixed: the people who have signed the con man's key could revoke
the trust in that key, bringing an abrupt end to the con man's key-signing days.
What it all comes down to is reputation. Protect your reputation, and you could make a living on your reputation alone.

@_date: 1996-05-11 12:45:09
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: Transitive trust 
PITA, indeed... Not only do you have to re-sign everyone's keys, you also
have to have your key re-signed. When simply changing keys (eg. for a
larger keysize) it's usually sufficent to sign your new key with your old
one, but if you're revoking your old key, the signature won't really mean
anything. I suppose you could sign a message with your old key, saying
"I'm switching keys, here is my new key, please sign it.", and after you
have some signatures on the new key, revoke the old key.
I agree, but in the context of key signing, your key signing reputation is
all that really matters. I would accept a key signed by Bozo the Clown, if
Bozo did the proper research into the keys he signs and has never signed a
bogus key. Of course, being well-known for other reasons would help people
to remember your name. :)

@_date: 1996-05-16 16:15:55
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: RE: Why does the state still stand: 
They can't, if the company doesn't use True Names.
This is a serious problem... An employee could, of course, state his/her
case to Usenet and other places and bring down the reputation of the
company. Problem is, would people believe him/her? And if people would
believe, what's to stop someone from deciding to "turn coat" like you said
above, except instead of reporting to the IRS, they spread lies to the
world? Assasination Politics won't work if you can't locate the physical
person, but reputation assassination would probably be a fairly simple
matter. Another problem with reputations is that people are stuck until they get a
good one. A bad rep can always start over. In fact, a person/company can
look perfectly nice, but use a different identity for dirty work.
Naturally, you'd only trust dealings that involve a "nice" identity.
Problem is, young people who are just starting out have a no-reputation
identity, and would be treated the same as the no-reputation identities
that are used for screwing people over. Reputations could be very hard to create, and very easy to destroy.
Well-known good reputations would be powerful and fairly hard to destroy,
so it's possible that the big reputations might try to crush little
reputations in an effort to gain some sort of reputation monopoly. Maybe. This is not a problem. I believe some of the ecash banks are already
exchanging ecash for physical cash. It's a needed service, so there will
always be people willing to do it. I do not advocate tax evasion or any other illegal activity. I'm just
looking through a hazy crytal ball to see one possible future.

@_date: 1996-05-18 17:49:47
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: [NOISE] Re:Rural Datafication (via RFC 1149) 
Hmm... Maybe this could be a low-cost way to get rural areas connected to the internet? The RFC says it's primarily for metropolitan areas, but I believe it could be equally effective in rural areas.
(BTW, this is a "real" RFC. I got it from ftp.internic.net.)

@_date: 1996-05-18 19:19:30
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: CSIS Supports Crypto (fwd) 
For what it's worth...
---------- Forwarded message ----------
by David Jones
OTTAWA --  The Canadian Security Intelligence Service, CSIS,
wants Canadian corporations and government departments to be
aware of the growing problem of "economic espionage".
This is distinct from "industrial espionage", which is just
company-on-company spying; "economic espionage" is state-sponsored.
I spoke briefly with Ted Flanagan, who is the National Coordinator
for Economic Security and Proliferation Issues, for CSIS.
After hearing him make his pitch on the TV news, I wanted to ask him
about a possible conflict between, on the one hand, Canadian law
enforcement, which seems reluctant to see strong encryption become
widely used and, on the other hand, CSIS, which seems to be implying
that government departments and private companies should take active
steps to protect themselves, including the use of strong encryption.
Here's a few of his comments, (paraphrased)
   It's sometimes surprising for people to hear that foreign
   states do have significant resources and can easily monitor
   telecommunications, *globally*.  Companies have to be mindful
   of this.  Encryption may not be necessary for everything,
   but for particular aspects of their business communications,
   such as bid proposals, online transactions, it may be appropriate.
   Obviously there is a law enforcement concern about criminal
   activity being shielded by the use of encryption, but encryption
   is now a commonplace and commercially available fact of life.
   The technology exists and if individuals are going to use it for
   illicit purposes, then they're going to use it.
   The reality, though, is that the Canadian government does have
   a security policy and they do have encryption requirements.
   Encryption is the sort of thing that an awful lot of Canadian
   companies are also using, depending on their resources and needs.
   We're working with a community who we feel have a legitimate
   requirement to ensure that proprietary information is protected.
   There's no way to reverse the trend of having commercially
   available software for encryption.
So the bottom line for cops seems to be:
Encryption is here to stay; get used to it.
Ted Flanagan also explained CSIS's mandate.  It doesn't deal with
law enforcement per se, but it is concerned with national security.
It advises government departments and alerts private organizations
to potential threats.  It operates within Canada in a "defensive"
capacity.  There's been some speculation that Canada needs an
"offensive" intelligence agency that would be able to take steps
in foreign countries to further our national interests.  (Heck, if
they're spying on us, maybe we should spy on them!)  Don't bother
signing up to be the next Canadian James Bond, though.  There's no
political support for such an agency any time soon.
Part of the problem with raising corporate awareness of the threat
of espionage is that serious incidents are often hushed up because
of the damage that negative publicity would cause to the reputation
of a big Canadian company.  CSIS tries to work with companies on
a confidential basis and keeps a private database of incidents they
learn about.
So, next time you read a newspaper article about two teenage boys
getting busted for running a BBS with pirated software, keep in mind
that elsewhere there's *real* cyber-crime that is going down, ...
and although you may never hear about it, it's happening on a scale
that makes those BBS pirates look like, well, mischievous children.
Here's a random excerpt from the CSIS 1995 Annual Report
   "A foreign government is believed to have tasked its intelligence
   service to gather specific information.  The intelligence service
   in turn contracted with computer hackers to help meet the objective,
   in the course of which the hackers penetrated databases of two Canadian
   companies. These activities resulted in the compromise of the companies'
   numerous computer systems, passwords, personnel, and research files."
- -

@_date: 1996-05-19 15:58:54
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
As you said, ecash postage could turn that around. The negative publicity
part is probably the result of the general public's negative perceptions
about anonymity. People seem to forget that anyone can drop a letter into the mailbox with
no return address. Did the Unabomber bring negative publicity to the postal service, causing people to demand that return addresses become a requirement? :-/
Unfortunately, abuse is also a factor in people's negative perceptions
about anonymity. I wonder, would the average spammer be less likely to spam if he had to
PGP-encrypt messages to the remailer? I know we want to make remailers
easy to use and not limit them to the technologically elite, but requring
encryption would have the added benefit of improving security. I believe
some remailers already require encryption; have any Spam Statistics been
gathered? Ecash postage might discourage the average spammer, unless that spammer
has deep pockets. With postage, the only spam I can think of that would
gain money or break even is a commercial advertisment, and there's no
point to using remailers for commercial ads anyways, since people need to
know how to contact the business. Liability depends on the jurisdiction, doesn't it? It would be ideal if
all remailers were in countries where there are no laws that would affect
remailers. Reducing liability also has the added benefit of protecting
anonymity, since if the mailer can't be siezed, that does prevent log
files (if any) from being siezed.
Do any such countries exist???
Also, if a remailer could be set up to _only_ remail to other remailers,
that would greatly reduce liability. Obviously we'd still need _some_
remailers that can deliver to the intended destination... I think a lot of people would be more willing to run remailers if it didn't mean that mailing list/usenet spam would have their name attached. Remailers can already be set up _not_ to send to certain addresses, so I think there's no reason that they couldn't be set to deliver _only_ to other remailers.
[butchered for brevity] Right now, I think, remailers don't need to be mainstream, they just need
to be there when people need them. And I think they can become mainstream,
if you consider that anon.penet.fi is quite popular. Just my two bits.

@_date: 1996-05-21 19:52:14
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: The Crisis with Remailers 
"As you said, ecash postage could
turn that around." You made yourself clear; I wasn't arguing against the
value of ecash postage, I was agreeing with it. The negative publicity associated with anonymity (and thus remailers) will
make remailers less valuable to their operators. That is, the operators
will want more ecash to make the venture worth the negative publicity. I think there are a lot more people who would be willing to run a remailer
as a hobby, if there weren't that negative publicity issue. I probably
would... But negative publicity is a liability in itself, in a way. I agree that ecash postage would probably provide the biggest boost to
remailers, but I don't think we should underestimate the negative effects
of the bad publicity and liability. Yes, there will be (and are) bad uses. And I do agree that most of the
anonymous posts right now are probably not what the cpunks intended to
allow. But I think people would be more willing to accept remailers, warts
and all, if they didn't have preconceptions about anonymity. If a message is actually anonymous, then there is no way to attach any
sort of reputation. Pseudonymity is a completely seperate matter. If
spammers don't want to have complaints tagged to them (which they probably
don't), they won't use a pseudonymous remailer, they'll use an anonymous
remailer. Anon.penet.fi may be an exception, but I believe that's only
because it's easy to use.
Again, public perception about anonymity is an issue, because remailers
(and remailer operators) will have a certain stigma attached.
Liability might also be related to the public perception. If everyone
accepted anonymous remailers the same as they accept that people can mail
letters without a return address, then I think nobody would be able to
take legal action against remailer operators, just as nobody (AFAIK) has
taken legal action against the US Postal Service for their 'involvement'
in the unabomber case. I think the non-governmental interference is a very interesting point, but
I still think jurisdiction is an issue. The Co$ (AFAIK) always had a legal
leg to stand on because of copyright law. If the remailers were in a
country where it would not be affected by copyright laws, the Co$ would
probably have been as ineffective as a person saying "Shut down your
remailer because someone has been using it to advocate nose-picking." You snipped the paragraph before that one, and I guess you didn't read
it... There was the sentence, "Obviously we'd still need _some_ remailers
that can deliver to the intended destination".
Remailers that deliver only to other remailers can be used for chaining
purposes and nothing else. Such remailers could be used for any link in
the chain, _except_ the last link, since the last link has to be able to
deliver to the destination email address.
This has the advantage that the operators of those remailers won't have
their names attached to spam (I think I mentioned that) and so they won't
recieve a gazillion complaints about the spam. It would also mean less
liability to those operators, since the first target of pressure groups
would surely be (and mostly is) the remailer who's name is attached to the
offending post. Of course, this won't help the remailers that are the last link in the chain,
but it would provide more remailers for chaining purposes.
I think remailers are only a niche thing.
When people start using the internet and some sort of untraceable packet
forwarding service in their everyday work, and discover that they can
evade taxes that way, then people will start moving towards it in droves,
simply because it would mean that they could work for less pay (pleasing
their employer) and yet have more take-home cash. I don't think
_remailers_ will ever have this sort of popularity, because they don't
allow TCP-like stream connections needed for web connections, PGPfone,
etc. BTW, I'm fairly certain that an anonymous/pseudonymous packet forwarding
service could be created to handle TCP connections... It should already be
possibe... It would require few additions to the TCP stack software to
allow encrypted connections, and some way to have TCP connections inside
TCP connections. And of course, servers would be required.

@_date: 1996-05-21 19:32:58
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Hiding remailers behind nymservers...? 
This 'middle-man' remailer... What does it really accomplish? Sure, the
operator is hidden, but that's only because of his/her nym at c2.org...
AFAICS, the 'middle-man' has just taken the liability off himself and put
it on the unhidden remailers. Why not just use the existing unhidden
remailers??? I think this is similar to the idea that came up about having some (but
not all) remailers only deliver to other remailers, for use as any link in
a chain except the last link. The operator doesn't have his email address
attached to spam, and there's very little liability because Co$ and other
pressure groups will always(?) go after the last remailer in the chain,
since that's the only one they can know was involved. I think the pseudonymously hidden remailer is an interesting idea, but I
don't think it offers anything over the unhidden remailers, since it's
still depending on the unhidden ones.. If you want to aviod liability,
what's wrong with running a remailer that only delivers to other
remailers, as I mentioned above? Am I missing something here?

@_date: 1996-05-22 14:22:24
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: Long-Lived Remailers 
But this does not prove that _all_ messages from Bob came from Alice. The
only messages the Church can prove went through Alice, are the messages
they themselves sent through Alice. It would not help the Church to say "We know our trade-secret Mystical
Clam Chowder Recipie went through the Alice remailer, because we sent it
through that remailer ourselves." Also, Alice could also demonstrate
sending a message through Bob without using the Alice remailer at all. I am assuming that in this hypothetical situation, remailers themselves
are not illegal, but the owners are held responisble for what goes through
them. I am also assuming that Bob does not have any records that show the
offending message coming from Alice.

@_date: 1996-06-06 16:56:14
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: Cost of brute force decryption 
Um, These 'NT Magizine' people are rather clueless. A $400 FPGA can crack
a 40 bit key in an average of 5 hours. See the report by seven well-known
experts at

@_date: 1996-06-14 10:16:52
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Zimmerman/Viacrypt 
Looking at Denning's critique (pro-escrow rant) of the NCR crypto report, she mentioned that mutant version:
  "Other corporations are similarly adopting products with data recovery   capabilities as they integrate encryption into their systems (even PGP   comes with data recovery in Viacrypt's Business Edition)."
IMHO Phil Zimmerman has good reason to object to the mutant version, if
it's going to cause the PGP name to somehow endorse escrow. If there really is a demand for escrow, maybe cypherpunks could create a
One Time Pad escrow service. Different custom 'keys' could be produced,
depending on who's asking for the data...

@_date: 1996-06-30 15:08:49
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: rsync and md4 
Sorry, I was actually thinking of two-pass Snerfu that can be collided in
a matter of minutes... I'm fairly certain that MD4 is collidable, but I
don't remember where I read that, and I'm not sure how much time it would
I'm quite certain that MD4 will not collide by accident, so it would probably be okay for you.

@_date: 1996-06-30 15:32:48
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: arcfour 
A few questions about RC4...
I understand that RC4 is like a one-time-pad, in that a key can not be
used more than once. What about adding a different salt to the key for
each encryption? Would that be sufficent, even if the salt (but not the
rest of the key) were known to an attacker? Is there any way to identify and weed out weak keys?
Does anyone have any sample data I can use to test an RC4 implementation?
A key and the first few bytes of the stream should be sufficent.

@_date: 1996-07-05 08:35:45
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: ecash thoughts 
I just thought of an obvious problem with "probabilistic payments". Suppose someone is surfing the web or whatever, and various sites are charging, say, 0.1 cents per web page, via probabilistic payments. Suppose there is a 1 in 10 chance that the person will pay 1 cent.
The person wanders around the web, acting as though he's perfectly willing
to pay, and participating in the fair coin tosses. Except, he really has
no intention of paying. He will gain free access to 9 out of 10 sites, and
on the ones that he loses the 1/10 gamble, he just backs out of the deal
and doesn't pay anything. The end result is that instead of seeing all of
the web at 0.1 cents per page, he sees 90% of the web completely for free. If everyone does this, the sites will go broke.
It's the equivalent of welshing on a bet.
The obvious solution would be to require that the person pay the 1 cent,
then if he wins the 9/10 bet, he gets the 1 cent back. But that will just
move the problem from the user to the server- the site can welsh on the
bet and refuse to pay back the one cent. They will get ten times the
payment that they are supposed to get.

@_date: 1996-07-08 13:12:16
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: more about the usefulness of PGP 
A simpler solution would be for the user to number each message. He would
send message  then message  then  etc... Skipping some numbers
should not be a problem. The server would just have to keep track of the
most recently recieved message number, and only accept messages with a
larger number. The user would also have to keep track... It would be very
easy to do; the user could number each message based on date and time.

@_date: 1996-07-18 15:31:36
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: Opiated file systems 
This sounds a lot like security through obscurity... What happens when someone reverse-engineers the software and sees that it's carefully skipping over blocks?
If you don't want people to know about your encrypted data, use stego. Even if They find the stego software, you can always produce the keys to
unlock the duress data from two or three .gif files, and say "that's all
there is." Use stego to hide data. Use encrypted filesystems for convenience. If you
try to put the two together, you'll probably end up with feature-bloat.
The idea of an encrypted filesystems being accessable over the internet sounds interesting, though. Sort of a cross between NFS and CFS. Would be great for backup purposes.

@_date: 1996-07-18 16:45:35
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: Opiated file systems 
This sounds a lot like security through obscurity... What happens when someone reverse-engineers the software and sees that it's carefully skipping over blocks?
If you don't want people to know about your encrypted data, use stego. Even if They find the stego software, you can always produce the keys to
unlock the duress data from two or three .gif files, and say "that's all
there is." Use stego to hide data. Use encrypted filesystems for convenience. If you
try to put the two together, you'll probably end up with feature-bloat.
The idea of an encrypted filesystems being accessable over the internet sounds interesting, though. Sort of a cross between NFS and CFS. Would be great for backup purposes.

@_date: 1996-07-20 19:05:25
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 3.0B US version MD5 (was: Re: overseas PGPfone and Netscape) 
How ironic. :>
Remember why people are downloading the software in the first place. They
only have eight-cent exportable 40-bit SSL. I'm sure the evil Iraqi terrorists (and other horsemen) are snooping the
line, using their newly purchased PCs and FPGAs to crack the 40-bit crypto
so that they can gain the wonderful advantages of 128-bit SSL, which will
of course prevent wiretaps from working, thus aiding them in their
terrorist attacks and bringing about the end of the world as we know it.

@_date: 1996-07-23 14:12:56
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Brute-forcing DES 
Count me in. I've got a couple of net-connected Pentiums that are mostly
idle. Did you consider the possibility of DES chips in your back-of-the-envelope
calculations? They are hundreds of times faster than PCs. I don't know
where to get them or how much they cost, though. I would expect they
wouldn't be too expensive. The cash might be better spent on DES chips
than on a prize.
Might be able to bring some money in by selling "I Helped Crack DES And All I Got Was This Lousy T-shirt" T-shirts.

@_date: 1996-07-24 22:54:05
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: Brute-forcing DES 
Yep, I'm familiar with the issue.
Bottom line is, it'll take thousands of times the CPU power of the RC4-40
crack. Probably not 2^16 times more; I think RC4 has a longer
initialization. I'm not talking about one individual or organization building one big DES
cracker. I'm thinking that DES chips _could_ be used to supliment the PCs
in a distributed crack. People with PCs would feed keyspace through their
PCs and people with DES chips could feed keyspace through their DES chips.
DES chips just happen to have a _lot_ more cracking power than PCs, so
they could make a big difference. Adding one DES chip would be like adding
hundreds of PCs to the effort. PCs will probably still be the main factor
simply because they're ubiquitous. Even with a bunch of DES chips and a massive legion of PCs, this is going
to take a long time. Perhaps we should be looking at the thousands of
computers and many months, more like the RSA-129 crack than the RC4-40
crack. If Lenstra et al know what they're talking about, then WE CAN DO THIS!!!

@_date: 1996-07-24 20:29:52
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: DES-Busting Screen Savers? 
On the subject of choosing keys randomly, rather than dividing up the
keyspace... This seems like a very good idea to me.
One potential problem is actually choosing the random keys. Have to be
able to get entropy at a fast rate, and/or use a good PRNG. Both of these
things would take time away from the actuall cracking (more time than just
incrementing the key). And if a weak PRNG is used in order to save time,
it's possible that it might favour certain keys and thus interfere with the attempt.
Any ideas for a fast and good PRNG?

@_date: 1996-07-24 20:12:23
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Re: DES-Busting Screen Savers? 
It's probably best to just choose a random starting point, and increment from there. I don't think that will affect the odds any. Problem solved.
I thought of this less than a second after I sent the message out. :-/

@_date: 1996-07-26 15:11:13
@_author: Steve Reid 
@_subject: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
I don't know the final outcome, but I do have a couple of observations...
- The person at the front of the line, making the suggestion, will always
vote for his own proposal, if only to save his own life. This is obvious. - The second-to-last person is in an interesting position. If everyone
before him is dead and he gets to the front of the line, he will decide
that he gets _all_ of the money for himself. If there's only two people
left, his own Yes vote for his own proposal makes 50% and he automatically
gets all the money. This is the best possible deal for him. So, I think
the second-to-last person will vote No to every proposal except his own, in an effort to force this situation.
Now that I think about it, solving this 'game theory' scenario has some
parallels to cryptanalysis (disclaimer: I am not a cryptanalyst). By
pointing out the above properties, I've removed a couple of 'bits' from
the 'search space'.
