
@_date: 1995-10-30 18:41:09
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Cuban Security Conference 
Mr Guevara of the Cuban embassy in London asked me to post
this announcement. Pass it on.
    Computer Viruses and Security of Information Technologies

@_date: 1997-05-20 01:24:50
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Information Hiding Workshop 
Many researchers are interested in hiding information or in stopping other
people doing this. Current research themes include copyright marking of igital objects, covert channels in computer systems, subliminal channels in cryptographic protocols, low-probability-of-intercept communications,
broadcast encryption schemes, and various kinds of anonymity services ranging from steganography through location security to digital elections.
These closely linked areas of study were brought together in 1996 by a
workshop on information hiding held at the Isaac Newton Institute in
Cambridge. This was felt to be very worthwhile by the research community, and it was decided to hold a second workshop in 1998.
This second international workshop on information hiding will be held in Portland, Oregon from the 15th to the 17th April 1998. Instructions for authors:
Interested parties are invited to submit papers on research and practice
which are related to these areas of interest. Submissions can be made
electronically (latex or postscript; preferred format is latex using
llncs.sty) or in paper form; in the latter case, send eight copies
suitable for blind refereeing (the authors' names should be on a separate
cover sheet and there should be no obvious references). Papers should not
exceed fifteen pages in length.
Addresses for submission:
Program committee:
WWW version of cfp at Details of the first (1996) information hiding workshop are at

@_date: 1998-01-13 01:08:29
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Service denial attacks on Eternity 
Exactly. When I first talked about Eternity, which was at either the
1994 or 1995 protocols workshop, I was walking back to my seat when
Bob Morris (then at the NSA) said, from behind his hand in a stage
whisper, `Kiddyporn!'
Adam Back added:
Indeed, and a decade or so ago there was a scandal when it turned out
that the spooks were using the Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast as a pedo
brothel in order to entrap various local politicians. For them to say
now that they need key escrow to suppress Kiddyporn is a bit rich!
However the main threat is the court order - Anton Pillar or whatever
- and the best weapon against court orders is anonymity. If they don't
know your address they can't serve you the order or arrest you for
Tom Womack:
I mentioned in the paper that Mossad might deny Eternity service to
the Muslim world by posting something rude about the Prophet Mohammed.
One must of course create a lawful excuse for people to have Eternity
software mounted on their system. Maybe in addition to the `public'
Eternity service we should have many corporate or even private
services, many of which have escrow capabilities and are thus clearly
law-abiding and accountable :-)
There are many other possibilities. One topic that oozes into my
consciousness from time to time is that one might integrate covert
communications and storage with an anti-spam mail program - maybe a
natural way forward if Adam hides Eternity traffic in spam!
Tim again:
Some 90% of security research effort is on confidentiality, 9% on
authenticity and 1% on availability. Corporate infosec expenditures
are exactly the other way round, and tools to enable disaster recovery
databases to be spread holographically over a company's PCs could save
a fortune compared with the cost of some current arrangements. If a
few of these backup resources have hidden directories that mount the
public Eternity service, then who can tell?
At the Info Hiding Workshop at Portland in April, I will present a new
idea which may facilitate such implementations of Eternity. This is
the Steganographic File System - designed to provide you with any file
whose name and password you know. If you don't know this combination,
then you can't even tell that the file is there. We do not need to
make any assumptions about tamper resistance; it can be done using
suitable mathematics. (This is joint work with Roger Needham and Adi
PS: we need a better word for `eternityspace', and Bell Labs have
already trademarked `Inferno'. So what - Nirvana? Valhalla?

@_date: 1998-01-13 19:45:45
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: (eternity) autonomous agents 
Adam Back:
It's even better than this - your PC becomes a common carrier and you
are no longer liable :-)
If this doesn't happen, then the advocates of Java need a whole new
security infrastructure to assure users that the applets they download
aren't defamatory, pornographic, seditious or in breach of copyright!
Tim May:
At one time, Malta was thinking seriously about becoming just such a
data haven, and I expect one will appear sooner or later. After all,
what's left of the British Empire is funded by money laundering and
tax evasion - pardon me, Sir Humphrey, `offshore financial services'. Once the online world becomes a significant part of the global
economy, small countries that wish to achieve the high living
standards of Bermuda, Gibraltar and Jersey will be able to get there
by cashing in on `offshore data services'.
Countries like Tonga already sell domain names, but a full offshore
data service would need some way of resisting pressure from the EU and
the US government. Most of the tax havens do this by being under a
colonial umbrella. Is there an alternative? Can we create virtual
colonies in cyberspace? Can we set up a gateway to Eternity in some
country like Liberia or Somalia, which is too dangerous even for the
US Marines? Or do we have to cut a deal with Sir Humphrey?
Hiding stuff inside usenet is actually a bit like hiding behind the
skirts of Empire, isn't it? The same goes for hiding stuff on open
access web sites, or in spam. Given the rate at which spam is growing these days, maybe that's where
to put it. If the only way for Authority to cut mortals off from
Eternity was to pass effective laws against spam, and the only way to
stop spam was to have a global non-escrowed public key infrastructure
so that all mortals could be strongly authenticated, then ...

@_date: 1998-01-13 23:25:15
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Re: (eternity) autonomous agents 
Ryan Lackey:
A virtual datahaven could be constructed eaily provided you knew how to
index controversial matter.
Publish the rude things about the Prophet Mohammed on a server in Israel,
the anti-Serb rants in Croatia, the kiddyporn in Sweden, the violence in
America, the Nazi hate speech in Syria and the anti-scientology stuff in
If someone wants to curse and swear at the whole world at once, then there is this amazing new invention called hypertext ...

@_date: 1998-01-14 18:06:02
@_author: Ross Anderson 
@_subject: Covert Superhighway - the missing component? 
Scratch Monkey proposes building an Eternity service using the Stego
File System, provided an anonymous broadcast channel exists - it's
assumed that alt.anonymous.messages will do the job.
I suspect that wide deployment of Eternity would lead to this group
being closed down. We need a more robust anonymous broadcast
channel. Let's call it the `Covert Superhighway'. How do we build it?
