
@_date: 1997-05-02 23:42:07
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: TWO Letters on SAFE 
Shabbir is a very good organizer and often very busy, which
may explain the confusion about the TWO letters that were
sent out regarding SAFE.
CDT sent a letter to Hon. Howard Conable, the chair of the
Subcommittee, on April 24 which said that "CDT strongly urges
you to report H.R. 695, the SAFE Act, out of the Courts
and Intellectual Property Subcommittee without amendment."
[The CDT letter is at
EPIC helped coordinate a different letter for the Internet
Privacy Coalition, which went to Rep. Goodlatte on April
28 and said
     While expressing our support for the measure, we wish
     also to state our concern about one provision contained
     in the bill. We believe that this provision, which would
     create new criminal penalties for the use of encryption in
     furtherance of a crime, could undermine the otherwise laudable
     goals of the legislation. For the reasons set forth below, we
     recommend that this provision be reconsidered when the Committee
     considers the bill.
The IPC letter was signed by 26 privacy groups, user organizations,
private companies, and trade associations. [The IPC letter is
at  ]
Marc Rotenberg

@_date: 1997-05-31 22:10:00
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
People who are interested in why I am pro-individual freedom
but not anti-government should take a look a my piece in Wired
"Eurocrats Do Good Privacy." [4.05]
I spent a year working for a good crypto policy at the OECD.
During that time I watched European government officials
argue for constitutional freedoms and against key escrow,
while business representatives quietly backed the US
GAK plan. Welcome to the real world.
Btw - Declan's summary of our views on privacy below are
just silly. Many of the greatest defenders of First Amendment
freedoms have also felt most strongly about the right of
privacy. The question is always how you protect rights.
Perhaps libertarians would do away with all laws that protect
personal freedoms. Bad call.
Marc Rotenberg, director                *   +1 202 544 9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center   *   +1 202 547 5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 301     *   rotenberg
Washington, DC 20003   USA              +

@_date: 1997-06-01 03:13:59
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Back to Tim's original point, I wonder if he knows
that the P-TRAK data that Lexis/Nexis said was
"public information" was actually taken from
credit reports collected and sold by TransUnion.
TU was able to sell the data because of a loophole
in the Fair Credit Reporting Act. Sure, you post
to the net that's public, but a lot of data collection
is much more sleazy.
I'd also appreciate some comment/criticism on
the piece I did for Wired. My point was that
in countries where there are legal rights to
privacy it will be easier for technologies of privacy
to flourish. I gave as examples the fact that PRZ
was nearly indicted in the US while David Chaum
was being applauded by the European Commission
for building anonymous payment schemes. The OECD
crypto policy drafting experience confirmed my
Let me also try to explain how the simple-minded
First Amendment-privacy rights trade-off often
misses the point about privacy claims.  Consider
the article about Judge Bork's video viewing
habits back in 1987. Should Congress/the Courts
prevent City Paper from publishing the article?
Of course not. Could Congress/the Courts require
video record stores not to disclose customer
records without explict consent? You decide.
For the hardcore free market types, take a look
at Posner's *Economics of Justice.* There are
good economic reasons for privacy laws, e.g.
do you really want to negotiate with the telcos
on a case-by-case basis whether they can sell
the contents of your phonecalls?
To be clear, I do believe that there should be
laws to protect the right of privacy and that
there should be an office within the federal
government to advocate on behalf of privacy
interests. I also believe that if such an agency
had been established in 1991 when it was proposed,
it would have been much harder for the government
to push subsequently for digital telephony, Clipper,
GAK, etc.

@_date: 1997-06-01 05:45:46
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
It's an interesting argument. I don't agree, though
you can certaintly try it. But more to the point of
your original post, is the information that TransUnion
sold to Lexis/Nexis for P-TRAK "public information"?
If yes, what is private information?
I know all these arguments. Some people said not to worry
about passage of the CDA since it couldn't be enforced.
Nice thought.  Fortunately, ACLU, EPIC, et al challenged
it in court.
I agree that there are real threats to cyber freedom in Europe.
I'm not saying otherwise. But my point is that anonymous remailers
and the like will have a better future in countries that recognize
a right of anonymity as opposed to those that don't.
Yeah, right. And the Euro countries are pushing just as hard for
key escrow as the US govt.
Fine. And I almost got arrested two weeks ago (May 1997) walking out
of the Library of Congress cause I didn't want to fill out a form with
my name and the serial number of my computer.
I agree completely with this. I/EPIC have a strong preference for
anonymous transactions. And we've been fighting this one in DC
practically alone for a long time.
The question is what are you going to do with companies
that won't let you buy a product unless you provide
your True Name?
One of the consequences of legal obligations on companies
that collect personal information might be to encourage
more payment anonymous, psuedo-anonymous payment schemes.
Wouldn't that be a good result?
I think I've answered this above. Yeah, you can always
break a law, and you don't have to move offshore to do it,
but laws still matter.
I'm not quite sure what this means, but if Tim knows any group
in DC that has fought harder for strong crypto, I'd like to
know who it is.

@_date: 1997-06-01 08:16:47
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Don't give up on the Supremes. There was at least one good
decision this year that you should care about, Chandler v. Miller,
striking down the Georgia drug testing requirement for public
officials.  Justice Ginsburg said in an 8-1 opinion that there
was no "symbolic value" exception to the Fourth Amendment. It
was the first time the Court struck down a drug testing law.
And the case was brought by the Libertarian Party in Georgia.
Credit where credit is due.
Sure, and the fine print could say that you waive your right
to vote, your first-born male child will be sold into slavery, etc.
Fortunately, the law doesn't permit this.
Btw, I didn't say Lexis/Nexis was breaking a law. I said
they were exploiting a loophole in a law, which is
exactly right.
Keep me posted. If legislation is threatening a good technical
solution, I'll be the first to blow the whistle.
The case is MacIntyre v. Ohio (1995), affirming Talley v. California
(1960). I agree that MacIntyre is very important. We keep citing
it in our arguments in support of techniques for anonymity. That's
another example of why law matters.
What about web sites denying access without registration?
I'm not going to argue the adequacy of contract for resolving
privacy issues with you. I know you have a deep belief that
uncoerced market relations are the norm. I'll respect that.
But I have a different view. I don't want people exercising privacy
rights to be discriminated against. I don't want them to have
pay extortionate rates to protect their identity.
It's an interesting view. I could say, with probably more support:
"If privacy is important to an agent, make it part of the
statutory arrangement. Again, this is already done in a huge
array of cases." (Credit reports, bank records, video
rental records, cable subscriber records, telephone calls, etc)
What examples do you have where privacy is included in
a contractual arrangement?

@_date: 1997-06-01 10:42:05
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Good examples. Many are codified in statue, created by common law,
industry practice, or professional obligation. Virtually none are
tied to specific, negotiated contracts.
One of the biggest problems with libertarian theories is that
they are descriptively flawed as applied in the real world. In
practice, perfect markets rarely exist, laws do protect rights,
and there are a lot of efficiencies -- economic, technological,
and otherwise -- in promoting the highest level of safeguards
across similar activities, e.g. you get into a car, you expect
that the brakes will work. You don't express a negotiated
preference for how much you want your brakes to work.
I don't mind the criticism if you think we're saying or
doing something that really is bad for privacy, but
a bunch of political rhetoric isn't worth much. And if
you don't think we're not busting our butt to protect
the rights of people to use strong crypto, you have no
idea what's going on.

@_date: 1997-06-01 23:07:11
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
You argued that such safeguards were routiney found in freely
negotiated contracts. I responded that such safeguards were
more likely found in legal arrangements, industry standards,
and professional obligations.
Again, I don't disagree with the aspiration. We simply disagree
on how well it works on practice.
It has a lot to do with privacy standards on the net, the
role of markets, and the way safeguards will develop.
That's a fair criticism. EPIC and ACLU are still prepared to oppose SAFE.
For the record, EPIC was the group that opposed the criminaliation
provision, and organized (with the ACLU) the effort to change it. We
had a big problem with other DC groups who (a) didn't want to
even publicize the issue and (b) discouraged companies and
individuals from supporting our effort.
But I'm not thrilled about it, and I won't bullshit you that
it was some brilliant compromise. We did as much as we could.
We'll try to do more.
We may still do this. And it's exactly what we did during the
debate on Digital Telephony.
IF NSA, FBI etc are going to being around, we'll be around. And who,
btw, do you think is going to bring those First Amendment cases to
protect Constitutional rights?
You lost me on that one. I've lived in one of the highest crime
districts in the country. I've had handguns waved in my face. I've
seen children lying dead in the street from gunfine.  I have no
sympathy at all for the turret-hole view of the world.
But I accept your right to express your views and will defend
that right against any government that seeks to limit your
That is my view of what the First Amendment is about.
Marc Rotenberg.
Marc Rotenberg, director                *   +1 202 544 9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center   *   +1 202 547 5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 301     *   rotenberg
Washington, DC 20003   USA              +

@_date: 1997-06-02 13:34:49
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: May's Banal Rant 
I don't need the lecture. I've made the argument better than
you have and I've made it longer than you have. I don't recall
you protesting the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act (1984),
working on the RTM case (a CFAA prosecution in 1988). You
weren't involved in the FOIA case for 2600.
Great plan. I'll watch TV and let Congress pass a bill
requiring mandatory identification for Internet users.
Really clever.
This is getting tiring. Who do you think first opposed the proposed
amendment to Pro-CODE creating the review board?  You are behind
the curve, but you act like you're way out in front.
I'm probably in a much better position to criticize the failure
of Tim May et al to stand up for crypto freedom than the other
way around.
And the existence proof of this proposition is . . .
Good high school humor for a good high school philosophy.
I am underwhelmed.

@_date: 1997-06-03 05:22:18
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: May's Banal Rant 
I just came back from the 7th annual crypto
conference that we've  organized in DC. Among
the people who spoke were Carl Ellison, Eric
Hughes, Matt Blaze, Peter Wayner, Cindy Cohn,
Bruce Schneier. (Michael Froomkin was invited, but
he's been out of the country. And Whit couldn't
make it cause he's finishing his book.)
Like I said, Tim May et al are behind the
curve. You guys preach cyber anarchy but
you're really armchair activists.
- For anyone interested in getting the most
recent EPIC Crypto Privacy Sourcebook, we
should have a notice on our web site by the
end of the week.

@_date: 1997-06-03 05:44:44
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: May's Banal Rant 
One other point about EPIC's role in the crypto debates -
we've done very little in the legislative realm other
than to argue for relaxation of crypto controls,
oppose DT, DT funding, and criminalization of crypto.
You want to find the folks cutting the deals, look
Most of our work has been Freedom of Information Act
litigation, political organizing, and public education.
Among other things, we were the folks who got out most
of the documents about Clipper, DT, and even the DSS.
We've also organized political campaigns in the US
against Clipper, in Paris against TTP, and two
weeks ago in London against the DTI proposal.
See, another problem with the Libertarian view of the world is
you can't accept the idea that an organization in Washington,
DC does real government oversight or political advovacy. It
doesn't fit with your notecard-sized description of the world.
Free speech is wasted on closed minds.

@_date: 1997-06-03 21:55:58
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Eurocrats Do Good Privacy
Marc Rotenberg
       Late last November, David Chaum received the Information Technology
European Award for 1995. The prize, given
       for DigiCash's ecash technology, consisted of a trophy plus 200,000
ecu (approximately US$250,000). Chaum is best
       known for the development of anonymous payment schemes that are
becoming increasingly popular in Europe for
       everything from online commerce to highway toll systems.
       At about the same time that Chaum received the prestigious award,
Phil Zimmermann, inventor of the popular Pretty
       Good Privacy encryption program, sat in his Boulder, Colorado, home
wondering whether the US government would
       make good on its threat to prosecute him for trafficking in
munitions. Although federal prosecutors announced recently
       that they will drop the case against Zimmermann, the prospects that
he will get a big cash award from the US
       government anytime soon are less than slim.
       The contrast between a decorated cryptographer in Europe and one
trying to avoid prosecution in the United States is
       more than curious. It shows that governments, at least some
governments, can be a force for progress in the crypto
       world.
       Reread that sentence. It is not conventional wisdom in the United
States. Cyberlibertarians have been unrelenting in
       their opposition to any federal role in crypto policy. Free
marketers argue simply that there is no place for government
       in the development of high-tech products. Cyberanarchists seem to
doubt whether there is any role at all for
       government.
       Of course, the Clipper debacle provides plenty of ammunition for
these arguments. Clipper combined in equal measure
       government arrogance, technological incompetence, and profound
disregard for the rights of citizens. As an exercise in
       public policy, it ranks somewhere between the Bay of Pigs and the
CIA's experiments with psychics.
       But the recent European experience should give pause to these allies
in the battle for online privacy. Not only are
       European officials at the highest levels prepared to embrace
technologies of privacy, they have almost uniformly
       opposed US-inspired surveillance schemes such as Clipper.
       Two recent reports are indicative. In "Privacy-Enhancing
Technologies: The Path to Anonymity," the Netherlands and
       the Canadian province of Ontario call for an exploration of new
technologies to promote privacy. Similarly, Anitha
       Bondestam, director general of the Data Inspection Board of Sweden,
writes in a recent report, "It is more important
       than ever to bring back anonymity and make more room for personal
space." She urges her colleagues to sharply limit
       the collection of personal data.
       This is bold stuff coming from government officials. Put on the
privacy spectrum in the United States, these statements
       are far closer to the position of many cypherpunks than to that of
any officials currently developing privacy policy.
       In the United States, to the extent that the federal government has
said anything about anonymity, the script is written
       by the Treasury Department's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network,
which is charged with investigating money
       laundering. Not surprisingly, FinCEN warns that electronic cash will
usher in a new era of criminal activity.
       It doesn't have to be this way. The reality of modern society is
that government officials make decisions every day
       about the rights of citizens. The question is whether they favor
proposals that respect privacy and personal dignity or
       not. Compared with governments that lack privacy officials,
governments that have privacy officials have repeatedly
       weighed in favor of privacy interests.
       Viewed against this background, many of the European privacy
regulations, often criticized by libertarians, should be
       seen for what they are - sensible responses of governments that
value their citizens' privacy rights. In such societies,
       technical means to protect privacy will be adopted - not viewed with
       Is the European system perfect? Of course not. Are the Europeans
doing a better job than Americans of promoting the
       technologies of privacy? Just ask David Chaum and Phil Zimmermann.
       -Marc Rotenberg is director of the Electronic Privacy Information
Center (

@_date: 1997-06-13 22:49:55
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Netscape Security Flaw is a Feature 
Tim's statement, attributed to me, is not true. And I assume there
is still some role for truth in the debate about privacy issues.
Or maybe Tim disagrees.
Marc Rotenberg.

@_date: 1997-11-13 10:33:06
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: FC: CDA: The Sequel -- introduced in the U.S. Senate 
Danny -
Since you have associated EPIC's position on the White
"compromise" with CDT's, I feel some obligation to
correct the record.
We did not, as you recall, support that bill which
included the harmful to minor standard because we
believed it was contrary to generally accepted First
Amendment standards.
CDT supported the White measure and went to great pains
to blame the members of the conference committee who
did not endorse it. (I'd be happy to dig out the
news reports on this point if there is any question).
The Court's opinion in Reno v. ACLU seems to support our
position. I do not think the White bill that you
supported would have survived a Constitutional
I wish to make a second point also. You accused
Declan of mischaracterizing CDT's position on the
White legislation. I'm still not clear exactly what
he got wrong. But you have surely mischaracterized
Larry Lessig's position in suggesting that he
supports passage of new legislation.
The O'Connor opinion, which by the way is a concurrence
and not a dissent, relies on an article by Lessig in
which he observes that restrictions have been upheld
where procedures are established to segregate (zone)
adult content. Thus the so-called Ginsburg statute.
I read Larry's analysis and his subsequent commentary
more as a warning than a recommendation. Establish
such zones and content-based controls become
permissible. Thus O'Connor's opinion seems to suggest
that labels used to distinguish content based
not on traditional library classifications (history,
literature, etc) but on whether such information is
suitable for minors would make it easier to
permit regulation.
I am not particularly interested in a lengthy back
and forth on this topic. I do think it is important
to set the record straight on EPIC and CDTs views
on the White bill. We did not agree then. You
cannot change that now. I also think you should
think a little more carefully about whether the
rating systems you promote will make it easier
for a CDA II to survive a Constitutional challenge.
Marc Rotenberg, director                *   +1 202 544 9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center   *   +1 202 547 5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 301     *   rotenberg
Washington, DC 20003   USA              +

@_date: 1997-11-20 08:14:39
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: From the Files - Freeh and Flight 800 
FWIW, Kallstrom spent much of his time at the press
conference this week debunking the missle theory.
The FBI's explanation for why so many eyewitnesses
appeared to see a missile approach the plane boils
down to this: observers, alerted by the explosion,
were actually observing a wing falling away from
the plane.
Marc Rotenberg, director                *   +1 202 544 9240 (tel)
Electronic Privacy Information Center   *   +1 202 547 5482 (fax)
666 Pennsylvania Ave., SE Suite 301     *   rotenberg
Washington, DC 20003   USA              +

@_date: 1997-12-04 07:12:38
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: FC: The tensions between Internet advocacy groups 
Danny -
I think where the free expression groups differ fundamentally
from the position CDT has set out is that we do not believe
that the Net should be dominated by rating systems.
We recognize that parents have some legitimate concerns about
the availability of objectionable material. But we think that
there are alternatives to widespread ratings -- including
learning more about the benefits of the Internet -- that
are preferable.
We also recognize that there is a risk that Congress will try to
pass CDA II. But we believe that it will be difficult for such
an act to survive Constitutional review after Reno v. ACLU.
We are perhaps more concerned that an architecture of ubiquitous
ratings will provide, as Barry Steinhardt said well at the summit,
a blueprint for legislation that would be upheld.
What exactly does CDT plan to say to the enthusiastic member
of Congress who backs your rating plan and wants to see it
enforced with sanctions?
What are your own views about a filtering search engine
that block access to 99% of the references concerning the
"American Red Cross"?
A diversity of rating systems is the not the same as a
diversity of viewpoints. It is rather a diversity of
fears and prejudices. I hope we never see the day
when national organizations are routinely called upon to
draw up lists of what they do not want others to see.
I suspect that those who are concerned about the
future of free expression share this view.
Marc Rotenberg

@_date: 1997-12-19 11:58:28
@_author: Marc Rotenberg 
@_subject: Re: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
Tim's analysis is nonsensical.
A government employee loses his job because of his political
views. He brings a lawsuit, alleging a violation of the First
Amendment, and eventually prevails in the Supreme Court.
A non-government employee who loses his job because of his
political views would have no cause of action because the
private employer is not bound by the First Amendment.
Therefore there should be far fewer government employees
to prevent further erosion of the First Amendment.
Substitute "fascist society" for "free society" in the paragraph
above and the discussion begins to make some sense. Hell, it's even
historically accurate.
[This is probably the point at which we get those posts about
how there is more freedom in Singapore. Unless, of course,
you chew gum on the job.]
