
@_date: 1994-05-23 15:10:55
@_author: Sue Hendrickson 
@_subject: SUE - the legal morass 
Errors-To: rowe
Reply-To: pjanke
Originator: dinosaur
Sender: dinosaur
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment: list for discussions about extinct megafauna
The Legal Battle for SUE the Tyrannosaurus rex
Disclaimer: I'm not a lawyer and don't claim to have a full
understanding of some of these legal issues, so what follows
is my best try at assessing this twisted case. I welcome any
corrections and contributions from others in unravelling things
and getting at the truth.
---Background Information---
On Aug. 12, 1990, the BHIGR(Sue Hendrickson) discovered SUE on deeded land owned by Maurice Williams. The Williams ranch is located within the boundaries of the Cheyenne River Sioux reservation. A sale
of the fossil(while still in the ground) occurred between the
Maurice Williams and the BHIGR for the amount of $5000.
Williams is an enrolled member of the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe.
He had placed much of his land into trust status with the U. S. government Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs.
The legal effects of trust status are that 1) The landowner is
exempt from paying federal taxes on the land for a specified period,
and 2) The landowner cannot sell the land without the consent of the Dept. of the Interior.
NOTE: Although this has no legal bearing on the case at this time,
even under trust status Williams retained the mineral rights to his land.
In other words, Williams could extract gold or allow oil drilling WITHOUT
permission of the Dept. of Interior.  Everyone agrees that SUE was found on land in "trust status".
By September 1, 1990, SUE was at the BHIGR lab facility. Most of the fossil was still encased in rock matrix and the long tedious prep work
began. The BHIGR immediately went public with their spectacular find.
As word reached the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe, they proceeded to pass a resolution(E-335-90CR) demanding the return of the T. rex skeleton
and requesting the assistance of the Bureau of Indian Affairs. The
U.S. Attorney at that time(not Schieffer) found no wrongdoing and
took no action.
March, 1992, the BHIGR announced the establishment of the Black Hills
Museum of Natural History in Hill City with SUE as the main attraction.
In the two months following the Black Hills Museum of Natural History
announcement, things began to hit the fan. Acting U.S. Attorney Kevin Schieffer had been recently appointed and said that his office was taking a look at the legal questions surrounding SUE, but would not to comment on the specifics of the investigation. Around the same time, Maurice Williams decides that he didn't sell SUE to the BHIGR after all. It is also revealed that a private fossil collector from Canada has suddenly offered Williams 1 million dollars for the skeleton if he can get SUE back. When asked what he thought the $5000 check from the BHIGR was for, Williams said he didn't know but "maybe it might have been for mitigation".

@_date: 1994-09-26 11:54:58
@_author: reuters 
@_subject: DNA at last 
Errors-To: rowe
Reply-To: Flyinggoat
Originator: dinosaur
Sender: dinosaur
Precedence: bulk
X-Comment: If you want to unsubscribe but forgot how, mail to rowe
I copied this out of the San Jose Mercury News this morning.
US TEAM EXTRACTS FRAGMENTS OF DNA FROM DINOSAUR BONES
American scientists have extracted genetic material from the bones of a 65
million-year-old dinosaur--but they won't be recreating the mighty beasts as
happened in the film "Jurassic Park".
   Paleontologist Jack Horner, and advisor on Steven Spielburg's hit film
about dinosaurs, managed to isolate fragments of DNA from the femur of a
Tyrannosaurus Rex, the Sunday Times reported.(me: what Sunday times?  The
London Sunday Times?)
   Detailing the findings of the Montana University lecturer, it said
Horner's team is to publish evidence that the fragments resemble those of
modern-day birds.
   This would mean that dinosaurs did not die out 65 million years ago as
generally assumed.  Some may have survived and evolved into birds.(me:
continued to evolve into birds)
   Horner has been racing against another US team, led by Professor Scott
Woodward of Utah's Brigham Young University, to be first with the dinosaur
DNA details.
   Woodward told the Sunday Times: "I think we will find there were almost as
many different kinds of dinosaurs on Earth as there are animals today and
that some were probably closely related to birds."
   But neither Horner or Woodward forecast that Jurassic Park would come
true.   DNA fragments can be amplified and copied, but they are only a tiny
part of the total genetic make-up needed to re-create dinosaurs.
(me: comments?)
Betty Cunningham(Flyinggoat
