
@_date: 1994-11-22 08:27:54
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Admiral Inman 
He lost even more during his rambling, almost incoherent "I'm withdrawing
my name" speech, which apparently took the administration by surprise
and wherein he sounded like a paranoid Perot as a victim of drug experiments.
Followup articles explained things like "hey, MCC isn't such a sterling
success as we all first thought."
Even if he were willing to be a spokesman, it'd probably hurt the cause.

@_date: 1994-11-22 09:40:30
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Borenstein Speech 
Nat Borenstein is speaking nearby on Monday.
    Traditional one-way payment mechanisms, such as cash, credit cards,
    and digital cash, presuppose the necessity of payment validation in
    advance of the completion of a transaction.  In contrast, a "closed
    loop" protocol that verifies both payment information and customer
    satisfaction permits a far simpler payment engine in an open Internet
    environment, and is well-suited to a broad sub-class of Internet
    commerce applications.  In this talk, I will present the underlying
    philosophy, design rationale, and specification overview for a
    recently-developed set of open protocols for information commerce.
Send me questions :-)

@_date: 1994-11-22 10:18:39
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Borenstein Speech 
I know better then this.
What's the global definition of nearby? :(
I'll be the one yelling "thief, thief" as he talks about safe-tcl...
              MITSUBISHI ELECTRIC RESEARCH LABORATORIES
                             201 Broadway
                         Cambridge, MA 02139
                             617-621-7500
               OPEN PROTOCOLS FOR INFORMATION COMMERCE
                Nathaniel Borenstein, Chief Scientist
                     First Virtual Holdings Inc.
                Date:  Monday, November 28, 1994
                Time:  9:30 am
Traditional one-way payment mechanisms, such as cash, credit cards,
and digital cash, presuppose the necessity of payment validation in
advance of the completion of a transaction.  In contrast, a "closed
loop" protocol that verifies both payment information and customer
satisfaction permits a far simpler payment engine in an open Internet
environment, and is well-suited to a broad sub-class of Internet
commerce applications.  In this talk, I will present the underlying
philosophy, design rationale, and specification overview for a
recently-developed set of open protocols for information commerce.
(Dr. Borenstein is well known for his work at Bellcore on the MIME
standard for multimedia messaging; he is also the author of the
Andrew Message System, ATOMICMAIL, Metamail, Safe-TCL, and
_Programming as if People Mattered_.)
Host:  David B Anderson Directions to MERL can be found in
        ftp://ftp.merl.com/pub/directions.map

@_date: 1994-12-01 19:25:46
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: public accounts / PGP / passphrases 
The sys admin can change the kernel running on your machine.  A special
kernel can be built so that when a particular user is typing on a tty
and the executing process is named "pgp" then all keystrokes they type
are recorded into a file for the administrator to read later on.
The local machine must be part of the trusted computing base.

@_date: 1994-12-05 10:38:38
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Oceania? 
Here's something kinda spooky.  An OSF staffer doing consulting with the
Singapore gov't was asking about how well the DCE security server scales.
They're starting a pilot program to make, from birth, every Singaporese
an entity known to their server.  Based on other questions, I gather the
DCE identity card will be used by all gov't services.

@_date: 1994-12-06 09:16:47
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: RSAREF and TIPEM 
In places where RSAREF and TIPEM overlap are the API's identical?
Is it possible to build TIPEM on top of RSAREF?
Does anyone have the API's on-line to email me?

@_date: 1994-12-07 22:03:36
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  crypto email to France 
Have your French office contact the American Consulate as a way of
getting started.
I believe the short and effective (albeit not 100% correct) answer is\
that digital privacy is not allowed unless you give the gov't the keys.

@_date: 1994-12-09 12:04:24
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  How to Destroy the Internet (was Info about Linux) 
Is /etc/utmp still world-writeable on most machines these days?
Hell, even CERT put out an advisory about this years ago.

@_date: 1994-12-12 00:06:45
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Real-time surveillance of the police 
A couple of years ago, when he was getting one of the first Rebok
international humanr rights awards, Peter Gabriel talked about how one
of the organizations he is affiliated with was planning on doing exactly
this kind of thing.  If you think about it, it's not unlike the driving
thrust of Amnesty International.

@_date: 1994-12-13 10:50:12
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: News->Mail & CMU's Andrew Message System 
At some levels DCE's distributed file system (DFS) is "AFS version 5" (sic),
but not really. The original intent was that DFS was AFS with the IPC replaed
with secure DCE RPC, but there's a whole mess of protocol changes since then.
They're different beasts.

@_date: 1994-12-16 08:12:51
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Kaufman/Eastlake DNS changes 
You should probably drop a line to Paul Vixie, vixie the
current maintainer of BIND.  Tell him I sent you...
As a side note, it's too bad that Digital seems to have lost all of
their crypto-folks.  The only one left is John Wray; at least he's

@_date: 1994-12-21 10:37:37
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: c'punks top 5 
Somebody, I forget who, had a hospitality suite at a Usenix LISA conference.
They have a commercial version of socks.  I don't remember if it was
bundled or an option.
At any rate, kinda neat that someone is providing privacy tools rather
then the other way round.

@_date: 1994-12-29 12:37:57
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: HACK ATTACK 
It's a tag line from the old TV show The Outer Limits.

@_date: 1995-01-09 12:49:04
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: intelligent discovery agents 
I suspect your original respondent doesn't get around very much.
Rummaging around the above URL gets you little more then
Tracing down the above URL points you to
You really want to get the WWW conference proceedings; try email to
wwwf94 and also
Ob-crypto:  there is a Security.html (instead of Agents) but it's
more commerce-oriented, except for the DCE Web paper.

@_date: 1995-01-19 12:47:08
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: UUNET Customer Liaison: USENET "netiquette" Reminder 
First, they were never a common carrier:  they went to some legal pains
to get registered as an enhanced service provider.  I don't know what
the differences are, but when the first "Internet Porn" article by Joe
Abernathy appeared years ago, Rick wasn't worried.  He told me ESP was
better then CC, but I don't remember why (perhaps it was no FCC regulation?)
It's unclear how this new policy affects their ESP status.

@_date: 1995-01-21 05:21:53
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Netherlands crypto ban? 
Several months ago at a security SIG meeting at OSF, a sr tech guy
from Shell gave a presentation and I went and spoke with him afterwards.
(Not being oblique, I just forget his name.)
Shell needs public key because they want to use email for legal contracts.
They've been waiting for standards to come around, but have given up.
They're currently planning on using NIST's DSS, if they can fix a few things:
    -	Add concepts of time and location (it can be important to prove
    -	Add re-signing with only minor increase in size
They don't like RSA because of the US licensing issues -- it's too hard to
prove you only have to pay for a small portion of your use, for example.
They like DSS because it explicitly does not support privacy, which is
problematic in France, especially.
He's reluctantly inventing this setup because the vendors haven't given him
a world-wide public key story yet.  (DCE 1.2 has/had some plans, and he wanted
to push our licensees to support it, at least.)
Interestingly, things have inverted and the EC (sorry, EU) is looking
for Shell to set a standard.  Several other large companies (Philips,
etc) are also going to follow whatever Shell does.  He thinks it'll be
de-facto standard in 18-24 months.

@_date: 1995-01-30 06:24:29
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity by mechanism ? 
The IETF "common authentication technology" working group (the folks
behind GSSAPI and, now, basically, all application-level security
protocols on the Internet) are looking at providing first-class support
for anonymity.  Here's a reent message.
cat-ietf-request to join.

@_date: 1995-02-09 11:11:25
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: PEM 
That's it.
PEM "blew it" by relying on Internet-wide X.500/X.509 deployments.
They're now looking at self-signed certificates as a transition aide
to work around the adoption problems, particular in face of the pressure
brought by the success of PGP.

@_date: 1995-02-10 21:21:24
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: MIME based remailing commands 
... And all CC recipient and all BCC recipients as well.

@_date: 1995-02-10 21:38:27
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein 
djb wrote a few crypto thinks, including a cute modification
of the snefru hash that turned it into a crypto scheme called shuffle.
my guess is that he put it out on the net for ftp...  but i guess
we'll all find out when the articles gets published.
djb would make a fun addition to this list.

@_date: 1995-07-14 07:51:03
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: HR361 
Has anyone previously noted that HR361, the omnibus export
  administration act, would require the administration to assess the
  impact of the current crypto export controls on the software industry?
I don't recall seeing mention of it, but this has been planned for
awhile.  There were a couple of crypto surveys, one by private industry
(software publisher's association) and one by TIS for the gov't.  I think.
Both were mentioned in this list.

@_date: 1995-07-14 08:19:00
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: LD tentacle? 
He is a long-long-time Unix hacker.  Designed the first file-locking
stuff (flock?) and gave it away to the Unix community.  Last I heard
was working on high-performance filesystems.

@_date: 1995-07-19 06:57:47
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:       RE: Stego-Rants ? 
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.

@_date: 1995-07-19 07:23:36
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Commercenet document on cryptography 
Thanks to Steven for mentioning this -- it's a great paper.  Send it to
your gov't representatives.

@_date: 1995-07-20 07:15:54
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win 
When I first saw him speak at the Danvers IETF I thought "gee, does this
bozo know he shares the same last name as a real bright guy"?  I think it
was Perry, for example, that pointed out that using one RC4 stream for
each comm half was more-or-less obvious and standard practice.
At last month's World Wide Web Consortium working group meeting on security,
everyone trashed SSL.  Everyone trashed the W3C for not just picking SHTTP
but instead trying to invent something new that "borrowed from" SHTTP.
Tahir was silent on the former, but didn't disagree on the latter.  During
a break, in the hallway he mentioned how he's gonna have to do some
politicking back at the office, and that he's glad someone reasonable like
him came, and not other folks he could name.
I thought they announced their intent to support java.

@_date: 1995-07-20 08:17:22
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win 
No.  They were saying "look, we use two keys."  And Perry went "duh."

@_date: 1995-07-20 12:50:10
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunk "Zen" victories 
The Boston Globe has a weekly "magazine review" column.  In yesterday's
column they wrote about the Rimm piece, Time's followup, how the Internet
got the story right, and fast, and how HotWired has a really good page
on it.  The column then reviewed the current Wired and said the magazine
is now behind the times.  In particular, contrasting it to the second(?)
issue, "when they covered the Cypherpunks (sic) and their privacy agenda."

@_date: 1995-07-21 07:13:46
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win 
I have serious concerns about whether the DNS stuff will really scale.
It's gonna blow out DNS server memory use, and the bigger packets means
a *lot* more TCP (vs UDP) activity.

@_date: 1995-07-21 21:16:47
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: big word listing 
Berkely-derived unices have a "ps" that can print the environment.

@_date: 1995-07-22 13:53:13
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Three strikes you're out!  for politicians... yeah we wish! 
Better yet do it the way Comedy Central wanted to:

@_date: 1995-07-28 08:05:55
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel 
Well, not quite.  The "Open Mall" is part of OSF's new advanced technology
offerings.  Free source for non-commercial use, fetchable from the Open
Mall, a Web server.  You'll be able to find the mall (in a week or two)
from OSF's home page, The Java ATO includes ports to SVR4 (dunno whose) and HP, and more
importantly, a study of the security aspects and implications of Java:
is it truly a "safe" language to write in?  And what does safe mean, and for
whom (server, client, user, hardware, etc)?  The study will be a paper, also
avail from the mall.
See  for mroe details.

@_date: 1995-07-29 15:46:28
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Set phone permit "wire" taps 
Prove it.  Please post one date and location of incarceration as well
as an identifying number.

@_date: 1995-07-31 20:58:16
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Set phone permit "wire" taps 
Sorry to keep cluttering up the list.  I'll try to make this my last
message in this thread.
You did not answer my request.  Of course you're under no obligation
to do so, but a claim like the following:
Is just too hard to accept without verification.  Please tell me, if not
the whole list, where and when you've been incarcerated -- preferably at
the federal level -- so that I can, say, call the warden and verify.
Sure, what? If you have more questions after looking at my homepage
 let me know.  Or for more fun, here's my
SSN: 314-15-9265.
I don't see how these two parts relate, but I've never done anything cool
like you might be thinking of.  In my professional life I'm primarily a
programmer who's written lots of code, and been able to give away some of
I just think you're a fake.
Kisses to you too, but I'm still waiting for an answer.

@_date: 1995-08-03 20:43:05
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel 
Safe-TCL comes from a different starting place.  For example, the original
intent was to actually remove all the dangerous operations such as
file manipulation.  As Perry's explained, this is different, and better,
then just having the run-time "guarantee" that all file I/O is in a
"Safe" place.
Claimer:  I invented safe-tcl, started by creating a mailing list with
Ousterhout and Borenstein.  Disclaimer:  I walked away in disgust with
the announcement of "enabled mail" so they may have broken things.

@_date: 1995-08-04 14:14:33
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Java and Safe-TCL security (was Re: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel) 
I have been told by folks at Sun that they are planning on doing it at
compile-time as well as at run-time.  One of the concerns I conveyed
was that I want to make it easy to "pull out" the safe code and give
it a security audit.

@_date: 1995-08-04 14:17:27
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Java and Safe-TCL security 
No, it's just that the people who took it over^H^H^H^Hand ran with it
were most interested in email.  My initial motivation was that I wanted
to write a new news server that clients could download programs to.

@_date: 1995-08-04 20:09:16
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Java and Safe-TCL security (was Re: Java, Netscape, OpenDoc, and Babel) 
Sorry for not being clear:  when I talked about compile-time safety, I
was referring to safe-tcl.

@_date: 1995-08-07 21:03:16
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Triple-DES controlled? 
Didn't the ANSI financial committee just adopt 3DES (over NSA
objections)?  Presumably they consider the export situation solved/solvable.

@_date: 1995-08-12 22:35:24
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: IETF working to define a public key infrastructure 
Help define the internet's web of trust model ...
        e-payment www-security
        ietf-payments pki-twg
Over the past couple of weeks, a group of interested individuals has been putting together a proposal for a new IETF Working Group to develop Internet standards for an X.509-based public-key infrastructure.  The result is the draft WG Charter attached below.  Since plans were announced last year to form this WG (and to shut down the PEM WG) it is considered reasonable to start up the new WG without the usual preliminary BOF at the next IETF.  Steve Kent and I have offered our services to co-chair this group, and Chandra Shrivastava has offered to run a mailing list.
The following mailing list has now been established for discussion of this proposal:  ietf-pkix  To subscribe to the mailing list, send a messsage to listserv with the following in the body:
         subscribe  ietf-pkix
Warwick Ford
Applications Area Director(s)
Area Advisor:
Mailing lists:
        General Discussion:
        To Subscribe:
        In Body:
        Archive:
Description of Working Group:
Many Internet protocols and applications which use the Internet employ public-key technology for security purposes and require a public-key infrastructure (PKI) to securely deliver public keys to widely-distributed users or systems.  The X.509 standard constitutes a widely-accepted basis for such an infrastructure, defining data formats and procedures related to distribution of public keys via certificates digitally signed by certification authorities (CAs).  RFC 1422 specified the basis of an X.509-based PKI, targeted primarily at satisfying the needs of Internet Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM).  Since RFC 1422 was issued, application requirements for an Internet PKI have broadened tremendously, and the capabilities of X.509 have advanced with the development of standards defining the X.509 version 3 certificate and version 2 certificate revocation list (CRL).
The task of the Working Group will be to develop Internet standards needed to support an X.509-based PKI.  The goal of this PKI will be to facilitate the use of X.509 certificates in multiple applications which make use of the Internet and to promote interoperability between different implementations choosing to make use of X.509 certificates.  The resulting PKI is intended to provide a framework which will support a range of trust/hierarchy environments and a range of usage environments (RFC1422 is an example of one such model).
Candidate applications to be served by this PKI include, but are not limited to, PEM, MOSS, GSS-API mechanisms (e.g., SPKM), ipsec protocols, Internet payment protocols, and www protocols.  This project will not preclude use of non-infrastructural public-key distribution techniques nor of non-X.509 PKIs by such applications.  Efforts will be made to coordinate with the IETF White Pages (X.500/WHOIS++) project.
The group will focus on tailoring and profiling the features available in
the v3 X.509 certificate to best match the requirements and characteristics
of the Internet environment.
Other topics to be addressed potentially include:
- Alternatives for CA-to-CA certification links and structures, including
  guidelines for constraints
- Revocation alternatives, including profiling of X.509 v2 CRL extensions
- Certificate and CRL distribution options (X.500-based, non-X.500-based)
- Guidelines for policy definition and registration
- Administrative protocols and procedures, including certificate generation,
  revocation notification, cross-certification, and key-pair updating
- Naming and name forms (how entities are identified, e.g., email address,
  URN, DN, misc.)
Goals and Milestones:
Sep, 95   Agreement on draft Working Group charter
Nov, 95   Completion of initial strawman PKI specification
Dec, 95   First Working Group meeting (Dallas IETF) Jul, 96   Submit PKI (X.509) specification for
          consideration as Proposed standard.

@_date: 1995-08-17 20:48:23
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Export policy change 
Just heard on the 11:30pm NPR news update.  The Clinton Administration
has changed the crypto export policy.  You will now be allowed to
export strong crypto, provided it is a key escrow system.  The
reporter (Dan Charles?) said something like anyone can hold the keys,
as long as they will be made avail when presented with a court order.
He also said, US citizens will still be able to use strong crypto
without key escrow internally.  Terrorists and drug pushers were given
as "reasons."

@_date: 1995-08-18 10:39:56
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Netscape security 
I'm fairly sure that I remember Taher saying at the W3C security
meeting that they intend to do this, and that hardcoding the CA's
into the library was as quick hack.  I also have the impression
that they don't know how to do it, but my recollection is fuzzier there.

@_date: 1995-08-19 11:08:02
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Load-sharing for Key Cracking 
Someone should look at Condor, ftp.cs.uwisc.edu.
It's designed to share spare cycles.

@_date: 1995-08-19 11:18:36
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Certificates/Anonymity/Policy/True Names 
I think there are many people who might be willing to use an
"anon CA" should it exist:

@_date: 1995-08-22 09:39:04
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: True Names and Webs of Trust 
Just because you haven't been able to easily do it yet, nor found it useful,
is no reason not to let new technology provide this service to you.

@_date: 1995-08-30 20:33:58
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Is the book Network Security any good? 
What was the alternative suggestion? Many KRB5 folks, including Ted T'so,
have said that using ASN.1 is the biggest mistake in the KRB5 protocol.
Hunh?  The points of ASN.1 and BER (DER? -- a little mavros joke :) *are* irrelevent to Kerberos.  Wasted bytes in your security protocol
should most definitely be a concern.
Charlie and Radia are hot-shits; I don't know the other guy.

@_date: 1995-09-01 04:09:58
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: sums with BIG numbers 
All of Volume 4 or the first couple-hundred pages as a fascile?
Or have those plans change?

@_date: 1995-09-01 20:02:30
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: IETF security report 
Received: from TIS.COM (neptune.tis.com [192.94.214.96]) by postman.osf.org (8.6.9/8.6.x) with SMTP
Received: from neptune.tis.com by neptune.TIS.COM id aa06599; 1 Sep 95 16:20 EDT
Received: from relay.tis.com by neptune.TIS.COM id aa06595; 1 Sep 95 16:18 EDT
Received: from big-screw.mit.edu(18.72.0.176) by relay.tis.com via smap (g3.0.1)
Received: by big-screw Sender: jis
Status: R
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
                       IETF Security Area Report
                      Jeff Schiller and Jim Galvin
                              jis
                             galvin
                            July 17-21, 1995
The Security  Area  within the  IETF is responsible  for  development of
security oriented protocols,  security  review of RFCs,  development  of
candidate policies, and review of operational security on the Internet.
The Area Director is assisted by a Directorate,  an advisory entity with
no standards-setting powers.   The  members of the Security  Directorate
are as follows.
        Jeffrey I. Schiller         Ran Atkinson         Steve Bellovin         Steve Crocker         Barbara Fraser         James M. Galvin         Phil Karn         Steve Kent         John Linn         Clifford Neuman         Rob Shirey         Ted Ts'o In addition to  the  Directorate the  Security  Area is assisted by  the
Security  Area  Advisory Group (SAAG).  The  SAAG  is an open group that
meets at  least once during each IETF  meeting as well as electronically
via the   saag mailing list.    Send  a message  to  the address
saag-request to join the list.
During the  Security Area Advisory Group  (SAAG) meeting, the activities
of the Security  Area,   including  the Directorate, are    reported and
discussed.  In addition, the   SAAG meeting provides an  opportunity for
open discussion of security issues.
Included below is a  summary from those working  groups  and birds of  a
feather  sessions  with security relevant activities  to  report and the
Security Directorate meeting summary.  In addition, the following topics
were discussed during the SAAG meeting.
o Documents Approved as Proposed Standards
  The  IESG approved the  advancement of five  of the IPSEC documents to
  proposed standards.  With the advancement of these documents the IPSEC
  working group will focus on issues related to key management.
  The  IESG approved   the  advancement of  the  two  MOSS  documents to
  proposed standards.  With the  advancement of these documents  the PEM
  working group has completed its charter and will be closed.
o Domain Name System Security
  The last revision of the enhancements for the  DNS to support security
  has been  released.  It will enter  working group last call very soon;
  no issues are expected to be raised.  At  the end of the working group
  last call the document will be submitted to  the IESG to be considered
  for publication  as a Proposed  Standard.   An implementation  of  the
  specification is available to U.S.  and Canadian sites and individuals
  via anonymous      FTP (see   ftp://ftp.tis.com/pub/DNSSEC/README  for
  details).
o Key Management
  It was noted that the Internet needs two kinds  of key management: one
  for short-term keys and one for long-term keys.  The expected usage of
  short-term keys would be  on a  per connection  or per message  basis.
  Long-term keys, on the other hand, would probably be used to exchanged
  short-term keys.
  The  distribution and management    of  long-term keys   requires  the
  existence of a  global infrastructure.  There are  two options for the
  global infrastructure today: Secure DNS or  The Directory (X.500).  It
  is  also possible that something   completely different will be needed
  and developed.
  Key management is expected to get increasing attention in the IETF.
o Internet Security Architecture
  Steve Crocker  gave an abbreviated version of  his presentation to the
  IAB the previous  evening.  He posed  a challenge to the community  to
  improve the network security at  IETF meetings.  The specific proposal
  is  to have IPSEC available with  manual keying, which would be enough
  to make a difference when compared to the current configuration.  This
  should be  available for use in   the IETF terminal  room  by both the
  terminals/workstations and laptops.  In addition,  we should install a
  demonstration firewall that is IPSEC friendly.  The goal is to make it
  available at the next IETF meeting in Dallas (December 4-8, 1995).
The  activity  of the following working  groups  and  birds of a feather
sessions was reported.
o Secure Socket Layer (SSL) BOF
  A consensus   developed  for the   need for  a session layer  security
  protocol.  This was predicated on   observing that IPSEC is below  the
  transport  layer and  the   session  layer is    above  it,  and  that
  implementing security in the transport or  network layer would require
  changes to  operating systems.   In  contrast, session  layer security
  could be  implemented and added   non-invasively to existing  systems,
  thus making  security   services  available to     a broad range    of
  application protocols.
  As a result, a working  group called Session   Layer Security will  be
  proposed.  The Secure  Socket Layer  specification  will serve as  the
  starting point for the new working group.
o Internet Secure Payments Protocol (ISPP) BOF
  This  BOF    met  two times with     more   than a   dozen  technology
  presentations.  Fortunately, the  various technologies  are much  more
  similar than they are different.
  The consensus was that the IETF should have one or more working groups
  in this  area.   Charters will be  proposed and  submitted to the area
  director for consideration.
o Simple Key Management for IP (SKIP) BOF
  SKIP is  Sun's proposal for  key management on  the Internet.  It is a
  competitor to the   Photouris specification being discussed  in IPSEC.
  It is  still  undecided as  to  whether  this specification should  be
  discussed as part of the IPSEC working group or within its own working
  group.
  Although there appeared to be consensus to move the SKIP specification
  onto the standards track, the authors will need to discuss the process
  and relationship to IPSEC with the area director and the Chairs of the
  IPSEC working group before this can be done.
  [Note: Since  the  IETF  meeting took  place  discussions  between the
   various parties are proceeding.  The  likely outcome will be for  the
   SKIP work to take place within the IPSEC working group.]
o Authenticated Firewall Traversal (AFT)
  There  are     currently    four    implementations   underway    with
  interoperability testing expected to begin shortly.  If the testing is
  successful three  documents   will be submitted   to  the IESG to   be
  considered for publication as Proposed  Standards before the next IETF
  meeting in Dallas.
o Common Authentication Technology (CAT)
  The CAT  working group discussed  topics related to  active documents,
  including GSS-V2 (to receive another set  of specific revisions at the
  Internet-Draft  level, and then  to be  recommended for advancement to
  Proposed Standards),  IDUP (where revised interface specifications and
  a   new    mechanism specification   were   discussed,  with standards
  advancement to be considered at the  Dallas IETF), GSS-API Negotiation
  (new  draft discussed), Kerberos mechanism  and extensions (status and
  comments  discussed,  new  drafts  to follow),  FTP   Security (to  be
  recommended  for advancement to Proposed   Standard after inclusion of
  clarifying revisions), and a presentation of a  new mechanism based on
  FIPS PUB JJJ cryptography.  Presentations on work in progress included
  GSS-API integration into World-Wide Web browsers and servers, loadable
  GSS-API multi-mechanism support, and discussion of the use of RFC-1731
  as   a   generic framework for   integration  of  security tokens into
  text-based  applications.    The  group  also  discussed   a range  of
  candidate  follow-on  topic   areas related  to   authorization,   and
  identified a  subset  with apparent common  value and  feasibility for
  proposals and work by group members.
o Web Transaction Security (WTS)
  There were three short presentations on related  subjects and a review
  of  the two  documents  being developed by  the  working  group.  With
  respect to  the requirements  specification,  several new  issues were
  raised at this  meeting and most, but  not all, were  resolved.  There
  was consensus to  resolve the remaining  issues  on the  list and then
  submit the document to the IESG to be considered for publication as an
  information RFC.
  Recent changes  to the SHTTP document were  reviewed and no objections
  were  raised.  An outstanding issue   is coordinating SHTTP with MOSS,
  which is dependent  on the harder  (and outside our scope) problem  of
  coordinating HTTP with  MIME.  We  remain hopeful  that we will  reach
  consensus on a document to propose to  advance to Proposed Standard by
  the next IETF meeting Dallas.
o IP Security (IPSEC)
  The   interoperability  testing  of   the  recently  approved Proposed
  Standards  was discussed.  The majority  of the meeting was devoted to
  discussing Internet key management  and  the two working documents  on
  Photouris and ISAKMP.
o Site Security Handbook (SSH)
  Two documents are   expected to  be available  by  the  first week  of
  November,  which will allow for  final revisions to be proposed during
  the  next IETF meeting in Dallas  followed  by advancing the documents
  onto the standards track as quickly as possible.
The Security Area   Directorate met on Monday   afternoon for a 2   hour
meeting.  In addition to all of the above, the following was noted.
o Intellectual Property Rights (IPR)
  The    purpose of the discussion was    information exchange.  Several
  protocols are pending in the IESG as a result of unresolved IPR issues
  and several protocols from the security area are about to be submitted
  to the IESG with unresolved IPR  issues.  It is uncertain exactly what
  the outcome will be of any specific case.
o Key-ed MD5
  Key-ed MD5 is being used in a variety of protocols for authentication.
  The IETF needs an applicability statement which includes advice on how
  often to change the secrets.

@_date: 1995-09-04 06:08:36
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Wearing RSA shirt to school 
Yes, please.
The head of Sun's network security group is a foreign national.  They're
doing DES and public key work. :)

@_date: 1995-09-07 21:38:16
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Usenix symposium on crypto applications 
Newsgroups: comp.org.usenix,comp.org.uniforum,comp.org.sug,comp.unix.admin,comp.unix.large,comp.org.decus,comp.security.unix
Path: paperboy.osf.org!bone.think.com!blanket.mitre.org!agate!spool.mu.edu!howland.reston.ans.net!tank.news.pipex.net!pipex!in2.uu.net!usenix!toni
Reply-To: toni (Toni Veglia)
Organization: USENIX Association, Berkeley, CA
Lines: 218
Xref: paperboy.osf.org comp.org.usenix:3623 comp.org.uniforum:20 comp.org.sug:940 comp.unix.admin:33851 comp.unix.large:1699 comp.org.decus:6147 comp.security.unix:19702
      Announcement and Preliminary Call for Papers
Sponsored by the USENIX Association, the UNIX and
Advanced Computing Systems Professional and
Technical Association
Co-sponsored by UniForum (pending)
In cooperation with: The Computer Emergency
Response Team (CERT), and IFIP WG 11.4
Important Dates
Dates for Refereed Paper Submissions Extended abstracts due:                 Mar 19, 1996 Program Committee decisions made:       Apr 15, 1996
Camera-ready final papers due:          June 10, 1996
Registration Materials Available:  End April 1996
Program Committee
Program Chair:  Greg Rose, Sterling Software.
Fred Avolio, Trusted Information Systems, Inc.
Steve Bellovin, AT&T Bell Laboratories
Brent Chapman, Great Circle Associates
Diane Coe, Mitre
Ed DeHart, CERT
Dan Geer, Open Market Inc.
Peter Gutmann, University of Auckland
Kent Landfield, Sterling Software
Clifford Neuman, Information Sciences Institute
Avi Rubin, Bellcore
Eugene Spafford, COAST Laboratory, Purdue University
Ken van Wyk, Defense Information Systems Agency
Karen Worstell, The Boeing Company
Readers: Matt Bishop, U.C. Davis; Phil Karn, Qualcomm
The goal of this symposium is to bring together
security and cryptography practitioners,
researchers, system administrators, systems
programmers, and others with an interest in
applying cryptography, network and computer
security, and especially the area where these
overlap. The focus on applications of
cryptography is intended to attract papers in the
fields of electronic commerce and information
processing, as well as security. Please note that
papers about new cryptographic algorithms are not
solicited; however new applications are.
This will be a four day single track symposium
with tutorials, refereed and technical
presentations, and panel discussions.  Tutorials
will take place the first two days followed by
two days of technical sessions.
July 22-23
Tutorials for both technical staff and managers
will provide immediately useful, practical
information on topics such as local and network
security precautions, what cryptography can and
cannot do, security mechanisms and policies,
firewalls and monitoring systems.
Technical Sessions
July 24-25
In addition to the keynote presentation, the
technical program includes refereed papers and
invited talks. There may be panel sessions.
There will be Birds-of-a-Feather sessions and
Works-in- Progress Reports on two evenings. You
are invited to make suggestions to the program
committee via email .
Papers that have been formally reviewed and
accepted will be presented during the symposium
and published in the symposium proceedings.
Proceedings of the symposium will be published by
USENIX and will be provided free to technical
session attendees; additional copies will be
available for purchase from USENIX.
Symposium Topics Presentations are being solicited in areas
including but not limited to:         *Case studies
        *Computer misuse and anomaly detection
        *File and File system security
        *Network security         *Security and system management         *Security in heterogeneous environments
        *Security incident investigation and response
        *Security tools         *User/system authentication
Note that this symposium is not about new codes
or ciphers, or cryptanalysis for its own sake.
How to Submit a Refereed Paper
Submissions must be received by Mar 19, 1996.
Authors are encouraged to submit an extended
abstract which discusses key ideas and
demonstrates the structure of the finished
paper.  Extended abstracts should be 3-5 pages
long (about 1500-2500 words), not counting
references and figures.  The body of the extended
abstract should be in complete paragraphs.  The
object of an extended abstract is to convince the
reviewers that a good paper and presentation will
result.  Full papers can be submitted if they are
complete in advance of the date.  Full papers
should be 8 to 15 typeset pages.
Authors will be notified of acceptance on April
15, 1996.
All submissions will be judged on originality,
relevance, and correctness.  Each accepted
submission will be assigned a member of the
program committee to act as its shepherd through
the preparation of the final paper.  The assigned
member will act as a conduit for feedback from
the committee to the authors.  Camera-ready final
papers are due June 10, 1996.
Please accompany each submission by a cover
letter stating the paper title and authors along
with the name of the person who will act as the
contact to the program committee.  Please include
a surface mail address, daytime and evening phone
number, and, if available, an email address and
fax number for the contact person.
If you would like to receive detailed guidelines
for submission and examples of extended
abstracts, you may send email to:
or telephone the USENIX Association office at
+1 510 528 8649.
The UNIX Security Symposium, like most
conferences and journals, requires that papers
not be submitted simultaneously to another
conference or publication and that submitted
papers not be previously or subsequently
published elsewhere.  Papers accompanied by
"non-disclosure  agreement" forms are not
acceptable and will be returned to the author(s)
unread.  All submissions are held in the highest
confidentiality prior to publication in the
Proceedings, both as a matter of policy and in
accord with the U.S. Copyright Act of 1976.
Where To Submit
Please send one copy of an extended abstract or a
full paper to the program committee via each of
two, for reliability, of the following methods.
All submissions will be acknowledged.
  o Preferred Method: email (Postscript or ASCII) to:
        securitypapers
  o Alternate Method: postal delivery to
       Security Symposium
       USENIX
       2560 Ninth St., Ste.        Berkeley CA 94710
       U.S.A.
       Phone: +1 510 528 8649
  o Fax: +1 510 548 5738
Registration Materials
Materials containing all details of the technical and tutorial
programs, registration fees and forms, and hotel information
will be available at the end of April 1996.  If you wish to
receive the registration materials, please contact USENIX at:
             USENIX Conference Office
             22672 Lambert Street, Suite 613
             Lake Forest, CA USA   92630
             +1 714 588 8649; Fax: +1 714 588 9706
             email: conference
Information can also be found under the USENIX Association
WWW page URL:

@_date: 1995-09-08 08:25:37
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Darren Reed: Re: NSA and the Internet. 
I stopped reading com-priv a year+ ago.  One of the "gadflies"
back then (name escapes me -- one of the journalists, I think, but
not Gordon Cook) said that at least the NJ NAP was moved at the last
minute.  He had proof of that.  I don't remember that he had proof that
it was moved at NSA request, although that was his claim.

@_date: 1995-09-10 16:04:04
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: not a flame please read and think about this 
This works.  IBM used to have publish a monthly journal (I forget the
name, it came out of one of their Yorktown labs) that did exactly this
kind of thing for exactly this kind of reason.  ACtually, they wrote
about stuff that they thought was 5-10 years away.
Mr/Ms. Anonymous is lying.  His/her name appears nowhere in the credits,
and his/her code appears nowhere in any PGP release.  Don't waste any
neurons on it.

@_date: 1995-09-12 19:56:29
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Whitehouse "dissident" web site monitoring? 
What abuse?  Is there an expectation of privacy in Web-world,
such that all users can honestly expect that a site is compelled
to keep its "visitor log" private?
Surely not.

@_date: 1995-09-13 08:01:54
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Recent articles 
Jon Bentley's column in this month's Unix Review talks about protecting
data.  As with all this columns, it's short but manages to touch on a
large number of issues; in this case, using page faults to guess passwords,
threat models, and so on.
Upside, "The Business Magazine for the Technology Elite" (
has an interview with Jim Clark that took place two weeks before the IPO.
He discusses in a couple of places how using crypto over the Internet is
critical for businesses that can't afford private nets, and how this is
an important part of their business plan.
(Prof Froomkin:  Upside also has an article on "ITEF infighting" you might
want to read.)

@_date: 1995-09-13 16:36:28
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: MOSS [IETF privacy-enhanced mail, modified for MIME] now available 
Reply-To: James M Galvin Content-Id: <2977.811023088.1
------- =_aaaaaaaaaa0
Content-ID: <2977.811023088.2
Trusted Information Systems, Inc. (TIS), in cooperation with RSA Data
Security, Inc. (RSADSI), is pleased to provide TIS/MOSS, a reference
implementation of MIME Object Security Services (MOSS).  TIS/MOSS is a
security toolkit that provides digital signature and encryption services
for MIME objects.  TIS/MOSS includes the "glue" necessary for
integration with Version 6.8.3 of the Rand MH Message Handling System,
in addition to generic Bourne shell scripts that make it possible to use
it with email user agents supporting UNIX shell escapes.
In order to foster acceptance of MOSS and provide the community with a
usable, working version of this technology, TIS/MOSS is being made
available for broad use on the following basis.
TIS/MOSS is distributed in source code form, with all modules written in
the C programming language.  It runs on many UNIX derived platforms.  It
includes a DOS compilation directive that facilitates its port to
TIS/MOSS requires RSAREF, a cryptographic toolkit distributed by RSADSI.
TIS/MOSS makes use of undocumented features of RSAREF.  RSADSI has given
permission for users of TIS/MOSS to use these features, subject to the
terms and conditions of both the TIS/MOSS and RSAREF licenses, as
distributed with each software package.
TIS/MOSS is a product of Trusted Information Systems, Inc.  It may be
used by organizations and users for exchanging MOSS email messages,
subject to the terms and conditions of its license.  Enclosed below is
the MOSS Frequently Asked Questions, which includes instructions on how
to retrieve the software.
TIS/MOSS is export controlled by the U.S. Government.  As a result it is
only available to U.S. and Canadian sites and individuals.  Please see
the FAQ for more information.
------- =_aaaaaaaaaa0
Content-ID: <2977.811023088.3
Content-Description: TIS/MOSS FAQ
Questions answered:
   1) What is MIME Object Security Services (MOSS)?
   2) What is MIME?
   3) How does MOSS compare to PGP and PEM?
   4) Where is the MOSS standard defined?
   5) Are there implementations of MOSS available?
   6) How do I get TIS/MOSS?
   7) Why is TIS/MOSS only available in the US and Canada?
   8) Are special privileges (e.g., root access) required to install
      TIS/MOSS?
   9) What about integrating TIS/MOSS into email user agents?
  10) What about DOS and other non-UNIX platforms?
  11) Is there a forum for MOSS users and developers?
  12) What about certificates?
  13) What is the Internet Certification hierarchy?
  14) What if I have questions or problems with TIS/MOSS?
 * means that this entry has been recently updated.
 + means that this entry has been added recently.
Q: What is MIME Object Security Services (MOSS)?
A: MOSS is a Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) derivative that is a Proposed
   Internet Standard for adding security services to Multi-purpose
   Internet Mail Extensions (MIME).  It uses the cryptographic
   techniques of digital signature and encryption to provide origin
   authentication, integrity, and confidentiality to MIME objects.
   Users of MOSS can know who originated a message, that the message
   has not been changed enroute, and that the message was kept secret
   from everyone except the intended recipients.
   MOSS depends on the existence of public/private key pairs to support
   its security services.  Users must exchange public keys with those
   other users with whom they wish to exchange MOSS email.  This may be
   accomplished manually, via mechanisms available in the protocol, via
   X.509 certificates, or any other suitable mechanism.
Q: What is MIME?
A: MIME is an Internet Standard (RFC 1521) that defines the format of
   email message bodies to allow multi-part textual and non-textual
   message bodies to be represented and exchanged without loss of
   information.  MIME does for message bodies what RFC822 does for
   message headers.
Q: How does MOSS compare to PGP and PEM?
   PGP can provide the same services but since it is not integrated with
   MIME the interpretation of the protected content is necessarily user
   controlled.  Note, however, that MIME can carry a PGP object.
   MOSS is a PEM derivative.  It integrates the security services of PEM
   with MIME, taking advantage of the extensive structuring and
   formatting facilities of MIME, limited versions of which are
   necessarily an integral part of the PEM specifications.
Q: Where is the MOSS standard defined?
A: There is a Proposed Standard published as an RFC that specifies MOSS.
   This document may be found in your favorite RFC repository.
   Details on obtaining RFCs via FTP or EMAIL may be obtained by sending
   an EMAIL message to "rfc-info with the message body "help:
   ways_to_get_rfcs".  For example:
        To: rfc-info
        Subject: getting rfcs
        help: ways_to_get_rfcs
Q: Are there implementations of MOSS available?
A: Yes, Trusted Information Systems (TIS), under ARPA sponsorship, has
   released a reference implementation of MOSS (TIS/MOSS) to the
   Internet community.
   TIS/MOSS is a UNIX-based implementation that is easily integrated
   with email user agents.  The source code is openly available in the
   United States and Canada for non-commercial use.  The current version
   of TIS/MOSS is 7.1.
   Vendors interested in including TIS/MOSS in their products or
   integrating it with their services should contact Trusted Information
   Systems about licensing Trusted Mail (tm) by sending email to
   tismoss-support
Q: How do I get TIS/MOSS?
A: TIS/MOSS is available via anonymous ftp in the United States and
   Canada to US and Canadian citizens and people with a US "green
   card."  To retrieve TIS/MOSS please FTP to
     host:   ftp.tis.com
     login:  anonymous
   and retrieve the files
     pub/MOSS/README
     pub/MOSS/LICENSE
     pub/MOSS/BUGS
   The README file contains further instructions.  Q: Why is TIS/MOSS only available in the US and Canada?
A: The export from the United States of the cryptography used in
   TIS/MOSS is controlled by the United States government.
Q: Are special privileges (e.g., root access) required to install TIS/MOSS?
A: No.
Q: What about integrating TIS/MOSS into email user agents?
A: TIS/MOSS includes "glue", in the form of shell scripts, to integrate
   it with the Rand MH Message Handling System version 6.8.3.  It also
   includes generic scripts that make the services accessible to any
   UNIX application that supports shell escapes.  If you integrate
   TIS/MOSS with a popular email user agent, we would be happy to make
   it available to others.
Q: What about DOS and other non-UNIX platforms?
A: TIS/MOSS has been ported to DOS and includes a DOS compiler option
   that may be set to facilitate its installation in DOS environments.
   It has also been ported to Macintosh although it does not yet include
   a MAC compiler option.  If you port TIS/MOSS to other platforms, we
   would be happy to make the changes available to others.
Q: Is there a forum for MOSS users and developers?
A: Yes, there is an email list for users of TIS/MOSS called
   "tismoss-users  To get added to the list send a message to
   "tismoss-users-request
   There is an email list for implementors and discussions of the MOSS
   specifications called "pem-dev  This list originated with
   the PEM protocol, from which MOSS is derived.  To get added to the
   list send a message to "pem-dev-request
Q: What about certificates?
A: TIS/MOSS supports the use of X.509 certificates including creation,
   validation, certificate revocation lists, distribution, and
   destruction.  Users may embody their public key in a certificate and
   may participate in the Internet certification hierarchy or some other
   private hierarchy.  TIS/MOSS neither requires nor enforces any
   certification hierarchy policy.
Q: What is the Internet Certification hierarchy?
A: The Internet Certification hierarchy is defined by RFC1422.  It is a
   tree structured hierarchy of certificates with a single, global root
   called the Internet PCA Registration Authority (IPRA).  The IPRA
   issues certificates to Policy Certification Authorities (PCAs) who
   issue certificates to Certification Authorities (CAs) who may issue
   certificates to users or subordinate CAs.  Identities are based on
   distinguished names and there are restrictions on their form and
   content.
   For more information on becoming a PCA see the IPRA WWW page at:
   or contact the IPRA at:
   For more information on becoming a CA under the TIS PCA contact:
Q: What if I have questions about or problems with TIS/MOSS?
A: Send them to "tismoss-support
------- =_aaaaaaaaaa0
------- =_aaaaaaaaaa1
Content-ID: <2977.811023088.5
Trusted Information Systems, Inc. (TIS), in cooperation with RSA Data
Security, Inc. (RSADSI), is pleased to provide TIS/MOSS, a reference
implementation of MIME Object Security Services (MOSS).  TIS/MOSS is a
security toolkit that provides digital signature and encryption services
for MIME objects.  TIS/MOSS includes the "glue" necessary for
integration with Version 6.8.3 of the Rand MH Message Handling System,
in addition to generic Bourne shell scripts that make it possible to use
it with email user agents supporting UNIX shell escapes.
In order to foster acceptance of MOSS and provide the community with a
usable, working version of this technology, TIS/MOSS is being made
available for broad use on the following basis.
TIS/MOSS is distributed in source code form, with all modules written in
the C programming language.  It runs on many UNIX derived platforms.  It
includes a DOS compilation directive that facilitates its port to
TIS/MOSS requires RSAREF, a cryptographic toolkit distributed by RSADSI.
TIS/MOSS makes use of undocumented features of RSAREF.  RSADSI has given
permission for users of TIS/MOSS to use these features, subject to the
terms and conditions of both the TIS/MOSS and RSAREF licenses, as
distributed with each software package.
TIS/MOSS is a product of Trusted Information Systems, Inc.  It may be
used by organizations and users for exchanging MOSS email messages,
subject to the terms and conditions of its license.  Enclosed below is
the MOSS Frequently Asked Questions, which includes instructions on how
to retrieve the software.
TIS/MOSS is export controlled by the U.S. Government.  As a result it is
only available to U.S. and Canadian sites and individuals.  Please see
the FAQ for more information.
------- =_aaaaaaaaaa1
Content-ID: <2977.811023088.4

@_date: 1995-09-14 16:26:27
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: NSA on GAK 
This is more like an aphorism than a true statement.

@_date: 1995-09-14 19:02:46
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Celco Sting 
I heard the special agent in charge being interviewed on NPR this
morning.  He was very careful to distinguish between "classic hackers"
who just poke around for their own edification, and those who are
using networks to actively commit crimes.  My paraphrase, but it
was definitely a praiseworthy viewpoint.

@_date: 1995-09-14 19:07:17
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Linking = Showing = Transferring? 
Then we would be fools.  No more so than buying a book means you
have instant access to all resources mentioned as footnotes or in
the bibliography.
Put more simply, *you have to click on Y* so they're not the same.

@_date: 1995-09-15 04:15:11
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Linking = Showing = Transferring? 
Inline images are not references -- they are part of the page being
retrieved.  Inlined images are just a convenient way of chunking.  The image is imported
by the viewer because the server, as part of the base document, told it
to do so.  You might be able to fool an ignorant court, but it still
doesn't change the fact that Lance has a document that in the natural
course of operation of the Web, exports crypto.  I would advise him to
edit the page so it reads
Heck, the very word, "inline" gives it away.

@_date: 1995-09-15 04:18:35
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Some informed comments on RSA's S/MIME 
S/MIME was developed privately by RSA in conjunction with a number of other
companies. To the best of my knowledge all discussion has occurred on closed,
private lists. As a potential customer of RSA I recently managed to get myself
added to one of these lists (it may or may not be the only one where S/MIME is
discussed) but I haven't had time to post anything there yet. I plan to post
this message there in the next couple of days.
I'm not saying this approach to protocol development is a good thing or a bad
thing, but I do believe that it has led to the production of a specification
that is seriously flawed, and that those flaws would have been detected and
probably corrected had the discussion been more public.
More on this below.
The specification, at least, is public. Given the amount of press surrounding
this proposal and the strong liklihood of it being widely used I strongly
recommend that everyone who is interested in email security obtain a
copy of the specification and read it.
However, the proposal is simple enough that it can be summarized in just two
paragraphs. S/MIME is based on PKCS  which in turn is based on classic PEM.
The significant difference between PKCS  and PEM is that it uses an ASN.1
encoding for the entire security object rather than the header/text encoding of
RFC1421. In fact the specification states that mechanical conversion between
RFC1421 formats and PKCS  should be possible as long as the proper set of
algorithms are used. I think that mechanical conversion into and out of the
PEM-derived subset of MOSS is also feasible but I haven't checked up on the
specifics of this.
S/MIME in turn is a simple encapsulation of PKCS  in MIME, consisting of  an
application subtype label and an encoding of the PKCS  object using standard
MIME encodings. The inner secured content is then seen as another MIME object.
This is almost identical to Jeff Schiller's earlier proposal for embedding PEM
in MIME. There is only one significant twist -- in the case of signed but not
encrypted data the specification calls for the use of multipart/alternative,
with the first part being an unsigned copy of the signed data and the second
part being the PKCS  object, including the signed data.
Two obvious flaws in this approach should be obvious from this description. The
first is simply one of excessive overhead -- sending signed material in such a
way that it can be read on vanilla email systems as well as with an S/MIME
system introduces something on the order of 133% overhead.
The second flaw is more serious. The data that a user without S/MIME reads is
not signed. This opens the door to attacks where the unsigned version is
tampered with but the signed version is left alone.
This turns into a really insidious problem when you consider how privacy
services are likely to be deployed in some environments. One model I expect to
be rather popular is that of having a remote signature verification service
within a secure enclave. That is, most of the user agents that people use won't
have the ability to validate a signature. Users will, however, have secure
access to an agent that will validate the signature on a message for them. (The
service may well be a different application on the same machine.) They simply
submit the message to this service and it tells them whether or not the
signature matches.
The problem, of course, is that the material the user of the unextended agent
reads isn't what's signed. And in general there is no way to correlate this
material with the signed copy -- since it was exposed to the message transport
layer without any special tagging to indicate its signed nature the transport
may well have changed it so its no longer a byte-for-byte copy of the signed
version (which is inherently protected against such munging). Comparing this approach with security multiparts is quite instructive. Security
multiparts only introduces the overhead necessary to encode the single copy of
the data -- at most 33% in the case of base64 -- plus of course the fixed
overhead of the signature information. As such, it is far more efficient than
S/MIME when it comes to signed but unencrypted material. Security multiparts
can be processed in a single pass as well. I'm not sure this is true of S/MIME

@_date: 1995-09-15 08:13:26
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Linking = Showing = Transferring? 
I believe you're right, this is the key distinction which I missed.
(Disregard my earlier email to you :)
Thanks for the patient explanation.

@_date: 1995-09-15 09:23:02
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: NSA on GAK 
Yeah, really.  I didn't say it isn't true, I just said it's more like a
cute quote than truth.
Compare the number of bits downloaded in TCP/IP and routing infrastructure
to the number of bits that are purchased at the store or via a P.O.

@_date: 1995-09-15 11:52:27
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Minutes of IEEE public-key standardization meeting 
MINUTES
                           IEEE P1363:
Standard for RSA, Diffie-Hellman, and Related Public-Key Cryptography
Burt Kaliski opened the meeting at 1:10 pm.  The announced agenda was:
  IEEE P1363: Standard for RSA, Diffie-Hellman and Related
                   Public-Key Cryptography
                       MEETING NOTICE
            Thursday, August 31, 1995, 1:00-6:00pm
            Friday, September 1, 1995, 9:00-6:00pm
         University of California, Santa Barbara, CA
This meeting of the P1363 working group, open to the public, will
focus on the editing of a draft standard for RSA, Diffie-Hellman
and other public-key cryptography. The meeting follows the CRYPTO
'95 conference, held August 27-31 at the same location.
    1. Approval of Agenda
    2. Approval of Minutes from May Meeting
    3. Officers' Reports
    4. Update on Patent Issues
    5. Proposals for New Sections
    6. Meeting Schedule
    7. Editorial Work (schedule to be determined based
       on availability of draft material)
    8. New Work Assignments
Depending on the amount of editorial work, the meeting may end sooner
than 6:00pm Friday.
If you'd like to participate, contact Burt Kaliski, the working group's
chair, at RSA Laboratories, 100 Marine Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065.
Phone: (415) 595-7703, FAX: (415) 595-4126, E-mail: burt
Draft sections and copies of previous minutes are available via
anonymous ftp to ftp.rsa.com in the "pub/p1363" directory. The working
group's electronic mailing list is ; to join, send e-mail
to .
There will be a meeting fee, though the amount has not yet been
established, pending arrangements with the university. It will also be
possible for participants to arrange accommodations at the university.
DIRECTIONS (excerpted from the CRYPTO announcement)
The campus is located approxmately two miles from the Santa Barbara
airport, which is served by several airlines, including American,
America West, United and US Air. All major rental car agencies are also
represented in Santa Barbara, and AMTRAK has rail connections to San
Francisco from the north and Los Angeles from the south. Santa Barbara
is approximately 100 miles north of the Los Angeles airport, and 350
miles south of San Francisco.
For more information on the CRYPTO '95 conference, contact Stafford
Tavares, the general chair, at (613) 545-2945 or .
In attendance, we had:
    Terry Arnold, Vice Chair
    Eric Blossom
    Jean-Francois Dhem
   *Whitfield Diffie
    Carl Ellison
    Amos Fiat
    Walter Fumy
    John Gilmore
   *Roger Golliver
    Chris Gorsuch
    David Grawrock
    Stuart Haber
    Aleksandar Jurisic
   *Burt Kaliski, Chair
   *John Kennedy
    Katherine T. Kislitzin
    Judy Koeller
    Ray Kopsa
   *Michael Markowitz
   *Alfred Menezes
   *Mark Oliver
    Paul Van Oorschot
    Minghua Qu
   *Roger Schlafly, Secretary
    Sherry Shannon
   *Jerry Solinas
   *Scott Vanstone
    Michael J. Wiener
    Harold M. Wilensky
    Roger Zuccherato
Those marked with an asterisk were qualified to vote, having also
attended 2 of the last 3 meetings (and thus 3 of 4, including this
Motion 1: (Arnold, Kennedy) The agenda is approved.  Passed, unanimously.
Motion 2: (Arnold, Markowitz) Approve the minutes.  Passed, unanimously.
Kaliski reported that he is still trying to get registered OID numbers
for us, but it will take the IEEE another six months to get its act
together.  We can proceed on the assumption that the numbers will be
filled in later.
Kaliski reported that the IEEE is setting up a web site to store drafts
of standards online.  The address is   When we
(and IEEE) are ready, we will set up an area for our drafts.  We can
limit who can upload and download if we wish.
Motion 3: (Oliver, Arnold) Make online documents publicly accessible
to anyone.  Passed, unanimously.
Kaliski will set up a P1363 area on the SPA server, as soon as it is
The other officers had nothing to report.
Kaliski gave us a patent update.  We still don't have the necessary
assurances.  One difficulty is the lawsuit between Cylink and RSA Data
Security which may drag on for a while.  There is also an arbitration
proceeding between the two companies, with a ruling expected in a few
The application for a waiver from the IEEE patent policy is still
pending.  Schlafly suggested amending the application letter to
limit the waiver to the Stanford patents on the theory that the
situation with the Stanford patents is more likely to be resolved
in the near future.  (Among other things, the Stanford patents
expire much sooner than the MIT RSA patent.)  When support for this
position was weak, he
proposed amending the application to make it clear that there is
a stronger case for a waiver on the Stanford, so that if the IEEE
chooses to reject our broad request, they will at least know that
we could live with a narrower waiver.  Others argued that a broad
waiver gives our committee maximum freedom, and that we could
decide later the extent to which we take advantage of the waiver.
Motion 4: (Kennedy, Oliver) Leave waiver request as is.  Passed, 7-3.
Arnold raised the issue of the removal of a private key syntax from
the elliptic curve draft.
Motion 5: (Arnold, Gilmore) We introduce a representation of private
keys into the standard.
Passed, unanimously.
Motion 6: (Arnold, Markowitz) Archiving and protecting private keys
is outside our scope, and we should not include it in the body of
the standard.
Passed, unanimously.
This motion leaves open the possibility of having advisory material
on archiving private keys.
This issue also provoked a discussion of syntax alternatives to
ASN.1.  Ellison argued that ASN.1 has a corrupting influence on
the mind, and should be scrapped altogether.  Kaliski said that
there is no actual requirement that we use ASN.1, and that we
could just use bit strings if we wished.
No new sections were proposed.
The next meeting was scheduled for the Crown Plaza hotel in Toronto,
on Nov. 15-16, in conjunction with the Public Key Solutions (PKS)
conference sponsored by Mobius.
We discussed having the following meeting in conjunction with the
RSA Data Security conference.  That conference is at the Fairmount
hotel, San Francisco, Jan. 17-19.  Another possibility is in conjunction
with ISOC in Feb. 22-23 at San Diego.  Either way, the P1363 would
probably be the two days before.  We were unable to reach a consensus,
so we deferred the issue to the next meeting.
Markowitz assumed to role of treasurer again.  The meeting fee was
$60, or just $25 if only attending one day.  Money for the dorms was
also collected.
At the request of the IEEE editors, we are moving our documents to
Microsoft Word format.
Our outline is now as follows.
1. Overview, scope, purpose
2. Standards references
3. Definitions
4. Elliptic curves
5. Bibliography
A. Mathematical background
B. Supporting algorithms
C. Test vectors
D. Known state of attacks
E. Random numbers
F. Hardware support
Arnold expressed doubt as to whether the hardware support section
was going to come together satisfactorily.  So we changed the name
of that section to "Other considerations" so that we could include
other miscellaneous remarks.
Ellison took over the random number section.  He wanted to ditch
some of the randomness tests as not being strong enough, and include
some other explanatory material.
At 3:00 we took a break until 3:35.
The rest of the meeting was devoted to a detailed discussion of
the elliptic curve draft.  Menezes handed out a new copy.
Solinas handed out a paper on elliptic curve point counting, to be
included in appendix B.  It gives a nice way of choosing a curve with
a predictable number of points.  To make it more complete, he will
add a couple of references, particularly to the forthcoming CRC
handbook of applied cryptography, by Menezes, Van Oorschot, and
Vanstone suggested switching the elliptic curve spec to multiplicative
notation.  Mathematicians prefer to use an additive notation because
the curve is an abelian group.  However, it is very confusing for
cryptographers because the formulas are analogous to Diffie-Hellman
and Elgamal protocols where the principal operation is multiplication
in Zp.
Motion 7: (Kennedy, Menezes) Stay with additive notation for elliptic
curves, for consistency with the mathematical literature.
Passed, unanimously.
For various reasons, we decided that n, the order of the elliptic curve
base point, should be required to be prime.
Someone also thought "G" was better notation for the base point.
Kaliski questioned the block splitting scheme in the ECES.  Kennedy
said it scored high on the hokey meter.
At 9:10 Friday morning, the meeting resumed.
The treasurer reported collecting $1662.70.  This included $538.85
for dorm rooms and $1125 in IEEE fees.  Kaliski demonstrated a
cryptanalytic attack on these totals, as a way of verifying them.
Vanstone gave an explanation of ECES.  One rationale for the block
splitting scheme is that a typical elliptic curve uses 160 bits for
each of x and y.  A triple DES key is 168 bits.  A straightforward
scheme would only use x, and thus not be able to encrypt the whole
triple DES key.  Using y would give 320 bits, but y is (nearly) a function
of x, so there are some cryptographic subtleties in using y directly.
In the end, we weren't that comfortable with it, so we decided
to stick with a simpler one-block scheme.  The simpler scheme just
multiplies (or perhaps xors) the message by x.
We took a break at 10:45.
There was more criticism of ASN.1.  Ellison offered to construct
some simple data representations which would allow us to avoid
ASN.1.  Kaliski suggested that an elliptic curve point (x,y) with
possible compressed y could be represented by
        [ x bytes ]  00
        [ x bytes ]  01
        [ x bytes ]  80  [ y bytes]
That is, the last line is for the full x and y.  If y is compressed
down to one bit, the first or second line is used.
Kaliski argued against the signature schemes directly referencing
a hashing operation.  Someone may want to sign something other
than a hash value.  An implementation may want to conform without
having a hash function built-in.  Solinas objected that there
are risks to signing data other than hash values.  This issue
was not resolved.
Solinas complained that there are various parameters buried in
the draft without any indication as to how these are related to
overall security.  He volunteered to write some notes on how
the various parameters were related to each other.  How these
are incorporated is to be determined.
Someone pointed out we should check r = 0 or s = 0 in the signature
At 12:20 we took a break for lunch, until 1:45.
Vanstone gave a talk and handout on key agreement protocols.
He showed how he and Menezes found weaknesses in other Diffie-Hellman
type protocols, and they proposed a new one that overcomes
the problems.  We all liked it.
We thought q and n should be part of the system parameter setup.
There was some discussion of optimal normal bases versus using
an irreducible polynomial.  We also discussed advantages of restricting
to p = 3 mod 4, and to curves with a = -3.
At 3:20 we took a break until 3:30.
Ellison handed out some introductory material on random numbers that
he wrote since taking over the job the day before.
The plan now is to have a draft standard at the next (Nov.) meeting,
and then to polish it up for ballot at the following meeting.
We adjourned at 4:20.

@_date: 1995-09-15 15:48:04
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Commercial Mixmaster (was Re: Mixmaster status) 
Lance owns the code.  He can take it, strip off the copyright, and
transfer all rights to Bill Gates for a million bucks.  He cannot,
however, rescind the copyright or licenses that he has previously
given out.

@_date: 1995-09-15 15:53:00
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: CYPHERPUNK considered harmful 
What's in a name?  That which we call a rose would by any other name
still smell as sweet.
Surely, right now, there are more important things to work on.

@_date: 1995-09-18 09:23:10
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Netscape's random numbers 
Congrats, nice job!
The Netscape license explicitly prohibits decompiling (except where such
prohibition is illegal).  When this hits the media it will be important
to avoid being tarred with the "hacker breaks rules and breaks in" brush.
More subtly, it's probably a bad idea to call into question the overall
business model of client binaries on the net.
Instead, emphasize importance of open code, public reviews, ability to
link in your own code that meets public specs, etc.  All of these things
the Internet was designed to do, and U.S. ITAR regulations are designed
to prohibit (globally, anyway).  And also that the bad guys will never
play by the rules.  And re-emphasize that solutions are possible, just
that the U.S. government prevents them from being deployed in a global
Perhaps draw parallels to the recent Microsoft Word virus.

@_date: 1995-09-18 10:12:30
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: ftp://www.brooks.af.mil/pub/unix/utils/des.tar 
This seems to be
  /* Sofware DES functions
   * written 12 Dec 1986 by Phil Karn, KA9Q; large sections adapted from
   * the 1977 public-domain program by Jim Gillogly
   * Modified for additional speed - 6 December 1988 Phil Karn
   * Modified for parameterized key schedules - Jan 1991 Phil Karn
Would someone from outside the US try to download the above file?
It would be, at least, amusing if an Air Force site were in violation
of the ITAR (their README notwithstanding).

@_date: 1995-09-18 16:06:45
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Netscape's random numbers 
Perhaps, but it that's secondary to the bad spin the media could
end up having on it.  Preventing that problem was a major point of
my article, which discussed the media and netscape not at all.

@_date: 1995-09-18 16:15:29
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Your name in print 
Received: from ns2.rutgers.edu (ns2.rutgers.edu [128.6.21.2]) by postman.osf.org (8.6.9/8.6.x) with ESMTP
Received: (from daemon by ns2.rutgers.edu (8.6.12+bestmx+oldruq+newsunq/8.6.12) id MAA00546 for www-security-outgoing; Mon, 18 Sep 1995 12:35:37 -0400
Received: from whiz.mfi.com (whiz.mfi.com [198.71.19.34]) by ns2.rutgers.edu (8.6.12+bestmx+oldruq+newsunq/8.6.12) with SMTP id MAA00534 for ; Mon, 18 Sep 1995 12:35:18 -0400
Received: from ccmail2.mfi.com by whiz.mfi.com (AIX 3.2/UCB 5.64/4.03)
          id AA31083; Mon, 18 Sep 1995 09:26:41 -0700
Received: from ccMail by ccmail2.mfi.com
Encoding: 663 Text
Precedence: bulk
Errors-To: owner-www-security
Status: RO
I am an editor at a business technology publication and am currently researching a piece on network security at financial institutions as well as the feasability of secure Internet transactions and banking on the world wide web. I will be interviewing individuals who can speak to these issues and can talk about whether the banking industry can in fact move much of its activity on line without risking the loss of billions of dollars to online theft and other related damage.  If you are familiar with this subject matter and/or have any experience in the financial industry, please email me at: cprince
CJ Prince

@_date: 1995-09-19 19:17:04
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Netscape Crack 
Really?  So I assume you won't be using an ATM card to buy gasoline until
the next millenium?
I thought it was Visa and MC and Microsoft are coming out with an
implementation, and then will get around to releasing the specs.
One of V or MC also said that the only approved way to do Internet
commerce with their card was to use this new system.

@_date: 1995-09-19 19:23:09
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  SFChron 
Of course, it would have been better if the VP of Marketing said that
they had a bug, but that the fundamental architecture is sound.

@_date: 1995-09-19 19:38:11
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: "Hackers"-- brief review and anecdote... 
I don't think it's non-response, I just think you don't understand
yhour expert witness.
If not for the ITAR then I could distribute my secure applications
as a binary library with the security part as source.  When you
got Netscape you'd read the security code or ask local experts to
do so.  You'd verify that the code was correct (or at least not
stupid).  You'd then compile the security code and link it against the
main object module and away you'd go.  If you didn't have a C compiler,
you'd get a binary from someone you trusted.
Of course, all this would be going on in parallel at thousands of sites
around the world.  Everyone looking at the code, finding holes, reporting
them, fixing security bugs, and so on.
But ITAR won't let you do that.
Or netscape would just make calls to the common open multiple-crypto
API that existed in a shared library in your machine.
But apparently the ITAR won't even let you do this.

@_date: 1995-09-19 20:01:34
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: http://www.osf.org/~rsalz/unabomber 
Snarfed from MIT.  I'm sure it will soon be all over on many
people's homepages.  I don't know if I want this terrorist to
appreciate the irony or be disgusted.

@_date: 1995-09-19 20:03:39
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: AOL monitoring 
INN, probably the most popular NNTP news system, by default logs
every time the client does a "group" command, typically sent
by the newsreader when you enter a newsgroup.  If you only fetch
articles by messageid then you'll probably avoid anything other than
connection logging.

@_date: 1995-09-20 09:23:33
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Please send me SSL problems... 
With one exception so important that it might blow away your whole

@_date: 1995-09-20 09:32:31
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Netscape Crack 
Nope.  Just because almost all machines anyone is every going to use
in their lifetimes are stack-based doesn't mean C is stack-based.
The C compiler I once used on a LispMachine had no stack.

@_date: 1995-09-20 09:34:15
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Why couldn't it have been 42? 
[drand48 is supposed to return a random number]
Kun Luo, one of our grad students here recently found a bug in Sun's
implementation of the drand48() function.  We reported it to Sun, and they
acknowledged the bug exists - it seemed to be the first time they had
heard of it, though.  The bug affects Sun's ANSI C compiler shipped with
SPARCWorks3.0 and consists of the following:  If you're compiling using
the -Xc flag (strict ANSI C, no SUN C compatibility extensions), the
function drand48() is BROKEN.  It ALWAYS returns the number 9.000000 ...

@_date: 1995-09-20 10:15:55
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Please send me SSL problems... 
I've heard that Digital, HP, and IBM have all mandated that all security
code (except keymgmt and other things that are out of scope) must go
through the GSSAPI:  no writing your own stuff.  I heard, less
authoritatively, that Microsoft has the same rules, except they use a
FunnyLookingVariant(far) of an earlier GSSAPI draft.

@_date: 1995-09-21 05:36:10
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Please send me SSL problems... 
Digital:  ask John Wray.
IBM:  find someone in the DSOM group
HP:  no name I can give.

@_date: 1995-09-22 10:04:27
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Defense against a class of programming bugs 
In light of the continuing vulnerability to long user input, I humbly
offer the following aphorism, suitable for display on all Netscape
programmer cubicles:

@_date: 1995-09-23 03:00:16
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Re: Project: a standard cell random number generator 
I don't understand the parenthetical comment.  Are you saying the
API that the NSA defined isn't supported by everyone, isn't complete,
or is "bad"?

@_date: 1995-09-24 20:50:11
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Defense against a class of programming bugs 
Er, you're kidding, right?  drand48 isn't in Posix either, for example.
Someone who runs on Motif and Mac has strdup as the least of their
worries.  But just in case it's stopping anyone:
(Deliberately written too-cleverly.  Lame compilers will need to cast to 0)

@_date: 1995-09-24 21:03:36
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  John Deutsch 
Why did he argue against MIT getting rid of Lincoln Labs?

@_date: 1995-09-30 19:44:08
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: "Notes" to be Eclipsed by "Netscape" 
Er, sounds to me like you're leaping to some conclusions...
At any rate, one of the designers of Notes's security was Charlie Kaufman
(formerly of Digital, recent author of a security book mentioned here) and
he is No Slouch.

@_date: 1995-10-31 05:33:45
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
The licensed version of RC4, or the software that was posted anonymously?
Do you really feel comfortable basing an IETF standard on that?  When
you use the term RC4 do you mean the real version or the posted one,
what will you do if they ever conflict?  Can you even use the name RC4
for the posted version?  It seems to me that RC4 means the RSA licensed
code, which presumably you wanted to avoid when you wrote no mandatory PK.
Where would you swap RC4 for DES?
I assume your added stipulation is a "should" not a "must" item.
How are you going to handle key management and naming?

@_date: 1995-10-31 12:05:03
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
All your individual answers make sense.
Taken together, tho, they make HTTP-NG worrisome on the crypto front.
For example, it's probably a real bad idea to replace DES with something
commonly called RC4.  The former has been under public scrutiny for years,
the later still has not formally emerged from the shroud of trade secret.
The keyed MD5 responses also don't inspire confidence.
With all due respect, I strongly encourage you to leave crypto out of
HTTP-NG for the time being.  Wait to see what happens from the various
IPng security, SSL, S-HTTP, the W3C work, et cetera.  Leave some "holes"
in the protocol, but don't tie anything down now.  For better for the
Web to wait six to 12 months for HTTP-NG, then for mistakes to occur
in this area.

@_date: 1995-10-31 13:00:38
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
How are you going to handle mechanism negotiation?

@_date: 1995-11-01 05:22:00
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
Yes, exactly.  Of course negotiation and naming are often the harder
issues.  It is a pity that HTTP-NG seems to be inventing protocol-specific
crypto-systems, rather then designing a general one and then being its
first customer.

@_date: 1995-11-01 08:24:14
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Need Mail-to-News gates 
The "gag" program that comes with my news/mail gateway software known
as newsgate can do this automatically.  email to rsalz for
a copy.

@_date: 1995-11-01 08:41:48
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
You don't understand it, but once you do you can explain why you're not
using it?  Do you really mean that, or am I misunderstanding?
Many of the GSSAPI principals are in the Boston area:  John Linn at
OpenVision in Cambridge, John Wray at Digital in Littleton, Ted T'so
and Marc Horowitz at MIT, etc.
If you would like to have a discussion, face-to-face or phone, let
me know and I will try to work something out.

@_date: 1995-09-30 22:34:11
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: T-shirt on French TV 
Timing is everything...
I happened to be flipping the channels while on the TV in my hotel room
Friday evening between 8 and 8:30 when I saw someone wearing the UK crypto
shirt on a talk show on French TV3.  I know no French.  A guy was standing
up wearing the shirt, turning around, holding it out for the camera, etc.
Someone sitting down was talking about it to the moderator -- I heard
words like cryptographique a few times.  When the speaker pointed to the
"may be illegal in France" part, the guy took the shirt off and the crowd
The segment was about 10 minutes.

@_date: 1995-09-30 23:17:30
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: SAIC bought InterNic, but who is SAIC?  A spook contractor! 
One of the most interesting things SAIC does is run places that
monitor seismic events.  S.E.'s, by the way, are things that might be
earthquakes but could be A-bomb tests.
SAIC ran the Center for Seismic Studies in Arlington, VA.  Rick Adams,
co-founder of UUnet, made one of their machines, seismo, the UUCP hub of the
world for a couple of years.

@_date: 1995-10-01 15:49:06
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: I am the anti-Ch<fnord> 
I got some email responses to my SAIC info.  Here's a little more fun on
a Sunday evening.  All the statements below are true.
Among the first two (possibly the very first two) MX records for not-connected
sites desiring Internet-style names were:  att.com and mirror.tmc.com.
That is, the phone company, and a small subsidiary of the Times-Mirror
corporation.  It was from mirror that mod.sources/comp.sources.unix was
moderated -- for many years, the only source of free software available
to Usenet.
Seismo was the forwarder for both ATT and TMC (via special-case lines in
Rick's sendmail.cf file).  ATT, through ihnp4 in Chicago (site of the
Democratic convention), vied with seismo for the we'll-call-anyone philosophy
that a few sugar daddies (er, backbone) sites had that kept uucp Email
and Usenet running back then.  Under the auspices of the curiously-named
"Network Action Central" many ATT sites did dialup UUCP to mirror on a
daily basis, ostensibly to pick up mod.sources.
I was the administrator of mirror.tmc.com; the tmc.com domain "conflicted"
with tmc.edu, the Texas Medical Center.  The NIC back then asked me to
ask tmc.edu to "reconsider."  Do you know where their book depository
Rick started Alternet, now "Shared" with Microsoft.  Unlike Sprint and
MCI, ATT "curiously" decided to *not* become a network service provider,
but instead allied with BBN and sells their technology, equipment and
services.  I worked at BBN for five years, in the same department that
became BBNPlanet, the global ISP and ATT's partner.  I also wrote INN,
which now handles essentially all the Usenet traffic in the world.
So who cares about the latest media mega-deal of Eisner or Time-Warner-Turner?
We already control the Internet media; the Web is merely~~~~
NO CARRIER

@_date: 1995-10-01 17:33:58
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Kerberos 
Sort of.  The DCE registry isn't really based on Kerberos.  Rather, DCE
uses Kerberos code to do its private-key stuff.  We're planning on adding
the ability to use public key to get initial tickets to the security server.
Outside of integration with other security domains, this means that the
security server no longer needs to store everyone's private key, reducing
exposure if it's been cracked.
If anyone wants more details on how current or planned DCE security,
drop me a line.  Perhaps some of the other folks on this list who also know
about it will speak up, too.

@_date: 1995-10-01 22:26:39
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Crypto hardware (was: Using sound cards to accelerate RSA?) 
Perhaps they're worried about contributing to patent infringement?

@_date: 1995-10-02 20:09:41
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Certificate proposal & X509 clarifications 
While I am no big fan of OID's (and I really dislike ASN.1 -- and nobody
ever explained to my why the ISO RPC standard doesn't use it), if
anybody really needs an ISO OID tree, I will probably be willing to
tear off a piece of OSF's:

@_date: 1995-10-02 20:14:02
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Time Lag 
Internet email is highly dynamic.  Hosts can be up/down.  Routers can
be up/down.  Gateways can be up/down.  Routing databases can be out of
date.  Cables can be cut.  Load averages can affect whether a host accepts
SMTP connections.  And so on.
Sending one message and rigorously studying timestamps in the Received
lines and using that to draw conclusions about mail propagation is a
complete waste of time.

@_date: 1995-10-03 07:44:55
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: CISS TSP MISSI 
I don't know which is more annoying:
I hope that the first, at least, can be fixed.
Avoid clutter; note the reply-to.

@_date: 1995-10-03 21:20:30
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Netscape finally issuing md5sums/pgp signed binaries ? (was Re: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count!) 
You might want to look at BETSI which was created to do this kind of
thing, too.  Check out

@_date: 1995-10-04 16:18:36
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: FORGED CANCELS of posts on n.a.n-a.m 
So if 70% of Usenet follows this scheme a handful of forged cancels can easily
cause melt down.
I can post a handful of articles and forge the From line, and create my
own Cancel-lock headers by "rolling the dice."  I can then get their mailbox
bombed by forging cancels.  A little more complicated then "sendsys-bombing"
but not much more so.

@_date: 1995-10-05 09:51:45
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Rethinking the utility of netnews "cancel" control messages 
Cancel/Supercede is a useful model -- architecting them out of Usenet
is a very bad idea.  Ask Clarinet.

@_date: 1995-10-05 10:35:30
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Rethinking the utility of netnews "cancel" control messages 
I would like to put my corporate legal infrastructe on an internal secure
conferencing system.  News (with crypto-signed articles) is ideal.
Without a "destroy all copies" concept I cannot do this.

@_date: 1995-10-05 17:45:57
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Rethinking the utility of netnews "cancel" control messages 
Replace cancel with
and so on.  I don't think my life has been all that interesting, but
I've had all of those things happen.
Of course there is no guarnatee that indiviuals don't have private
copies, etc., but you have this situation currently and it works.
Replacing cancel with setaside makes Usenet architecture useful for
many business semantics/requirements.  That's not something I'm willing to
trade away and I am surprised that others would...

@_date: 1995-10-06 07:38:10
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Supercomputer export ease 
According to a squib in the local tabloid:  Clinton has approved a plan to
ease export restrictions on the sale of supercomputers.  The decision is
expected to be announced today; it follows DoD recommendations.  The
wording is funky enough to be interpreted a couple of ways, so here's a
quote:  "Under the revised policy, U.S.firms will be able to sell billions
of dollars worth of high-tech computers to civilian customers around the
world.  Currently manufacturers must seek licenses from the Commerce Dept.
to sell a computer that can perform more than 1,500 million theoretical
operations per second."  Does that mean no more licenses, the mFLOP limit
has been raised before license required, there is no limit but you still
need a license?
Answers today/tomorrow when the policy comes out, I guess.

@_date: 1995-10-09 13:01:02
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: netscape mail starts java attachments upon get new mail... 
What part of the state of my machine can they access and send out
to the "home port"?  Can they read /etc/passwd, make NIS requests,

@_date: 1995-10-10 06:35:00
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: netscape mail starts java attachments upon get new mail... 
Oh, you mean like a mirror or local cache?  (Sure, Rocky, never happen...)
Even with TIRPC NIS is still UDP-only?  Has NIS+ fixed this?

@_date: 1995-10-10 06:46:03
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: java security & the cypherpunk agenda 
who have/had home pages on the various Sun java servers), none of
them were particularly security-aware.

@_date: 1995-10-10 11:10:39
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: java security concerns 
I notice that netscape just announced that they're doing this.

@_date: 1995-10-11 21:13:30
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: NYT on Internet Flaws 
Something like Perry's "Do not redistribute without permission" should
be the only modification needed.

@_date: 1995-10-12 21:48:14
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Welcome to the list 
You will probably find it most helpful to read through a few months
archives of the list (ask around for back digests, usenet access, etc).
And read the Tim's cyphernomicon.  You'll find most intro-level answers
there, and you're less likely to annoy the natives. :)

@_date: 1995-10-15 05:53:59
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Yes, indeed the PA law is for real! 
Nostradamus said it way before you.
This kind of dredging up old posts in order to claim certain foresight
intellectual properties is kinda silly.  Watcha gonna do, patent it?
It's gonna rain tomorrow.  You heard it here first.  Of course, I don't
plan on doing anything about it other than tell you all...

@_date: 1995-10-15 17:28:39
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: what are these people selling???? 
Only until the patents expire.  He's no demon, but there's no altruism at
work.  Come the millenium he moves to things like selling cars.
You heard it here first.

@_date: 1995-10-19 21:16:20
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: ANSI to work on e-payment -- first meeting coming up 
First Meeting of Electronic Commerce Work Group
November 29, Washington, DC
ANSI Accredited Standards Committee X9 - Financial Services - in response to the explosion of payment transaction proposals for the internet, has approved a new work item to develop a single secure electronic payment syntax.  The first meeting of the Electronic Commerce Work Group will be Wednesday, November 29 from 9:00am till 5:00pm at the American Bankers Association, 1120 Connecticut Ave, NW, Washington, DC Review of Scope of Work
Consideration of Federal Reserve Request to expand scope to Bank-Bank Presentation from Industry groups with existing payment protocols
Assignment of work items
New items
Next meetings  (Jan/Feb. - San Francisco, May - Boston??)
A draft scope:
The payment syntax described in this standard is designed to order a financial institution to make payment to a merchant from an account of a purchaser based on the near term delivery of low monetary value goods or services.  It will be possible to include this payment order in any electronic protocol that is based on communications between the purchaser and the merchant, and between the merchant and a financial institution.  This standard does not describe, nor recommend, any particular communications protocol.
When used within a complete payment infrastructure, the secure payment order described shall offer privacy and integrity of the purchaser's payment information, and shall prevent the purchaser from successfully repudiating the sending, or the merchant from successfully repudiating the receiving, of a valid payment order.  Thus the financial institution can be sure that its customer requested the payment and that the merchant can be accurately identified on the account statement.
About ASC X9
ASC X9 is the accredited standards developer which brings together banks, securities trading companies, equipment and software manufactures, associations and others in the financial services industry to develop voluntary nationally accepted standards based on industry consensus.  Founded in 1976, ASC X9 was accredited by the American National Standards institute in 1984.  The American Bankers Association serves as X9 Secretariat.  For more information on X9, contact the secretariat at 202/663-5300, for more information on the Electronic Commerce Work Group, contact its chair, Tom Jones at 602/554-3569.

@_date: 1995-10-20 17:52:09
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: textbooks 
I have also heard good things about a book by Warwick Ford.

@_date: 1995-10-23 17:27:26
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: The NSA Visits Compendium 
perhaps we can get epic or eff to archive copies of export requests?
Perhaps companies would be willing to file copies of "we asked to
export this" after the decision was made?

@_date: 1995-10-23 22:51:06
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: [reformatted] how secure can privasoft be? 
What makes you say the NSA is in favor of pluggable crypto?

@_date: 1995-11-07 15:11:29
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: censored? corrected [Steve Pizzo cited in The Spotlight] 
The Arpanet always used hostnames.  Just about the only time you
needed to specify a raw network address was when you were dialed into
a TAC and you did things like " 137" to connect to mit-mc.
DNS was created because the hosts.txt file, a single network-wide
file that listed the name, address, aliases, system type, etc., of
every host in the Arpanet got to be unmaintainable.
Routing is totally unrelated to DNS, based as it is in IP addresses.
Routers know nothing about DNS.

@_date: 1995-11-07 15:33:17
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
Matt's NATO adventures, for example, are an interesting example of what
happens when the two missions -- "protect our secrets" and "read theirs"

@_date: 1995-11-13 20:42:41
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Pegasus Mail 
I sure hope some tells David Harris that his program is now export
controlled.  From my reading of his message, it seemed like he thinks he
"beat the system" because he didn't include actual crypto code.
Software that says "plug your own crypto here" is considered an anciliarry
device according to the ITAR.  Or, as I heard some NSA people call it,
"the classic 'crypto with a hole'."  Seems kinda silly that the hole is
the crypto, but hey that anciliiary device clause, you just gotta love
If Pegasus mail were written to support generic user-loadable content
transforms, that would be different.  But even then, you have to be careful
how that's done.  If just did some global search-and-replace and came up
with "keyed compression" you wouldn't get past anyone.  But if you had an
opaque state block that the user modules could set/use/clear, and you
passed that along with your in/out buffers, then you'd be safe.  Of course,
they'd know what is really going on, but are powerless to prevent it.

@_date: 1995-11-14 20:56:22
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Getting the ITAR 
The front of the ITAR has this convenient phone number you can call
to get a copy: 1 703 875 6644.  I don't think anyone on this list can
claim ignorance. :)  BTW, as for Pegasus, please note that I didn't say
the author was going to get in trouble, merely that his software is
export controlled -- there's a difference.

@_date: 1995-11-15 06:49:32
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
Everything is decided on a case-by-case basis.  I was in a meeting
with some NSA export-control people (Dept Z03) and asked a few questions
on this topic trying to nail down the angle of this slipper slope.
Basically, generic buffer-manipulation is okay.  "Keyed compression"
where you explicitly passed something called a key to a DLL routine
would be looked on suspiciously.  An abstract set of open/modify/close
routines (where open returned a pointer to opaque state, say a session
key :) would be fine.  The technical guy quickly grasped that I was
talking about anonymous remailers, but they "conceded" there's nothing
they can do about it.
I say "concede" because that implies more political/control-issues
then were really present at the meeting.

@_date: 1995-11-15 08:32:55
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Get your own ITAR 
1 703 875 6644.
The kindly administrative assistant there will take your name and address
and send you a hardcopy of the ITAR regulations.  I don't know about
overseas mailings.  I also imagine you will have to wait until the current
US budget stale-mate is resolved.  (Thanks to digest-reader walt
for the phone number.)

@_date: 1995-11-16 00:24:16
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: credit card conventional wisdom 
So the run-it-through-the-mechanical-device is treated as card not present?

@_date: 1995-11-17 09:09:25
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
Status: R
Sure, 12 14 16, etc., bits as in the classic unix compress program.
Not at all.  coyping inbuf to output is a common practice, it's quite
rare that you often compress in-place.

@_date: 1995-11-21 13:03:11
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Export control FTP servers 
I believe some of the following has been posted here before.
The person to speak with is
He's supposed to be Internet-aware.   What's not common knowledge is
that he's leaving by early December for budgetary reasons.  If you're
thinking of putting export controlled stuff up for FTP, you should
probably contact John now.

@_date: 1995-11-23 09:35:26
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  "The Right To Privacy" by Caroline Kennedy, et. al. 
I've heard a couple of media interviews (CNBC Equal Time, and NPR
Talk of the Nation).  It sounds like a good collection of issues and
scare stories.  Experienced people on this list might learn a few things
to round out the overall picture, but it's probably best for the general
public.  I hope it does real well.

@_date: 1995-11-24 08:20:44
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Spam the Sign! 
Somebody at DoD, department of trade control.  I posted the address and
phone number of the guy here a couple of days ago -- check the archives.
Cool soon, he's leaving early December; expect him to be replaced by
someone clueless.

@_date: 1995-11-29 22:09:51
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: The future will be easy to use 
Bingo!  This is one of the hard parts of certificate authorities; just
what are you attesting to?  The American Bar Association has a big document
for public review that addresses what this might mean; there are a couple
of RFC's that specify CA policies (one from COST in Sweden, I think), and
RSA and/or Verisign will give you their policy in hardcopy.
In x.509v3 certificates, there is an extensible field where the key-signer
can put arbitrary data.  The intent is apparently that you put the ISO
object-ID (you know, those funny 1.3.2.11.... numbers) of the policy
There is, of course, no way to interpret the semantics of this electronically.
It will be interesting to see how various companies address this issue,
for example as they start to support arbitrary CA's in browsers or servers
while doing commerce over the web.

@_date: 1995-11-30 22:59:19
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: SKIP, NFS, SSL, etc. 
NFS is not a valid example of a one-vendor internetworking protocol.
In the early days of NFS Sun worked amazingly hard to get all the major
Unix players to support it.  They all but lent out engineering staff;
they hosted several 'connectathons', where everyone tested interoperability,
made the license minimal cost (if not free), etc.  And, of course, there
was nothing competing.

@_date: 1995-11-30 13:32:02
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Your faith is PGP is charming and quaint, but wrong 
Au contrair.
Cypherpunks share code...
 /bin/sh
# This is a shell archive.  Remove anything before this line, then feed it
# into a shell via "sh file" or similar.  To overwrite existing files,
# type "sh file -c".
# The tool that generated this appeared in the comp.sources.unix newsgroup;
# send mail to comp-sources-unix if you want that tool.
# Contents:  Makefile PATCHLEVEL README markov3.6 markov3.l
# Wrapped by rsalz on Thu Nov 30 00:04:29 1995
PATH=/bin:/usr/bin:/usr/ucb ; export PATH
echo If this archive is complete, you will see the following message:
echo '          "shar: End of archive."'
if test -f 'Makefile' -a "${1}" != "-c" ; then   echo shar: Will not clobber existing file \"'Makefile'\"
  echo shar: Extracting \"'Makefile'\" \(53 characters\)
  sed "s/^X//" >'Makefile' <<'END_OF_FILE'
Xmarkov3: markov3.o
X	$(CC) -o $@ $(CFLAGS) markov3.o
  if test 53 -ne `wc -c <'Makefile'`; then
    echo shar: \"'Makefile'\" unpacked with wrong size!
  fi
  # end of 'Makefile'
if test -f 'PATCHLEVEL' -a "${1}" != "-c" ; then   echo shar: Will not clobber existing file \"'PATCHLEVEL'\"
  echo shar: Extracting \"'PATCHLEVEL'\" \(2 characters\)
  sed "s/^X//" >'PATCHLEVEL' <<'END_OF_FILE'
  if test 2 -ne `wc -c <'PATCHLEVEL'`; then
    echo shar: \"'PATCHLEVEL'\" unpacked with wrong size!
  fi
  # end of 'PATCHLEVEL'
if test -f 'README' -a "${1}" != "-c" ; then   echo shar: Will not clobber existing file \"'README'\"
  echo shar: Extracting \"'README'\" \(2400 characters\)
  sed "s/^X//" >'README' <<'END_OF_FILE'
XThis is a cleaned-up reposting of the markov3 program.  The following
Xchanges have been made:
XThe null pointer dereferencing bugs have been fixed (I hope).
XThe code that uses "rand" should now be portable (the patches posted
Xto the net to fix this problem were wrong, they break the code on
Xsome machines in order to fix it on others.  I stole some code from
X"hack" to do things right.  If hack works for you, this should).
Xmarkov3 now understands "notes" cruft (thanks to Rich Salz).
XBecause of the 50% rule in news 2.11, people often use some other
Xcharacter than ">" for inclusions.  markov3 assumes that lines
Xbeginning with any of X	> < ) | # } ]
Xare inclusions (without this rule, funny-looking output results if
Xanyone uses non-standard "quoting").
XThe random number generator is initialized using the time, if neither
Xthe -s flag nor the new -x flag is given.
XThis will be the last complete posting; a "patchlevel" file is included
Xand I will send out patches if there are further bugs or improvements.
XHere's the original README.
XI created a bit of a stir with this program in December 1986 when I
Xused an earlier version of it to simulate a certain well-known net
Xpersonality (Hi Laura!).  It digests Usenet articles and spits out
Xother articles with similar characteristics.  You need lex to run it,
Xbut otherwise it should run on any Unix I know of.  XI had several requests for the program but didn't consider it
X"ready".  It's as ready as it will ever be now.
XThe program uses getopt(3).  There are several public-domain versions
Xavailable for Berkeley systems from the mod.sources archives.  Since
Xit's small, I've included Henry Spencer's version, but you'll have
Xto change the Makefile to use it.
XFor best results, feed it at least ten articles by the same person
Xor on the same subject.  If there are fewer articles the output
Xresembles the original too much; if there is too much variety in
Xthe articles the output is more incoherent than it otherwise is.
XThe program requires lots of memory if it is given lots of input;
Xthe small-model people will have problems.
XPlease don't post the output to the net (though I'd be happy to
Xsee some of the more interesting results).
XSend comments, suggestions for improvement, fan mail, and flames
Xto me: {sun,hplabs,ames,ihnp4}!oliveb!epimass!jbuck.
  if test 2400 -ne `wc -c <'README'`; then
    echo shar: \"'README'\" unpacked with wrong size!
  fi
  # end of 'README'
if test -f 'markov3.6' -a "${1}" != "-c" ; then   echo shar: Will not clobber existing file \"'markov3.6'\"
  echo shar: Extracting \"'markov3.6'\" \(2503 characters\)
  sed "s/^X//" >'markov3.6' <<'END_OF_FILE'
X.\" markov3
X.\" 	1.1 3/6/87 epimass!jbuck
X.TH MARKOV3 6 "3/6/87"
X.UC 4
X.SH NAME
Xmarkov3 \- Digest and spit out quasi-random Usenet articles
X.SH SYNOPSIS
X.B markov3
X.B \-pv
X] [
X.B \-n
X.I n_articles
X] [
X.B \-d
X.I dumpfile
X] [
X.B \-s
X.I seed
X] [
X.B \-x
X.SH DESCRIPTION
X.I Markov3
Xdigests Usenet articles and builds an internal data structure that
Xmodels the articles as if they came from a random process, where
Xeach word is determined by the previous two.  It then emits a series
Xof articles on the standard output that have the same distribution
Xof words, word pairs, and word triplets as do the input files.
XThe name
X.I markov3
Xcomes from the fact that this structure is called a Markov chain,
Xand that the statistics for word triplets are modeled.
XHere, a "word" is a sequence of printable characters surrounded by
Xwhitespace.  Paragraph breaks (blank lines) are also treated as a
X"word".  Paragraphs of included text are treated as single "words"
Xand printed as "> ...".
XBy default, the program expects to be fed Usenet articles; it strips
Xoff headers, included text, and signatures (or at least it tries).
X.B \-p
X(plain) option disables the header-stripping feature (otherwise
Xeverything is skipped until a blank line is encountered).
XBy default, 10 articles, separated by form feeds, are written on the
Xstandard output.  The
X.B \-n
Xoption lets you specify a different number.
X.B \-x
Xoption does not seed the random number generator; this is useful
Xfor simulating people who repeat themselves.
X.B \-d
X(dump) option dumps a representation of the internal data structure
Xbuilt by
X.I markov3
Xon the named file.
XFinally, the
X.B \-v
Xoption prints some statistics on the standard error.
X.SH "CAVEATS"
XThis program allocates lots of memory if given large amounts of input.
XOn virtual memory systems, the paging behavior is atrocious because
Xpointers tend to point every which way, and many pointers are dereferenced
Xfor every word processed.  This could be improved, I'm sure.
XPosting articles generated by
X.I markov3
Xto the net may be hazardous to your health.
XNot as smart as Mark V. Shaney.
X.SH "PORTABILITY"
XAn effort has been made to make this program as portable as possible;
Xan earlier version was much less portable because of problems with
Xnull pointers and rand(3).  Please let me know if you have further problems.
XIf you don't have lex, you'll need to rewrite the lexical analyzer
Xbut most of the program is in C.
  if test 2503 -ne `wc -c <'markov3.6'`; then
    echo shar: \"'markov3.6'\" unpacked with wrong size!
  fi
  # end of 'markov3.6'
if test -f 'markov3.l' -a "${1}" != "-c" ; then   echo shar: Will not clobber existing file \"'markov3.l'\"
  echo shar: Extracting \"'markov3.l'\" \(11822 characters\)
  sed "s/^X//" >'markov3.l' <<'END_OF_FILE'
X * Copyright (c) 1986, 1987 by Joe Buck
X *
X * Permission is granted to use, redistribute, or modify this program,
X * as long as you don't pretend you wrote it.  Send improvements or
X * bug reports to {ihnp4,hplabs,ames,sun}!oliveb!epimass!jbuck.
X *
X * The program generates simulated Usenet articles, given Usenet articles
X * as input.
X *
X * This program constructs a table of frequencies for a token appearing,
X * given the two preceding tokens.  A "token" is a sequence of non-blank
X * characters.  An entirely blank line is also treated as a token, as is
X * the beginning and end of an article.
X *
X * The program is designed to process news articles, rejecting text from
X * the header, signature, and included text, together with cruft inserted
X * by rn and notes.  A paragraph of included text is treated like a token.
X *
X * After the table is built (and it can be big), articles are generated
X * on the standard output.
X */
X lint
Xstatic char *sccs_id = "	1.1 3/6/87 epimass!jbuck";
X 		/* for time_t */
Xint in_included_text = 0;
X yywrap
X yywrap
X%Start HDR BODY SIG
X^[^ \t]+:.*\n	;	/* Header line, e.g. "From: foo */
X^[ \t]+[^ \t].*\n	;	/* Continuation of header line */
X^[ \t]*$		BEGIN BODY;
X^"-- "$		BEGIN SIG;
X^[><)|	{ /* 50% rule gets people to change ">"
X			     to other characters; this gets most of them */
X			  if (!in_included_text) {
X    			      in_included_text = 1;
X			      process_token ("\n> ...\n\n");
X			  }
X			}
X"]".*\n		{ /* should have been included in the above.  My
X			     lex generates bad C code if I say [[><...]
X			     even though ed(1) says that's a valid regular
X			     expression. */
X			  if (!in_included_text) {
X			      in_included_text = 1;
X			      process_token ("\n> ...\n\n");
X			  }
X			}
X^"In article".*\n	;	/* Reject rn crud */
X^"/* Written".*"*/"\n	;		/* Also NOTES crud */
X^"/* End of text from".*"*/"\n	;		/* NOTES */
X^"/* ----------".*"----------*/"\n	;		/* NOTES */
X[ \t]+		;	/* Skip white space */
X\n[ \t\n]*\n	{ process_token ("\n"); /* Paragraph break */}
X^\..*		;	/* Ignore format directives. */
X[^ \t\n]+		{ in_included_text = 0; process_token (yytext); }
X.			;	/* Eat anything that escaped */
X\n			;
X\n		;
X.			;
X\n			;
Xextern int optind;
Xextern char *optarg;
X * hashtab is a hash table storing all the tokens we encounter.
X */
Xstruct htentry {
X    char *htext;
X    struct htentry *hlink;
X HSIZE 3557		/* Should be prime */
X Fprintf (void)fprintf
X Printf (void)printf
Xstruct htentry hashtab[HSIZE];
X * node and succnode are portions of the big structure we're going to build.
X * node represents something like ("was", "a") in a binary tree.
X * a linked list of succnodes contain tokens that may follow ("was", "a")
X */
Xstruct node {
X    char *text;
X    char *text2;
X    int ocount;
X    struct node *lc, *rc;
X    struct succnode *succ;
Xstruct succnode {
X    struct node *scnod;
X    int    count;
X    struct succnode *link;
Xstruct node *prev_code = NULL;
Xchar *prev_token = NULL, **Argv;
Xint init_state = HDR;
Xint verbose = 0;
Xstruct node *root = NULL, *tknptr;
Xstruct succnode *start = NULL;
Xint n_pairs = 0, n_tokens = 0, n_files = 0, n_total = 0;
Xstruct node *insert_token();
Xchar *savetoken();
Xprocess_token (txt)
Xchar *txt;
X     struct node *code;
X     char *token = savetoken (txt);
X/* We have a new token.  Say the previous two tokens were "one" "way"
X * and the current token is "to".  Then prev_code points to a node
X * for ("one", "way") and token is "to".  This function adds ("way", "to") as a
X * successor to ("one","way") and makes prev_code point to ("way","to").
X */
X     code = insert_token (prev_token, token);
X     insert_pair (prev_code, code);
X     prev_code = code;
X     prev_token = token;
X     return;
X * here it is, the main function.
X */
Xmain (argc, argv)
Xint argc;
Xchar  **argv;
X    int     i, c, n_articles = 10, sflag = 0;
X    char *dumpfile = NULL;
X    extern int  optind;
X    extern char *optarg;
X    while ((c = getopt (argc, argv, "pxvn:d:s:")) != EOF) {
X	switch (c) {
X	    case 'v':
X		verbose = 1;
X		break;
X	    case 'p':		/* Input is plain text, not Usenet stuff */
X		init_state = BODY;
X		break;
X	    case 'n': 		/* # articles to generate */
X		n_articles = atoi (optarg);
X		break;
X	    case 'd':		/* where to dump the data structure */
X		dumpfile = optarg;
X		break;
X	    case 's':		/* Set the seed for rand; fall through */
X		srand (atoi (optarg));
X	    case 'x':		/* set flag to prevent srand */
X		sflag++;
X		break;
X	    default:
X		Fprintf (stderr,
X		 "Usage: markov3 [-pvx] [-s seed] [-n n_art] [-d dump] files\n");
X		exit (1);
X	}
X    }
X    BEGIN init_state;		/* initial state of lexical analyzer */
X    if (!sflag)			/* set random number generator */
X	srand ((int)time ((time_t *)0));
X/* Note: if optind == argc, there are no file arguments.  yyin is left
X * initialized to stdin.
X */
X    if (optind < argc) {
X/* yyin is lex input stream.  Point to first file. */
X	if ((yyin = fopen (argv[optind], "r")) == NULL) {
X	    perror (argv[optind]);
X	    exit (1);
X	}
X	optind++;		/* skip to next file */
X    }
X    Argv = argv;		/* make it global so yywrap can access it */
X    n_files = 1;
X/* yylex puts all the input files through the lexical analyzer and builds
X * the database.
X */
X    (void) yylex ();
X    if (dumpfile)
X	dump_database (dumpfile);
X    if (verbose)
X	Fprintf (stderr,
X	 "Total of %d tokens (%d different), %d different pairs, %d files\n",
X		n_total, n_tokens, n_pairs, n_files);
X/* Generate the articles, separated by form feeds */
X    for (i = 0; i < n_articles; i++) {
X	if (i > 0) output_word ("\n\f\n");
X	generate_article ();
X    }
X    return 0;
X * Lex calls this when EOF is reached.  It opens the next file if there
X * is one.  Lex interprets a return value of 1 to mean "all done" and 0
X * to mean "keep going".
X */
Xyywrap () {
X    (void) fclose (yyin);
X    insert_pair (prev_code, (struct node *)0);
X    prev_code = NULL;
X    if (Argv[optind] == NULL) return 1;
X    else if ((yyin = fopen (Argv[optind], "r")) == NULL) {
X	perror (Argv[optind]);
X	exit (1);
X    }
X    optind++;
X    in_included_text = 0;
X    if (verbose && n_files % 10 == 0)
X	Fprintf (stderr, "%d files\n", n_files);
X    n_files++;
X    BEGIN init_state;
X    return 0;
X * This function saves a token in the hash table (if it isn't there
X * already) and returns a pointer to the stored copy.
X */
Xchar *
Xsavetoken (txt)
Xchar *txt;
X    int h;
X    char *p;
X    struct htentry *hp;
X    n_total++;
X    for (p = txt, h = 0; *p; h += *p++);
X    hp = hashtab + (h % HSIZE);
X    while (hp->hlink) {
X	if (strcmp (hp->htext, txt) == 0) {
X	    return hp->htext;
X	}
X	hp = hp->hlink;
X    }
X/* OK, it's a new token.  Make hp->hlink point to a new,
X * null block and make hp->htext point to the text.
X */
X    hp->hlink = (struct htentry *) malloc (sizeof *hp);
X    hp->htext = malloc ((unsigned)(strlen (txt) + 1));
X    (void) strcpy (hp->htext, txt);
X    hp->hlink->hlink = NULL;
X    hp->hlink->htext = NULL;
X    n_tokens++;
X    return hp->htext;
X * This recursive function inserts a token pair into the tree.
X */
Xstruct node *
Xinsert_in_tree (p, txt, txt2)
Xstruct node *p;
Xchar *txt, *txt2;
X    int cmp;
X    if (p == NULL) {
X/* Create a new node. */
X	p = (struct node *) malloc (sizeof *p);
X	p->text = txt;
X	p->text2 = txt2;
X	p->lc = p->rc = NULL;
X	p->succ = NULL;
X	p->ocount = 1;
X	tknptr = p;
X	n_pairs++;
X	if (verbose && n_pairs % 1000 == 0)
X	    Fprintf (stderr, "%d pairs\n", n_pairs);
X	return p;
X    }
X    cmp = my_strcmp (p->text, txt);
X    if (cmp == 0) cmp = my_strcmp (p->text2, txt2);
X    if (cmp == 0) {
X/* It's a match.  Increment the count. */
X        tknptr = p;
X	p->ocount += 1;
X    }
X/* Look in the subtrees. */
X    else if (cmp < 0) p->lc = insert_in_tree (p->lc, txt, txt2);
X    else p->rc = insert_in_tree (p->rc, txt, txt2);
X    return p;
X * This just calls insert_in_tree starting at the root
X */
Xstruct node *
Xinsert_token (txt, txt2)
Xchar *txt,*txt2;
X    root = insert_in_tree (root, txt, txt2);
X    return tknptr;
X * This function adds a successor.
X */
Xstruct succnode *
Xinsert_in_succ_chain (sp, np)
Xstruct succnode *sp;
Xstruct node *np;
X    if (sp == NULL) {
X	sp = (struct succnode *) malloc (sizeof *sp);
X	sp->scnod = np;
X	sp->count = 1;
X	sp->link = NULL;
X    }
X    else if (sp->scnod == np)
X	sp->count += 1;
X    else sp->link = insert_in_succ_chain (sp->link, np);
X    return sp;
X * This calls insert_in_succ_chain starting at the right place.
X */
Xinsert_pair (p1, p2)
Xstruct node *p1, *p2;
X    if (p1) p1->succ = insert_in_succ_chain (p1->succ, p2);
X    else start = insert_in_succ_chain (start, p2);
X * This function dumps the stored data structure onto a file.
X * Now if only I had a function to read it back in.
X */
Xchar *
Xpr_token (txt)
Xchar *txt;
X    if (txt[0] != '\n')
X	return txt;
X    return txt[1] ? "" : "";
Xtreedump (tree, fp)
Xstruct node *tree;
XFILE *fp;
X    if (tree) {
X	treedump (tree->rc, fp);
X	Fprintf (fp, "( %s %s ) %d", pr_token (tree->text),
X			pr_token (tree->text2), tree->ocount);
X	chaindump (tree->succ, fp);
X	treedump (tree->lc, fp);
X    }
X * Subroutine of treedump; it does one row.
X */
Xchaindump (p, fp)
Xstruct succnode *p;
XFILE *fp;
X    char   *text;
X    while (p) {
X	if (p->scnod == NULL)
X	    text = "";
X	else text = pr_token (p->scnod->text2);
X	Fprintf (fp, " %s %d", text, p->count);
X	p = p->link;
X    }
X    putc ('\n', fp);
X * This routine generates the dump file (-d option)
X */
Xdump_database (file)
Xchar *file;
X    FILE *fp = fopen (file, "w");
X    if (fp == NULL) {
X	Fprintf (stderr, "markov: can't open ");
X	perror (file);
X	exit (1);
X    }
X    Fprintf (fp, "START:");
X    chaindump (start, fp);
X    treedump (root, fp);
X/* roll (n) generates a uniformly distributed rv between 0 and n-1.
X * This code is stolen from "hack" and should be portable.  If you
X * change this, remember that different systems have rand functions
X * with different ranges, and the bottom bits are often no good.
X */
X roll(n) ((rand() >> 3) % n)
X * This function generates an article by traversing the
X * structure we've built.
X */
Xgenerate_article () {
X    struct succnode *p = start;
X    int ncounts = n_files;
X    int n, accum;
X    char *tp;
X    while (1) {
X/* Roll the dice to find out the next token.  The code below selects the
X * next token, and the new state, with a probability corresponding to the
X * frequency in the input.
X */
X	n = roll (ncounts);
X	accum = p->count;
X	while (accum <= n && p->link) {
X	    p = p->link;
X	    accum += p->count;
X	}
X	if (p->scnod == NULL)
X	    break;
X	tp = p->scnod->text2;
X/* Check for "end of story" */
X	if (tp == NULL)
X	    break;
X	output_word (tp);
X	ncounts = p->scnod->ocount;
X	p = p->scnod->succ;
X    }
X    output_word ("\n");	/* This will flush the buffer as well. */
X    return;
X * This version handles null strings *
X */
Xmy_strcmp (a, b)
Xregister char *a, *b;
X    if (a == NULL) return b ? -1 : 0;
X    if (b == NULL) return 1;
X    return strcmp (a, b);
X LEN 75
Xoutput_word (word)
Xchar *word;
X    static char line[LEN+1];
X    static int room = LEN;
X    int l;
X    if (word == NULL) return;
X    l = strlen (word);
X/* If word won't fit, or starts with \n, dump the current line */
X    if ((l >= room || word[0] == '\n') && line[0]) {
X	Printf ("%s\n", line);
X	line[0] = 0;
X	room = LEN;
X    }
X/* If word won't fit in the buffer or starts with \n, print it now */
X    if (l >= LEN)
X	Printf ("%s\n", word);
X    else if (word[0] == '\n')
X	Printf ("%s", word);
X/* Otherwise fill it in */
X    else {
X	(void)strcat (line, word);
X	(void)strcat (line, " ");
X	room -= (l + 1);
X    }
X    return;
  if test 11822 -ne `wc -c <'markov3.l'`; then
    echo shar: \"'markov3.l'\" unpacked with wrong size!
  fi
  # end of 'markov3.l'
echo shar: End of archive.
exit 0

@_date: 1995-12-01 03:00:33
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Netscape gives in to key escrow 
Speaking for myself, I wouldn't feel comfortable assuming that Clark's
priorities vis-a-vis correcting a handful of misquotes were as high as
I might want them to be.
So I wouldn't take this position (fun and full of righteous wrath though
it may be).  Instead I'd be optimistic and say "he hasn't gotten around
to it yet."  Just as I figure Elvis will eventually tell all those tabloids
that he and JFK were playing cards with Hoffa in Bimini all these many years.

@_date: 1995-11-07 04:40:41
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: censored? corrected [Steve Pizzo cited in The Spotlight] 
No.  DNS was created because the management of everyone editing and
downloading one huge file was just falling apart.  The Arpanet always
used names instead of numbers.  Moving hosts around was always possible.
CIDR doesn't affect that fact that if nntp.com switches, say, to BBN Planet
then I will have to get a new address.  CIDR just says you can route based
on smaller/larger granularity than IP Network Address classes.
There is no connection.  Using names instead of numbers is good.  It
does bring up an interesting philosophical question about where the
True Name really is.  And how DNS must be part of your TCB unless/until
you have end-to-end mutual authentication.

@_date: 1995-11-16 20:21:33
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Java & Netscape security  [NOISE] 
Why do people some to insist on telling the list when the killfile
someone?  Overall, isn't that just adding to the crap one has to
sift through?

@_date: 1995-12-02 17:11:15
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: GAK, Netscape, CyberDog, and you. 
Please stop this habit of cross-posting to every mailing list; 999 times
out of a thousand the resultant discussion helps neither list.  And my god,
five lists this time, at least some of which have over a thousand readers?
NB:  Followups redirected.

@_date: 1995-12-15 18:16:38
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  OSF security announcement 
There are two or three dce-web folks on this list, so if anyone has questions
after reading the web pages ( drop me a line
or post.

@_date: 1995-12-18 14:12:08
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: IETF draft on data protection via crypto API 
A Revised Internet-Draft is available from the on-line Internet-Drafts directories. This draft is a work item of the Common Authentication Technology Working Group of the IETF.                                             Title     : Independent Data Unit Protection Generic Security                    Service Application Program Interface  (IDUP-GSS-API)          Author(s) : C. Adams
       Filename  : draft-ietf-cat-idup-gss-03.txt
       Pages     : 35
       Date      : 12/14/1995
The IDUP-GSS-API extends the GSS-API [RFC-1508] for applications requiring protection of a generic data unit (such as a file or message) in a way which is independent of the protection of any other data unit and independent of any concurrent contact with designated "receivers" of the data unit.  Thus, it is suitable for applications such as secure electronic
mail where data needs to be protected without any on-line connection with the intended recipient(s) of that data.  Subsequent to being protected, the
data unit can be transferred to the recipient(s) - or to an archive - perhaps to be processed ("unprotected") only days or years later.          Internet-Drafts are available by anonymous FTP.  Login with the username
"anonymous" and a password of your e-mail address.  After logging in,
type "cd internet-drafts" and then
     "get draft-ietf-cat-idup-gss-03.txt".
A URL for the Internet-Draft is:
Internet-Drafts directories are located at:	
     o  Africa                                           Address:  ftp.is.co.za (196.4.160.8)	
     o  Europe                                           Address:  nic.nordu.net (192.36.148.17)	
        Address:  ftp.nis.garr.it (192.12.192.10)
     o  Pacific Rim                                      Address:  munnari.oz.au (128.250.1.21)	
     o  US East Coast                                    Address:  ds.internic.net (198.49.45.10)	
     o  US West Coast                                    Address:  ftp.isi.edu (128.9.0.32)  	
Internet-Drafts are also available by mail.	
Send a message to:  mailserv In the body type:      "FILE /internet-drafts/draft-ietf-cat-idup-gss-03.txt".
NOTE: The mail server at ds.internic.net can return the document in
      MIME-encoded form by using the "mpack" utility.  To use this
      feature, insert the command "ENCODING mime" before the "FILE"
      command.  To decode the response(s), you will need "munpack" or
      a MIME-compliant mail reader.  Different MIME-compliant mail readers
      exhibit different behavior, especially when dealing with
      "multipart" MIME messages (i.e., documents which have been split
      up into multiple messages), so check your local documentation on
      how to manipulate these messages.
For questions, please mail to Internet-Drafts

@_date: 1995-12-20 07:05:18
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Please help 
Please help.  Somehow, someone signed up the "cypherpunks" mailing
list to your "ZD Net Update" electronic newsletter.  Our mailing list,
with over a thousand members, is for the discussion of cryptography
and technical means of achieving privacy and anonymity in the
emergent digital world.
There is some overlap between your publication and our mailing list,
which is why some well-meaning individual "signed us up."  It's pretty
slight, however, and interested parties can sign up individually.
So, please remove cypherpunks from your mailing list.  As
always, if you ahve questions about the propriety of this, you can
follow the internet conventions of writing to postmaster
to double-check.

@_date: 1995-12-28 12:20:05
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Some IETF drafts possibly of interest 
Internet-Drafts are available by anonymous FTP to ds.internic.net in the
directory internet-drafts.  Other places, too -- don't ask me, tho; for
questions, please mail to Internet-Drafts
The first two seem interesting even if SKIP has no future in IPng.
The last is useful because I keep pushing GSSAPI as a standard crypto
API. :)
       Title     : Encoding of an Unsigned Diffie-Hellman Public Value            Author(s) : A. Aziz, T. Markson, H. Prafullchandra
       Filename  : draft-ietf-ipsec-skip-udh-00.txt
       Pages     : 6
       Date      : 12/22/1995
It is useful to be able to communicate public keys in the absence of a certificate hierarchy and a signature infrastructure.  This document describes a method by which certificates which communicate Diffie-Hellman public values and parameters may be encoded and securely named.                   Title     : Certificate Discovery Protocol                                 Author(s) : A. Aziz, T. Markson, H. Prafullchandra
       Filename  : draft-ietf-ipsec-cdp-00.txt
       Pages     : 13
       Date      : 12/22/1995
Use of Public key cryptography is becoming widespread on the Internet in such applications as electronic mail and IP Security (IPSEC).  Currently, however, a common public key certificate infrastructure does not exist which is interoperable with other systems and ubiquitous.  In light of this, we describe a protocol which may be used to exchange or retrieve certificates (essentially signed public keys) with or from another entity. The protocol may be used to request certificates from a directory/name server or from the entity who owns the certificate.                               Title     : The Simple Public-Key GSS-API Mechanism (SPKM)                 Author(s) : C. Adams
       Filename  : draft-ietf-cat-spkmgss-05.txt
       Pages     : 42
       Date      : 12/22/1995
This specification defines protocols, procedures, and conventions to be employed by peers implementing the Generic Security Service Application Program Interface (as specified in RFCs 1508 and 1509) when using the Simple Public-Key Mechanism.

@_date: 1995-12-30 12:59:44
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: http://www.gsa.gov/irms/ki/sipmo.htm 
As many of you probably already know, the US Postal Service is creating
a national public-key infrastructure for individuals (I've never heard
any mention of Corporate identities, not to say that there won't be any).
A few weeks ago the General Services Agency of the US Gov't had an open
working session of their Security Infrastructure Program Management Office
(SIPMO).  At that session they announced a pilot program for electronic
filing of federal tax returns, using the USPS infrastructure.
The URL in the subject line has not yet been updated to discuss the pilot;
right now it is basically an overview of SIPMO.
Anyone know more?

@_date: 1995-12-04 13:29:39
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Meeting notes from ANSI X.9 Meeting on Electronic Payment 
I didn't go to the meeting.  On the other hand, I notice Cybercash people
in influential positions on the comittee.  I'd also contact

@_date: 1995-12-05 15:52:24
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  NIST GAK export meeting, short version 
Anything that uses cryptography absolutely and positively *must* support
multiple cryptographic protocols.  Tag every RPC, transaction, method
invocation, what-have-you with some indicator that indicates not only
"encrypted" but "encrypted via method 2".  Allow customers to specify
policy, at least via an environment variable such as
where the online documentation says
Design open, extensible architectures with public registries and protocol

@_date: 1995-12-06 13:18:46
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Solution for US/Foreign Software? 
You would not be allowed to export a browser where the crypto library is
a dynamically-loaded library.
If you wrote a "browser toolkit", you would have to take special care to
hide even the names of the crypto functions in the library symbol table.
If you want to do offshore crypto development, your best bet is to document
the required interfaces and protocols in a publication which is available to
anyone, as this is supposedly protected by the First Amendment.
On the other hand, I encourage you to try to do otherwise.

@_date: 1995-12-19 17:28:54
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  King Kong Does e$ 
A reference for Mark's paper on Millicent is
    The Millicent
Of all the various payment protocols I've seen, this was one of the few
that studied the available protocol bandwidth before designing a protocol.
Folks with an engineering slant should appreciate the work here.
I would be VERY interested in URL's and summaries of Micali's talk.
(I really wanted to go but after spending most of the week at the WWW4
conference I had to commit serious time to being anchored to the office.)

@_date: 1995-12-20 18:03:07
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: The Problem With Blaze And Weinstein 
Actually, if you discount Lincoln Labs, not really.

@_date: 1996-01-03 12:17:25
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: altavista.digital.com 
those who think public mailing lists and Usenet are one-time pads. :)

@_date: 1996-01-05 05:34:39
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: CACM Jan 96 "Inside Risks" column 
Peter G. Neumann has a very good column this month on risks and the
"worldwide rush [to] digital commerce."  Summarizes problems with our
infrastructure, gives some concrete examples, and discusses importance of
privacy as a commodity, and how "We need, among other things, ...  consistent
use of good cryptography in operating systems and application software."

@_date: 1996-01-13 04:28:13
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Boston talk on offshore banks 
I heard an ad on the radio for a free seminar on how to protect your assets
using off-shore banks.  I forget who the speaker is, I think they're with
the English-Irish bank in Austria, or something like that.  The thrust
was to save assets for when you retire and Social Security isn't there
for you.
I'm posting this since off-shore banking touches on privacy issues
and comes up here now and then.
Two dates, Jan 17 (Newton, MA) or Jan 18 (Burlington, MA).
Call 617 663 3299 for more info.

@_date: 1996-01-17 21:17:50
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  remarkable recent stories 
Several times I have heard NSA staffers talk about securing our
secrets vs. reading theirs.  It seems that right now the first
side is "winning."

@_date: 1996-01-24 01:36:15
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
That won't work -- they gotta hire non-US persons to do the work.

@_date: 1996-01-25 18:07:52
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Hack Java 
This illustrates the difference between a language with no dangerous
constructs, and one where you must trust the implementation.

@_date: 1996-01-26 10:16:35
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
The Kerberos bones release:
It was done by using "unifdef -DNOENCRYPTION" as a filter over all the sources.

@_date: 1996-01-27 09:12:32
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  Crypto Exports, Europe, and Conspiracy Theories 
I believe that one minor reason is the PKP chokehold on public-key patents.
It has slowed down adoption within the US, and the RSA licenses for example
tend to get very "interesting" when it involves places where their patents
don't hold.
Last year, how many COTS products had strong crypto? There are very few
software imports into the US.  I don't think crypto is particularly
There might be pressure, and there might be dummy front firms, but with
tongue in cheek to emphasize the point, I just think those ferriners
can't code fer shit.

@_date: 1996-01-25 11:27:36
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
Right.  However, if you call things like "keysize" as oposed to "state"
then they will look askance.
On a case-by-case basis.

@_date: 1996-01-25 12:57:45
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: NSA advanced knowledge 
Is there any indication that the NSA knew about public-key before
it entered the open literature?

@_date: 1996-01-25 14:02:02
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
No it's not a conspiracy.  But they will not normally allow you to
export such source.

@_date: 1996-01-26 00:34:45
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
Yes.  That's why an API that supported generic data transforms and
that included compression and for non-export encryption would be a useful
thing.  I have a start toward such an API definition that I will email to
anyone who might wanna finish it off.  I started doing it around the time
that Raph talked about his per-user crypto server.
They define a hook.  They define it on a case-by-case basis.  "They" is
the Office of Defence Trade Controls, in conjunction with their consulting
experts primarily people in the department of Export Control at the NSA.
Luckily the ITAR talks about willful violations.

@_date: 1996-01-26 15:05:31
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: TOP_tap 
The NSA is a branch of the DOD.
Up until recently (18-30 months ago) NSA employees were only allowed
to identify themselves as employees of DoD.  It was common knowledge,
that unspecific references to Fort Meade meant NSA; and if you saw
a P.O. from Procurement Office, Fort Meade, it meant the NSA was buying

@_date: 1996-01-27 16:59:23
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: "Gentlemen do not read each other's mail" 
You're too smart to really believe this.  Or do you have some way
for a foreign gov't to know that *this* call is about a murder while
*that* call is about a CIA-sponsored hit against Castro?

@_date: 1996-01-28 02:12:02
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Open NNTP servers and logging 
Most NNTP sites run INN, the software I wrote.  (You can find out by
doing "telnet {the_news_host} 119" and then looking to see if it says
InterNetNews in the greeting line.)  By default, INN logs every group
command -- every time you switch to a newsgroup.  It logs the full IP
address of the client.  If it can forward-and-backward map the IP address
to a hostname (i.e., ipaddr->host and then gethsotbyname() includes ipaddr
as one of the host's address) then it logs by client hostname.
It is trivial to turn on full logging at compile time, boot time, or
per-connection via a management program.  This will then log ALL interactions.
I could imagine that without too much work, someone would turn on logging
for a given set of addresses (say, anyone in the "default" category).
Every day INN generates a report that includes the host/ipaddr of every
host that connected, what the most popular newsgroup categories are, etc.
Hope this helps.  Relevance?  You're being watched.

@_date: 1996-01-30 10:34:54
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
No, Nathaniel, it is not.  You watch keystrokes and record the ones you're
interested in.  This technique has interesting possibilities, but all your
PR screaming won't make it anything more than what it is.
How interesting are these possibilities?  It's hard to say.  Don't run
software you don't trust.  Well, most of the people on this list probably
already know that.  I betcha a good-sized portion of the computer-using
populace knows this, but actively (or passively) defers the choice to
someone else.
You must trust something.  You folks trust the telephone (never gets
tapped, right) the postal service (of course mail never gets stolen) banks
or credit card companies (which never have problems).  And then, on top
of that foundation of sand you build a commerce system with MIME and
SMTP (sendmail is the most bugfree program ever written).
I used to think you were aggressive techies, now you're just greedy
bastards who will seemingly stop at nothing; Stef's blatant attempts
to ensure MIME's use in IETF-PAY was not an exception, but the first
You make me sorry I invented safe-tcl and made FV possible.

@_date: 1996-01-30 17:12:29
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit 
There are zillions (what, more than one thousand?) ways to get someone
to run a random piece of software that will capture their keystrokes?
I don't believe you.  Name six.

@_date: 1996-01-31 00:33:28
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Need testing help 
I need some help testing my rewrite of mixmaster.
It is four separate programs (keygen, user-agent, queue process, daemon
reception) writting in portable ANSI C (gcc -Wxxxx is silent).  It
does not include RSAREF, but has a sane makefile for it if you need.
It uses autoconf.  It has some bugs.
If you're in the US, drop me a line.
Is decrypt-only software okay to export?  If so, then I have an
export version, too.

@_date: 1996-01-30 21:59:04
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Delusional 
You're disagreeing that I invented safe-tcl?  You disagree that I sent
you and Ousterhout the very first message that said I want to strip out
the dangerous commands?  That I created the mailing list and then gave it
up becuase you and Rose "took over" the concept while only releasing a
safe-Tk, leaving off the embeddeable server part? Must we go to the
archives?  You're disagreeing that without enabled mail FV would probably
not have happened?
IF so, then one of us is delusional and it's not me, kiddo.
Replies to this message will be ignored.
PS:  Sorry C-P folks.  In penance for this off-topic probably-uneeded
defense against Nathaniel's attack, I will compare the Usenet RC2
against the licensed code and tell you what I find.  -r$

@_date: 1996-01-31 23:31:06
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Lotus Notes 
Hunh?  I could find no mention of keylength or keysize in the RSAREF
documents I had around.  I'm at home now, but I also recall no mention
of keysize or keylength in the license OSF has, either.

@_date: 1996-01-31 23:29:06
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Lotus Notes 
RSA, of course.  I don't know the arrangements of RSA's license with
Lotus, of course, but where did someone say that RSA mandated the
keylength that Lotus uses?

@_date: 1996-02-02 03:05:37
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Lotus Notes 
Thanks for the explanation -- in all my discussion with RSA and
explanation to our lawyers I was thinking strictly API.  Your
quote of the RSAREF license says they won't refuse anythign reasonable,
and one would be hard-pressed to say that changing keysize for something
already not exportable isn't reasonable.
I'll have to read our license when I get to work tomorrow.

@_date: 1996-02-01 12:05:13
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: RE: No FV supporters? 
Thanks for the compliment.  I never trashed FV or its protocols, as I
don't know anything about them.  I did comment on some of the principles of
their principals, however, as this whole brou-ha-ha strikes me as a
continuing slide to technical-intellectual dishonesty.

@_date: 1996-01-15 12:03:56
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: c'punks at RSA conference 
I'll be there Thursday.  I'm giving the talk scheduled to have been given
by Tom Klejna.  I'll be talking about DCE security architecture and
future directions and how public key fits in.  Red-eye flight back east.

@_date: 1996-01-22 20:35:21
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Random noise from disk drives 
Don Davis  has done some interesting/important/widely-referenced work on
using disk latencies as a random number source.  We were talking about
some of his techniques, and he kindly gave me permission to forward along
his email.  He's not on the list, so I cc'd him.
---egassem dedrawrof--------------------

@_date: 1996-02-02 09:09:47
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  RC2 Source Code - Legal Warning from RSADSI 
Once lost, trade secret can never be regained.  The person(s) responsible
can be sued so they never work again :), but it's unclear if RSA can
stop anyone using unpublished trade-secret source.
At any rate, I'll stop my comparison of the distributed RC2 and the licensed RC2 since RSA's done it for us. :)

@_date: 1996-02-06 07:56:28
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: IEEE Security Symposium Program 
I'm distributing a copy of this year's program to members of these
security-oriented WG mailing lists as a means of "getting the word out" to
individuals who may be interested in attending this sort of conference.  As
the chair of the former PEM WG, and current co-chair of the PKI WG, I feel
that this announcement is appropriate for these lists, and I hope my fellow
IPSEC WG members agree that it is appropriate for that list as well.  I
apologize in advance for those of you who, like me, will receive multiple
copies of this announcement.
1996 IEEE SYMPOSIUM ON SECURITY AND PRIVACY                    _/_/
                                                            _/    _/
                                                           _/           _/
May 6-8, 1996                                                _/_/    _/_/_/
The Claremont Resort,                                           _/    _/
Oakland, California                                       _/   _/
                                                           _/_/
Sponsored by the                                                  _/_/_/
IEEE Technical Committee on Security and Privacy                 _/   _/
In cooperation with the                                         _/   _/
International Association of Cryptologic Research              _/_/_/
                                                              _/
Symposium Committee                                          _/
Dale M. Johnson, General Chair                                    _/_/_/  _/_/
Stephen Kent, Vice Chair                                        _/   _/ _/
John McHugh, Program Co-Chair                                  _/   _/ _/
George W. Dinolt, Program Co-Chair                             _/_/_/ _/_/_/
                                                                  _/ _/   _/
                        PRELIMINARY PROGRAM                      _/ _/   _/
                         Subject to Change                      _/   _/_/
MONDAY, MAY 6
08:30-09:00  WELCOMING REMARKS:  Dale Johnson and John McHugh
09:00-10:30  PANEL:  Object Management Group CORBA Security Standard
                Moderator:  Terry Benzel
                Participants:  TBA
10:30-11:00  BREAK
11:00-12:00  COVERT CHANNELS
             An Analysis of the Timed Z-Channel
                Ira S. Moskowitz, Steven J. Greenwald, Myong H. Kang
             Defining Noninterference in the Temporal Logic of Actions
                Todd Fine
12:00-13:30  LUNCH
13:30-15:00  PANEL:  Goals for Computer Security Education
                Cynthia Irvine, Chair
                Leslie Chalmers
                Karl Levitt
                Steven F. Barnett
                Jim Schindler
                Roger R. Schell
15:00-15:30  BREAK
15:30-17:00  FIVE-MINUTE RESEARCH TALKS SESSION
             Submissions in the form of one-page ASCII abstracts
             due by email to mchugh no later
             than 2 April 1996. See              for more information.
             Abstracts to be distributed at the conference.
18:00-19:30  RECEPTION
TUESDAY, MAY 7
09:00-10:30  DOMAIN SPECIFIC SECURITY
             Security for Medical Information Systems
                Ross Anderson
             Discussion
                Discussants TBA
10:30-11:00  BREAK
11:00-12:00  PROTOCOLS
             Entity Authentication
                Dieter Gollmann
             A Fair Non-repudiation Protocol
                Jianying Zhou, Dieter Gollmann
             Limitations on Design Principles for Public Key Protocols
                Paul Syverson
12:00-13:30  LUNCH
13:30-15:00  DATABASES
             Ensuring Atomicity of Multilevel Transactions
                Paul Ammann, Sushil Jajodia, Indrakshi Ray
             View-Based Access Control with High Assurance
                Xiaolei Qian
             Supporting Multiple Access Control Policies in Database Systems
                Elisa Bertino, Sushil Jajodia, Pierangela Samarati
15:00-15:30  BREAK
15:30-17:00  BIOLOGICALLY INSPIRED TOPICS IN COMPUTER SECURITY
             An Immunological Approach to Change Detection: Algorithms,
             Analysis, and Implications
                Patrik D'Haeseleer, Stephanie Forrest, Paul Helman
             A Sense of Self for UNIX Processes
                Stephanie Forrest, Steven A. Hofmeyr, Anil Somayaji,
                Thomas A. Longstaff
             Cryptovirology: Extortion Based Security Threats and
                Adam Young, Moti Yung
17:30-19:30  TECHNICAL COMMITTEE MEETING
WEDNESDAY, MAY 8
09:00-10:30  MODELING
             A Security Model of Dynamic Labeling Providing a Tiered Approach to
             Verification
                Simon Foley, Li Gong, Xiaolei Qian
             A Communication Agreement Framework of Access Control
                Martin Roscheisen, Terry Winograd
             Decentralized Trust Management
                Matt Blaze, Joan Feigenbaum, Jack Lacy
             Security Properties and CSP
                Steve Schneider
10:30 11:00  BREAK
11:00 12:30  NETWORKS
             Security Flaws in the HotJava Web Browser
                Drew Dean, Dan S. Wallach
             On Two Proposals for On-line Credit-card Payments using Open
             Networks: Problems and Solutions
                Wenbo Man
             Secure Network Objects
                Leendert van Doorn, Martin Abadi, Mike Burrows, Edward Wobber
             Run-Time Security Evaluation (RTSE) for Distributed Applications
                Cristina Serban, B. McMillin
12:30 12:45  CONCLUDING REMARKS
12:45        SYMPOSIUM ADJOURNS
1996 IEEE SYMPOSIUM ON RESEARCH IN SECURITY AND PRIVACY              _/_/
                                                                  _/    _/
                   REGISTRATION FORM                             _/          _/
                                                                   _/_/   _/_/_/
          Name:_______________________________________________       _/    _/
                                                               _/   _/
   Affiliation:_______________________________________________  _/_/
                                                                    _/_/_/
Postal Address:_______________________________________________     _/   _/
                                                                  _/   _/
               _______________________________________________   _/_/_/
                                                                _/
               _______________________________________________ _/
                                                                  _/_/_/  _/_/
         Phone:_______________________________________________  _/   _/ _/
                                                               _/   _/ _/
           Fax:_______________________________________________ _/_/_/ _/_/_/
                                                                  _/ _/   _/
         Email:_______________________________________________   _/ _/   _/
                                                                _/   _/_/
Note:  Address information will be distributed to attendees.
Please enter the appropriate registration category.  Payment must be included
and must be by credit card or by check in U.S. dollars, drawn on a U.S. bank,
made payable to "IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy."  Dates are strictly
enforced by postmark.
  Advance registration (up to 29 March 1996)
     ___   Member of the IEEE (Member # ____________, required)........$310.00
     ___   Non-Member..................................................$385.00
     ___   Full-time Student...........................................$100.00
  Late registration (from 30 March 1996)
     ___   Member of the IEEE (Member # ____________, required)........$370.00
     ___   Non-Member..................................................$460.00
     ___   Full-time Student...........................................$100.00
Do you wish to present at a poster session or lead an evening discussion?
                                                               [ ] Yes  [ ] No
Do you have any special requirements?_________________________________________
Please indicate your method of payment by checking the appropriate box:
  [ ] Check in U.S. funds drawn on a U.S. bank (PLEASE ENCLOSE WITH THIS FORM)
  Credit card authorization:
  (Charges will appear on your statement as made by IEEE COMPUTER SOCIETY)
         Visa        MasterCard      American Express     Diners Club
         [ ]            [ ]                [ ]                [ ]
  Credit Card Number:_________________________________________________________
  Card Holder Name:______________________________Expiration Date:_____________
  Signature:__________________________________________________________________
Mail registration to:                     Or FAX this form (CREDIT CARD
        Stephen Kent                      REGISTRATIONS ONLY) to:
        BBN Corporation                   FAX:    +1 617 873-4086
        MS 13/2A                          VOICE:  +1 617 873-6328
        70 Fawcett Street
        Cambridge, MA 02140
Five-Minute Research Talks Session
At the 1995 Symposium a session of five-minute research talks was held for the
first time.  These proved very popular, so there will be another session this
year.  It is being held on Monday to give attendees more opportunities to
contact the presenters during the rest of the conference.  If you are interested
in presenting a five-minute talk, please submit a one-page abstract in ASCII
format by email to mchugh no later than 2 April 1996.  See
 for more information.  Abstracts to be distributed
at the conference.  Please note that the five-minute time limit will be strictly
Evening Sessions
The 1996 IEEE Symposium on Research in Security and Privacy will accommodate
poster sessions and evening discussions.  There will be rooms with blackboards
and bulletin boards for interested parties to post presentations on work in
progress, recent research results, and innovative proposals, or to lead
discussions on topics of current interest.  These rooms will be available Monday
and Tuesday, May 6 and 7, from 8 p.m. to midnight.  If you are interested in
posting a presentation or organizing a discussion on a particular topic, please
indicate so on the registration form.
Hotel Reservations - The Claremont Resort
The Claremont Resort in Oakland, California is 20 minutes from San Francisco and
just over an hour from Napa Valley.  It is situated in the Oakland-Berkeley
hills overlooking the San Francisco Bay on 22 acres of beautifully landscaped
lawns and gardens.  Facilities include the Claremont Pool and Tennis Club and
The Spa at the Claremont.
Oakland Airport is 14 miles from the hotel, or attendees may choose to fly into
San Francisco and rent a car.  SuperShuttle (+1 510 268-8700) provides service
from the San Francisco Airport or the Oakland Airport to the Claremont Resort.
The charge is $15 from Oakland Airport and $18 from San Francisco Airport, per
person one way.  Parking is available at the hotel at a cost of $8 per day for
guests and a maximum of $9 per day for non-guests.
Hotel reservations must be made under the group name IEEE Symposium on Security
and Privacy.  The group rate is $102 single, $114 double occupancy, plus 11%
tax.  The cut-off date for reservations is Saturday, April 6, 1996.
Reservations made after this date will be accepted on a space available basis.
Reservations must be accompanied by an advance deposit or credit card guarantee.
You may cancel your individual reservations up to 72 hours prior to arrival,
after which your deposit becomes non-refundable.  Please be advised the check-in
time is after 3:00 p.m.; check-out is 12 noon.
For reservations and information, contact: The Claremont Resort, Ashby and
Domingo Avenues, Oakland, CA 94623-0363; Phone: +1 800 551-7266 (7 a.m. to
8:30 p.m., PST) or +1 510 843-3000; Fax: +1 510 549-8582.

@_date: 1996-02-07 00:36:56
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: attila sez 
You know what is on the sign of Honda dealerships in Paris?
Go figure.

@_date: 1996-02-10 08:32:36
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: http://www.aqui.ibm.com -- a "links" search engine 
I got email because I got linked to; this is the first I've heard of it.
AltaVista's upped the stakes on WWW data collection.  Apaprently aqui
(the spanish word for here) is a "link" database -- it lets you make
links and profile who would be interested in them.  You can register
(altho the intro page says "I wanna play anonymously" as a link) and
get links of interest to you.

@_date: 1996-02-12 12:05:37
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re: Strange Sounds of Silence 
It's not available online.  ISO specs are hardcopy (and hard currency :)

@_date: 1996-02-17 05:38:57
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: Re:  MS CryptoAPI (fwd) 
Okay, so how the hell did Microsoft get export approval for this? I mean,
this is the classic crypto-with-a-hole; a service-provider interface (SPI)
with DLL's means "plug your crypto here".  This is usually considered an
"anciliary" device in ITAR language, and therefore export controlled.  I
mean, how long until you see MSWord with "full privacy" option?
Word I've heard is that the office of Export Control has had a lot of
turnover and "nobody knows anything" anymore.  Anyone here any other good

@_date: 1996-02-15 00:11:59
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: I've just unsubscribed from cypherpunks 
Normally, when people post notices proclaiming "Jim, I'm putting you in
my killfile" or "I can't take it, you've ruined this list, I'm leaving!"
I think it's among the worst kind of petty egotism.  (To date myself,
Chuq's old "goodbye" postings are still the pinnacle of this for me.) It
makes me very uncomfortable to write the Subject line, but it is clear
and to the point; it makes things easier for would-be readers to decide
what to do.  And who said writing is supposed to be  asy, anyway? :)
Pot, kettle, guilty as charged, I suppose.  In my defense, however, I want
to explain that I've had many public exchanges with people on this list,
and this seems the most effective way to let them know that they will now
have to send me email directly.  In particular, if anyone has a rational
reply to my MS CAPI export issue, please Cc me.

@_date: 1996-08-01 04:07:30
@_author: Rich Salz 
@_subject: If you have Fortezza experience 
Please excuse the interruption.  If you have experience building software
that uses the Fortezza card, Murray Mazer at OSF would like to chat --
he's trying to scope out what would be involved in adding it to some
WWW work for an ARPA project.  (Yes, we already have the various Lock-step,
etc., documents from the NSA.)
Please respond to Murray directly.  By way of penance for sending email
to a list that I am not on, I offer a short page on exporting crypto
software,  that some might find useful.
