
@_date: 1994-12-08 10:02:38
@_author: Robert Seymour 
@_subject: Fixing Flash/ANSI Bomb/Terminal Screwup 
In the world according to Ben:
Flash/ANSI Bomb/terminal codes or just general screwups can be quite a pain.
Though the methods suggested above may work in some circumstances, they won't
work all the time. One method I have found to be quick and highly effective
is the following alias (shown from my bash rcfile, but you can easily
translate to other shells):
 This last one is a nifty little way to fix the terminal after being
 flashed or otherwise messed up by some program.  If your terminal is
 really screwed up, it may not be able to parse the return (^M) correctly.
 If so, use linefeed (^J), then type "sanity", then type another linefeed.
alias sanity='stty 500:5:96c:3b:0:3:1c:8:17:4:0:0:0:500:5:96c:8000003b:3:1c:8:17
(N.B.: make sure that is one line for the alias).  Unfortunately this does
assume that your terminal is at least semi-clued (i.e. minimal vt100 features,
but it should be able to get your back to a sane setup wherein you can re-
source your own rcfiles or set the terminal paramters yourself.  There is
also a script called unflash which will fix basic terminal codes attacks, but it is less robust (it just echos {esc}c {esc}0 and clears the screen,
which will end text properties but not neccesarily fix status lines and
other problems).
If you use it, let me know how this generalizes, its been quite stable in
my experience.  The real tough one to deal with is xterm, which can have
font properties set through escape codes, a well designed talk request,
terminal write, or irc bomb can make it entirely unintelligible and very
difficult to recover.  Get you admin to install a good fingerd/talkd
and/or use mesg n to prevent access in the first place.  There are several
around now which disallow terminal codes in the talk requesters id and
check IPs, etc.

@_date: 1995-01-17 19:49:47
@_author: Robert Seymour 
@_subject: Re: Known data havens for pirates? Doubtful 
In the world according to rishab
One of the major features of the Uraguay round of the GATT (General
Agreement on Tariffs and Trade) is a large revision of internation patent
and copyright law (which is currently de facto non-existent in many countries).  Intellectual copyrights are still somewhat vague in the
current agreement, but there will be a course for hearing through the
WTO (World Trade Organization).
In the case of Asian countries, APEC (Asian Pacific Economic Conference)
is laying out intellectual property right regulations for conference members (the US, Canada, and most of the Pacific Rim including China).
Though these agreements are still a long way from clearing up copyright
disputes and their enforcement remains dubious, they should help to stop such blatant infractions of copyright status.
Of course, one need not look to China for copyright violations, just take
a look at all the video tape pirates in New York or other cities ...
