
@_date: 1993-05-25 13:16:55
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: License plates 
Here in Florida, the information is supposed to be confidential.  Operation
Rescue (a group of fanatical Christians intent on harassing abortion clinics
and patients) has an employee in the DMV who snatches the number somehow,
however.  They now sit around in front of the clinics and jot down the
license numbers of patients and use their inside contact to find the name
and address of the patient and harass them.
ObRelation2Cypherpunks:  We are now trying to justify using the computer
privacy laws to prosecute specifically for the fact that the records are
being held electronically and Operation Rescue is illegally obtaining this
information and not going through proper channels.
Hugs and kisses,
    -Ryan
the barcode guy

@_date: 1993-05-31 20:51:16
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
I am glad to see some consideration of possible hypothetical future scenarios
here; it is important to have an eye for the future of things.
I think that building privacy into the architecture would be inherently dangerous, however, it is a perfect way for the people building the system
to oppress the users, all the while convincing them that the system is Clipper is a perfect example of this, anonymity is supposedly being built into
the system with the Clipper chip.  The trouble, of course, being the inherent
INsecurity--but consider how much more dangerous it would be if the
insecurities were not even known, yet we were expected to rely on the fact
that 'privacy and anonymity are built into the architecture'?
No, this is the perfect beginning for a system where the populace is
monitored with the argument that "if you had nothing to hide, you would
not be going out of your way to hide it, besides, the system has INHERENT,
BUILT-IN SECURITY...."
The only way to ensure your privacy is to seize it yourself.
There are a lot of ways to get a signal around the world without using a satellite, ask any amateur radio enthusiast.  Besides, the more diverse the
signal transmission methods are, the more difficult the signals will be
to both trace and interfere with.
I have always been kind of fascinated with the idea of a truly decentralized
system, much like the internet is today, where each node had
responsibilities to connect to the nodes around it, but the actual
interconnection was entirely up to the nodes involved, so that there could
be no standard, homogenous method of tracing connections.  A pair of nodes
could be connected by direct connection, hidden wires, satellite
connection, voice grade wires, ionosphere bounce, lunar bounce, repeated
packets, lasers, microwaves, IR, whatever...  This would provide a tight
net that would be almost impossible to control with heavyhanded
regulations and oppression.
If each node on the net had a seperate public key and all traffic
between nodes was decrypted coming in and encrypted going out to the next
node, aspiring Big Brothers would have even more of a headache.
Why is there not more work being done on encrypting all internode traffic
streams?  It doesn't seem too hard.
An aside:  has anyone dealt with the concept of on-the-fly encryption for
mass storage, kind of like the way the PCs can be 'stacked' or 'doubled'
or whatever with on-the-fly compression?  I was thinking about trying to
write some drivers for this for a 486 but I have never tried to write a
device driver before and was wondering if anyone might have any suggestions.
I was thinking of something along the lines of:  your entire drive is
encrypted with your public key.  That way people can send you files and
deposit files and all of that jazz no problem.  When you boot up the
system each time it asks you to insert a floppy with your private key on
it.  You would keep this floppy on you as if it were an actual, physical
key. (perhaps in the future PCMIA cards or something more durable and
portable can be used)  It asks for your password to verify your key and
loads that key somewhere into memory.  It then uses they key for the rest
of the session to decrypt everything coming from the specified mass
storage devices and encrypt everything going to them transparantly.
This seems like a great idea to me, my two problems that I was hoping
someone might be able to help me with are:
    1) these public key algorithms that we are working on are slow as
balls, any idea if this would be feasable, given how PC users like to
equate hard drive speed with penis size?
    2) it seems that having your private key hanging around somewhere in
memory the whole session would be horribly insecure, and would make it
very easy for someone to walk up to a running PC and run some program that
would snatch it from memory (assuming something like this catches on and
there are some standard programs out there that poeple become familiar
with) so how could I protect the key from getting filched from a running
system aside from the standard 'password protect your screen saver' and
other insecure hacks like that?
Hugs and kisses,
    -Ryan
the Barcode Guy

@_date: 1993-06-01 12:33:23
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
Well thanks for the advice, but you fergot to mention why...
I would be very interested in a card like this, if anyone can find one.
Another possibility until then, and one that would be fun for people who
like to play with EPROMS, is a card that had a cable leading to an external
EPROM socket that you could lay on your desk or on top of the case or wherever.  You burn your keys for the HD into a chip and use it as a key,
physically inserting the chip in the socket each time.  There are lots on new ways to make chips easy to plug in and out, I'm sure it wouldn't be too hard.
I still don't see why all of the actual encryption couldn't be done in software though...
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-01 21:34:12
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: CryptoStacker 
Thanks for all of the responses on my questions concerning the CryptoStacker
idea.  I am kind of sick of talking about it though, and so I went out
today and did some research on drivers and such.
I am planning to create a software implementation of a PGP driver starting
maybe tomorrow (I am being payed real dollars to write other code at the
moment) for on-the-fly HD encryption.  I haven't quite figured out how to
create a commercially distrubutable system yet, but there really is no
point sitting around arguing about this and that detail until somebody
actually goes out and tries it...
I have a feeling that this version will be slow as balls without hardware
support, but that's not really the problem, is it?  The main focus that I
have right now is making the thing work.
There have been lots of neat suggestions about multiple layers and
suchlike tooalso, which are all fine and dandy, but they kind of missed
the point: mainly what I am interested in is preventing access to the data
on my HD by anyone but ME, screw LANs and multi-user problems and all of
that, I just want to create a system whereby if the Secret Service busts
down my door tomorrow while I am not here to throw the drive across the
room, they will never be able to fetch out any incriminating evidence by
picking apart my system in some lab somewhere.  I can also see the
advantage of a business worrying about spying, or even government agencies
(wouldn't that be ironic) worrying about security and considering networks
Anyway, we can add bells and whistles like network support and multiple
layers and suchlike after we figure out how to get the basic engine to
work, right?
I have also seen everyone suggesting DES instead of PGP.  I suppose that
would really be a great idea for speed and suchlike, for some reason I was
kind of attached to the whole public key idea, but I suppose that would be
kind of close-to-worthless in this context, wouldn't it?
I suppose we are to the point where I can use some actual technical
advice, no need to reinvent the wheel, right?  If anyone has any
information of the overall architecture of projects like Stacker or
DoubleStor, I would appreciate the input.  I have used both in the past
and I am kind of leaning toward a system like DoubleStor (which maintains directory structures and such, but compresses each file in place) for
simplicity, but I am kind of hesitant to leave even a hint of the overall
structure of the disk laying around for prying eyes.  Trouble is, I don't
have much experience screwing around with the FAT and such so I wouldn't
want to do anything so bold as munching the entire disk into a single file
and suchlike.  Any ideas?
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-01 21:34:13
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Clipper 
Just out of curiosity, does anyone on the cypherpunks list posess the
technical skills that would be necessary to begin a project of hacking out
a pin compatible version of the Clipper that didn't have the backdoors
once the chip is out, a la AMD and CYRIX?
If not, it would seem that we need to get some hardware geeks involved, as
well as all of these software people around here, since crypto issues are
moving more and more into the hardware, VLSI playing field.
("Cypherpunks write code.... and microcode"??)
It would seem that one of the most direct ways to attack Clipper would be
to pull another PGP, just create a chip that acts just like one, but a
chip that we understand and we designed.
There would be totally different problems involved, the Feds could much
more easily seize chip production facilities, design would be more
difficult, free distribution would be more difficult...
I think that it would be quite possible, however.  I mean, if an attack is
truly to be made on the Clipper, writing letters to feds certainly won't
help, the only thing that will help is making their proposal ineffective
and uneconomical.
Think about it, if a truly secure chip existed, it's sale would be almost
certain; all of the 'criminals' that the feds are so afraid of would be
sure to find us and buy one, not to mention every self respecting
cypherpunk and cyberpunk in the universe, law enforcement agencies might
even get into buying black market chips to protect themselves from escrow
Also, if all of these shady types that the feds are using for their
tactical arguments have truly secure chips anyway, all of the
aformentioned arguments are rendered moot.
So I guess the really important question is: does anybody know how to
reverse engineer a chip and build a duplicate, pin-compatible device from
the ground up while hiding from the feds the whole time and still managing
to make a living?
I guess that's a pretty rough question, but hey, this is war, right?
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-01 23:16:39
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: WH email petition. 
A good idea, but it appears from the announcement that they are just going
to create a database of return addresses and subject lines and sit around
and read that instead of reading the actual messages.
In that case I would suggest a well written form letter that we could
encourage people to forward to the address with their names on it.  That
way after they see the same subject line 12,000 times they might get the
slight urge to read the message going along with it.  That would be kind
of equivalent to a petition.
Somebody good at slicking politicos like to draft a nice letter?
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-02 22:21:16
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: CryptoStacker, long term vision 
This is tiring drivel concerning the CryptoStacker project.  It just
started yesterday, so don't expect it to be too mature, we all have other
things we have to do to pay the rent, right?
Anyway, I am posting this to the list because it is kind of a plea for
ideas, among other things, there are some tidbits that we need some help
on.  This particular message seemed to address both of the main ones, so I
picked it.  Don't complain about bandwidth, ok?  Alright, to summarize the needs of the project at this point--> we need:
 	    encryption to be used in a simple straight software
To summarize this message in particular:
Hugh: "Hey, wouldn't bell/whistle XXXXXX be a good idea?"
Ryan: "Yeah, but can we get the thing to work at all first?"
There, you have it.  You don't even have to read it if you're not
Message follows:
Yeah, I am just concentrating on getting something out there for DOS
support.  I actually loathe DOS and would rather be supporting UNIX (this
would be a lot easier under Unix) but DOS is still a defacto standard and
the people who need to be protected will be using DOS a lot...
I like this idea, but I don't know about having ALL data go through the
encryption system.  What about the idea of setting up a 'secure' partition
and a 'fast' partition and having a device controller that would only run
stuff sent to the 'secure' partition through the crypto system?
I also don't know about the practicality of making the thing easy to
download your own crypto into it.  I think that if I am using a DES chip
that is widely understood and trusted that there would be no need for the
further complication of letting people hack at it...  It would be a really
cool option, and it would be a lot closer to allowing people to seize
their own security, but I don't think that I can justify adding such a
complicated feature at such an early stage.
I really like this PCMIA key idea.  I don't think that just having a key
would be enough though.  Say the Secret Service walks in tomorrow and my system is CryptoStacked,
and the PCMIA key is dangling out of the slot because I fell asleep
programming last night and forgot to take it out and put it in the safe or
whatever.   all of that hard earned security is naught.
I am much more in favour of a password system to assist the key, much like
PGP uses a password system to assist the secret keyring.
I am thinking mainly of finding this much rumored DES chip and trying it
out on a dedicated board.
I had another idea for an initial stepping stone:
are ISA cards DMA mapped?  If so, howabout a card that simply has the key
burned into it's virtual value, but only when it is properly activated?
You could easily achieve this by burning a simply program into an EEPROM,
and the activation could be something like punching in a code on a keypad
attached to the board or something.  (this comes to mind because I have a
friend that just finished burning some simple programs into EEPROMS and
building a simple keycode keypad, integrating them should be a weekend
project)  That way, I could do the encryption in software for the
specified 'secure' partition (until I can get my hands on a DES chip)
using the value returned by the EEPROMs as the key.
Sound feasable?
Hmm, that could work perhaps, but the main idea was to create a
transparant file system encoding system for once the data already is
local, there are certainly better packages out there for data transmission
security than anything that *I* could cook up...  Just look at the flack
that the Dolphin guys are getting just for even suggesting something like
I agree, but a file system CryptoStacker will be hard enough to implement
in the first place, I think that I will need to worry about that first.
Ahh, should have read ahead...
I like that voice recognition concept though, but that sounds kind of like
a bells/whistles kind of thing too...
Right, that is my main nightmare, what size blocks to use?  I just don't
quite understand how Stacker does it.
the way I see it we have a serious problem because there are at least two
different ways of getting data onto or off of a disk.  If it was one or
the other, I would be able to cope with it by intercepting that method and
changing it, but there are at least two fundamentally different ways,
reading by bytes and reading by variable length blocks.  I'm not sure if
it is possible to read by bits or not, I've certainly never needed to do
so, but a good scan through the PC interrupts might be necessary...
The size of a block of data would not change with DES encryption, would
it?  I might have a serious misunderstanding about how DES works if the
size *DOES** change...
Here is a though, the apparant ignorance of which is entirely due to the
fact that I just don't understand at all how Stacker works on an intercpet
How about just encoding each byte seperately, that way I could intercept
the byte read/write no problem, and I could intercept the variable block
read/write in a similar manner, just break it down into a series of single
byte read/write cycles?
Is it possible to DES encode a single byte and have it remain a single
byte?  Is it a reasonably secure idea?
I would do some DES research, but I am mail only and it takes WEEKS to
poke around ftp sites through the mail, dig?  Perhaps someone could send
me a nice FAQ?
Perhaps someone knows of a nice method by which I *COULD* securely encode
a byte to a byte and have it remain a byte using keys and such?
I suppose you might have noticed by now, I am a very good software
engineer, and a pretty good structure programmer, but only a good machine
level programmer, and only a mediocre cryptologist, let's get all of that
straight right here.
This is all well and good, but I think that getting the damned thing to
work at all will be a bitch, much less worrying about perfectly optimal
This is my question exactly, what encryption algorithm...
Oi, please... I am worried about finding ONE algorithm, you are already
thinking about implementing any number on infinities...
Well I don't see why any relatively unlimited number of keys couldn't exist.
As for those people that can't afford to use dedicated hardware, there is
still the less secure idea of having the key stored on a floppy that would
be inserted at load time and read into memory.  This would have the
obvious disadvantage of having the key sitting around in memory, a sitting
duck (especially for people who leave their systems on all of the time,
like me, as soon and the Nazis learned about systems like these then 'Run
a key scanning program on the system to be confiscated' would just become
step one in their procedure, would be a hole even if the keys were
password protected) but it would be better than nothing at all, and the
speed problems could be dealt with by using the multiple partition method
that I described earlier, having a 'secure' virtual disk where all of your
data goes, and a seperate 'fast' virtual disk which is unencrypted where
all of your programs and such go.
Yes, but you know, the more I think about it, the easier it looks... my
two main problems right now are: After that, the rest is just writing code.
Code I can do, code is no problem...
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-02 22:55:39
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: Crypto anarchy in a VW? (not the bug) 
Yes, actually it does.  Hardware cannot be widely and freely distributed
the way software can.  I am looking to write something that can protect
EVERYONE, not just those people that can afford to buy some dedicated
hardware.  Would PGP be so widespread today if it required a hardware coprocessor?
I like the whole Unix idea for PC's in general, and Linux in particular,
but the fact remains that the people who need security the most (the
average schmuck out there in the business world or the kid running a BBS)
are most likely to be using a PC DOS-based system, and I am writing for them.
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-03 15:21:09
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Clipper on CNN HN 
The current CNN Headline News has a spot on the Clipper chip airing after
the Sports section, I just barely caught it by accident.  I have to leave
now to do some consulting, but I have my VCR set up to record it the next
time around.
Summary of the tape:
____BEGIN SUMMARY____
the NIST a chip which will ensure private communications between
telephones and fax machines and such.  Current plans are for the keys to
be held in escrow by two seperate (unnamed) government agencies.
hearings about the questionable constitutionality of the chip and a direct
quote was aired by a woman saying during the hearings that 'the chip would
expand the powers of the government to invade the privacy of citizens to
even greater than what it already is' (paraphrase) and also about the
objections of companies who are afraid of being blackballed and prevented
from doing business unless they use the chip.  using the chip would not last for long.
developing a system using the chip and showed a prototype on the air.  It
seemed to be a lot larger than necessary, a huge black box with a little
LCD display saying 'secure' and whatnot when you activated clipper security.
stale arguments about making conversations secure for him but not for the
____END SUMMARY____
I think that the spot was definitely leaning toward exposing the
objections that people have toward the chip, even if the people at CNN
didn't really understand for sure what those objections are.
The whole thing might have been a little unclear for the average Joe as to
what the real problem is with this newfangled system, and I think that
more uninformed coverage like this is likely to turn people against us;
they may start to see us as the bad guys, a bunch of people who are
against privacy by our objection to this thing.
Anyway, now that it has hit CNN, it is officially mainstream and it may
well become a hot, trendy news item.  What we need now are hoardes of
people who will volunteer to be consulted with as 'experts' on the issue
for local news and such.
Gotta go now, gotta write some code...
Try to catch the spot.
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-03 20:31:19
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: CryptoStacker, long term vision 
Couldn't you just do that with the assign command in DOS?
or is that a new command?
Yeah, I am assuming that is the way I will have to organize the system.  I
want it to be totally transparant, that seems like a good way.
I have heard this from someone else.  It kind of takes the wind out of my
enthusiasm, but not too much... I still think that there is a need for a
good, strong system out there with some seriously dedicated password key
protection and such.  Also, it needs to be freeware (or shareware,
depending on how long it takes to write) so that security won't just be in
the hands of the people who can afford to buy it from companies.
I also think that it would be a lot more valuable if it were distributed
with code so that any user who wanted could inspect it for trapdoors.
Umm, perhaps this is overly optimistic, but I was hoping that I would be
able to use an algorithm that did 1 byte in / 1 byte out encryption so
that I wouldn't have to deal with sector remapping.  This would greatly
speed up the process, make it more crashproof, and besides, it would be a
hell of a lot easier...  I was thinking that I would even basically leave
the FAT and such intact, or at least only slightly modified.
I have been pointed in the direction of the IDEA engine in PGP, which will
take 1 byte in / 1 byte out.  This would be ideal (snicker) for the
reasons that I mentioned before.  As for compressing also, that is a really good idea, but I think that I
will leave that one up to posterity, or at least to the next guy that
tries to midofy the thing, I am concerned enough with getting it to work
at all, and compression would add the problem of having to do sector
remapping, which I would like to avoid at first.
Sounds good to me, and it is consistent with the advice of others (thanks
a lot guys, I really appreciate the help) and the books that I have found
since this started two days ago...
I'll keep everyone updated no problem.  How else am I going to get
suggestions and help?
-Ryan the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-03 20:31:19
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: RE: CryptoStacker - Suggestions 
Hmm, nix on that, I would have to do some sector remapping, which would
not only slow it down and make it more vulnerable, it would just be more
crap that I would have to deal with which might crash the thing in the
long run.
Besides, I think that most people using this would actually PREFER to have
more that one partition, with one unprotected.  This would allow you to
use the setup that I have mentioned before, with one 'fast' partition and
one 'secure' partition.  You would simply have to make sure that the
system was booted from a 'fast' partition.  Quick, simple, stuff that you
don't have to be a genius to make work.  (remember we are talking about
protecting non-cypherpunks here as well as us computer gurus)
I would like to implement a system in the future which would do
compression as well as encryption (are there any good algorithms that just
happpen to do both at the same time?  Maybe somebody should get on that,
it would certainly be useful) and that would require a system like you
mention, but I will stay with simple for the first version.
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-03 20:31:21
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: CryptoStacker, long term vision 
This is a good point.  The only thing that I can think of in response is
that there is now a need for a cryptobackup system.  I can easily see how
this could be accomplished with disk spanning, but I'm not sure that we
could create something to work with all of the different tape drive
standards.  Perhaps just write a freeware system that could handle disk
spanning and a few major, common tape systems (Colorado, etc...)
I have to admit, that does present a minor problem.
There is, of course, another way to do it which would speed things up by
not having the date come from the disk, get decrypted by my driver and
then get immediately encrypted agian before they get to the backup, and
that is to simply operate the backup system as normally from the 'fast'
partition with the encryption driver turned OFF.  You back up the secure
partition that way, and then whatever goes to the tape is pure garbage,
and then you just turn the driver back on by rebooting.
When you want to restore you simply turn the driver off, restore to the
secure partition, and reboot to get your data again.
No matter what kind of a system you are using, you are still going to need
some unencrypted disk space to boot from, so that is where you stick your
backup programs.
Hell, the more I think about it, it won't be any problem at all...
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-03 20:43:10
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: CryptoStacker, long term vision 
Oh please, not a flame...  I'm trying to create something here, and I need
a lot of help, since everyone seems to know exactly how this should be
done but none of them want to actually get off of their heinies and write
it.  The last thing that I need is to start getting flamed, the whole
project will rapidly go down the tubes...
I am paying very close attention to the suggestions on overall format, you
may have noticed that my concept has changed from a hardware PGP
encryption of the entire disk with PCMIA keys to a more realistic DES
software encryption through device drivers and multiple partitions.  I am certainly not closed off to ideas, and the last thing I need, as I
said before, is to start getting flamed.
I am certainly not neglecting either issue, performance is one of the main
reasons why I am interested in NOT doing sector remapping and compression
along with the encryption, and I am trying to find a convinient method for
keeping keys that an end user would be happy with.
Among the suggestions at hand:
I believe that keys held on floppies with password verification to be the
most feasable, the easiest and the most likely to be understood and
accepted by end users.
Please stop flaming me, I'm doing the best I can here...
Yes, I can see the advantages of using a device driver for this
application.  I am now doing research on just that.  The idea of setting
up the initial version to simply pass through data unharmed is also a very
useful suggestion.  Thank you.
Is it just my impression or did you just tell me that
What the hell did I do to deserve getting flamed by someone who I so
respected about ten minutes ago?  Do you instinctively do this because I
don't yet understand a few highly technical concepts yet?  Would you
rather this whole project just get scrapped just because I am not yet as
proficient in this area as you?  How did you learn, did people flame you
when you tried to create something and asked for advice?  What the hell,
I'm just trying to help.
You talk about how I should be careful about inadvertently trampling on the
people giving me advice.  I am sorry I certainly did not mean to (and I
think that you will notice that later in the message I specifically
thanked him several times for his input) but what about you specifically
and intentionally insulting the guy who is actually trying to WRITE the thing?
I have other things to do, I am a professional programmer and I get payed
plenty to write code for other people.  What I am doing here is trying to
write some code for EVERYONE for FREE and I am VOLUNTEERING my time. (lots
of it, I might add) I see.  How do codebook and counter mode relate to the layering that I
hear about (ie, single, double, triple DES) are these simply single or
multiple layers of these modes, or did I miss something?  (I still have a
shortage of good cypto books at my command, I have three that I think will
be very helpful on order at the local university library)
I agree about length and multitude.  How does the key length affect the
speed of the algorithm?
I am also concerned about having the keys sitting around in memory once
they are read from the disk.  This would just open the system up to
somebody running a key scanning program on your system and grabbing the
keys right out of memory.  I'm still not sure what to do about this.  It
is a really good reason to go to PCMIA cards with the PCMIA DMA mapped in
the future, but I can't quite think of a good solution right now...
Yes, that shouldn't be any problem.  I am thinking more an more that the
guys who wrote Stacker knew what they were doing... I forsee a seperate
utility program which would sit around on the uncompressed partition for
dealing with keys and such, this would be where I would handle key backups.
I thought of this as well as a possible solution to the problem of having
the key sitting around in memory, but it really seems to me like a great
way to lose data by crashing programs.  I just don't see how I could make
it timeout gracefully and not crash whatever is running.  Something that I
did think of though, is tying the timer into the int 24 routine which
terminates program execution, so that if enough time had passed it would
shut down the drive, but only AFTER you have exited your program.  This
would provide the timer support and still not be horrible likely to wreck
the hell out of something and kill some data. This looks awfully flamish to me too, but I'll let it pass...
I think that this is likely to be the biggest problem with my system as I
am considering it.  An obvious way around this would be to use a system
which does sector remapping and stores the entire file system in one huge
file a la Stacker, so that we don't need to actually physically partition
the disk.  I can think about how to implement a system like this after I
get a non-sector indexing system working.
I think that a system like the aforementioned would be possible to
painlessly install with an installation program just like the one that
Stacker uses to painlessly turn your disk into two virtual disks, one
stacked and the other the boot disk, with no backing up and repartitioning
Much as the flamage has ticked me off, you have provided some of the most
helpful information and suggestions to date and I very much appreciate
your help.  I still truly don't understand what I did to provoke you,
other than working on a crypto project, but I do appreciate your help.
I can only hope that I caught you late at night or something or perhaps
just misunderstood the severity of your insults.

@_date: 1993-06-08 21:18:45
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: CryptoStacker Update 
This is an update on the CryptoStacker undertaking for those interested. I am still at the research/initial_design stage, so any further
suggestions would be welcome.  I am working on several other projects
right now so actual coding will likely not begin in earnest for at least a
week or two, I also do not wish to rush things any more than I need to...
The CryptoStacker engine will probably consist of a block driver style
device driver running under MSDOS which will intercept blocks of data
going to the disk and encrypt them, and intercept blocks of data coming
from the dish and decrypt them.  The system should be completely seamless
and hopefully will remain at one abstraction level.  The intercepted
functions will be the read/write functions of interrupt 13h.
The initial version will be a simple driver with no sector remapping and
will have to be installed on an already existing partition seperate from
the boot partition.  Hopefully in the future it will be possible to create
a false disk by remapping sectors and extracting all drive data from a
single file stored on the physical drive, a la Stacker's one huge file. This would allow for installation without the backup and reformatting of
the hard drive.
The keys will initially be stored on floppy disks and password protected. For simplicity, I will use one single key for the whole disk during
development, but I hope to be able to provide at least one key per track
in the initial version.  I intend to make the key hooks as modular as
possible and as open as possible in order that the possibility of PCMIA
cards holding keys, barcode keys, datacard keys, etc, will be possible in
the future.
The encryption engine will be completely in software for the widest
possible spread.  This is the single only design consideration that I am
absolutely set upon, and even then I will be glad to implement any advice
on how to make the code as open as possible for future hardware
assistance.  I would like to see it expand into hardware in the future as
encryption hardware hopefully becomes easier to find.
The actual encryption algorithm is a more difficult case to comment on.  I
have done a lot of research on DES, since most of the advice that I have
recieved has pointed in that direction, but I can see that it will be
extremely slow and unwieldy in software.  I would like to use an algorithm
which would be a little more optimized for software but alas, I am more
than a little afraid of the wrath of the cypherexperts who will shun any
non-DES product.  I am looking into the IDEA engine now, and I like the
fact that it also has the capability to take in 8bytes and put out 8bytes,
but that is about all that I know about it.  Things that make DES
attractive to me:
Things that make it unnattractive:
If anyone knows of some algorithms that have been widely examined which
meet at least a few of the 'pro' arguments and doesn't meet the 'con'
argument, please let me know...
There has been some consideration on the possibility of having the key
time out after a preset interval.  I like the idea as an option to the
user who really wants it, but I have a lot of reservations about how to
make a system time out gracefully when this happens.  I have some ideas
for how to do this with a multitasking OS, but they just seem like hacks
to me, I am looking for elegant solutions.
There has also been some contemplation as to how to shield a key from
being read from a PC's memory.  It has been suggested that I just inform
the user of the security hole and not worry about it.  This seems lazy and
counterproductive to me, and I would like to at least make some effort to
hide the key.  Any good virus writers out there?  Most of my techniques
involve hiding code on mass storage, but I'm sure there are some tricks to
memory someone might suggest.
Well, that seems about it.  I hope that this has been more coherent than
the flurry of replies that marked the beginning of this, and less offensive...
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-10 13:56:27
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: CryptoStacker Update 
The programs running on the system will not be using INT13.  They will use
the higher level interrupts that they normally use.  The block driver
exists below all of that and merely controls what happens once the higher
level interrupts already call INT13.
I don't think that it will be any problem, certainly less of a problem
than if I tried to screw with higher level interrupts.
the Bit Wallah

@_date: 1993-06-11 23:35:50
@_author: RYAN Alan Porter 
@_subject: Re: CryptoStacker 
system of sector remapping and data mangling) and build upon it.  Indeed,
what I am doing is finding working sources for drivers and network
redirectors and examining them to find one which will serve as a good
model to work from.  This will provide the benefits of working under
Stacker, as you suggested, and will also have the advantages of freeing
us from the list of disadvantages.
the Bit Wallah
