
@_date: 1997-07-31 00:24:03
@_author: "Sandy Harris" 
@_subject: Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
Cypherpunks & Freedom Knights. Both should be very happy to
see strong encryption becoming more widely available.
Snarky quotes not required. This isn't snake oil. There is plenty of
solid analysis behind these products. Check references on Entrust
web site.
What this scum is actually upset about is Chris Lewis cancelling
spam. He calls that "forgery" because the spammer's name goes
in the sender field of the cancel message. Nonsense.
Dimitri, the "forgeries" are going to continue until someone comes
up with a better way of dealing with spam. If you have suggestions,
post them to some of the news,admin.net-abuse.* groups or to
the Freedom Knights list.
The crap about pedophilia is also, of course, nonsense. It seems
to be a favorite slur lately with several grossly misguided people
who think calling people they dislike pedophiles is a way to
"defend freedom of speech".

@_date: 1997-07-31 12:11:00
@_author: Sandy Harris 
@_subject: Re: Entrust Technologies's Solo - free download 
Chris Lewis' sexual predilictions are of no concern in the issue of
an individual's right to use any means necessary to force their own
censorous values on the rest of the world.
  Despite what Chris Lewis did to my six year-old niece, I support
his right to destroy the creations of those with whom he disagrees.
  Northern Telecom, Bell Northern and Entrust take the position that
employing persons who openly admit to forgery and censorship should
in no way reflect badly on their production of a product in the
security market.
  Entrust is confident that Chris Lewis' forgery, fraud and deceit
in no way affects the level of trust and confidence that people should
have in Entrust security products. After all, people lie, cheat and
steal all of the time. Why should those who work on security products
be held to a higher standard?
  What this anti-forgery scum, Dimitri, is actually upset about is Chris Lewis cancelling spam. He calls that "forgery" because the spammer's name goes in the sender field of the cancel message. Nonsense.
  If someone were to put my name in the sender field of email, I would
certainly not call that "forgery," even if they used email sent in my
name to suggest that I participated in the sexual acts Chris Lewis
committed with my niece. (BTW, the charges against me were dropped
after her unexpected death.)

@_date: 1997-09-28 04:01:45
@_author: "Sandy Harris" 
@_subject: T-shirts (was Re: D.A.R.E.--Drugs Are Reality Enhancers) 
Burroughs suggested "Drug hysteria: just say no!"
Anyone care to make some up with:
        Escrowed encryption: just say no!
