
@_date: 1997-01-25 23:55:42
@_author: Sandy Sandfort 
@_subject: Re: Corelation 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Well I saw John last night at the C2Net party, but I guess that's
not much reassurance.  :-)
 S a n d y

@_date: 1997-02-02 22:26:08
@_author: Sandy Sandfort 
@_subject: Re: My Departure, Moderation, and "Ownership of the List" 
SANDY SANDFORT
 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Where to begin?  Tim May has taken the time to write broad and
thought provoking essay on this list's current moderation experiment.  I appreciate his analysis--and candor.  While I do
not agree with all he has written, I enormously respect his
dedication to his point of view.  This is Tim's first error of fact.  I point it out not to insult
him, but because it seriously affects much of the rest of his
analysis.  We are conducting an experiment.  It will last one month.  After that, it's over if list members want it to be over.
If, on the other hand, moderation is seen by the list members as
beneficial to their use and enjoyment of the list, the current
form of moderation--or some variation will continue.
Factual error   There was a call for comment; Tim chose not to
do so.  In retrospect, I wish we had run it by Tim, Eric and Hugh in more detail before making the annoucement, but we didn't.
Certainly a tactical error and a breach of protocol, but not the
end of the world.  Sorry Tim.  I should have spoken to you first.
And I see something different.  Since previously, Tim actively
filter the list, I'm not sure on what basis he can make his
comparison.  As just one example (though a signicant one) Dimitri
has posted more non-flaming, on-topic posts during the two weeks
of this experiment then in the previous several months.  In my opinion, other than for the hysterical posts of a very few self-righteous loudmouths, the overall quality of the posts has
been far superior to what it had become in the weeks before the
experiment began.  YMMV.
I would hope that Tim will return to this practice irrespective
of whether the list remains moderated or returns to its previous
policies.  More on this, below.
Two points:  Since Tim largely agrees with those in opposition to
moderation, and because of the extraordinary nature of Tim's post,
I did not send it to the "flames" list.  It was a judgment call.
The problems Tim describes, did not arise with moderation.  Indeed, they were the imputus for the moderation.
I think this is a Straw Man.  John and I have never argued that
John "owns" cypherpunks.  When a Cypherpunk meeting is held in
someone's living room, however, I don't think it's asking to much
to ask everyone to follow the local rules (e.g., "no shoes in the
house" or "no smoking" or even "no ad hominem attacks").  As Tim
is fond of saying, "my house; my rules."  I don't think this means Tim "owns" a physical meeting in his house.
Tim, do you really believe that John did not anticipate this?
It was consumed with flames before.  Now, at least, the vast
majority of folks on the list don't have to read them, nor jump
through any hoops to implement some sort of dynamic filtering
That's what journalist do, though I wasn't aware of ANY articles
on this issue.  I would appreciate it if Tim could give us some
citations.  That's one message that one could take from all this, I suppose.
I don't see it that way, nor do several list members who thanked me in private e-mail for improving the list.  Again, YMMV.
What didn't work was "local filtering" which has no feed-back loop to engender comity.  This might not work either, but I see
no evidence that it has made things worse.  Remember, there are a
hand-full of subscribers to the Flames list, 20-30 on the Unedited list and *2000* or so on the Moderated list.  Sure some
of that may be due to laziness, but it would be cavalier in the
extreme to claim that such an overwhelming acceptance of moderation is merely an artifact of inertia.
But to make things perfectly clear one more time, ANYONE WHO WANTS TO READ THE ENTIRE CYPHERPUNKS FEED SHOULD SUBSCRIBE TO "CYPHERPUNKS-UNEDITED" AND/OR "CYPHERPUNK-FLAMES."  Tim and I disagree on which definition of "censorship" applies in
this situation.  Dale Thorne, and others, have argued, in essence,
that there is censorship if ANY definition would apply.  I'm not
sure time is going that far, but if so, I respectfully disagree.
But let's apply Tim's above definition for the sake of argument.
Am I, thereby, a censor?  Well I am examining "other material" and I am making judgments with regard to whether or not it is
"objectionable," unfortunately for Tim's argument, I am neither
"removing" nor "supressing" anything.  Anybody can read anything
that gets posted to Cypherpunks--in two places.  I am sorting,
but even my sorting can be completely avoided.
John didn't choose me, I approached him.  I offered my opinion as
to what I thought HE ought to do about the list disruptions.  The
short version of his answer was, "if you think you can do a better job, go for it."  I accepted the challenge, so here I am.
I don't want this job.  If the list members decide to keep the list moderated, I hope to keep my involvement as a moderator to a
minimum.  Any volunteers?
Very possibly true.  Moderation is like crypto, perfection isn't
and option.  However, a 90% solution is a heck of a lot better than no solution at all.  Yes, I've made what I consider to be
errors, but I think on some, I've done a very good job overall.
Tim, I think this is disingenuous.  I have been quite clear on my moderation criteria.  You are too intelligent to feign such
a lack of understanding.
Clearly not a criterion I ever enunciated.
Clearly not a criterion I ever enunciated.
Bingo (with the proviso that it be a personal attack on a list
member as opposed to the substance of his or her argument).
Piffle.  Letting spoiled children destroy the list puts a far
more powerful weapon in the hands of our enemies.
I do not have a crystal ball.  My Vulcan mind meld is in the shop.  No one--neither Tim, nor I, nor probably even Vulis--knows whether is gleeful about all this or not.  An frankly, who cares?
The question is, are list members happy or not with moderation.
Tim was not.  I am.  By the end of the experiment, I dare say we
will have a good idea what most list members think. I sorry Tim gives me so little credit.  Rather than merely post a self-serving denial, I would ask that Phill confirm or deny Tim's
supposition.  To the best of my recollection, I have sent only
one post of Phill's to the Flames list.  It flamed Jim Bell.  As
far as moderating political rants go, I'm agnostic.
Look folks, when you stop trying new things, and stop questioning
conventional wisdom, you are as good as dead.  Maybe moderation
is the best think since sliced bread; maybe it sucks.  How about
we give it a good-faith try for the next 2+ weeks and see how it goes?  If the consensus is it sucks, I intend to be gracious in
defeat.  If it goes the other way, I hope that the neighsayers will accept it and let the list get on with its role as a forum
for the protection of privacy.
Thanks again, Tim, for sharing your views with us.
 S a n d y
