
@_date: 1995-07-14 06:35:48
@_author: Steven Champeon - Imonics Development 
@_subject: Re: Eudora MacPGP Woes 
I guess I'm still confused about why there's an X-Attachment: header being
added. If the file is being generated by MacPGP without using the Applescript,
you can simply open the resulting encoded file (provided it is being ascii-
armored) from within Eudora then copy and paste it into an open Compose
window. Voila. No X-Attachment: header. If you delete the file name on the
attachments line, it also removes the attachment.
Mr. Unicorn: have you had any luck with the Applescript? You might try
booting without extensions (except for Applescript) and open Eudora
off-line and keep trying. Hope this helps,

@_date: 1995-07-20 08:23:11
@_author: Steven Champeon - Imonics Development 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win 
I do know that at the Netscape Spring Training I attended, that was the
source of much consternation from the techies (who knew what it meant)
and Mr. ElGemal was certainly aware of it. The thing that scared me was
that most of the sales and marketing folks took the approach that I think
we can expect from them: "What! That's ridiculous! Oh, it's only $230?
Oh, okay. That's cheap enough." and then they went on their happy way.
The one "advantage" to SSL that they were pushing over SHTTP was that
SSL is a socket-level encryption mechanism, as opposed to protocol-
level. It doesn't conflict with SHTTP except in terms of adding to
the processing time.
I guess I don't see why SSL is so awful from a crypto standpoint.
Could someone a bit more educated on the nuts and bolts clue me
in on its weaknesses? As compared to other schemes, perhaps?
Thanks in advance,
Steve Champeon
Technical Lead, Web Services
Imonics Corporation

@_date: 1995-07-21 10:34:03
@_author: Steven Champeon - Imonics Development 
@_subject: Re: Netscape the Big Win 
You can't have multiple processes running on a Mac. (Unless the application
has a different name -- for example, you *can* have two different copies of
the Netscape application, named "NS1" and "NS2", set as the default "helpers" for a) news and b) HTTP, should you want to do that...)
What ICeTEe does is send an Open AppleEvent to the browser application.
If it is running, it responds by opening the URL in the browser. If the browser
isn't running, it starts the browser and then opens the URL. The INIT
(extension) patches the System "TextEdit" routines, which are used in most
apps with limited need for text processing. The name of the INIT comes from
its authors, who wrote "InternetConfig", and because it patches "TextEdit".
This isn't to say that Java isn't cool :-)

@_date: 1995-08-14 13:08:32
@_author: Steven Champeon - Imonics Development 
@_subject: Re: Are we forming the "social sector"?  FYIntrospection... 
Not to start a holy war (no pun intended) but isn't this the role that
according to Locke, et al., was supposed to be filled by Religion? A
moral/social force standing beside government and economics? If Dr.
Johnson had been less immersed in the idea of Truth, I believe he
would have agreed. He wrote for money, hobnobbed with royalty for
status, and was driven by a need to prove himself worthy in the eyes
of his Maker.
I can't stand the perspectives that come out of this "we're so objective
we ignore anything that reeks of irrationality" stance. By restricting
themselves to the projection of history that results, they can't see the
ways in which the things they deny have been the major players in the
situation they claim to understand. "Post-capitalist polity"? What the
hell is this guy smoking? I say this not to advance the role of religious fundamentalism, but as
a reminder of the past and an earnest attempt to get people to recognize
that like it or not, religion (however you may conceive it) is already
there. You could argue that people go into government for power and business
for money, and whatever is left over constitutes their religious frame.
Charles Winquist, a professor of the philosophy of religion at Syracuse,
calls religion that which defines what is "real and important" for a
person, a culture, or a nation. I would argue that once you abstract
out the money and power aspects of this, you are left with exactly what
this guy Drucker is trying to say we need. And we already have it.
I like to write good code and do intelligent Web site design. And I
don't do it for Jesus, or Buddha, or Rev. Moon. I do it because it is
what gives my life a sense of reality, and because it is what I have
determined to be important right now. I also pay attention to issues
such as are discussed here (excepting the conspiracy crap) because I
can see that it will be important to me and others.
Just my $.02,

@_date: 1995-08-16 11:05:41
@_author: Steven Champeon - Imonics Development 
@_subject: Re:  Phone call for Mr. Doligez, was Re: SSL challenge -- broken ! 
The netscape client already has these capabilities built in. During the
negotiation stage, the client talks to the server, which announces which
strength to use. For exported versions of both the client and the server
they are limited to 40 bit RC4. For US versions, all available strengths
are supported with an option to enable them.
Pull up Netscape, and for the URL type: "about:". It will tell you which
algorithms are used, but not their key bit length. When you configure their Commerce server, you have the option to enable
any of the supported bit lengths and algorithms, including RC2 and RC4,
IDEA, 40 -> 128 bits, 64 -> 192 for DES.
Netscape's server, since it must service foreign requests, probably doesn't
even waste its time asking for >40 bit, since that would add to the time
it takes to negotiate a common scheme.
If anyone has any insight into this, please fill me in. I just wanted to
clarify a few things.
Steve Champeon
Technical Lead, Imonics Web Services

@_date: 1995-10-03 06:56:10
@_author: Steven Champeon - Imonics Development 
@_subject: Re: New Netscape bug (in version 1.12) 
Well, I'm still in Raleigh :-) but this doesn't do much of anything
to my Macintosh, Netscape 1.1N, under System 7.5. Looks like a bug
in your X server. However, Netscape 1.1N for Solaris, running under
X11R6 X server, dumps core fairly quickly. I haven't had a chance
to try out the 1.12 version on UNIX or Mac, but the 1.22 32-bit Windoze version handles it fine under NT 3.5.1.
Steven Champeon                                (919) 469-7833
Technical Lead,                          schampeo
Imonics Web Services                    webmaster

@_date: 1995-10-03 08:22:11
@_author: Steven Champeon - Imonics Development 
@_subject: Re: New Netscape bug (in version 1.12) 
Ray wrote, in reply to my message:
Just tried it, with two different mailhosts - the first gave the following
The second accepted the mail. (?) Neither caused it to core dump, under
the X11R6 X server, Solaris 2.4, running Openwindows.
Steven Champeon                                (919) 469-7833
Technical Lead,                          schampeo
Imonics Web Services                    webmaster

@_date: 1995-10-06 06:00:52
@_author: Steve Champeon (working from home 
@_subject: Re:Trust company banks on Internet 
Robert Hettinga forwards:
This is fairly common. A certain Internet Consultant in this
area claimed to have solved "the problem of banking on the
Internet". Of course, a large green bank paid him a lot of
money to say it, but there you are. I closed my account
with that large green bank because of this appalling turn of
I should tell everyone here and now that I also intend to
become the first Internet bank. I would also like to announce
my upcoming trip to the moons of Mars, where I intend to pick
collards in the name of Abbie Hoffman.
What an extended crock of shit we can hope to expect...
Steven Champeon                                (919) 469-7833
Technical Lead,                          schampeo
Imonics Web Services                    webmaster

@_date: 1995-10-08 16:51:07
@_author: Steve Champeon (working from home 
@_subject: Re: Netscape 2.0 beta 
You have to set this in the preferences dialog. The default
is localhost, assuming that your UNIX box is set up correctly
to send mail. I don't know about you guys, but my mailhost is
called 'mailhost'.
One thing that I found with the newsreader was that it doesn't
do POP correctly. No matter what you do with your mail, it still
doesn't check for read vs. unread articles. This is fine when you
have a mailbox with one message. It can be annoying when you have
110 messages in your mailbox and don't want to 1) delete them or
2) download them twice.
Not that I'm complaining. I'm still gigling from the introduction
of frames and client-side imagemaps (which also don't work on the
Solaris 2.4 version, running on Solaris 2.5beta/CDE)...
Steven Champeon                                (919) 469-7833
Technical Lead,                          schampeo
Imonics Web Services                    webmaster

@_date: 1995-10-19 11:18:40
@_author: Steven Champeon - Imonics Development 
@_subject: [NOISE], period 
It's that 'little bit of reality' that concerns me.
I think it is a misstatement to say that any of us believe that applets
will "make us safe". I believe that applets, combined with the ability to
configure your local browser such that it scans all incoming programs for security exceptions, combined with the ability to completely remove those classes which allow risky things to occur, combined with the opportunity
to utilize these technologies within trusted channels (i.e., internal nets)
in order to reduce load on our web servers, etc. is an enormous breakthrough.
As such, we are taking our time to review the manner in which the classes
are structured, the VM is structured, and the security mechanisms are enabled.
This appears to be something which you refuse to do.
Here you reveal more about the poverty of your motives than you could
possibly imagine.
Because you haven't done your homework.
Oh, I hope I'm still one of the first 50 (I doubt it). I'd love to see the
expression on the face of whoever runs your system. "You sent a 1Gb mail message through our mailer?!?"
Steven Champeon                                (919) 469-7833
Technical Lead,                          schampeo
Imonics Web Services                    webmaster

@_date: 1995-11-17 12:14:24
@_author: Steve Champeon (working from home 
@_subject: Re: Java & Netscape security  [NOISE] 
! I'm so tired of listening to this no-researching,
no-paying-attention, out-to-make-money freak I just can't
stand it. Consider Mr. fc hereby removed from my
mailbox by virtue of the autofiltering capability of my
lovely mailreader.
Fred: *RTFWP* and stop complaining about things you know
nothing about. Feh.
Steven Champeon                                (919) 469-7833
Technical Lead,                          schampeo
Imonics Web Services                    webmaster
