
@_date: 1997-11-06 01:14:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Smartcards - Drivers Licenses in New Jersey 
Has anyone done tests to see what effect putting a smartcard in a microwave
oven has ;-)

@_date: 1997-11-09 03:06:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New GAO y2k reports 
The following General Accounting Reports recently became available:
-  Year 2000 Computing Crisis: National Credit Union
Administration's Efforts to Ensure Credit Union Systems Are Year
2000 Compliant. T-AIMD-98-20. 14 pp. October 22, 1997. NCUA admits that they are in deep do-do.
"... (1) current agency efforts to determine industrywide compliance are
behind the generally accepted schedule for achieving Year 2000
compliance, and, consequently, NCUA does not yet have a complete picture
of where credit unions stand individually or as an industry, (2) the agency
lacks a formal, documented contingency plan in case credit unions do not
become compliant in time or have other problems, (3) credit union
internal auditors may not be thoroughly addressing Year 2000 issues as
part of their work, and (4) NCUA does not have enough technical capability
to conduct Year 2000 and other examinations in complex systems areas."
"... the problem could lead to numerous problems when calculations
requiring the use of dates are performed, such as calculating interest,
calculating truth-in-lending or truth-in-savings disclosures, and
determining amortization schedules. Moreover, automated teller machines
may also assume that all bank cards are expired due to this problem. In
addition, errors caused by Year 2000 miscalculations may expose
institutions and data centers to financial liability and risk of damage to
customer confidence. Other systems important to the day-to-day business
of credit unions may be affected as well. For example, telephone systems
could shut down as can vaults, security and alarm systems, elevators, and
fax machines."
-  Social Security Administration: Significant Progress Made In Year
2000 Effort, But Key Risks Remain. AIMD-98-6. 17 pp. plus 2
appendices (6 pp.) October 22, 1997. The SSA reports that about 80% of its core code has been converted and tested and is confident of completion by January 1999, but that significant y2k exposure remains due to possible contamination from non-compliant sources of information (e.g., state disability and other federal agencies).

@_date: 1997-11-14 09:17:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Internet Casinos 
Internet Casinos Find a Haven in the Caribbean
Los Angeles Times
ST. JOHN'S, Antigua and Barbuda-None of the 64,000 residents of this small, three-island Caribbean nation have complained about the latest international gambling boom to sweep their secretive little piece of paradise.
In the past few months alone, more than a dozen casinos have opened here. But most Antiguans don't even know they exist.
That's because you can't see them.
Packed with games of roulette, blackjack, poker and craps, each gambling house is small enough to fit into the corner of a tiny room. Yet their owners say they're taking in millions of dollars a month from thousands of bettors, from Los Angeles to New York and beyond.
It's Internet gambling - a wave of hot new Web sites set up as "virtual casinos" that enable you to win or lose real money from the comfort of your own home. And most of these sites originate in small villas or obscure offices on 108-square-mile Antigua, which is as famous for its secrecy and scandals as it is for its freewheeling tax laws and banking policies.
There are no taxes on capital gains or income in Antigua and Barbuda. The government shuns outside scrutiny, even from its own citizens. During the past decade, it has licensed at least 57 offshore banks and at least two major sports-betting operations, and only it knows the names and assets of their owners.
Under legislation passed earlier this year, Antigua has been charging just $100,000 a year for an Internet casino license that offers a similar promise of minimum regulation, maximum anonymity and tax-free profit.
But all that soon may change.
The Interbet boom comes amid a series of recent corruption and fraud scandals here, the biggest involving the world's first Internet bank collapse. From a base in Antigua and with the promise of "utmost privacy," two Russians allegedly used the Web to bilk wealthy customers in the United States and elsewhere out of tens of millions of dollars before closing the bank and fleeing in August.
The virtual casino boom also comes at a time when off-island critics, among them U.S. law enforcement agencies and the State Department, say Antigua's loose regulatory track record and its secrecy laws have amounted to a recipe for disaster. Together, they offer organized crime rings and international drug cartels a haven to "wash" billions in illicit profits through Antiguan offshore businesses.
"Antigua's offshore banking sector established in the mid1980s with only limited regulation-expanded rapidly in recent years.... Unfortunately, inadequate regulation and vetting led to a surge in questionable banking operations-a number with alleged links to Russian criminal elements," declared the State Department's most recent report on the international narcotics and money-laundering trades, issued in March.
"The growing potential for money laundering has been a I increasing concern of both th l U.S. and Antigua governments," the report added.
The U.S. report carefully praised Antiguan Prime Minister Lester Bird for tough new laws against money laundering passed last December and for his personal vow to crack down on the island's booming drug transshipment trade. His government also has promised tougher regulation of all offshore operations in the months ahead, the State Department noted.
To play at an Internet casino, gamblers access a casino site on the World Wide Web through their personal computers, establish an account with a credit card or money order and collect their virtual "chips." The computer program ushers them into a fullcolor, multi-dimensional casino that looks remarkably similar to those in Las Vegas, and they can gamble at the table of their choice.
Given that it is an industry where only the customers' credit cards and money orders are real - risked against software and humans they never $see- Bill Scott, one Web casino entrepreneur acknowledged that Antigua's latest cybercraze is technology to, as he puts it, "convert real money into virtual cash" quickly and safely. And all  winners, he said, are paid off in a  day.
Although Scott said he welcomed the "big package of new regulations" that the Antiguan government recently sent him as I key to protecting the image of the new industry, he added, "I don't I think anybody has the knowledge of how to regulate this  technology."
U.S. officials say regulating gambling technology is especially tricky in Antigua, where the cash-strapped government has few resources and little resolve to become more open.
"This island is operated like a lodge.  Its a secret society," said Winston Derrick, who publishes Antigua's only independent newspaper.  "You have to fight and fight for information."
The government's annual expenditures, for example, are published, but years after the money is spent-a deliberate effort to minimize public interest and scrutiny, Derrick said. He added that police officials say even the most basic crime report is confidential.
Although the government permits Derrick to publish his feisty Daily Observer, he and his brother were arrested when they started the island's first independent radio station last December. The case is still in court, and the station hasn't reopened.
The prospect of prison also looms for Leonard Tim Hector if the opposition leader and publisher writes another word about the island's latest scandal-this one involving the prime minister and his family-in Hector's biweekly, the Outlet.
Bird, whose family has controlled Antigua's power and politics for half a century, sought and won an injunction against Hector after the opposition leader published a series of stories viciously attacking the prime minister for alleged corruption. One quoted a Venezuelan businessman, who was convicted of cocaine trafficking along with one of Bird's brothers two years ago, as saying that the prime minister took a $1 million bribe from Colombia's Cali cartel to permit drug transshipments through Antigua -a charge Bird flatly denies.
The injunction hasn't stopped Hector from sharply criticizing Bird's government for its policies toward offshore business and its lax regulation. He blamed those factors for the recent Internet bank debacle and said they invite similar abuse in the virtual casino industry.
"They simply do not intend to regulate these new Internet casinos," Hector said in a recent interview. "The prime minister doesn't see that in his best interest."
None of the few government officials who oversee the new cyber-casino trade along with all other offshore businesses on the island could be reached for comment.
In the aftermath of the Internet bank collapse, though, the official Antigua & Barbuda Government Internet Web page-an elaborate electronic magnet designed to attract all kinds of international businesses -has posted the new offshore rules and regulations for closer inspection.
But a look at the rise and fall of the European Union Bank, which billed itself as the world's first, full-service Internet bank helps explain why U.S. officials are viewing Antigua's latest cyberboom with concern.
Privately, many of those officials said the Antiguan government should have been suspicious of the bank's operations long before it closed its only door. shut down its Web site and laid off its half a dozen employees ih early August, leaving tens of millions of dollars in deposits missing in cyberspace.
The Bank of England grew suspicious of the bank last October, It publicly warned investors that the bank, which the two Russians had opened in a small office above a St. John's bar two years before, was offering unrealistically high interest rates in an unsecured environment that is not policed.
After a similar alert from U.S. banking officials in April, the state of Idaho issued a cease. and-desist order against the bank, barring it from offering its wide array of banking and credit card services to Internet customers in the state.
But it wasn't until the day the bank shut down and its directors disappeared this summer that Antigua's new Office of National Drugs and Money Laundering Policy issued an official "fraud alert," which opposition publisher Hector called "closing the stable door after both thieves and horses have bolted."
Antigua bookies not worried
Los Angeles Times
ST. JOHN'S, Antigua and Barbuda-The few owners of virtual casinos in Antigua who agreed tO be interviewed by the Los Angeles Times asserted that they would welcome the new Internet betting laws, insisting that their operations are not only legal and honest but also state of the art.
American Bill Scott, who moved his offshore sports betting operation to Antigua from the nearby island of St. Martin two years ago, said his Intercasino Web site was a natural next step for his parent company, World Wide Tele Sports.
Located in the heart of St. John's, the nation's capital-atop a modern five-story, glass-and-marble building that most Antiguans think houses a computer school-Scott's operation handles millions of dollars in U.S. sports bets via toll-free telephone numbers under a separate Antiguan gaming license, he says.
Scott says he was drawn to Antigua by the efficient phone system and, of course, the fact that gambling is legal here in a tax haven where confidentiality reigns and where even the Internet casinos are not viewed askance.
Surrounded by dozens of computer stations where young Antiguans in headsets were taking sports bets on every conceivable contest one recent Sunday afternoon, Scott said business in his new Internet casino-located in a tiny box in an adjacent office-is so good he plans to open two more this week.
"It's like Vegas. If you lose in one casino, you can go down the street to another," he said.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:50:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Fwd: Set Phasers to Stun. 
I can't fathom why the PTO issued the patent.  This technology is well known in military circles (I'm sure I saw an article in Aviation Leak and Space Technology about this a few years back) for downing planes and even missiles. A shortcoming of the proposed approach, as noted above, is the size and cost for such lasers.  However, if one assumes that some portions of the system are single use, like cartridges and bullets in firearms, it might be possible to safely employ small explosive charges to pump a laser (either an excimer or FEL, free electron laser), either chemically or electrically.  See : PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-11-14 13:51:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Victory For Microbroadcasting!!!! 
I made similar comments unrelated to Stephen's case in my "Basis of FCC jurisdiction" rant posted to Cypherpunks and Telecom Regulation lists in September of '96.
"I've been wondering lately about the jurisdictional limits of the FCC
vis-a-vis the Article(s) of the Constitution from which they derive their
authority.  My understanding is that the FCC is empowered under the Fed's
interstate commerce clauses.  If so, how valid is their jurisdiction over
low power and/or millimeter wave transmissions.  It seems a case can be
made that such transmissions represent little or no possibility of
interstate transmission."

@_date: 1997-11-14 15:33:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Victory For Microbroadcasting!!!! 
Was my "commerce clause" argument essentially the same as Stephen's?
The states are certainly ill equiped to handle the FCC's role, but ignoring the Constitution because it's inconvenient is the slippery slope we've been on since  Federal power was "illegally" expanded and the principle of judicial review was established in 1803 in the famous case of Marbury v. Madison.  Since then, any excuse the President and Congress can come up with is sufficient to create a  new agency and expanded authority.  Completely circumventing Constitutional intent.
The demise a needed Federal agency is but a small price to pay for puttling right the apple cart.  Besides, Congress can always call for an ammendment and if the people (through their state leglislature) agree re-instate FCC authority through proper means.

@_date: 1997-11-15 03:23:54
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Mad as Hell (fwd) 
Ignoring the Constitution because it's inconvenient is the slippery slope we've been on since  Federal power was "illegally" expanded and the principle of judicial review was established in 1803 in the famous case of Marbury v. Madison.  (As I recall this case centered on the establishment of a Federal Bank, the authority for which was not mentioned in said document, but which some wealthy and influential U.S. and Eurpoean bankers dearly wanted as a means to indebt our early republic and make it dependent on their largess.  Hamilton, an avid supporter of commerce and the need for monetary policies and controls to foster expanded U.S. manufacturing, strongly backed such a bank.  Hamilton was also the main political instigator of the unfair taxation which precipitated the Whiskey Rebellion, I believe the only time in which U.S. Army troops were ordered to fire on our own citizens.)  Since then, any excuse the President and Congress can come up with is sufficient to create a  new!
 agency and expanded authority.  Completely circumventing the Constitutional intent of the founders, which was only non-obvious to the politically savy SC judges.
Friday, July 11, 1997
                    Isn't this court made up of conservatives? By Leon Friedman
The Supreme Court has declared 141 federal laws unconstitutional, an average of less than one law every year.
But in the last week of its 1996-97 term, the Supreme Court declared three federal laws unconstitutional. The laws involved were not minor or technical statutes. The court struck down the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, a law making it more difficult for government to burden religious practice, which was endorsed by almost all religious groups and passed by an almost unanimous Congress.
The court invalidated a provision of the Communications Decency Act, which tried to protect against indecent material being posted on the Internet where it would be available to children -- another provision that received almost complete Congressional approval.
Finally, the court nullified a crucial Brady Act section requiring local police to make background checks of gun buyers to ensure that ex-criminals or mental patients don't purchase firearms.
The Rehnquist court is supposed to be composed of conservatives. Isn't it an article of faith among conservatives that the high court and all federal judges are supposed to defer to popular will as expressed through the legislature?
Throughout our history, judicial review has been a double-edged sword. In the 1930s, a conservative Supreme Court -- the nine old men -- invalidated many New Deal laws on the grounds that Congress lacked power to regulate business affairs
across state lines. It was only when President Franklin Roosevelt threatened to pack the court that it backed off and decided that the New Deal Congress had the power to pass most of the reform laws in question.
Thirty years later, the situation was reversed. The Warren court invalidated a series of laws punishing Communist Party membership or restricting individual rights, relying on the First Amendment and other provisions of the Bill of Rights as the basis for its decisions. Then a howl went up among conservative critics that it was usurping the role of the legislature.
What has happened more recently is that leading members of the court have found a new rationale for striking down federal laws. Focusing on the structure of the Constitution and the need to restrict governmental power on all levels, this court has found new limits on what Congress can do.
In the Brady Act case, it held that Washington cannot make the states or state officials carry out federal policies or federal directives. The other recent cases were also significant. The decision striking down the ``indecency'' sections of the Communications Decency Act was in keeping with the court's concern about protecting First Amendment rights from being restricted by
Congress. But the other key decision was based on the court's conclusion that Congress could not expand individual rights, either.
In a case decided seven years ago, the court had limited the free exercise clause of the First Amendment. But under Section Five of the 14th Amendment, Congress has the power to ``enforce the provisions'' of that amendment ``by appropriate legislation,'' including the power to protect the constitutional rights of citizens against state encroachment. Congress decided that the court's analysis of the free exercise clause was too restrictive, and it sought to expand religious rights by relying on its enforcement powers under Section Five.  But the Supreme Court held that its judicial interpretation of the Bill of Rights was conclusive. In restricting the power of Congress to act, the court has arrogated to itself far greater governmental powers than any other branch of government, and it has taken on far greater powers. And all this is being done under a conservative banner of judicial restraint
Leon Friedman is a professor of constitutional law at Hofstra University Law School.

@_date: 1997-11-15 13:37:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Br'er Tim and the Bug Hole 
Many injustices follow from form and scale of government.  I won't be the first to point out that as the number of people, geography and ethnic diversity increase governance becomes ever more difficult and as is the balancing of individual liberty over the "overiding interests of the society."  The solution is clear, the method of its emergence is not.  Smaller geo-political units.  I doubt that our pressing social and political problems can be adequately delt with until the scale of governance is changed, but this requires those in the center to give up much and historically this has rarely if ever happened without bloodshed.

@_date: 1997-11-16 17:43:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Anti-Grav? 
I must have been sleeping, but it appears I missed the emergence of another Fleischman-Pons ("cold fusion") style episode, this time having to do with antigravity.  Experiments in 1992 in Finland seemed to show that the Earth's gravity could be shielded with a superconductor.  This experiment, by Eugene Podkletnov, at Finland's Tampere University of Technology, apparently displayed a reduction in the weight of objects placed above a levitating, rotating high Tc superconducting disk, exposed to high frequency magnetic fields. There are at least three different theoretical models for the effect -- gravitomagnetism, local change to cosmological constant, and outright shielding.  Detractors have pointed to possible experimental errors as the cause for the apparent levitation.  The coupling of supercurrents to the classical gravitational field is extremely weak. The reason, of course, stems from the smallness of the coupling between gravity and the energy-momentum tensor of matter. One might wonder whether in a quantum theory of gravity - or at least in an approximation of the theory for weak fields - the Bose condensate of the Cooper pairs, due to its macroscopic quantum character, can play a more subtle role than as a simple contribution to the energy-momentum tensor. In other words, we wonder if the macroscopic quantum coherence of the condensate can be taken into account at a fundamental level in computing the interaction between the superconductor and the external gravitational field.  Results might then differ from those obtained for the gravitational coupling of "regular", incoherent matter.
It appears that a theory is being developed for simple shielding of gravity, in analogy with the shielding of microwaves by metal.  Different materials shield or don't  shield EM ratiation at various frequencies; metal shields microwaves, but plastic does not. Pure YBCO superconductors do not shield microwaves, but YBCO  doped with small amounts of lead or silver does.  They relate this to gravity shielding by virtue of two ideas -- that gravity might have a frequency (very high, on the order of the Planck length, or 10^34) -- a very speculative idea -- and that the bose condensate within a superconductor could radically lower the effective interaction frequency of gravity so that it could be shielded by ordinary matter. On a related note, NASA has Breakthrough Propusion page  which outlines their plans and activities to explore (and hopefully perfect) non-mass based propusion technologies.  They seem to be taking this seriously enough to form a Delta-G group at their Marshall Space Flight Center to try and reproduce Podkletnov's (and others) experiments.  PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-11-17 08:36:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Citizenship, soverignty and insular areas 
A very interesting report just published which, while explaining to a Congressional Committee about the legal status of certain small U.S. possessions and territories, touches on differences in the application of U.S. law and citizenship in these areas.  Interestingly,
"The Constitution does not apply in its entirety to territories solely by
virtue of the fact that those territories have come under the possession
and control of the United States. Whether rights under the Constitution
apply to a territory and, if so, to what extent depends essentially on either
of two factors, according to a series of Supreme Court decisions called the
Insular Cases.15 The first is whether the right in question is considered to
be "fundamental" or not; the second is whether the Congress has taken
legislative action to extend the Constitution to the territory."
In particular, federal income tax does not apply to many of these possessions (e.g., Saipan) and have become tax havens for some U.S. citizens.
-  U.S. Insular Areas: Application of the U.S. Constitution.
OGC-98-5. 13 pp. plus 7 appendices (58 pp.) November 7, 1997.

@_date: 1997-11-17 08:37:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: House Panel Questions FBI Implementation of Wiretap Law 
I doubt any of these revelations will come as a shock to list members.
Excerpt from ACLU News 10-26-97
House Panel Questions FBI Implementation of Wiretap Law
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE Thursday, October 23, 1997
WASHINGTON -- Amid growing concerns about privacy implications and
costs, a House subcommittee today questioned FBI implementation of a
controversial 1994 law that forced telephone companies help law
enforcement agencies gain access to digital phone lines for
surveillance operations.
During the four-hour hearing before the Crime Subcommittee of the House
Judiciary Committee, two Republicans -- Bob Barr of Georgia and Steve
Chabot of Ohio -- were harshly critical of the 1994 law, has
implemented it, saying it represents an enormous invasion of privacy
and could lead to a system of ongoing government surveillance.
Seconding those criticisms, the American Civil Liberties Union said
that safeguards originally implemented in the legislation have failed
to protect the American public. "The hearing today clearly revealed
that the FBI is embarked on a scheme to undermine the privacy of every
law-abiding American," said Donald Haines, a Legislative Counsel with
the ACLU's Washington National Office.
"From the very beginning, the FBI has flagrantly violated both the
process and the requirements set out in the legislation," Haines
added.  "The FBI has repeatedly sought to coerce the telecommunications
industry into changing its technology so that law enforcement agencies
could increase their wiretapping."
The 1994 telecommunications act is far from the only effort by the FBI
to gain backdoor access to private communications. In another ongoing
Congressional debate, the FBI is trying to impose restrictions on the
use of privacy-protecting encryption technology.
"Congress must squarely confront this persistent pattern of FBI and law
enforcement intrusions into our privacy," Haines said. "Congress should
act immediately to repeal the 1994 law, or, at an absolute minimum,
refuse to fund any implementation activities."

@_date: 1997-11-17 14:04:52
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: [FWD] Finding a Face in the Crowd 
Found this on a visit to "Science NEWS - EurekAlert! Public Contents"
at   . Interesting to note that the technology
was developed with US military funding and is commercially marketed in
the EU.
Oh well Mr. Orwell, you've never believe how far we've come...
"Mugspot" Can Find A Face In The Crowd - Award-Winning Face-Recognition
Software Prepares to Go to Work in the Streets
Computer "eyes" are now up to such tasks as watching for fugitives in
airline terminals and other busy locations. A sophisticated
face-recognition system that placed first in recent Army competitive
trials has been given the added ability to pick out faces in noisy or
chaotic "street" environments.
The new "Mugspot" software module developed at the University of
Southern California automatically analyzes video images, looking for
passers-by.  When it finds them, it picks out the heads in the images
and then tracks the heads for as long as they remain in the camera's
Throughout this tracking process, the software is watching for the best
possible view of the subject's face -- the one that shows him or her
looking most directly at the camera. It selects the best view presented
and passes it on to the main face-recognition program.
This face-recognition software, developed at USC and the University of
Bochum, Germany, and now in commercial use for clients such as
Germany's Deutsche Bank, is robust enough to make identifications from
less-than- perfect face views. It can also often see through such
impediments to identification as mustaches, beards, changed hair styles
and glasses -- even sunglasses.
Cameras mounted in airports and bus stations, or aimed at oncoming cars
at traffic intersections, might continuously watch for known fugitives,
von der Malsburg says. Bank surveillance cameras could identify persons
seen at previous bank robberies.
The Mugspot system can scan eight video frames per second in real time,
and takes about 13 seconds to select the best view, process it for
identification, compare it to the several hundred faces in its memory
and decide whether it has found a match.
The three research associates who developed Mugspot with von der
Malsburg -- USC graduate student Egor Elagin, postdoctoral researcher
Hartmut Neven and Bochum University visiting graduate student Johannes
Steffens -- believe further refinement of the system can shorten that
time by half.
Mugspot is only the latest improvement in the USC/Bochum face
recognition software, developed with funds from the Army Research
Laboratory (ARL) and marketed commercially in Europe under the
trade-name ZN-Face.
The USC/Bochum system also shone in tests conducted under substandard
lighting conditions: It lost only a small fraction of its accuracy,
while competitors showed drastic falloffs in less-than-brilliant
The USC/Bochum system uses an unusual approach that mimics the
technique scientists believe the brain uses to recognize images. Von
der Malsburg, whose principal research interests lie in the
investigation of living brains, in fact carried out much of the
original research on the system as part of an attempt to understand
human face recognition. His research led to creating a computer model
of the way the brain's visual cortex processes information.
EM.MALSBURG3 -USC- NOV. 5, 1997
For Immediate Release: 5 November 1997
Contact: Eric Mankin   mankin       213 740 9344
from the University of Southern California News Service 3620 South
Vermont Avenue, Los Angeles, CA 90089-2538 Tel: 213 740 2215 Fax: 213
740 7600

@_date: 1997-11-17 13:14:06
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: [FWD] Technology and Privacy: The New Landscape 
Date: 06 Nov 1997 07:58:03 -0800 (PST)
    From: pagre (Phil Agre)
    Subject: Technology and Privacy: The New Landscape
Feel free to post where appropriate.
  Technology and Privacy:
  The New Landscape
  edited by
    Philip E. Agre
    University of California, San Diego
    Marc Rotenberg
    Electronic Privacy Information Center
  MIT Press, 1997
  Hardcover
  ISBN: 0-262-01162-X
  $25.00
  Available through the EPIC Bookstore:
      Excerpts from the introduction can be found at:
      MIT Press Web site:
    Privacy is the capacity to negotiate social relationships by
controlling access to personal information.  As laws, policies, and
technological design increasingly structure people's relationships with
social institutions, individual privacy faces new threats and new
opportunities.  Over the last several years, the realm of technology
and privacy has been transformed, creating a landscape that is both
dangerous and encouraging.  Significant changes include large increases
in communications bandwidths; the widespread adoption of computer
networking and public-key cryptography; mathematical innovations that
promise a vast family of protocols for protecting identity in complex
transactions; new digital media that support a wide range of social
relationships; a new generation of technologically sophisticated
privacy activists; a massive body of practical experience in the
development and application of data-protection laws; and the rapid
globalization of manufacturing, culture, and policy making.
The essays in this book provide a new conceptual framework for the
analysis and debate of privacy policy and for the design and
development of information systems.  The authors are international
experts in the technical, economic, and political aspects of privacy;
the book's strength is its synthesis of the three.  The book provides
equally strong analyses of privacy issues in the United States, Canada,
and Europe.
  Philip E. Agre
    Beyond the mirror world: Privacy and the representational
    practices of computing
  Victoria Bellotti
    Design for privacy in multimedia computing and communications
    environments
  Colin J. Bennett
    Convergence revisited: Towards a global policy for personal
    data protection
  Herbert Burkert
    Privacy enhancing technologies: Typology, vision, critique
  Simon G. Davies
    Re-engineering the privacy right: How privacy has been
    transformed from a right to a commodity   David H. Flaherty
    Controlling surveillance: Can privacy protection be made
    effective?
  Robert Gellman
    Does privacy law work?
  Viktor Mayer-Schoenberger
    Generational development of data protection in Europe
  David J. Phillips
    Cryptography, secrets, and the structuring of trust
  Rohan Samarajiva
    Interactivity as though privacy mattered

@_date: 1997-11-19 11:27:45
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Flight 007 and our Civil Liberties 
Actually, even when their knee-jerk security measures are relaxed it isn't publicized, probably for concern it might encourage would be mules and terrorists to take advantage of 'relaxed' security measures.  Case in point profiling and John Gilmore's run-in with airport security last year.  As I recall, John purchased his ticket with cash within 24-hour of departure and had only carry-on items.  He was subjected to what he felt were requests for an unnecessary search of his carry-on and person.  At the beginning of November and unannounced to the public, and seemingly unknown to most airline employees, such searches are now unnecessary under FAA regulation (don't have the particular citing).  Although notice of this change should have been posted in most airline employee break areas, few if any airlines offer regular rule update training to their ground personnel.  As a result many airline service agents continue the practice since its better to be safe... If a passenger objects and asks for a supervisor and assuming the sup is up to date on the regulations, they should not now be required to undergo this ordeal.
--Steve

@_date: 1997-11-20 16:17:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Flight 007 and our Civil Liberties 
What funny about the sniffers is that they can undoubtedly be fooled by almost any compounds (e.g., ammonium nitrate) having the hydrogen-nitrogen bond signature common to most all explosives.  Tricksters will undoubtedly have fun dusting the lobbies of airports with such chemicals an watching the resulting fun and confusion.

@_date: 1997-11-22 11:15:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: export restictions and investments 
Does that equally apply to foreign corporations owned partially or fully by U.S. citizens, as is the case I believe for C2's Anguillan corporation?

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:25:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: ISBN and EAR 
The Administration, through the EAR, has attempted to maintain the fiction that there is a qualitative difference between intellectual works made tangible in paper and those in electronic form.  Can a Federal court's introduction of evidence procedure be used to establish the interchageability of IP works in paper and elecronic form and if so can these rules be applied to the EAR?
The ISBN is an identification system for books and other media which allows for
order-processing by booksellers, libraries, universities, wholesalers and distributors. It identifies a title or edition of a title and is unique to that title or edition. The ISBN system was established in 1968 as a standard for books and other monographic publications. Today, the scope of the system has expanded to include other media such as calendars, spoken word audiocassettes, videocassettes and electronic media. Is anyone aware of a federal case, accepted into the SC, in which an work of intellectural property (esp. a book) admitted as evidence was referenced solely by its ISBN?
Might this direction a legally fruitful way to overturn the EAR fiction?

@_date: 1997-11-25 01:32:04
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Mondex help needed 
Yes, I'd be interested in seeing a copy.  Better yet, I'd be nice is a copy was posted on Eternity.
Ditto to above.
I talked with Bret Tobay, Tritheim Technology, (813) 943-8684, a Mondex certified developer at COMDEX.  They have a complete line of SC readers (SmartPort DT and LT) and software.  Development kit $495.
BTW, also had a very interesting discussion with the Chipper folks at COMDEX.

@_date: 1997-11-29 05:02:29
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Continuing coverage of Internet gaming 
Will Roulette Wheel Land on 'Ban' or 'Tax'?
Net Gaming Operator Wins Court Round

@_date: 1997-12-02 08:05:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Death Penalty Expanded 
Yes, but how about expanding the focus generally to WOMD (Weapons of Mass Destruction)?

@_date: 1997-12-05 02:08:10
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Superdistribution development/release 
Undoubetedly there will be attempts to create display chips with built-in decryption and special display and/or raster/vectorizing approaches which are comfortably viewed but are difficult to snap shot using "screen shooters" or simple capture hardware.  With the new USB and FireWire interface standards this isn't too far fetched.  All, as you say probably doomed to failure.

@_date: 1997-12-05 02:04:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Borders books, was Re: 
Fortunately, this gives a significant price advantage to Web-based book stores, like Amazon.com, who can sell w/o adding state/local taxes.  In fact Amazon has sued Barns & Nobel for, I believe, unfair competition claiming they were not adding these taxes to their on-line book orders.  No doubt the major book sellers wishing to enter on-line sales will be looking for ways to avoid having to tax and the state attorneys general will be looking closely into enforcing their state sales and use taxes.

@_date: 1997-12-05 11:20:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Cato forum tomorrow: should money laundering be a crime? 
I wish I had found out about this earlier.  Are you planning to attend?  This topic, of course, is near the top of many libertarian e-commerce agendas.  Almost every mainstream news article and regulatory report repeats the littany that Money Laundering, that is the movement of money to disguise it origin (even if there are no predicate offenses) must remain illegal because it damages or is a threat to the world banking and financial system (not just the tax take of governments), but I have yet to see any explanation of how and why.  Anyone care to comment?
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-12-08 12:49:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Cato forum tomorrow: should money laundering be a crime? 
You've got this all backwards.  The bearer certificates (paper money) issued by governments is an interest-free loan by those holding the paper to the issuer.
Most of this bad debt is from unwise or even illegal speculation.  I propose that it is much more common for those who deal in money from anonymous sources to look to placing that money into mainstream operating businesses and investments than as assests to back fraudulent loans, although this certainly does happen (perhaps some of the bad debt held by Japanese banks to alledged Yakusa might fall in this latter category.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-12-09 01:30:49
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Cato forum tomorrow: should money laundering be a crime? 
If my header lines implied this, it was inadvertent.  I agree more 'relevent' content on CP is desireable.
Isn't uttering a check protected speech?  What about if a check is stego-coded in some political rant?  Can the Feds insist I not utter that speech?
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-12-11 06:23:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Brilliant Anti-Armor Submunition: Opportunity Exists to ConductCritical Test Prior to Production Decision 
The following item was added to GAO's World Wide Web site in Portable Document (PDF) format. -  Brilliant Anti-Armor Submunition: Opportunity Exists to Conduct
Critical Test Prior to Production Decision. NSIAD-98-16. 13 pp.
plus 1 appendix (6 pp.) October 30, 1997. The Army is developing the brilliant antiarmor submunition, with acoustic
and infrared seekers working in tandem, to autonomously search for,
track, and destroy moving armored targets. This submunition is to be
carried deep into enemy territory by the Army Tactical Missile System
(ATACMS) Block II missile, which is still in development and is a
modification of the in-production ATACMS Block IA missile, which carries a
different submunition. The brilliant antiarmor submunition and the ATACMS
Block II missile are a $4-billion system designed to support the Army's
"deep fires" mission, which calls for the destruction and/or disruption of
enemy forces at ranges exceeding 100 kilometers. Each Block II missile is
to carry 13 submunitions that will be dispensed over large clusters of high
payoff targets to attack and destroy individual targets. The advantage of
the submunition is that it can cover a large area when dispersed, which
allows it to compensate for target location errors.

@_date: 1997-12-11 06:23:25
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Trivia / Re: Singapore & Freedom (fwd) 
Third party, anonymous, telephone services are available.  One in Las Vegas (at least it used to be) is Private Lines, which is an anonyous re-dialer using 900 number billing for payment.

@_date: 1997-12-14 02:38:23
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: remailer hashcash spam prevention 
I disagree that the best way to implement hashcash is solely via the SMTP mechanism.  Almost any efficient hashcash mechanism will require some sort of history file, or "invited list," to allow mail lists and those we have corresponded with to continue to do so w/i having to supply hashcash each time.  This list contains information which might have privacy implications and so should not be stored at the ISP, which can be forced to reveal such info w/o the knowledge of the client.
If 'open' list policies were changed so that anyone could post if they supplied enough hashcash for each mailing list recipient for their first 1 or 2 posts, and thereafter no longer needed to supply hashcash (sort of minimum reputation capital), it might eliminate hit-and-run or throw-away account SPAMers without offering too high a hurdle to new or infrequent posters.
Since most popular email clients allow plug-ins (e.g. Eudora) or extensions via Java/ActiveX, providing hashcash functionality via a plug-in and the java generators you propose would provide a simple mechanism to test its effectiveness w/o needing to involve the IETF.  The shortcoming of a plug-in approach is that few newbies will know of it or install it and will therefore have to wait till its built into the new release of whatever client they use or until some or all of the features are supplied by their ISP, allowing those calling regulation to continue to blow their horns.  However, if after a successful cypherpunk beta we could get the major email client companies (Netscape, M$ and Qualcomm) to include our plug-ins with all their new updates and offer them for free download from their Web sites, it could quickly steal the CAUCE folk's thunder.

@_date: 1997-12-16 10:46:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Radio Free Cypherpunks... (fwd) 
Yeah, I posted it.
Over a year ago I started a heated thread on the Telecom Regulation list, "Basis of FCC jurisdiction," which posited that the Commerce Clause basis for FCC authority might not hold for very low power and tens of GHz transmissions.  My argument, in short, was that if a transmission couldn't reasonably be expected to be detectable (using common receiver technology) across state lines then the FCC shouldn't have jurisdition.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-12-16 10:55:19
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Fw: Jim Bell Sentenced (fwd) 
I think both you and Bell are in relatively good agreement on the problem, differing mainly on the means of a solution.  Although, like you I have never considerd engaging in acts of violence to right the wrongs in our legal structure, I also do not believe that the changes you wish can reasonably be expected to be achieved through legal and democratic means within our lifetimes.
Almost from the start of our nation, the actions of the Federal branches have proven that the Anti-Federalists were right, that the Constitution (as accepted) would not prevent their power grab.  Wasn't it Article 2, Section 18 which was intended to prevent such abuse, and which was easily overcome by the SC's liberal interpretation in Maubery vs. Madison?  Little has changed, nor it it likely to, within the system.  There's too much inertia and entrenched economic and political interest, including the electorate's acquiessence to limitations of their liberties in exchange for real or imagined protection from harm.  I can think of no instance when changes, of the magnitude of which you speak, were made during a peaceful transition.  Can you?

@_date: 1997-12-16 10:45:09
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: wilkenrules.html 
Yes, you might have a situation similar to that in Neal Stephenson's Snow Crash.

@_date: 1997-12-17 04:33:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Identity, Persistence, Anonymity, and Accountability--Part  I of II 
If you refuse to identify yourself to LE, how long can you be held (assuming their data base check turns up nothing.)

@_date: 1997-12-17 09:54:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Radio Free Cypherpunks... (fwd) 
I believe this is the type of systemic constitutional abuse, fostered by SC's expansive interpretations, which Jim Bell was attempting to address via AP.
These devices are low power, but must still meet FCC type approvals (e.g., Part 15).  I'm talking about confronting the FCC on the legality of their jurisdiction over non-type approved, intrastate manufactured and utilized devices.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-12-19 01:50:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: message dependent hashcash => no double spend database  (Re:hashcash spam prevention & firewalls) 
If I want to send an important message to you and I get a hashcash rejection reponse and I'm given a Web site where I can get a Java applet to create the hashcash, I'll do it.  We all know we must affix postage to our snailmail. Its time to embrace the postal system's paradigm and educate the reminder of the Net.  Those who risk missing an email or two will totally stop their SPAM. Those who won't, won't.
All we need is a small, influential, group to sing the praises of hashcash.  I'm sure Declan and Wired will pick up the banner if what we come up with works.  After that IETF activity is a far gone conclusion.

@_date: 1997-12-19 01:59:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: UK spooks invent RSA, DH in 1973 
I believe the GATT we signed prohibits so-called submarine patents which are  filed or issued significantly after their date of inception, frequently due to delaying tactics by the filer in the patent office.  If so, no gov't newly filed claims should affect the issued patents.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1997-12-22 07:33:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Don't lie to the marketers or Feds! from ZDNET 
Of course it is.  It hit these companies where it hurts most, their wallet when they try and sell data which purchsers find unreliable and refuse to purchse again or let leak to others thinking of purchasing.  If these companies cannot accurately collect data which customers really don't want to give them (and they may not have a lawfull requirement to request) anyway they may eventually stop asking since they're getting garbage.
The cure for SPAM is more SPAM.

@_date: 1997-12-22 07:30:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Is Anonymous Communication only for "Criminals"? (was: Re:  UCENET II and Peter duh Silva) 
There's probably is little incentive for the originating carrier to share their revenue with the phone operator.   The originating carrier could try and pass on the added cost of the payphone usage to the caller but this complicates the call completion arrangements, including (probably) the use of an Automatic Voice Response notifying the caller of the additional charges.  I've heard some U.S. cellular carriers are experimenting with "caller pays" billing.  Does anyone on the list have experience with "caller pays"?
An alternative to a change in billing arrangements might be to enhance the payphone.  All the phone manufacturer needs is to add a feature which disconnects the audio from the handset, alternately displays the incoming caller's number and a request for payment in order to complete the call.  The display continues and the audio is disconnected for as long as the incoming call is present.  Deposit the money and the call's audio is connected to the handset.  Operator is paid.  If desired, the phone can request payment in amount and frequency which corresponds to a easily understood rate (e.g., a local call.)
Possible problems: 1. Lack of information/loss of anonymity--if the caller has their Caller-ID blocked and neglects to temporarily turn it off the receiving phone will only be able to display "Unknown Caller,"  causing person waiting for a call to gamble that the caller is from the party expected, if caller turns off their Caller-ID block anyone near the phone can see their phone number whether or not the call completes or the expected receiving party is present.
2. Possible incompatibilities with existing payphone payment signaling systems.

@_date: 1997-12-23 09:48:07
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: hashcash spam prevention & firewalls 
eCache is probably the best solution for remailers (and probably SPAM in general) since real value can pass anonymously from sender to receptient.
Yes, especially when the list requires a hashcash 'initiation,' before allowing unlimited postings, to prevent many  common list SPAM abuses.

@_date: 1997-12-24 03:47:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Best Cypherpunk long gun 
Those looking for shorter range, large payload, weapons with small size and low weight should look into shaped-charge munition projectors.  Relatively easy to build and reliable, they can accelerate items to well over 10,000 fps (depending upon explosive used) and pretty accurately deliver multi-kilogram payloads over a 1/2 mile.  Good against buildings and hardened targets, like tanks, as at this velocity even more conventional projectiles can breech advanced armour.  Major shortcoming is they are use once items and not for close combat ;-)

@_date: 1997-12-26 02:00:16
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Freedom Forum report on the State of the First Amendment 
It has to do with the application of laws, especially Federal, to corporations.  Recall that Corporations are legal fictions and, unlike individuals, are not constitutionally vested with inaliable rights.  They have been affirmed some rights, including free speech bu the SC, but generally with more limitations.
Use of your property, as long as its private, were vested with many constitutional rights (many of which now been eroded by decades of SC 'interpretation').  However, once you operate a business upon a property (evidenced by the issuance of a business license) it becomes a 'public convenience' which can (and often is) heavily regulated and restricted.
So, operate w/o a business license and incorporation and keep your rights but risk prosection for tax evasion, or license your business and lose many of those consititional protections you covet.  Catch-22.
They simply showed their true 'liberal' idiological colors.  What they really seek isn't guarantees of equal opportunity but equal outcomes under law, what Robert Bork calls Radical Egalitarianism in his recent book, "Slouching Towards Gamorah."   Wrong, see my explanation, above.

@_date: 1997-12-29 06:14:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Netcraft Web server survey 
The Web continues its staggering growth.  According to the just published Netcraft Web server survey,  , the most popular servers increased in number from 1274396 in November to 1408805 in December (a compound annual rate of over 12%.)
Microsoft's Microsoft-IIS was the bigest gainer both in percentage (2.83) and numbers of sites (70838), while Apache continued to easily hold the high ground gaining only a somewhat smaller 60,000 new sites. The biggest losers were Netscape, slipping almost 3% in marketshare and NCSA.  C2's Apache server, while gaining a healthy 1500 new sites for the month (for an annualized rate of 18,000 unit sales), lost 0.1% in overall marketshare.
                               Top Servers
                 Server       Nov 97 Percent Dec 97 Percent Change
          Apache              695283   44.74 753341   44.79  0.05
          Microsoft-IIS       280917   18.08 351755   20.91  2.83
          Netscape-Enterprise  82304    5.30  88616    5.27 -0.03
          NCSA                 68719    4.42  68097    4.05 -0.37
          Stronghold           40276    2.59  41829    2.49 -0.10

@_date: 1997-12-30 09:35:42
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: newscolumn1.html 
Although there are a few U.S. state decisions regarding taxation of Net commerce, which vary considerably, most critical legal analysis I've read supports the mail order paradigm.  If so, states will be hard put to effectively pressure online merchants into compliance.  Cities are facing a similar bind.
No kidding. Read "tyranny."
It can't. Too bad.
However, since a merchant delivering goods electronically doesn't know where his customer physically resides (and why would they want to) the merchant has plausible deniability.  However, this is one more reason government will press for Net drivers licenses.
After this grasp will come the gasp, as they are forceed to admit that without a constitutional amendment allowing states greater control of interstate commerce (an unlikely event) they aren't likely to get their hands on this money.

@_date: 1998-01-01 09:18:41
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: [Anon newsgroup posting "censorship"] 
Here, here.  Making threatening statements or calling for someone's harm are not to be tolerated.  However, predicting someone's continued good health (as a psychic) and wagering on that prediction against other (psychics) who have different predictions is a contest of skill and not a threat or illegal in any way, even if these wagers, psychics and payouts are anonymous.

@_date: 1998-01-02 03:14:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Mobile phones used as trackers 
Anyone who desires not to be constantly tracked should carry a one-way pager and keep your cell phone turned off.  This way you can return calls when it suits you and from a location of your choosing. In some U.S. localities I understand, it it possible to rent cellphone w/o offering any form of ID, only a deposit to cover the instrument and a prepayment for the airtime  This may be illegal in some EU countries.  To keep someone from correlating your pager info and cellular you'd want your callers to send 'coded' info, rather than phone numbers.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1998-01-04 01:53:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Location Escrow anyone ? 
The FCC may have ruled it, but its doubtful that the carriers can provide it.  Doing better than than a cell sector will depend on many factors, including: specific technology (analog, GSM, CDMA, etc.), frequency and local propagation characteristics, especially multipath conditions.
800 MHz analog may be the most difficult. GSM perhaps can reach 500 meteres under ideal conditions (Andreas Bogk).  IS-95/CDMA probably a bit better than GSM due to the very high data (chip) rate and spread spectrum's better multipath characteristics, although the system's multipath performance most improves communications not ranging (Phil Karn, Qualcomm).
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1998-01-08 04:42:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Debit-card program cancelled because of fraud [FWD] 
According to the AP, Burns National Bank (Durango, CO) is cancelling its
debit-card program because of fraud.  The article is maddeningly incomplete
about technical details.
Apparently, the "hackers" (to quote the article) counterfeited plastic cards
and "took account number sequences off software that resides on the Internet
before encoding them in the magnetic strip on the back of the card."  When
the fraud was detected, some customers had new cards issued, with some
unspecified extra security feature.  It didn't work; within a month, the
accounts were penetrated again.
Three other banks have been victimized by a similar scheme.  All four use
the same debit card vendor; Burns blames the vendor for inadequate security,
in some unspecified form.  They're looking for a new supplier; until then,
the entire program is being suspended.  Losses to date -- which are
apparently being absorbed by the banks -- total $300,000.

@_date: 1998-01-12 07:15:32
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: GPS Jamming [FWD] 
I think this might have been mentioned in a CP thread sometime back.  At least it should have ;-)
*New Scientist* (8 Jan 1998,  included an
article saying that a Russian company called Aviaconversia was offering a
4-watt GPS/Glonass jammer for less than $4000 at the September Moscow Air
Show. It says that it could stop civilian aircraft locking onto GPS signals
over a 200 Km radius; military aircraft would be harder to jam, but a more
powerful unit could be built.
The risks (terrorism etc.) are fairly obvious, and it's mentioned that it
would probably be easy to build one even if this company's product is
somehow removed from the market.
Marcus L. Rowland  GPS uses a wideband Direct Sequence Spread Rectum technology.  DSSS, as implemented in GSP, is excellent for distance an direction finding due to its inherent, very accurate, time base.  In order to conserve satellite power and provide a reasonable signal level at small (e.g., handheld) receivers, it spreads a low data rate signal over wide band, achieving a 63dB 'process gain' (equivalent to about a 2 million fold increase in receive signal level).  DSSS signals (in general) can be jammed by very narrow (e.g., CW or continuous wave) carriers, especially pulsed, with relatively modest power.  GPS includes significant provisions for anti-jam and although I haven't done a detailed analysis, I'd be surprised if a 4-watt transmitter would render a 200 km radius unfit for GPS navigation.
See "Spread Spectrum  Communications Handbook," ISBN 0-07-057629-7.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1998-01-16 16:35:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: RSA Conference: Deterence measures for SPAM 
Kevin McCurley, IBM, delivered a paper on using electronic commerce techniques (i.e., d-postage) to deter SPAM.  He cites a work by Cynthia Dwork and Moni Naor, "Pricing via Processing or Combatting Junk Mail,"    I wan't able to access that paper and would be interested to know how similar their appraoch is to HashCash.

@_date: 1998-01-17 01:42:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: remailer resistancs to attack 
Came across this paper and thought it might address remailer reliability, "How to Maintain Authenticated Communication in the Presence of Break-ins,"

@_date: 1998-01-19 03:49:21
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: how to release code if the programmer is a target for (fwd) 
(I didn't see anyone comment on my posting under "Re: remailer resistancs to attack", so I thought I'd repost under this thread.  My apologies for any inconvience.)
Came across this paper and thought it might contribute to improving remailer reliability, "How to Maintain Authenticated Communication in the Presence of Break-ins,"

@_date: 1998-01-19 11:23:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: NTY compression proposal 
Compression efficiency depends upon 1) the entropy of the input data, 2) the allowable losses and 3) finding an efficient algorithm to code for that entropy.  For example, text rarely compress w/o loss beyond 4-5 to 1 (and 2-3 is more typical) using LZW (the defacto standard algorithm).  Images have much more correlation in their data (and therfore can be compressed more readily), but even so lossless compression beyond 3-5 to 1 is uncommon (e.g., TIFF).  JPG and other lossy algorithms need no apply.
I think I'm on fairly firm ground assuming that key data entropy is very high and therefore little or no compressible is feasible.

@_date: 1998-01-20 07:04:30
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: (eternity) Covert Superhighway - the missing component? 
A few U.S. ISPs are offering xDSL at $600/mo.  My local cable network, in Las Vegas, is offering bi-directinal T1 rates, with a guaranteed LOS, at $600/mo.  Once these technologies get rolling, in a year ot two, rates are likely to drop below $200/mo.

@_date: 1998-01-20 08:57:15
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: [cpj:265] COS] 
Any reason someone couldn't sell a generic (e.g., CHRP-like) PowerPC platform which can has at switch-selectable space for at least two OS boot SRAMs?  Ship it with Linux, but let the customer load whatever boot and OS they want.  There, of course, would be nothing the OEM could do if someone anonymously posted a MacOS compatible boot on a .warez group which purchasers subsequently loaded along with their separately purchased copy of MacOS 8-)

@_date: 1998-01-22 05:44:57
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: [Long] How to recover private keys for various Microsoftproducts 
Seems a good way to teach M$ a security lesson is to use Peter's code to snatch M$' ant significant keys on their corporate servers and publish.  Of course, they're probably too smart to leave important data just lying around on unsecure '95/NT servers and instead use Linux ;-)

@_date: 1998-01-22 07:50:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Intel introduces new compression technology for surfers  [CNN] 
Maybe they dynamically turn off the modem compression feature at both ends during an image download.  LZW-like compression actually adds overhead to files which are non-text based.

@_date: 1998-01-22 15:04:28
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Gore Commission wants to regulate the Net like broadcast 
That was the government's justification.
The measures being discussed at are clearly not in the interests of the public but of the continued maintenance of the state's priviledged position to influence or limit speech, information flow and public opinion.  The Feds cannot easily control millions of citizens directly and therefore need to create a franchise, like broadcast, whose licensees will bend to retain their priviledges.  This paradigm is the same as for crypto. Since their goal is to limit access to crypto (which is most likely to find widespread acceptance only after seemless integration with common products ) and the Feds find it more difficult to control individual (e.g., cypherpunk) efforts, EAR enforcement is geared to corporations and congressional debate is steered to jobs, corporate profits and competitiveness.  To the extent that civil liberties issues are raised the national security trump card is played.
These attempts at regulation show just how terrified they are of true free speech and every man a publisher.

@_date: 1998-01-23 11:51:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Intel introduces new compression technology for surfers  [CNN] 
Thanks for straightening this out.  I was thinking of MNP5 and couldn't find my modem's referemce manual to consider v.42/bis.

@_date: 1998-01-25 06:12:51
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Technology: R.I.P. 
A great article in today's Wired News Daily, by Virginia Postrel, eloquently explains why D.C. wonks are incapable even considering of any meaningful changes to the role or size of governent.

@_date: 1998-01-26 09:50:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Technolgies of Political Control 
The report makes mention of built-in surveillence feature in CCITT compliant ISDN products.  ""What is not widely known is that built in to the international CCITT protocol is the ability to take phones 'off hook' and listen into conversations occurring near the phone, without the user being aware that it is happening."  Seems like an awful lot of CP using ISDN gear should beware.  Many ISDN devices are firmware based.  Might this not spawn a number of good crack projects to remove this feature from popular products.  I use an Ascend P25.  The docs say its CCITT compliant.  Sooo does it enable this form of surveillence?  Enquiring minds want to know.
The draft paper referneces an article in SGR Newsletter, No.4, 1993.  Is this a reference to Scientists for Global Responsibility?  Where can I read a copy of this article?

@_date: 1998-01-27 01:26:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Technolgies of Political Control (fwd) 
Thanks, I recently reload my email client and it must have reset I fool the
parameters.  I don't notice this since Eudora wraps text by default.
I was aware of the POTS impedence trick, but the ISDN came as a shock.

@_date: 1998-01-27 10:12:56
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Cylink and Organized Crime? 
I worked at Cylink as Manager of Business Development from April 1992 -
April 1994.  I reported directly to both Lew Morris (CEO) and Jim Omura
(CTO) and know Jim socially, as well.  I know of no instance in which I
suspected Cylink had criminal ties (other than our own govenment ;-)
I heard that NSA people from the Fort (Meade) did request that Cylink
supply 'special' crypto devices to drug cartele clients I don't believe
they were accomodated (probably not enough lead time or Cylink was offered
too little money).
Ademco is a major stockholder, as are Jim and Lew (~20% combined) and
Renessisance Capital.

@_date: 1998-01-27 11:46:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Signing video... 
Although this could reduce the cost and power consumption in the camera how
does this guarantee that the signature information wasn't inserted later.
With today's excellent digital postprocessing it could be very hard to

@_date: 1998-01-28 11:59:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Planetary rovers, SETI and other musings, was Re: update.356 (fwd) 
I wonder how far off use of this technique for interplanetary rovers might
be (10 years, 20 years)?  Remote (Earth) rover manipulation is tedious at
best due to several minutes (or an hour or more to the outer planets) of
propagation delay.  Autonomous rovers need enough smarts built-in to handle
unexpected situations, a non-trivial problem.  An alternative is to
establish a link using entangled photons. If a simple approach to saving
these entangled states during signal transit, in both directions, were
found instantaneous communication and simplified remote control would be a
Of course one needn't stop there.  If entangled states could be stored for
several years, instantaneous communication with neighbooring stars is a
real possibility.  Coupled with advances in mind-machine science it might
someday be possible to explore, first-hand, our local portion of the galaxy
without leaving earth, or upload/download one's consciouness to vessels in
remote locations.
Speaking of which, do the current SETI programs check for signal modulation
using polarization.  If we've discovered this trick, sure so have other
intelligent life forms.  Most natural sources of radiation tend to
unpolarized, so a rapidly flucuating polar modularion might easily appear
to be noise.

@_date: 1998-01-28 15:46:03
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Planetary rovers, SETI and other musings, was Re: update.356(fwd) 
I don't understand why a command/synch channel is required.  Why aren't the
coding techniques commonly used in telecom and disk data encoding adequate
to both synchonize and convey data?

@_date: 1998-01-28 15:46:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Planetary rovers, SETI and other musings, was Re: update.356(fwd) 
I guess I'm over my head in such matters.  From my, admitedly, shallow
understanding of wave function collapse, etc., I was under the apparent
misimpression that once collapsed (e.g., by Alice entangling a 'modulation'
photon M (of a known polarization) with one member (photon A) of an
entangled pair, one of which was sent to Alice and the other (photon B)
which was sent to Bob, photon B's polarization state was determined and
could not subsequently be altered by Bob's measurement with his receiver.
Could you recommend a good article which explain this paradox to a
non-quantum mechanic?

@_date: 1998-01-29 03:11:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Planetary rovers, SETI and other musings, was Re: update.356(fwd) 
If that is the case, I still don't understand why and out-of-band signal is
required.  If the sender collapses the wave function shortly before the
signal reaches the intended receiver its unlikely to have changed
polarization again.

@_date: 1998-01-29 03:18:31
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Planetary rovers, SETI and other musings, was Re:  update.356 (fwd) 
One of the problems I have with SETI is that it assumes that a distant
civilization is sending out a beacon for others to home in on, and that
this beacon is a narrowband signal. What if most such civilizations aren't
looking for anyone and merely going about their own affairs, including
communications for their own needs?
Because of path losses it takes an incredibly strong narrowband signal to
traverse even relatively small cosmological distances and have any hope of
detection with our technology.  For example, Earth's strongest TV signals
could be detected by our present technology out to about 50 light years,
but no image reconstruction would be possible (insufficient S/N).  The
highest power transmitter-directional antenna, at Aricebo, can be heard to
about 300 light years, but its only transmitted a SETI beacon once and only
for a few minutes.
An excellent way to mitigate path loss is trading bandwidth for data rate.
GPS  garners an incredible 63 dB of process gain (or about a 2,000,0000
fold improvement) in this manner. If I was trying to send a electromagnetic
signal vast distances I'd use some form of spread spectrum.  Individually,
narrowband receivers are most insensitive to broadband 'noise' sources.
However, I wonder if it might be possible to configure the SETI
software to coordinate the narrowband channels signal analysis so as to
have a better chance of detecting broadband, pseudo-noise, signaling.

@_date: 1998-02-04 04:40:33
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: New RAND IW Study 
A very interesting RAND study, In Athena's Camp, was recently released. From the preface:
"New modes of war, terrorism, crime, and even radical activism-are
all these emerging from similar information-age dynamics? If so,
what is the best preparation for responding to such modes? When
the subject is warfare, for example, it is common wisdom that militaries
tend to prepare for the last war, and there is much historical
evidence to support this notion. Today, however, it is clear that defense
establishments around the world-and especially in the United
States-are thinking about how war will change, how the "revolution
in military affairs" (RMA) will unfold, and how the next war may well
be quite different from the last. Whether the focus is warfare, terrorism,
crime, or social conflict, we have striven to anticipate what the
spectrum of future wars and other types of conflicts will look like."

@_date: 1998-02-19 01:31:40
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Dealing with Spam, Part 2 
>>MailGuard, which can be downloaded from  interposes itself
A freeware Java-based, open architected client-side proxy (ByProxy), which includes agents for SPAM filtration, auto pgp encrypt/decrypt among others is posted to   It already has noCem and auto/manually builds a friends and enemies list (similar to MailGuard).
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
reply to schear - at - lvdi - dot - net ---
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:

@_date: 1998-04-23 10:25:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Position escrow 
Another, more sophisticated measure is to replace the omni with a
directional antenna (corner reflectors are pretty small at analog cellular
frequencies and above and can have excellent gain and front-to-back
ratios).  The disparity of your received signal between different cell
sites, plus the near-far problem for CDMA systems, could make accurate
location much more difficult.
PGP mail preferred, see  	 and
RSA fingerprint: FE90 1A95 9DEA 8D61  812E CCA9 A44A FBA9
RSA key:
