
@_date: 1998-05-04 02:39:35
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: The Usual Suspects (National sales tax) 
of the graduated tax with a national sales tax is the removal of much of
the current rationale for FinCEN and citizen identification (i.e., SSN).
Certainly, it should no longer be required for establishing a non-credit
financial institution account, purchasing a money order/cashier's check or
wiring money.  In fact, you shouldn't need SSN for employment, except that
unless you supplied some number (even if psueduanon) you'd forego accruing
benefits.  The use of SSN for the ID runs the gammut in local, state and
federal programs, but is most often justified for purposes of taxation.
Now, I'm not naive enough to believe that any of these gov't agencies or
private corps are going to willing give up citizen unit IDs, but it will be
interesting to see their new rationales for the continued use of SSN (or
its replacement) for ID.

@_date: 1998-07-20 17:14:02
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: 3DES weak because DES falls to brute-force? (was Re: John Gilmore...) 
I think it likely, biological computation based brute force attacks will be
available much sooner than many think.

@_date: 1998-09-13 10:55:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Citizenship silliness.  Re: e$: crypto-expatriatism 
No doubt the Arabs were being given the shaft. First by the Ottomans
(western lackys that they were) and then by the superpowers themselves
after they could no longer hide behind a puppet regime.
The Arabs didn't make things any better by refusing to accept any Jewish
settlers, including those who had purchased land from first the Ottomans
and then the Palestinians. The Palestinians had been told no harm would
come to those of them who stood aside and warned if they fought or fled
their lands they wouldn't be welcomed back.
When it comes to nations, fairness has historically had little influence on
such outcomes. In the end, all property belongs to those who can keep it
(by whatever means are necessary).

@_date: 1998-09-14 01:14:05
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: radio net 
I investigated this application several years back and see two practical
approaches: one adapt a commercial SSB or Ham transciever to use frequency
hopping spread spectrum, or two build a pirate spread spectrum satellite
ground station.
Until recently most SSB gear didn't have the RF characteristics to use FH.
Now there are a number of inexpensive sets which use direct frequency
synthesis (as opposed to the older, and much slower, phase-locked loop
approach) and can be driven at hundreds or even thousands of hops per
second. FH helps solve two problems: first it provides privacy, second it
can mitigate or eliminate fading (which is highly time-frequency
correlated). Also, the higher the hop rate, the higher the process gain,
jam resistance and the lower the probablity of intecept (all other things
being equal).
It think it was Phil Karn (Qualcomm) who once mused that it would be rather
straightforward to masquarade a high process gain SS signal on a commercial
satellite transponder. To it's owners the SS signal would be almost
invisible, making itself known as only a very slight depression in the
transponder's gain. Effectively, this could offer an inexpensive covert
channel for tunneling packets and thwarting traffic analysis.
After the Captain Midnight episode I discussed this possibility with a very
technically knowledgeable staffer at the FCC and was assured that discovery
of such signals were beyond (at that time) the ability of commercial and
national technical (e.g., Lacrosse) means.
There's much more, but this should give you the general idea.

@_date: 1998-09-16 10:01:20
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: radio net 
Because commercial satellite gear is almost always asembled from several
vendors to form a station, and because it can be assembled in many ways and
is invariably done so by professionals, there are no U.S. satellite
equipment regulations for such gear.
Surplus gear is pleantiful for those who know where to look. The hardest
part is building the SS mod/demod and that's pretty straight forward for
any competent RF engineer.
If low bandwidth links can suffice, the very large spread codes (such as
those used by GPS) can be used to place the covert channel well below the
noise floor.  GPS uses a whopping 63dB of code gain.  This in turn means a
small earth station with low power (cheap) transmitter can suffice.  I
would be surprised if you could use a backyard or even DirectTV antenna.

@_date: 1998-09-17 22:58:14
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Mobile phone tracking, pagers, etc 
If you can get hold of the older, analog, 'transportable' cell phones (like
Motorola used to make) which have an antenna connector, its relatively easy
to spoof the cell ranging system.  Just connect a directional antenna
(<$75) to the port (corner reflectors which have excellent front-to-back
ratios are particularly good).  You should easily be able to fool their
signal strength based equipment into thinking your in an adjacent cell.  If
you can find high ground so much the better.
Universal, an early U.S. analog cellular mfg. built this sort of unit in
the early '90s.  It was an idea ahead of its time.
Yhis is a great cypherpunk service.  Allow our fellows to make free local,
VoIP, calls from our PC/PSTN links.

@_date: 1998-10-19 11:21:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: More on Postel 
Try Posted at 5:31 p.m. PDT Saturday, October 17, 1998
Net pioneer Postel dies after surgery

@_date: 1998-10-24 00:09:44
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: IP: Enhanced Ability to Tap Cell Phones 
Looks for a real opportunity for civil liberty groups to sponsor Cellular
Crowds gatherings. By this I mean a place where people can exchange
pre-paid cellular phones. Since they are becoming a commodity (cost,
features, etc.) I wouldn't mind swapping mine for someone elses as long as
the amount on the card is the same. Pre-paid air time is still at quite a
premium and roaming is generally restricted, but improving all the time.

@_date: 1998-10-29 00:38:08
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: UK police chase crooks on CCTV (fwd) 
An alternative is a new religion, The First Cypherpunk Church, whose
members are admonished to wear identiy hiding (oops, I mean modesty
enhancing) garb, like arab women. Then we can all go around anonymously in
public. Of course, you'll stick out like a sore thumb and may look like a
fool unless enough parishoners join, but....

@_date: 1998-11-01 07:12:11
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: don't use passwords as private keys (was Re: Using a  password as a private key.) 
That's why some recommend that all secret e-mail be composed and encrypted
on a laptop while disconected from the AC mains, and better yet operated in
an open area (a park) or a place with lots of other electrical noise (a

@_date: 1998-11-08 09:42:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: ISPs now responsible for Pirated Material 
Not really a problem. Its one thing to require a contact person. It's quite
another to get an ISP to provide sufficient resources to adequately police
its feed. In many of the Usenet .warez. groups, for example, postings
expire after only a few hours/days. By the time action is taken its gone
The ISPs made a very good argument, in the SC CDA hearings, that policing
their feeds and access was impractical. Sounds like this could be pretty
much the same problem.
I wonder how Eternity servers, using Usenet references, would be treated
under these regs?

@_date: 1998-11-08 12:57:00
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: IP: Discover Alien Life With Your PC And SETI 
Perhaps I'm missing something, but it seems to me that if I were an alien
civilization and wanted to send out a beacon, in as wide an angle as
possible, across the vast reaches of space and overcome as much of the path
losses as possible using the least energy I certainly wouldn't use a narrow
band signal. Quite the contrary, I'd want to spread a low bandwidth
information signal across the widest practical spectrum. Its much easier to
increase process gain (the ratio of the baseband information signal to the
final carrier bandwidth) than transmit power.
While a narrow band signal from Arecibo's powerful transmitter/antenna
combination can be detected at a distance of about 300 light years. It
subtends a very small angle greatly reducing the likelyhood of contact.
Switching to a spread spectrum approach could allow broadening the antenna
pattern, and thereby its chances of detection, significantly without
reducing its effective range. Notice how 63 dB (or over 2,000,000 fold
effective increase in transmit power) of process gain enables handheld GPS
receivers to pull in signals from satellites, sent using only a few watts
of transmit power, without much of an antenna.
If all this seems to make sense, then why are the SETI people apparently
seaching the skies with lots of narrow band receivers? They don't seem to
be employing any broadband correlator techniques, so spread signals will
probably be missed.

@_date: 1998-11-09 06:39:34
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: A question about the new ISP ruling and email... (fwd) 
And this is where we should fight them. When the CDA was struck down one of
the compelling arguments accepted by the court was that it was way too
costly for information providers to police those accessing their sites. The
same argument can easily be made for posted materials, especially the huge
Usenet feed.

@_date: 1998-11-13 04:05:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Cylink Sued for Stock Fraud 
I heard, from a former senior employee, a week or so ago that things were
not well there, but had no idea it was this bad (ir I would have shorted
the stock, oh well).

@_date: 1998-11-20 05:08:27
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: SIGH... NOT!! THC tainted oranges 
I raised a similar thread last year. I caused quite a bit of comment. Since
then I've discussed the possibility of employing a common yeast or other
organism to allow individuals to create their own home pharmacies with
friends and acquintances in this sector. Their opinions vary but all
assured me that desktop genetic engineering and production capabilities are
likely no more than 10 years away and that fed measures to prevent this
will likely be singularly ineffective.

@_date: 1998-11-20 07:32:50
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: learn computer forensics with the boys from the US Treasury 
I see that the Mac and various Unix varients are not well represented in
these courses...

@_date: 1998-11-20 12:14:37
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Piracy and cypherpunks 
I tried to take a crack at it in Laissez Faire City Times

@_date: 1998-11-23 09:06:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Free Email as Anonymous Remailer Re: NPR is at it again... 
Could something like Hot Lava's proxy  be a
good starting point?

@_date: 1998-12-02 04:17:26
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: New Brady Bill Implications 
How does this affect private, that is non-dealer, gun sales (like at swap

@_date: 1998-12-06 12:52:59
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Streams, Voice, and Sensitive Dependence 
While I was explaining the GSP8191's features to an engineer a few weeks
back he ask whether anyone had thought of how to do secure conferencing via
analog technology. I've never seen such a device. I wonder if such a thing
is practical given the limitations of modem protocols. Certainly one could
use a specialized digital device to join the clear analog channels, but
then you have to all trust this device and that's not been compromised
(anothre MITM).

@_date: 1998-12-07 13:08:55
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: tyranny of corporations (was: Corporate Nations) 
The hitman image certainly rings true for some top execs I've met. I  recall a session with a corporate sociologist many years ago (the company was going through one of those team-building bullshit affairs). I had completed a psychological profile tests and we were reviewing the results. She was given to occasional black humor and on this particular occasion told me she has some good news and some bad news, asking which I prefered hearing first. I selected the good news, whereupon she said that my profile was an exact match with those who reach the highest levels of the corporate world. Then the bad news, its also the profile of a master criminal. I kid you not.
As to hyperindividualism, Robert Bork covered this topic in his recent book Slouching Toward Gamorah. In it he identified two idiological diseases infecting America: radical equality and radical egalitarianism (i.e., hyperindividualism). Both, in his opinion, are a result of a warped evolution of 20th Century liberalism.
Since many in our society seek to emulate these hitmen (i.e., get a piece of the rock at any cost) and have no more scruples themselves than those to whom they aspire, anonymous betting pools could harness the more extreme members in a populist fashion to counterbalance our new age robber barrons and politicians. The solution to hyperindividualism isn't regulation (which can be blunted or co-opted by those with the bucks) but allowing those below to profitably advance at the expense of those at the top. Dynamic equilibrium in a new marketplace. Sort of like the way Klingons get field rank advancements.

@_date: 1998-12-27 14:05:43
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Locating radio receivers 
There has been quite a bit of discussion on the list of late regarding
covert radio communication. I've been doing some investigation and have
identified a promising low probablity of intercept technology for
terrestrial, ground-to-air and earth-to-satellite communication. I'd like
to assemble a small team to build and test a proof of concept. Anyone with
interest and skillsplease contact me?

@_date: 1998-12-31 14:15:39
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Stinger strike stagesetting 
There's a story in the Dec. 30, 1998 Washington Post about how US intelligence acquires foreign weapons technology. Specific mention is made about trading US Stinger missile know-how to China for whatever. My guess is the government's trying to set the stage to shift blame away from CIA for leaking antiaircraft missile technology, 1000 Stingers in the hands of Afghan rebels notwithstanding, and the aircraft disasters to come.
A Pakastani lecturer on NPR radio today (didn't catch his name) stated that one 'fallout' from the recent cruise missle attack of Ben Ladin's suspected Afgani lairs was a failed cruiser which landed in perfect working order in Pakastan. The Pakastanis consider this one of Allah's best recent gifts and their scientists are busy reverse engineering the bird.
