
@_date: 1994-01-21 12:56:58
@_author: Tom Schulz 
@_subject: Detweiler, Schmetweiler.... 
I joined this list about two weeks ago, and there's a hell of a lot of
traffic regarding this detweiler goof. Get detweiler, who's detweiler,
let's not remail anymore cuz of detweiler, detweiler's bugging me so I'm
Blah Blah Blah Blah fucking blah.
 Check this out:
1. This guy is a goof.
2. By punching 'n' or 'd' you can filter him out.
 Ta-dah. Solution to detweiler. Let's get on with the revolution, brothers
and sisters rather than engaging in geeky net.gossip . Detwhiner comes to
my house to harass me I'll send him packing northside style, but until that
comes to pass I think I can deal with it.
  Isn't it about time we begin to work in earnest towards our true goals,
that of freeing ourselves from these government monstrosities through
application of cryptography ?
  Why don't you guys start a new detweiler list ? Then everybody who wants
to talk about detweiler, reply to detweiler, blah blah blah can carry on and
then I only have to filter out detweiler's own rantings..
No ! Wait ! Better yet ! Sci.cryptography.detweiler.piss.off !! Ya, that'd
be cool.
< insert appropriately sarcastic smiley here.....>

@_date: 1994-01-24 16:46:41
@_author: Tom Schulz 
@_subject: Ha Ha. I beat the Klippa. 
This clipper chip the NSA proposes would have it's keys kep by a separate
agency ( yeah, right ). So, until they took you to court, they couldn't
really reveal that they knew what all those encrypted transmissions were.
So, encrypt with PGP or some other strong crypto, then use the clipper chip.
The only way they 'could' know what you were transmitting would be by getting
a subpoena and stuff, and then you could say , well, shucks. I forgot the
damn number. Warm up the Cray , homes..........

@_date: 1994-09-05 19:14:52
@_author: Tom Schulz 
@_subject: Punk Rock Zine 
Hi  Me and some friends of mine are compiling a punk rock fan zine, and i wish to
include a section outlining public key cryptography, the cypherpunks as a group, etc.
 I was wondering if anybody had any press releases, or short (like 1 page)
RSA or PGP articles or that sort of thing. It won't be a huge spread or
anything, but it will  be positive nondigitial media press for cypherpunkism.
I am not a current list member, so please email me at schulz
TOM SCHULZ
