
@_date: 1998-11-13 03:43:34
@_author: scoops 
@_subject: GOST 
Jetico  a Finnish company (I believe) offers a number of
encryption algorithms in its BestCrypt package, among which is GOST which
it reports having a 256 key (it also sports Blowfish and DES as I recall).
I also remember a few weeks ago reports in the press and on the List of a
porn ring broken up and some agent involved saying that the some porn was
encrypted in an old KGB program which sounded much like GOST.  The
implication is that it's transparent to the feds.  However I have no idea
about various levels at which it might be implimented.  I'm sure the real
experts on the List will fill you in.

@_date: 1998-11-12 16:45:11
@_author: scoops 
@_subject: Fwd: GOST 
encryption algorithms in its BestCrypt package, among which is GOST which
it reports having a 256 key (it also sports Blowfish and DES as I recall).
I also remember a few weeks ago reports in the press and on the List of a
porn ring broken up and some agent involved saying that the some porn was
encrypted in an old KGB program which sounded much like GOST.  The
implication is that it's transparent to the feds.  However I have no idea
about various levels at which it might be implimented.  I'm sure the real
experts on the List will fill you in.

@_date: 1998-11-14 15:54:56
@_author: scoops 
@_subject: Re: DBS, Privacy, Money Laundering nonsense. 
At 12:43 AM 11/14/98 -0500, Robert Hettinga wrote in Response to Black
Scoops response:
Mr. Hettinga your comments on the federal abuses on money laundering
prosecutions are right on.  As an attorney I have seen time and time again
the mere *threat* of bringing a money laundering charge enough to make
innocent defendants take pleas.  We all know that the crime of money
laundering was invented to catch mafiosos and other scofflaws.  However the
gradual broadening of the intent of the statute now just catches ordinary
people in the course of either legal or illegal activities that involve a
bank -- or other financial institution.  A bookkeeper is accused of
embezzling $10,000 from his employer and puting the money in his checking
account.  Lets say he has a reasonable defense to his actions.  Was the
money laundering statute intended to cover this crime?  No.  Will a federal
prosecutor (or even state) lay on a money laundering charge?  Of course.
The deal is, if the guy loses, he gets six months on the embezzlement and a
*minimum* of five or seven years on money laundering.  So you tell me?
Does he plead even if he could beat the embezzlement rap?  Of course.
A quick story.  True unfortunately.  A guy sells parts for jet planes.
Expensive.  Usual tab $50,000 to $200,000.  One day he sends an invoice for
$100,000 instead of $10,000.  He's got no reason to immediately notice that
it's'wrong.  He uses the U.S. mail.  That's mail fraud.  He asks his
secretary to see what she can do.  That's conspiracy.  He gets fed up and
calls the buyer who he thinks is a dead beat.  That's wire fraud.  In the
middle of the mess he changes his bank account from Bank of America to
Wells Fargo.  That's money laundering.  The buyer complains to a U.S.
attorney.  A grand jury indicts.  He's looking at something like 40 years.
The man's nearly in a coma that something like this could happen.  It's
Alice in Wonderland.  Naturally, all his money is seized and he can't
afford a private attorney and gets a competent but not overly zealous
federal public defender.  If the man had actually stolen $100,000, with
restitution and if it was his first offense, he get maybe a couple years.
Maybe probation.  But he doesn't even have the money!  Naturally, after a
few months in a federal detention facility (he can't make bail because the
feds have his assets) he starts listening to the other horror stories of
other fish caught in the net.  He sees what happens to them.  You fight and
there's a 98% chance that you lose.  And if you lose you get the maximum.
But if you plead out, we're looking at a slap on the wrist -- say a year or
two.  In his mind he hasn't committed anything even remotely like a crime
and he feels he completely innocent.  But he also knows that he's already
been in jail for about 1/2 of his sentence.  He vows to leave Amerika as
soon as he's out.  He perjures himself.  Admits his guilt under oath.  He
shows remorse for his crime.  The feds drop everything except some offense
that he can get a "5 and 5" -- five months in, five months on house arrest
(ankle bracelet).  He takes a felony hit on his record.  He loses all his
licenses.  He's ordered to pay costs of  $50.  He's already been in 5
months.  He's released the next day after they strap on the bracelet.  His
life is ruined.  His business is dead.  He is bankrupt.  The feds won't
give any of the money back unless he sues them.  He's got no money for an
attorney.  He's done.  This is not fiction.  This happens hundreds of times
a day all over this country.  Oh, did I mention the fine?  Yeah, it's only
$5000.  But here's the latest twist in federal jurisprudence.  The
Assistant U.S. Attorney has been to a new training program to insure
compliance with paying fines and restitution.  In his plea agreement the
new criminal has agreed that in the event he does not pay the fine on
schedule, the feds may retry him on ALL the original charges and he waives
double jeopardy.  Unconstitutional you say.  Sure.  But that's not what the
Supreme Court says.  Amerika.  Love it or leave it.
