
@_date: 1996-07-29 07:01:13
@_author: hence the aol address - just a local phone call from anywhere! 
@_subject: Just some comments on what I've read here 
1) Seems to be some excitment about banning information on the internet
Setting up a set of computers for a private net is not that big a deal (just
some money involved and with the availability of Linux - a UNIX variant - for
free make it hardware and telephone costs.)  Do it for companies all over
(hence the aol address - just a local phone call from anywhere!) and it works
just fine.
So if people want to play by different rules.. it's possible.  Think of it as
a members only social club.  (I can make computers real hard to get into, but
social engineering kicks my butt all the time.)
2) Whats wrong with America?
I've been leaning towards Libertarian for some time now.  Voted for Ross last
time as a message I ain't happy with how things are going over there.  Likely
gonna vote Harry Brown - my first vote for a Libertarian.  (He is seems to
have it together versus the others) - but hey, gettin off the subject
Seems we are no longer United in these United States...
A stranger is not a potential friend or ally but a potential robber, baby
raper... you fill in the blank.  We're all scared of each other!
Something has been happening where rich are pitted against the poor, the
working against the non-working, races vs other races.  Is it a conspiracy as
some of my friends who look for black helicopters say, or a natural reaction
of politicians and "leaders" seeing a formula that works and then
implementing it.
To much Hard Copy and Extra reporting out there too.  I don't give a rat's
a*s about most of the sh*t their putting out (censorship mine for those with
delicate eyes).  But US culture has become very valuable and ya gotta get
them foreign markets ya know.
There was a time when a famil could have a picnic on the white house lawn.
 Then it got gated, now the street is closed.  Our leaders seem to be no
longer among us.
But it doesn't matter.  Some beuracrat (sp) gets a bug up their butt to give
you trouble, your f*cked.  With a seconds thought and a signature on a peice
of paper ya can have your land gone or your bank account cleared or you name
it.  One second and on to the next thing as far as they are concerned.  Can
we impeach them? Can we vote for someone else next time?  They're a buffer
between the ones we can give trouble too.
Plus Laws are so damn big these days.  It takes a ream of paper (sometimes a
whole 3000 page box of paper) to print these things out.  You can bet the
leg. not reading these things!  They got advisors to read over sections and
say this is good, this is bad.  The real representatives and senators are out
looking for campaign money.  So damn, I now speculate these guys and gals are
letting the advisors put the laws together - again someone not answerable (or
even known) to the public.
So now, you got legislators not reading the bills they are working on and
there is a whole army of serfs ready to make some regulations that are in
effect the same as law and ready to start looking for people to bother so
they can look busy - and these serfs are not answerable to the public.
Sorry, but congress is a part time job as far as I'm concerned.  These laws
are the result of people with nothing to do.
I listen to the TV set and I hear "Oh we gotta law comin to fix this".
 Bullsh*t.  There are plenty of other laws out there to hassle trouble makers
with.  They didn't nab Capone on murder, but on tax evasion.  People fix
stuff, not laws.  Somebody is measuring their prouctivity by the amount of
paper they can spew out of their office.
3) I'm a keen believer in Social Evolution
A quick definition:  If your a drug addict and your stupid enough to OD, you
deserve to die.
Another example: Your a drug dealer and ya get shot - oh well.  Goes with the
choice , dude.
We keep protecting people from their choices.  We think we are doing a favor
for ourselves but I POSTULATE we are not.
We keep on fightin nature and it just ain't possible.  There just might be a
reason for this weedin out process.  But I'll admit it - I have a prejudice
against stupid people - not mentally hadicapped, but stupid people.
Well, thanks for reading my ranting and raving....

@_date: 1996-07-30 10:08:36
@_author: whether ethernet or X.25 or ATM 
@_subject: Re: Just some comments on what I've read here 
In a message dated 96-07-29 18:28:06 EDT, you write:
I dunno, are you a nob?
As I recall I said the expenses where going to be in the switches (or public
Plus I'm thinking the most basic services of telnet, ftp, smtp, and some
Plug two network boards (whether ethernet or X.25 or ATM) into a UNIX
computer and you have a router.
You cannot tell me that hardware (minus the hardcore ATM/X.25 stuff) is not
inexpensive enough to put something together.  At least for a few thousand
users all sophisticated enough to know how to install a UNIX or Linux
system... I'm talking about a club here - not a replacement for the internet.
Open up your mind, dude....

@_date: 1996-07-30 10:39:25
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: New Internet 
In a message dated 96-07-29 19:16:30 EDT, you write:
I agree... but I am also thinking that not one person is picking up the tab.
Undoubtedly some systems are going to go up and down also... so - at the
beginning - it could be like fidonet.  But hopefully it would be more than a
bunch of machines calling each other up an bursting information, some may
backbone for a while.

@_date: 1996-08-10 23:42:59
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: National Socio-Economic Security Need for Encryption Technology 
I was watched CBS reports a couple nights ago about how all these blue collar
and now white collar jobs are going across seas.
How programmers in India are taking jobs away from us, programmers and
engineerss, the people pioneering them.  (Actually I know some Indian based
programmers and they are worked very hard, even being locked in a building
until they meet some deadline.  This is not conducive to quality work, just
enough to get ya back home to family.)
(Hmmm, the Pioneer Crypto-System, I think I like that name and it has a
specific purpose....)
So I was thinking, boy am I glad I am in a rather esoteric part of software
development where there is not much knowledge and how we, in this particular
field, have an unwritten rule about sharing knowledge with others - even
those trying to get a foot into the door.  (I'm a contractor and there is a
supply and demand thing going on - I like low supply and high demand for my
particular skill sets.)
White collar jobs are basically knowledge worker jobs, and if one does not
know how to do something, one cannot do it.
So a possible way to protect jobs is to protect the knowledge on how to do
them.  interested in sharing the knowledge amongst the non-US tax paying population
of the world, thereby reducing income and taxes collected and thus needing to
raise taxes once again to pay for "rights" and entitlements the government
"gives" away to the citizens and non-citizens of this country.... but, I am
beginning to rant and rave.
Perhaps there is a larger picture in the world that the cyperpunks mailing
list is missing.  That cryptography is not just for personal privacy, but
could involve job security also - as a matter of fact, the income base for
this whole country.
In essence, knowledge is money, cuz that is what we usually want for it
now-a-days.  "Oh you want me to do that for you, hmmmm, lets see...."
Maybe a discussion could happen on protection of knowledge in a
socio-economic realm.

@_date: 1996-08-16 10:16:14
@_author: or datahaven 
@_subject: Re: Burden of proof 
In a message dated 96-08-15 17:35:20 EDT, you write:
But then how do you spend it?  What if instructions are given to the banking
system to not deal with such and such bank (or datahaven)?  How are you going
to get it out and spend them deniros?

@_date: 1996-08-20 10:45:59
@_author: cryptoanalysis 001 
@_subject: Re: No Subject - Lesson in cracking (cryptoanalysis 001) 
In a message dated 96-08-19 05:44:34 EDT, you write:
Hmmmmm, lets see here....
The numbers are one to one with the letters - hence this suggests a frequency
attack right off the bat.  You see, poor pathetic soul, if we know the
algorithm, as you have spelt it out, and we know the alphabet of the
plaintext (thats the message your trying to protect), we know that the
language has certain letters used more frequently than others.  Like, ya know
"e" is a very popular letter, so is t and s.  Collect enough cypher text and
ya just match frequency to frequency - a high number of 6's are replaced with
an e, and so on down the line.
QED why you don't go one to one with the alphabet.
OK, so we got the letters we are interested in working with.  Now, still
knowing the language the alphabet represents, we know that certain letters
usually follow other letters.  For example, re, ent, th, st, ing, need I
really go on?
Now we just start chunking up the peices according to spelling rules we know
about - then with the help of a handy dandy spell checker like thing, when we
get close to a word, we clump the chunks together.
Actually, mixing your letters around helps cuz one needs to do a lot of
shuffling here - but believe me, algorithms are out there.  Plus, the more
cipher text you provide, the easier it is to nab your info cuz there is more
information for the particular algorithm I'm thinking of to work with.
Once ya get a likely set of words, ya start looking for a pattern that can
get ya these set of words into and gain the original pattern.
QED why one does not depend on shuffling for protection.
Anyone else wanna explain things too?

@_date: 1996-08-21 09:26:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: cryptoanalysis 002 
I agree on expanding the symbols to represent the alphabet.
For example, if the crypto-alphabet for e is 23, 45, 190, 200, etc, one can
remove some of the frequency for a letter.  This definately makes it harder
to attack with the frequency analysis method because the "resolution" of the
distribution for the letter is lessened to a near randomness.  (So it looks,
there are still clues, eh?)

@_date: 1996-08-21 09:07:23
@_author: yet un-uttered to the rest of us 
@_subject: Husband/Wife jailed for saying Clinton Sucks 
Rush Limbaugh reports:
That a husband and wife are being jailed for yelling to Clinton "You Suck".
The Secret Service states additional words (yet un-uttered to the rest of us)
were mentioned that they deemed threatening.
Ahhh, good to live in a free country....

@_date: 1996-08-22 09:03:04
@_author: cryptoanalysis 001 
@_subject: Lesson 2 in cracking (cryptoanalysis 001) 
In a message dated 96-08-21 03:14:57 EDT, you write:
Big deal.
Mispelling are an acknowledge means of screwing up the algorithms I gave you.
 However, they are usually close to the original spelling.  In addition, once
most of the cipher has been dealt with, these fall into place quite nicely
So tell me what the difference is between a bunch of messages with th, st, ya
da ya da and messages with instances of say 27 27 27 27 27 obviously the
dashes from your pgp insert.  If anything, you've added more ammunition
against your self.  Think expanded pattern matching if you can something like
Including the user, after all, you show a transformation by setting all
vowels to the front, then a transformation into numbers, a shuffle by number
order, then a transformation back into letters.
During decryption:
How do you place the vowels into the correct position?
How do you place the numbers into the previous order before ascending sort
You are a , lets see a good name I was once placed with,  a TROLL.
The first pot was not to insult you more so than to inform others of attacks.
This post can be considered a personal attack, you TROLL.

@_date: 1996-08-24 01:34:05
@_author: cryptoanalysis 001 
@_subject: Re: Lesson 2 in cracking (cryptoanalysis 001) 
In a message dated 96-08-21 20:43:50 EDT, you write:
The examples cited did this by word, not by message as your stating.
I was talking about the algorithm as given, not PGP.
I know! But at least it is relevent to the group!  How many points of attack
have you seen on here?  How many techniques have shown up here?
My apologies to the fella I called a troll.  It was uncalled for - lacking in
social skills.

@_date: 1996-08-28 23:13:32
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: SCO giving free licenses to UNIX OpenServer 
Hit Pick What's New
Look for UNIX Unbound.
Read, Understand, and Delight... Microsoft maybe in trouble at last.
This is for single user home based UNIX systems.
Was announced August 19, don't know how long this is to happen.

@_date: 1996-08-30 15:21:19
@_author: RSA (001 
@_subject: Exploring (RSA (001) 
Exploring Rivest, Shamir, Adelman algorithm, but hoping someone out there is
interested in very large number manipulations.
RSA suggests choosing two prime 100 digit numbers p and q for beginning of
key generation.
These numbers are obviously beyond the long type of a C program.
Other than using Mathematica or Maple, I would like to use C or perferrably
Just some basics such as multiplication, addition, subtraction, division,
mod, etc over the Z set.

@_date: 1996-09-23 13:51:27
@_author: network file system 
@_subject: Re: Internet File System? 
This is actually a good idea.
There is something in the UNIX world called NFS (network file system).  It is
based on TCP/IP sockets.
I do not know if you know anything about UNIX, but the file system used does
not have logical drives (like a: or b: etc), just one huge tree that can span
across many harddrives on many computers, thus making them all look like one.
 NFS helps to connect the other computer's file systems to the network tree.
I think it is pretty cool...
There is an RFC for it, though I do not remember the number.  I read it once
cuz I was planning a windows 95 version so I can hook my laptop up to my UNIX
computers, but I found software to do it with and was like, why should I kill
time on it when I could be using it to make money!  It is very complete and
designed to be implemented in C.  Since Java is so close to C, a port could
probably be made fairly easily (provided ya know something about writing file
systems/operating systems ;) )

@_date: 1996-09-28 23:44:20
@_author: Quoted for emphasis. 
@_subject: Crypto and six yr old sex perverts: Project Electric Potatoes [CRYPTO] 
Using crypto may be required to keep ya outta jail, given the guberment has
gone so far low as to "route out this six year old sex pervert busy kissing
the girls." (Quoted for emphasis.)
I wonder when sexual harassment will become a sex offence.  Are the red
sashed sex cores of Orwell's 1984 around the corner?
I wonder if he will need to register with the sheriffs office in any towns he
moves into as a sex offender - or has that law not passed yet?
Soon I believe our communications will be turned against us - as I am sure I
will hear about this one in the future....
Crypto can help us from the all intrusive guberment - it is far to big.
Hence a new project for us all:  Multicast Crypto referred to as Electric
Potatoes as mashed up potatoes are hard to put back together.
Already we are seeing problems for speech on the internet (see radikal
postings - though they are a bit fruity IMHO.)  And it sounds like the law in
one country is going to be very interested in arresting people in another.
Hence, perhaps we need a crypto system (including human procedures and fail
safes) for community discussions.
Crypto is very much one to one right now, but can we implement a crypto for
wide distribution to a very defined set of people?
This should be useful in commerce too... like CC of mail to others, etc.
Problem Definition Time:
Who will be responsible for allowing a member into the community?  (And all
the other trust issues...)
The software to implement the community must be available on multiple
platforms like UNIX, Windoze, Macintosh, NeXT, etc.
How do we over come the problems of storage - should the messages remain
encyphered at all times in local storage of a member in case of a knock on
the door, requiring the user to use the software to read, write, store, and
organize messages.
Is it even possible to overcome the human turncoat factor?  Can we protect
them as well as us from coercian, black mail, seizure, or defection?
Is this even possible, because we are looking for the freedom to speak, yet
nobody will be able to hear us!!!
Method of discussion:
Since we will all hopefully have many ideas and comments on this exercise,may
I provide a protocal:
Please have Project Electric Potatoes in the subject heading - some of us use
the delete key quite freely and don't want to accidently remove your valued
comments and ideas.
Should the message contain a problem definition, please have Problem in the
Should the message contain an answer please have Answer in the subject.
Should the message contain a rant, please have Rant in the subject.
I leave it to the writer to include [CRYPTO] in the header....
Thank You All, and I hope we get a great discussion going on here.

@_date: 1996-09-30 05:01:29
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Key-Escrow 
I have a question.
There seems to be a lot of excitement over the key escrow stuff da gubermint
is trying to install.
Couldn't one burn off maybe 10 ** 200 keys and say, hey gubermint dude, these
are like, gonna be my keys.
Wouldn't this place them into a brute force search if they wanted to play
with your info?
Doing this will likely add to the tax burden for all dem disk drives needed
to store them numbers. :(
If ya can't do that, then they must be gonna sell key space like da radio
spectrm - which means some number is gonna mean something to someone
somewhere - yum yum say the hackers and the crackers.
I'm thinking there will be a way no matter what happens....

@_date: 1996-11-07 18:06:32
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Fwd: God and None (fwd) 
Forwarded message:
---------- Forwarded message ----------
                       History Of The Net

@_date: 1996-11-26 11:15:32
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: [CRYPTO] Bank Cards, Interac, Bank Machines, etc 
In a message dated 96-11-25 22:17:41 EST, you write:
This seems to be pretty unlikely, cuz I changed my PIN and was still able to
use the same card.  This means:
1) They can write to a card (pretty unlikely - but not ruling it out - jus
don't know)
2) There are more PINs to a card than one (pretty unlikely cuz I chose my
What I suspect is:
Obtain card number
Obtain PIN
Send both to computer controlling transactions
This computer inputs both to an algorithm that says Yea or Nay to continuing
(like the numbers point to a valid check/credit/savings account or GL
Perform transaction (data likely encrypted the same way back and forth for
defeating listening devices)....
There may be a hash to the account, the result is not an account number, or
some huge look-up database is in play matching PINs to card numbers to

@_date: 1996-12-01 11:10:51
@_author: PST 
@_subject: A quick discussion of Mersenne Numbers 
I wake of the latest find announcement, some people maybe wondering what the
heck is this?!!
A mercenne number is of the type:
M(p) = 2**p -1 results in a prime when p is a prime.
Hopefully this will lead the way to see the pattern of prime numbers and
being able to compute prime numbers in a far more efficient manner (after all
a function that when given a prime number results in a prime number would be
quite a kicker now wouldn't it!)
The other Mersenne primes include:
2,3,5,7,13,17,19,31,127,61,89, and 107.
The numbers 67 and 257 are not primes....
Have fun in them prime number databases....

@_date: 1996-12-01 19:31:59
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: A quick discussion of Mersenne Numbers 
In a message dated 96-12-01 16:17:01 EST, you write:
(after would  It'
I agree, my discussion was toooooo quick and the statement:
is misleading.  I was thinking the second paragraph when I was writing the
statement statement above.  A case of the mind working faster than the

@_date: 1997-01-13 08:44:59
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: RSA over Rubiks Cube 
This problably wouldn't be to cool a thing to do.  A fella named Douglas
Hopstader(?) wrote a book called Meta-Mathematics (same guy who wrote The
Golden Knot).  In this book he developed (or showed, forget who should get
credit) an algorithm to solve Rubiks cube from any beginning state.
It makes for interesting reading, but kills any attempt to use the cube as a
cipher machine.

@_date: 1997-01-16 06:45:05
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Homo/bi/sexuals Most Destructive 
God must look kindly on lesbians then, eh?  Statistical evidence is there,
hence that must be the truth....
In a message dated 97-01-16 08:33:21 EST, you write:

@_date: 1997-01-16 07:03:17
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Newt may be more receptive to encryption now 
Given his troubles with this "hay seed" scanner recording democrats, ol' Newt
may be more receptive to encryption.
Our privacy certainly is getting trashed by this presidency and I am hoping
an impeachment is coming down the line.
Since the congress is who makes the laws, maybe we all can focus some snail
mail to these guys.
Perhaps EFF could even draft some laws for our protection (what a joke - just
to keep busy body beaurocrats outta our business).
What does it matter anyhow, these guys dont read their own 300 - 5000 page
laws anyhow....

@_date: 1997-02-04 10:12:29
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Embarrass a Marylander, go to jail 
Think they are trying to expand the harrassment laws to directly effect the E
world, but I would think the laws on harrassment would apply anyhow (provided
your in their domain, but then again thats true for all governments...)
How has the government interfered in your life today?

@_date: 1997-02-04 09:51:59
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re: Embarrass a Marylander, go to jail 
Think they are trying to expand the harrassment laws to directly effect the E
world, but I would think the laws on harrassment would apply anyhow (provided
your in their domain, but then again thats true for all governments...)
How has the government interfered in your life today?
