
@_date: 1995-08-19 14:45:22
@_author: David Murray slIP 
@_subject: The greater socio-economic good 
I came acreossoss this in the july Law UPdate of Phillips Fox,
an Auastralasionan law firm. This edition was entitled 'Your money
or your E-cash', and hasd a section entitled 'Privacy' which said/says:
At the moment, your cahsh transactions cannot be recorded in the same
way as your cheque, credit cards or Eftpos spending. This means that
your cash spending cannot be readily traced, checked, investigated or
analysed. The big excitement for banks, marketing consultants and
governments is being able to do all these things. On the other hand, toatally
untraceable e-cash will enable huge amounts of money to be moved (laundered)
outside the bankiongng systyeem. Consumers will need to make a decision whether they want untraceable e-cash, or to contribute to the
greater socio-economic good.
I think they're being serious?

@_date: 1995-10-10 22:59:59
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Banque des Cypherpunks 
What would a cypherpunk bank (being a bank the style of which some cypherpunks
would not hate too much :-) look like? How could it be made safe to run?
One avenue of safety - shepherding the idea through SEC etc scrutiny so as to
render the venture completely legal seems to lack something of a c'punk
flavour. After all, one idea that some of us are quite taken with is that
strong crypto and the changes it brings are not only important (they are), nor
good (as Tim has pointed out - it depends where you stand) but *inevitable*.
So, how safe would a cp style bank be today?
There seem to be a number of possible pressure points: the machine, the
operators, the managers/directors, the owners, the assets, getting money out of
the system and getting money into the system.
The Machine
The easiest way to shut down an ebank is probably to unplug the machine the
software is running on and take it away. A variation of this is to cut off
net/telecomms access, or even electricity. (In the US/UK/NZ etc this would
not seem to be too difficult - lie to a judge about a bit of child porn and
you can pretty much take what you like.) Restricting ourselves to legitimate
securities/banking enforcement, however, it would seem to be enough to move
the box to some appropriate offshore site away from the major markets for
the bank's services. Obviously, there is no need to actively advertise the physical location of the processor...
The Operators
Even if the authorities of the target jurisdictions (US, Europe, Asia) can't
reach the operators of the machine while they are tending to it, they could,
presumably, make it difficult for those people to leave their jurisdictions
once they had entered them - by, for instance, issuing arrest warrants, or
holding trials in absentia. Again, if the physical location of the machine
is sufficiently obfuscated, this attack can be foiled.
The Managers/Directors
Assuming the bank is some kind of artificial legal entity, it will require
some other legal entity to control its actions. That controlling entity
could be themselves an artificial legal entity - for instance, a corporate
director of an offshore company.
The Owners
Assuming the bank itself is not a natural person, it will be owned by someone
(at least one list member has indicated an interest in investing in some form
of ebank). These owners could be the subject of pressure. Using the same
technology that made the ecash anonymous, the ownership of the bank could be
made similarly unknowable.
The Assets
A bank isn't going to last long if the SEC can just take its 'deposits'. Fortunately there are still a number of jurisdictions left where the bank's
bank account should be safe.
Getting Money out of the System
Eventually Tim is going to want to turn his Blacknet earnings into USD to
reinforce his security perimeter. How do we stop the Feds effectively
making it illegal to receive cheques from Banque des Cp? Presumably, BCp
instructs its banks to issue bank cheques, or get bank cheques from other
banks. Receiving wire transfers from Citbank may be notifiably suspicious,
but that just makes you one of millions...
Getting Money into the System
This strikes me as the most serious problem. If we differentiate between
big ticket (wholesale pharmaceutical type) and small ticket (remailer stamp
type) transactions, it might just be possible that the former could be
managed without bringing down the wrath of the authorities on the customers
(having failed to effectivley attack the bank). Essentially the idea is to
route payments through enough appropriate jurisdictions that tracing back
from the ebank to the customer is impossible (or, rather, unlikely). Sticking
a Libyan bank in the chain could help, for instance...
But small ticket transactions can't use this route. The easiest thing to do
would be to accept credit cards - but it wouldn't take much to convince Visa
and Mastercard not to let their services be used, if not turn over details
of everyone who tried to buy ecash. Cheques, TTs etc seem too cumbersome to
be marketable, and, once again, too easy to trace - at least at first glance.
The problem stems, I think, from trying to satisfy two seemingly opposed
requirements - the customer must be sure who they are paying, but the
authorities must not know the customer is paying the bank.
Any ideas?
[Another problem occurs to me. Alice's Awsome XXX CD-Rom Shoppe accepts
BCp's BlackCash[TM]. Simon from the SEC buys a CD with BlackCash. "Asian
Teenage Leather Maidens" duly arrives, and Simon arrests Alice for dealing
in unauthorised securities (and unauthorised dealing in securities etc)...]
I think I'll stop before I talk myself out of the whole thing :-)
[Palmtop News Reader - Beta Version 3]

@_date: 1995-10-18 00:03:05
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: transaction costs in anonymous markets 
In article  Wei Dai said:
 "Maintaining anonymity requires that communications be done through  special untraceable protocols."
I think it is important to keep in mind exactly what we mean by anonymity
in these discussions - there seems to be a bewildering array of flavours.
Take three situations where anonymity might be useful:
1. The State Authorities come and take you away for subscribing to a
publication advocating the end of socialised medicine.
2. The State Authorities come and take your assets away to pay for socialised
3. The Private Hospital comes and takes your assets away to pay for your
lifesaving operation.
[Avoiding 1 is (in my opinion) an unmitigated good; avoiding 2 is obviously
desirable; but avoiding 3 could well be counter-productive.]
This points to two categories of anonymity:
   Meat anonymity - there is no way of knowing which human is responsible; and
   Asset anonymity - there is no way of linking a particular human, transaction
                     or activity to any particular asset, or vice versa.
The point being that sometimes one will be desirable without the other.
Concentrating on meat (or combined?) anonymity, there are (at least) two
   Legal anonymity - where the split between asset and meat is the result
                     of the interposition of some legal structure (eg. Trust,
                     corporation etc), the ultimate owners/controllers of
                     which are unknown; and
   Digital anonymity - where the identity of the actor is mathematically
                       unknowable (at least, at the limit).
Obviously, these sorts can be layered, with legal entities transacting as
digitally anonymous parties, and the owners of those legal entities protected
by digital anonymity.
In addition, we can distinguish between digital anonymity that allows no
link between separate transactions (anonymity proper[?]), and digital
anonymity that does allow links to be drawn between separate transactions
or activities (pseudonymity).
Similarly, we can distinguish between the various anonymous properties of
A. Private Transactions. Each party to the transaction knows the identity
of the others, but no third party can know who is transacting with whom.
B. Unilateral Anonymity. One party to the transaction is known, but the other
is unknowable. An example might be subscribing for a digital security with
ecash - the issuer is known, but the purchaser is anonymous.
C. Bilateral Anonymity. The identities of both parties to the transaction
are unknowable. This might be the case on a cypherpunk stock exchange...
                                        "The current state-of-art (i.e.  RemailerNet) adds several hours of transmition time to each message to  achieve effective untraceability.  Contract negotiation, for example,  becomes very difficult under these circumstances."
My experience of contract negotiation is that a delay of hours would be
immaterial. Don't forget that email, fax machines, and even the telephone
are relatively recent phenomena (not to mention the photocopier and the
word-processor). Most super-tight deadlines are self-inflicted.
"If these costs remain high, but anonymous markets develop regardless, it will be interesting to see how these costs affect the structure of the markets.  Will special protocols for contract negotiations develop to minimize the number of round-trip messages?"
Doubtless. In areas where complex transactions really have to be entered
into at short notice, a lot of the negotiation goes on in advance, often
by trade associations. ISDA, for instance, is forever producing standard
terms and appendices so that all manner of arcane derivative transactions
can be more or less negotiated over the phone.
[Palmtop News Reader - Beta Version 3]

@_date: 1995-10-20 16:07:33
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: transaction costs in anonymous markets 
In message , s1018954 said:
I was actually vaguely referring to contract theory - unilateral and bilateral
executory contracts.
And this is where this discussion folds into Bob Hettinga's point about
non-repudiation. How can an anonymous party credibly bind its future actions?
One way is to hide the identity of the human/actor making the promise/contract
but leave their assets where the other party (the promisee) can get to them if
the anonymous party defaults. (The reputation of a pseudonym is an interesting
version of this.) A pledge of digital securities is a possibility; some sort
of protected pool of assets is another.
Alot of transactions/contracts only involve one party making a promise that
they have to perform in the future. When I get on a bus, once I've paid the
fare, only the bus company still has to perform its half of the contract
(although, as something of a complicating factor, I could still _breach_
the contract). This is why I used the subscription for a security as an
example - once I've paid my ecash, it's only the issuer that has to make
the coupon payments and redeem the security in the future - the contract is
unilaterally executory, with the known party still to perform.
But alot of contracts involve performance over time by _both_ parties - they
are bilaterally executory. It would seem that, to be effective, both of the
parties (or at least sufficient of their assets) must be known.
So, unilateral/bilateral anonymity is kind of the complement of unilateral/
bilateral executoriness.
Perhaps client/server terminology is better.
[And before someone points it out - alot of these issues have been explored
centuries ago, and the answers led to commercial innovations like bills of
exchange, bills of sale, bills of lading etc. I plan to spend more time
learning from legal history in the hope we are destined to repeat it...]
[Palmtop News Reader - Beta Version 3]

@_date: 1995-11-19 10:01:26
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity and Intellectual Capital 
To pick up on a couple of Professor Post's ideas - limited liability of
untraceable pseudonyms, and choice of rule sets in cyberspace (see Post,
"Anarchy, State, and the Internet: An Essay on Law-Making in Cyberspace"
1995 J Online Law art 3), I suggest that arbitration is well suited to
pseudonymous commerce, and  propose the use of an old device - the unincorporated, or deed of settlement, company.
Contract seems likely to be the basic building block of pseudonymous digital
commerce for the forseeable future (barring a mathematical solution to the
non-repudiation problem). But, of course, contracts have to be enforced in
courts, which opens the whole thing to state intervention a la the unenforce-
ability of gambling contracts etc, and, generally requires the nym to front
up with some form of True Name to launch or defend proceedings...
On the other hand, ADR is hot, and arbitration has long been encouraged as a
method of settling commercial disputes without troubling the courts. It seems
to be getting easier to enforce arbitral awards and harder to appeal them, or
to bypass the arbitration in the first place.
And it is becoming easier to specify your own arbitration procedures (for
instance, those suited to pseudonymous parties presenting argument and evidence
untraceably via the net) and even to specify the substantive law of the arbitration, which need not be the law of any state (eg the UNCITRAL contract
law, or even "those laws accepted in international commerce").
So it would be possible for arbitral tribunals specially adapted to
pseudonymous digital commerce to somewhat shield transactions from the
procedural and substantive laws of any state that makes enforcement of those
transactions problematic.
Now, as Prof Post points out, the limited liability corporation is an efficient
device for the pooling of capital and the taking of business risks. But the
grant of incorporation is by the State, and the State usually requires certain
information - such as the name and address of the stockholders - as a
condition of that grant.
The last time State granted incorporations were in short supply, the merchants
of Britain developed (or redeveloped) the deed-of-settlement company -
essentially a partnership with a Board of managing partners, the assets of the
partnership vested in trustees, and the shares in the partnership easily
There were two major drawbacks to the deed of settlement company (which didn't
stop them being very popular, or their shares being widely traded):
1. Under the procedural laws of the day it was very difficult to sue or be
sued, because all of the partners (ie shareholders) at the time the cause of
action arose had to be named in the action. This was ameliorated by the use
of arbitration, and, occasionally, courts allowed the trustees to sue for
the company.
2. Lack of limited liability - a partner is personally liable for all the debts
of the partnership. This was ameliorated by providing in contracts entered
into by the company that recourse could only be had to partnersip assets - and,
of course, by the difficulty of suing such companies.
Both these can, at least partially, be overcome in psuedonymous digital
commerce - the first by the use of arbitration, and by more flexible modern
procedural rules (although, depending on the jurisdiction, this may not be a
complete answer); the second by the inherent limited liability of an
untraceable digital pseudonym.
Now, with a corporation in a tax haven jurisdiction acting as trustee (to
more than one company, potentially), someone/something acting as a registry
(attending to the transfer of shares in the company, and potentially many
other companies), an account at Mark Twain (held by the trustee company), and
an appropriate deed of settlement (or partnership agreement)  - oh, and some
object for the company - and now you've got something to do with your digicash!
As an historical aside, the reason unincorporated companies died out in Britain
was that they were outlawed when the general incorporation acts were
introduced - or, rather, existing companies were encouraged to incorporate
(where their deeds became their articles of association, and the objects of
the trust became the memorandum of association) and new ones were outlawed as
oversize (somewhere between 10 and 25, at various times) partnerships. In
England and Australia, at least, the prohibition on outsize partnerships still
continues, and special exceptions have to be made for Chartered Accountants,
Solicitors and architects.
Unincorporated companies were not so popular in the US (although Alexander
Hamilton (?) originally organized the Bank of New York as one) because, after
the revolution, general incorporation statutes were quick to be passed. (Which,
incidentally, is why the Commonwealth has companies and shares and articles,
and the US has corporations and constitutions and stocks. [Canada is the
exception that proves the influence of geography over history.]) On the other
hand, the Massechusetts (?) Business Trust can be seen as the ultimate devel-
opment of the concept (or, at least, that's what I read somewhere).
[Palmtop News Reader - Beta Version 3]

@_date: 1995-11-21 03:46:57
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity and Intellectual Capital 
In message , s1113645 said:
But the assets of the company are held by (known) trustees and exposed to
judgment - the pseudonymous part just means that _only_ those assets are
For instance, an enterprising cypherpunk decides it would be a good thing
to run a restaurant with a crypto-anarchy theme (cajun style Blacknet burgers,
anonymous avocado salad, Phil Zimmerman celebrity cocktail...). Unaccountably,
a thousand other cypherpunks decide to invest $100 each. More understandably,
they don't want it to be known that they invested. By buying shares in an
unincorporated company pseudonymously (including anonymously) they can risk
$100, but $100 only. The money is (initially) held in the trustee's bank
account (having been subscribed in ecash), so the cheques for the tables and
chairs won't bounce. The chairs, tables, kitchen equipment, lease etc will
also be held by the trustee on trust for the partnership/company, and will
be available for creditors should the partnership not meet its obligations.
So doing business with an unincorporated company is very much like doing
business with an incorporated company/corporation. (I can see that audited
accounts, for instance, could be useful in attracting investors/reassuring
Note that the argument works just as well for intangible assets - even digital
assets - as for tangible ones like tables. So our enterprising cypherpunk
might well have started a bank, insurance company or mutual fund (except for
all the other regulatory hassles :-)
Yes. But you have to have your base anon corporation to be the penultimate
stockholder of the other corporations. And it can be expensive - perhaps too
expensive to be worth the gain in anonymity. There is also the matter of having
to have human directors with revealed True Names in most non-anon and
"trustworthy" jurisdictions.
There are other ways to anonymise corporations - I presented a proposal to the
list about a year ago that simply interposed a unit-like trust as sole (legal)
shareholder of the corporation, the "units" in the trust mirroring the shares
but being held anonymously.
Any of these structures can/might be useful. What I like about unincorporated
companies, however, is the way they rely only on the common law and equity,
and bypass statute - enabling, perhaps, less reliance upon the law of any
particular State.
                     ^^^^^
Not "corporation", "company", as in collective noun :-) An incorported company
is a corporation, but in general, company ~= corporation. It is just that for
well over a hundred years there have not been any companies that have _not_
been incorporated, except dance companies, infantry companies etc.
Unincorporated in every way :-) Which is to say, not a seperate legal entity
but a partnership (of shareholders) coupled with a trust of the partnership
And because it relies only on partnership/agency/contract law and the law of
trusts, there were no registration or ID requirements, just as there are no
registration or ID requirements for forming a partnership or trust now.
(Compare, for instance, the requirement on NZ incorporated companies to keep
public records of the name and [in the case of natural persons, residential]
address of everyone who has been a shareholder in the last ten years.)
A lot of Corporate/Company law books have some coverage of this stuff in their
historical chapters - try English or Australian texts (Gower is quite good).
Legal history texts also often have something. Du Bois published a book (in
the 1940's ?) that seems to be cited for all manner of minutiae - it has
something about the Bubble Act in its (long) title. [If you find this book,
how about sending me a summary :-) Chapter III is probably most useful.] And
J. Reeder "Corporate Loan Financing in the 17th and 18th Centuries" (1973) 2 Anglo-American Law Review 487 is supposed to have something about bond issues
by unincorporated companies (or is it bank lending?).
[Palmtop News Reader - Beta Version 3]

@_date: 1995-12-20 23:24:52
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: The War on Some Money [long] 
============================== START ==============================
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
[Yes - money laundering _again_.]
I want to advance two theses:
1. That the interest and activities of governments in fighting money-laundering
is directly contrary to the interest and activities of those seeking to
develop anonymous digital commerce;
2. That there is a related, if not underlying, conflict between the rhetoric
of concealment and the rhetoric of privacy.
If the push for anonymous digital commerce is exemplified by the Cypherpunks
(and let's pretend it is), the battle against money-laundering is being led by
the Financial Action Task Force (FATF), an autonomous international entity,
set up by the G7 as part of the orgy of post-cold-war co-operation between
States on this issue. The UN, G7, OAS, Commonwealth, EU and a host of supra-
national bodies have called for co-ordinated action on stamping out dirty
money. And in an unprecendented fashion, States have responded. There are over
100 States that either have or are considering the criminalisation of money-
laundering. These include, by and large, the tax havens of Europe, the
Carribbean and the South Pacific.
So what is criminal money laundering? Concealing the source of funds that one
knows come from serious crime. Three comments about this formulation:
1. The state of mind required is knowledge, although this knowledge can be
inferred from objective facts (and knowledge tests in criminal definitions are
notoriously elastic).
2. The source of funds must be serious crime. The early UN declaration only
referred to drug dealing, but since 1990 there has been a move to widen this
to all serious crime. As to what constitutes serious crime, this is still
somewhat up for grabs. Some of the BSA's statements about software piracy
being the drug dealing of the nineties, and linking piracy with organised
crime can be seen as a strategy to position large scale intellectual property
theft as serious crime. More ominous (at least for the relationship of
citizen and state) is the occasional reference to tax evasion in the same
breath as serious crime.
3. This is because the serious crime need not be committed in the same country
as the money laundering. This makes sense for conventional serious crime (to
coin a phrase), but if tax evasion is included represents a major departure
from the convention that the courts of one country will not enforce the taxing statutes of another.
Note also the possibility that fraud might be serious crime, which, since
the test of fraud is dishonesty, directly brings the competing ethical (or
rhetorical) systems into conflict. But more of this below.
The key feature of the new supra-national regime, however, is not a more or
less co-ordinated criminal law (there are some marked variations on
the above scheme), but the new surveillance approach to the financial system.
The most obvious signs of this are the requirement of financial institutions
to "know your customer" (which includes an explicit prohibition of anonymous
accounts) and to report "suspicious" transactions. But the approach goes much
further. The FATF's chilling Forty Recommendations (on which the global
approach is largely based) urges countries to "further encourage in general
the development of modern and secure techniques of money management, including
increased use of cheques, payment cards, direct deposit of salary cheques, and
book entry recording of securities, as a means to encourage the replacement of
cash transfers." [This is taken from a synopsis of the Recommendations.] In
case anyone should think this is based on the insecurity to the _customer_ of
cash and bearer securities, the FATF suggests countries (i.e. Governments) may
like to consider monitoring all domestic financial transactions with a view
to building databases for computer analysis -- such databases to be appropriately secured from unauthorised access, of course.
So there we have it. The FATF wants a cashless, book entry, universally
monitored financial system based on verified True Names. Some Cypherpunks want
a cash based, bearer certificate, mathematically unmonitorable financial
system revolving around impenetrable pseudonyms.
Another way to put this is that Cypherpunks are for privacy, but the FATF is
against concealment.
Three arguments are often made for the attack on money laundering.
1. Money laundering leads to the corruption of societies and the undermining
of institutions and States. This seems to be putting the cart before the horse,
somewhat. Even if you consider money laundering as an inextricable part of
rendering crime organised, the crimes usually cited (drug dealing, environmental crime, and the smuggling of cultural artifacts [!]) could be
decriminalised relatively easily. And of course you could always abolish the
State :-)
2. Money laundering puts the financial system at risk. (This, of course, is why
the financial institutions used in the Pizza Connection money laundering
chain (Merrill Lynch, E F Hutton, Bankers Trust, Barclays, Chase Manhattan,
Chemical Bank, Citibank, American Express and Thomas Cook. Bank of Nova Scotia,
Ueberseebank (Switzerland)) have without fail spectacularly collapsed.) In so
far as this is a result of legislation providing for the forfeiture to the
State of the proceeds of crime, another solution is clearly available.
3. The War on Drugs has been a failure, because it isn't in anyone in the drug
distribution chain's interest to assist authorities. The financial system is
organised crime's exposed flank. (As an(other) aside, it is often mentioned
(asserted?) that terrorists are turning to drug dealing etc to finance their
terror campaigns. I'm not sure whether this is intended to combat the "drug
dealers are just businessmen" argument, or the "terrorists are just patriots"
one. Perhaps both.)
[Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying Statists are bad because drug dealers are
good. I realise that reasonable people can differ as to the trade off between
civil liberties and the protection of the State. I know people who think that
it is all right to let the Police randomly breath test drivers in order to
decrease road deaths. So I can easily imagine people might feel having to
front up with two types of ID to open a bank account is a small price to pay
to prevent the violence and misery of drug addiction. I happen to think both
sets of people are wrong, and dangerously so.]
So governments fight money laundering to make it harder for criminals to enjoy
the wealth governments can't stop them making. As a side effect, governments
gain valuable intelligence about everyone's everyday finances. And we might
as well look at cracking down on those evil tax evaders while we're at it...
Well -- even I'm willing to admit this summary is a tad glib. It misses
something important about attitudes to secrecy: whether secrecy is about
privacy or concealment.
Michael Froomkin often [:-)] cites Sissela Bok on the danger of secrets
inappropriately kept (see e.g. A. Michael Froomkin, "Anonymity and its
Enmities," 1995 J. Online L. art. 4, par. 51) -- and certainly the overtones
of locked doors, masks, whispers and shadows makes "secret" itself a suspect
word. To be open is almost always good; to be secretive is definitely
always bad.
This sense of the inherent evil of secrets (dark secrets, guilty secrets) runs
deep. Take the Equiticorp criminal trial (a local cause celebre of a few years
ago) where executives of a company that failed spectacularly after the '87
crash were charged with (inter alia) conspiracy to defraud. The executives in
question had caused a large sum of money of (at that time) completely unknown
provenance (the so called H-Fee) to be paid to themselves through a series of companies in tax-haven/banking secrecy jurisdictions. The judge (there was no
jury) found that, because no one had offered an honest reason to use such a structure, it could only have been for the purpose of concealment of the
source of the money from those who may have had a legitimate interest in
determining it (IRD, auditors etc.). This amounted to dishonesty, and the
charge of conspiracy to defraud was made out.
Note the reasoning here: a secret without a reason is concealment; concealment
is dishonest. (Cypherpunks would reason exactly oppositely: a secret is an
expression of privacy; privacy is good.)
We can extend the concealment reasoning in an interesting way: concealment ->
dishonesty -> fraud -> serious crime + concealment -> money laundering. So
widespread concealment can (conceivably) give rise to an offence of money
laundering with no other illegal act. The very fact that the State has an
interest in detecting money laundering strengthens that first link: concealment
- -> dishonesty.
For the cypherpunks, of course, privacy -> nothing at all. Secrecy=privacy is
the default. Secrecy=concealment is a red herring.
This is not the forum to recite the virtues of privacy. So I'll leave you [at
last, they cry!] with a sugestion as to its main (rhetorical) vice: privacy
is opposed to public, and public is (usually) good.
I'll go further. In the same way that "secret" gives rise to a cascade of
negative associations, "public" gives rise to a chain reaction of happy, if
not down right noble, thoughts: the public good; public service; the public's
right to know; and, of course, the republic itself. Private (and privacy), on
the other hand, gains meaning from its distinction from public -- it is
_inherently_ negative.
All this is so much old rope for those who reject the linguistic turn in
philosophy, but I find it a useful way of thinking about trends. And we are
seeing trends towards individuality, the rejection of the collective, the
privatisation of what once was public. Part of this will be the reversal
of the privilegeing of public over private, and the consequent/connected move
from secrecy=concealment to secrecy=privacy.
And a tangble manifestation of all that will be the rise of anonymous digital
commerce, and the abandonment of The War on Some Money.
[Palmtop News Reader - Beta Version 3]

@_date: 1996-01-15 10:04:35
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Australian GAK? 
I've just seen a note to the effect that the (Australian) Senate Economics
References Committee has recommended, in their recently tabled report
quaintly entitled _Connecting You Now...Telecommunications to the Year
2000_ the establishment of a third party body for the management of public
key authentication.
The Committee has also recommended the establishment of a national
authentication system to be recognised internationally with credibility with
the legal system - True Names, most probably.
Any c'punks closer to Canberra with the real goods?
[Palmtop News Reader - Version 1.0]

@_date: 1996-07-20 12:11:32
@_author: David Murray 
@_subject: Re: Borders *are* transparent 
Interestingly (to me, anyway), I noticed on my last trip to Hong Kong
that the Netscape products for sale in the legitimate shops had "US/Canada
only - not for export" (or similar) printed on the packaging. (Also of note, the hot Pirate CD of that time "Internet Xpress", with
such goodies as Symantec Java Cafe,  Spry Internet Office Pro, Netscape
Fast Track Server v2.0, Commerce Builder v1.5, also featured ViaCrypt
PGP v2.71 for Windows. Nice to see encryption as a must have net tool...)
