
@_date: 1995-09-24 18:25:28
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Important consequence of existence of compromised Netscape certificates 
There's one very important side-effect of the existence of a large number of compromised certificates accepted by navigator: the upgraded clients must either do CRL processing, or the roots used to sign all possibly compromised keys *must*  be rejected by the fixed navigator.

@_date: 1995-09-25 12:53:39
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: SSL Man-in-the-middle 
I can confirm that, at least up to 1.2, netscape navigator does not do any validation beyond checking the signer of the certificate. Exactly - the trust model used in Navigator 1.1N requires you to trust every single owner of a valid certificate. Getting hold of any key is vastly easier than having to obtain a specific key; in the worst case, you just buy your own - SSL exchanges are repudiable, and a few simple tricks can make sure you cerificiate doesn't show up in the "Document Information" dialog box. Or, since there are is CRLing, accidentaly lose you private key, notify verisni and get a revocation. To detect the attack without using either a modified client, or a nice
proxy that checks for you, you must do packet-tracing on all SSL
connections, regenerate the exchange, and then review each exchange to
look for suspicious certificates.

@_date: 1995-09-26 06:32:16
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: SSL Man-in-the-middle 
Jeff - there are two ways to get the document information right (or wrong).
The first approach is to use redirects to point the client back at the original server once you've grabbed whatever info you want for the request. Redirects from https -> https don't trigger a warning box. You may need to rewrite the URL slightly to prevent loop detection (stick a . at the end of the hostname, or add a port, etc. The second approach is to only intercept requests for inline images. These don't affect the document information window, and give you full access to the whole request, which may have user authentication information associated with it, in the URL or in  header fields. Image requess can be identified reliably through simple traffic analysis.
Contract with America - Explained!			|Phone: +44-81-500-3000
Contract: verb						|Mail: ses
1) To shrink or reduce in size - the economy contracted +-----------------------
2) To become infected -My baby contracted pneumonia when they stopped my welfare

@_date: 1995-09-27 07:38:02
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Using sound cards to accelerate RSA? 
Somebody mentioned the possibility of using the a/d stage of a sound card as a source of random bits, and that brought a thought back to mind: given that a lot of sound cards are now shipping with DSP chips on board, has anyone written any code that uses the cards DSP to accelerate RSA processing? Maybe there's a mass market market for a crypto-blaster- an RNG, 3 or 6 DES chips, and a DSP. It would make for a killer linux based SHTTP server...

@_date: 1995-09-29 09:58:17
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Crypto hardware (was: Using sound cards to accelerate RSA?) 
This is the problem I was concerned about (actually RSA rather than D-H). In HTTP-NG, in addition to supporting PK for key exchanges and authentications, there is now support that allows most values used in the protocol to be signed. Now that non repudiability is becoming legally significant, there are all sort of things that either party might want to have signed, for example negotiation options (e.g. wont-log-transactions) and meta-information (e.g. kidcode: NC-17,barney-boffing).
More clients and more signings means that conventional chips arent't going to be economical for this.
[stuff on hardware]
That's another question. A DSP chip can also be used for crypto - yet sound cards and nexts aren't ITARed, and aren't really considered dual-use. A Modular exponentiator isn't a crypto device  (hey - it's a bignum accelerator for Mathematica). Now, if I had a pipelined WSI chip capable of delivering one result per cycle, I could think of some useful applications, but ...

@_date: 1995-09-29 10:09:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Hack Microsoft 
Not a real attack- cos it's just a Denial Of Service, but it is kind of amusing... Windows NT has an interesting property in its handling of TCP connection establishment. NT has a small limit on the maximum size of its listen queue - it also handle queue overflow in a different way to BSD derived stacks. Instead of just dropping the connection request, and allowing the client TCP to retry automatically, NT sends a RST packet that aborts the connection. Ok, you can shutdown just about anything on the Net right now, and there won't be a real defence possible until IPSEC starts getting installed, but microsoft makes it much too easy.

@_date: 1995-09-30 19:20:06
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
I think you're misunderstanding the claim somewhat - what D.4 does is warn implementors that they should perform  some means of associating hostnames and certificates. You can't just use SSL out of the box without doing anything in the application to check. My currently recommended approach is to enforce the verisign requirement that all valid hostnames for the server be included in the certificate as CN values. This allows the check to be made below the application layer. Unfortunately a lot of currently issued certificates are non-compliant (even Verisign and netscape :-); any fully automated implementation needs a static table of hostnames aliases- interactive applications can display certificates for manual review.
This is not really much protection. Getting hold of any key is much easier than getting a specific key, and don't forget there are a number of vulnerable keys floating around until their expiration dates pass. This attack has been known about for a long time, and is too obvious to be really interesting; I implemented a demonstration of the attack as part of developing a protection. If anybody is interested I can mail them my
report. The variant of the attack I implemented is useless for anything but demonstration purposes, or I'd ask sameer for a T-shirt. The external fix is a bit more useful, but there doesn't seem to be a patchnetscape alias :-)

@_date: 1995-10-27 11:11:13
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: MD5 and ITAR questions 
I can't remember the exact details, so could someone give me a quick refresher- which of the following are considered ok under ITAR?
 ---
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-30 13:36:15
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: MD4-derived hash functions 
Hi Mark -
The problem with double encryption with DES is that it's vulnerable to a meet-in-the-middle attack if you have known plain text. You can encrypt the plaintext with all possible keys and store them in a (big) table, then decrypt the cypher text until you get a match with one of the values in the table. Doesn't work too well on an 8Mb P90 (2^59 bytes is half a peta byte), but since memory capacity theoretically increases as the square of processor speed, the attack becomes feasible much, much, sooner than breaking a 112 byte key.
Using 3-DES,even with only two distinct keys, makes this attack infeasible, as the table size becomes much to large. 2-IDEA is similarly safe (2^131 bytes of memory is a long way off (I wonder what the first version of M$ Word to need that much memory will be).
 ---
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1995-10-30 13:58:59
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Important Digital Cash Question... 
Ok. So we've got Alice and Bob trading their cash back and forth, with Mallet trying to steal their cyber-dosh, and Eve listening to their conversations- this leads me to the big question:
What's the right name to use for the Banker? I've been using "Nick", after Nick Leeson; any other suggestions?
Simon (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-31 02:46:42
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
To summarise: the consensus is that using keyed-MD5 for authentication is ok under ITAR, but using it for confidentiality is out.
The reason I wanted to check is that I'm solidifying some of security paramaters for HTTP-NG so we can add them to the test implementation before the Dallas IETF. In addition to the slight problem of having half the development team on the other side of the Atlantic, I want to make at least a subset of the security schemes mandatory, and that means making the core stuff exportable.
At the moment, I'm thinking of making the mandatory schemes be Keyed MD5
for authentication, and weakened RC4 with an IV for confidentiality, with
the added stipulation being that the user must be informed when key
weakening is being used. I may swap RC4 for DES; they're both public domain, but RC4 is simpler. They're both shared key, but I don't make PK stuff mandatory. The other pre-defined schemes I'm planning on getting at least speced are 3-DES and IDEA for confidetiality, SHA for hashing, and RSA & DH for key exchange, signatures, and authentication. Certificate format is currently X.509- PGP format will go in ASAP.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-31 02:04:26
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Digicash will not fly (not) 
One point worth noting is that the 5% cut used to be a typical fee for credit-card transactions. However, that cut only happened once per purchace, whereas digicash may incur this fee many more times. When I daydreamed about setting up a digicash issuer, I was thinking on the lines of a 2% fee for converting real money into digicash, then refunding any excess beyond cost of operations at the end of the year. Converting from real money to digicash is the most risky part of operations, so reserves should be proportional to this. Since my fantasy bank has a policy of not paying interest on digicash accounts, and keeping all assets in cash on (at worst) overnight deposit, this keeps things really safe. BTW, since I've got an aunt who lives in St. Brelade, the bank is in St Helier, Jersey, which has the great advantage of being one of the few Tax Havens to be able to get the Archers on FM.

@_date: 1995-10-31 06:48:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re:  Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
Cop-out: That algorithm described in Applied Cryptography 2nd Edition under the label RC4.
The swap would take place in the list of schemes that must be supported by conforming applications. Correct [strong should, but still should]
The protocol's part of key management for OOB shared keys is taken care of by naming; session key exchange with PK is not yet fully defined, but will  look a lot like either SKIP or Photuris.    Names are strings, of the format :, where domain is the
name-space from which the names are taken. The following domains are
pre-defined: DN:	X.500 Distinguished name. The name portion contains the RFC1485 URN:	Uniform Resource Name. The name consists of a URN (whatever that PGP:	PGP format name. A PGP user name.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-31 10:21:14
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
What I've heard is that there are some worries about using short constants with MD5; maybe you could fill us in on the naughty stuff (someone said there were a load of papers in Crypto '95 on the subject?)
Hey, you got a web-site? :-)
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-11-01 07:48:45
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: PGP On shared machines (was Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG) 
One important thing to note in an academic environment is that if you have foreign students who are on non-green card visas, you may need to get an export licence if they can access the server. I expect you'll probably get the licence without too much hassle, and you're unlikely to be indicted for this, but it's something to be aware of.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1995-11-01 07:11:30
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Cryto article in SJ Mercenary 
There's a full page equivalent article on encyption in today's San Jose
Mercury News (12E-11E). The article concentrates on public key
cryptography, and mixes some good stuff with some silly mistakes. The
first page has about 4/5th of the article devoted to a big diagram showing
how someone using public key encryption to cover a whole message, and sent
it over the internet to someone in Argentina. All this without a mention
of using symmetric cyphers, and without even mentioning ITAR. Another 1/8th of this page is given over to a bunch of cypher text that
supposedly encodes the address of "Mr Cosmic Kumquat, SSl Trusters etc.." This address looks kind of familiar... but they seem to imply that the cyphertext is the output of an RSA encrpytion, not RC4. They then go on to discuss factoring, and explain the difference between the strength of algorithms in theory, and how Netscape became vulnerable due to "beginners mistakes" in the implementation, and how security is best assured by open disclosure, not security through obscurity. (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-11-01 07:48:45
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Perfect Forward Secrecy - is it worth it? 
Quick survey; how important is perfect forward secrecy to you? I've asked three people locally so far and gotten four different answers, so in the spirit of spreading divisiveness where'er I go, I'll try and get a few more opinions here :-) In general, schemes offering PFS require a extra PK-op, and an extra round-trip when compared to  non-PFS schemes. This cost is incurred once per "session", but can add on the order of seconds to startup times. Should key-management schemes where PK is available always provide PFS, allow PFS, or not provide PFS? The amount of code needed to implement each choice point is similar, if you're using something like BSAFE. (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)  ((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-11-01 10:03:15
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Keyed-MD5, ITAR, and HTTP-NG 
[Short response, because I'm at home. More details tommorow ]
Just to clarify: one of the most important parts of the design is the negotation mechanism, so a lot of effort has gone into these mechanisms. The aim is to _not_ have to do lots of RTT negotations through the use of caching and dynamic profiling. The negotation facilities in HTTP 1.0 are not used, not because there isn't a need for them, but because they don't offer sufficient power, and are much too inefficient. Oh, and when I say dynamic profiling, I'm referring to semi-standard profiles that can be obtained over the network, not to OSI style dead-trees. Deriving negotiated feature sets from a profile works really well for applications like the WEB, as a vast amount of this information remains the same for all copies of a particular version of a Browser. For example, all copies of hotjava support html 1.0, some netscape extensions, and can handle inline gifs, but not inline jpegs; alpha hotjava supports the alpha applet API. (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-11-01 13:34:48
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: W3 Self-Regulation? 
Hey! Lay off the divine Ms. G!
There's actually a big difference between labelling and censorship, though there's always the danger that once material has been labelled, Ralph Reed and his merry gang of cross burners will try to ban information bearing certain labels (the ol' gateway effect).
Of course, if the labeling information isn't signed, the it's useless. Oh, and if people vote on labels, you really, really need secret voting protocols; this information can be very sensitive if it can be tied back to the voters.
 What if instead of approving or banning drugs, the FDA instead just issued labels, and left the choices to the customer and his or her insurance agency...
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)   ((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-01 10:19:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: NetScape's dependence upon RSA down for the count! 
In this particular case, hostnames do help, because they are information imbedded in the url used to access the server. By verifying the hostname in the certificate with the hostname in the url, you can state with a high degree of confidence that the object retrieved is precisely the desired object covered by this url. I'm not referring to the secret key of _the_ server; I'm referring to the secret key of _ANY_ server. In the limiting case, such a key can be obtained by buying one from the CA.

@_date: 1995-10-01 10:26:10
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: WWW Proxy Server Vulnerabilities 
PRoxy servers are just an easy way to implement a demonstration attack. Fortunately, they are also a way to improve security, as long as you can set one up on a machine to which you have a relatively trusted path

@_date: 1995-10-02 17:11:33
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: De Re ASN.1 and encoding rules ( was Re: X.509,...) 
In his message Carl make several statements, some of which I agree with,
and some which I disagree with. Since I'm a protocol wonk, and since I've
been doing ASN.1 and PER/BER stuff recently, I'd like to respond to some
of his points. (I spent most of last week off work with a nasty cold,
semi-comatose on the couch, smothered in vapo-rub, surrounded by the 93
specs for ASN.1, BER/DER, and PER, and with nothing on TV but the OJ trial.
What a choice :-)
[A lot of this is leading up to a big rant about the truly ghastly packet formats given to us by STT, which I've found loosens more mucus than a gallon of cough syrup, and with much the same affect on your mental state :-)]
I'm not going to be defending BER (BrainDamaged Encoding Rules), because, lets face it, they suck. I'm also not going to be defending X.500, because, to a first approximation it completely sucks too. In this message I'm just going to address the issue of the inherent
in-efficiency- I'll address the rest in a follow-up message, most
specifically the claim that making mashalling and de-mashalling hard on
the implementor is a good thing. It's hard to speak to the issue of code size, since the ISODE compilers,
which are frequently used as a benchmark in this area are so goddam
awful. Even the most naive compilers will generally generate code orders
of magnitude smaller. Instead, we'll take a look at bits on the wire,
and compare the struct dump to what can be done by a 20th century
compiler using a smart set of encoding rules (PER - the packed encoding
rules). [ as a side note, I recently wrote some code that had to parse and process X.509 certificates - this was for my SSL Keep-Away proxy (it needed to crunch the certificate, look for hostname matches in any CN
values, and possible convert the DN into RFC1485 text format). The source was only a few K. I was using C++ though (and this didn't hurt for once)]
Lets use 3DES as our example. We'll start with a naive specification:
LongLong ::= OCTET STRING (SIZE(8)) -- a long long is 8 bytes, er, long
DesKey ::= LongLong
ThreeDes ::= SEQUENCE {
Lets apply the packed encoding rules to this: ThreeDes is a SEQUENCE. It has no optional components, so no bits are added
to the encoding. The first item, IV, is an OCTET STRING of fixed length 8 bytes. Since the length is fixed, no length is encoded - the 8 bytes of the IV are appended to the encoding. The same applies to each of the des keys.
Thus, we have a bits on the wire total of 32 bytes. The same as in the hand crafted encoding. The encoding and decoding are then implemented as memcpys. If more information is known about the alignment and position in memory  of the fields, and of the key within the buffer, these memcpys can be coaleced- this is a local optimisation, rather than a requirement that every interoperable implementation use the same language with the same Now, this example is pretty simple, but with not much thought, we can set about improving it to generate fewer bits on the wire. I'll avoid the obvious kludge, which is to strip of the parity bytes on each key to save three bytes - instead we'll look to the big wins. There are several different ways of using 3des which can help us reduce
the size of the encodings in some cases. The first thing we can do is
support variable size IVs (like in rfc1851). We'll restrict the IV to be
either 1 or 2 32 bit chunks. Then we can add extra support for 1des mode
of 3des where all the keys are the same. Here's the new definitions:
Long ::= OCTET STRING (SIZE(4))
ThreeDes ::=SEQUENCE {
Now lets see how the PER treat this value. The first thing we encode is the sequence. Since this sequence has optional components, we stick one bit onto the output stream for each field - if the bit is one, the optional element is present - otherwise, it ain't.  Since there are two optional components, we need two bits.
Next, we need to encode the IV. Since this field is of variable length, we do need to encode a length this time. The length is constrainted to be between 1 and 2 - a range of 1- the minimum number of bits needed to encode this is 1, and so a 1 bit field is appended to the encoding. Now we encode the longs in the IV; because these values are OCTET STRINGS, we need to align ourself on an octet boundary, if we're not there already. Once we've emitted any necessary pad bits, we encode the IV as the indicated number of 4 byte values. After that we encode the first key as described above, and if the second and third key are present, we encode those as well. If there is room for 3 bits in the byte preceding this encoding (a
likely occurence, especially if the application supports several
different key types (RC4 & IDEA, etc)), this encoding is still 32 bytes
in the worst case, and 12 in the best case. To be continued... (unless I get flamed off the list)

@_date: 1995-10-02 22:55:17
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Simple Hardware RNG Idea 
What about a beam of high intensity ionising radiation aimed at the detector? Since we're dealing with lo intensity sources, this could force
the RNG into a small part of its range. Beware of black helicopters carrying cyclotrons :-)

@_date: 1995-10-05 21:18:29
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Simple Hardware RNG Idea 
Hmmm. But isn't this method slightly biased? If the probability of  N events < the probability of N+1 events, wouldn't you need a large number of events per bit to make the bias insignificant? The measurement I was thinking of (which would have been susceptible to the external attack) was to measure the interval between events, and convert that to a uniform distribution. That's probably trying to get too many random bits per event, but does let you use much lower level sources.
BTW, I was just having dinner with a bunch of guys from HP labs in Bristol, UK, and the subject of hardware RNGs came up. The idea of Strontium-90  as the next computer consumable has a certain appeal- the designating brandname is "Omnisource".
 "Are you having trouble scintillating? With Omnisource, you can scin till
  dawn!"

@_date: 1995-10-07 10:37:00
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Supercomputer export ease 
The policy always made nearly as much sense as the crypto export restriction. My favourite r.a.a. was one I heard about when I was working as a unix admin at the Technion. The rules forbid exporting a four processor convex , but had no problems with two two processor models. Contract with America - Explained!			|Phone: +44-81-500-3000
Contract: verb						|Mail: ses
1) To shrink or reduce in size - the economy contracted +-----------------------
2) To become infected -My baby contracted pneumonia when they stopped my welfare

@_date: 1995-10-08 21:14:06
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Java 
Perry -   This has come up several times on the java list; some of them are covered in the papers on java security, but there's no reason to believe that the treatment in those papers is necessarily correct. Given the fact that it has proved possible to core-dump the jvm interpreter in the past, it's possible there may be security leaks in the implementations out there. If anybody is going to perform a more rigorous evaluation of the both the theoretical security model, and of the re-ified systems curently extant, looking at java the language is not the best place to start. A much better place to start is to look at the class loader and the java VM
The major assumptions needed to allow for security are:
I'm not sure if these are sufficient; however they do present the most promising candidates for attacks. If 1 is false, then it becomes possible for a remote class to pretend to be a local class, and thus gain access to the file and networked classes.
If 2 is false, then the method gains un-restricted access to memory.
3 is similar to 2 - if you can turn an int into a pointer, you've won.
4 is imporant for many reasons - one obvious use is to change the the class-loader in a remote class to disguise it's origin, with the same result as 1. Any attack on the Java VM should start with the verifier in the class-loader. This is supposed to prevent 2 & 3. One of the sun papers refers to the verifier as a theorem prover- to me this implies that the design has been formally verfied, but then we know how much that's worth, don't we Phil :-)
BTW, source code for the Java VM is available for no cost; you just need to send in a request to the java team, and a notarised affidavit affirming that X sucks and NEWS was infinitely cooler.
See the java pages for more info  (
in the first Java security paper's bibliography. The paper has nothing to do with S-HTTP or any other aspect of security. There also doesn't seem to be any actual cite in the paper itself. Go Fig...

@_date: 1995-10-09 08:17:51
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: The problem with Java 
I'm not sure how many people here have read the paper on java security that is included with the distribution - I'm including the html source at the end of the message. That gives some more information on what Sun does and does not claim. That makes it easier to verify whether or not those claims are correct, and whether they are sufficient for whatever level of The document can also be found at HotJava: The Security Story
 HotJava(tm): The Security Story
HotJava(tm)  is a world wide web (WWW) browser, built using a new language called Java. Perhaps the most significant new facility that HotJava implements is the ability to import code fragments across the net and execute them. One of the most important technical challenges in building a system like HotJava is to make it safe. Importing code fragments across the network, installing, and running them is an open invitation to security problems. The question of how to provide a secure environment for code to execute in doesn't have a single answer. HotJava has layers of interlocking facilities that provide defenses against a variety of attacks. These layers are:
The JavaTM  language, which was designed to be a safe language and the Java compiler which ensures that source code doesn't violate the safety rules.
A verification of the byte codes imported into the runtime to ensure that they obey the language's safety rules. This layer guards against an altered compiler producing code that violates the safety rules.
A class loader which ensures that classes don't violate name space or access restrictions when they are loaded.
Interface-specific security that prevents applets from doing destructive things. It depends on the security guarantees of the previous layers. This layer depends on the integrity guarantees from the other three layers.
Security layer one: the language and compiler
The Java language and the compiler comprise the first line of security for HotJava. Java was designed to be a safe language. Initially, the development team thought that by adding safety features to an existing language such as C++, the safety goals could be achieved. However, as work progressed it became clear that this strategy would not succeed without putting some restrictions on C++. C++ has a series of facilities to control access to objects, but it also has ways to forge access to objects and to sub-parts of objects that defeat the access controls. The C++ facilities that allow forging have either been eliminated in Java or changed to make them safe. Most importantly, you can't do pointer arithmetic; in fact you can't modify pointers in any way. However, Java has true arrays instead of pointer arithmetic. And because the primary use of pointer arithmetic in C and C++ is to access arrays, programmers often don't notice the change. Another example is the "cast" operator: the Java compiler checks that a cast is legal, whereas C and C++ do not. Security layer two: verifying the bytecodes
A trustworthy compiler ensures that Java source code doesn't violate the safety rules, but someone could alter the compiler to produce code that violates them. HotJava, which can import code fragments from anywhere, doesn't know whether a code fragment comes from a trustworthy compiler or not. So, before executing any code fragment, the runtime system subjects it to a series of tests.
The tests range from verification that the format of the fragment is correct, to passing it through a simple theorem prover to establish that the code plays by the rules. The code is checked to ensure: that it doesn't forge pointers
that it doesn't violate access restrictions
that it accesses objects as what they are. (For example, the tests ensure that "InputStream" objects are always used as "InputStreams" and never as anything else.)
that it calls methods with appropriate arguments of the appropriate type
that there are no stack overflows
The representation of code fragments loaded into the runtime is a byte coded machine-independent instruction set that bears a resemblance to representations like the UCSD Pascal P-Codes[Bowles78], i.e., it is stack based. Consider the following Java code sample: class vector {
    int arr[];
    int sum() {
        int la[] = arr;
        int S = 0;
        for (int i=la.length; --i>=0;)
            S += la[i];
        return S;
    }
The byte codes generated when the above code is compiled look like the following:
Type information
Java bytecodes contain more type information than is strictly necessary for the interpreter. For example, both the aload and iload opcodes have identical implementations, however, aload is used to load a pointer and iload is used to load an integer. Similarly, the getfield opcode has a symbol table reference; the symbol table has type information. This "extra" type information allows the runtime system to perform checks that guarantee that type information isn't being illegally manipulated. Most stack based instruction sets don't limit what you can do with the stack and local variables. Conceptually, at any point in the program each slot in the stack and each local variable has a type. This collection of type information, i.e., all the slots and local variables, is called the type state of the execution frame. An important property of the type state is that this type can be determined statically by induction, i.e., before any program code is executed. As the runtime systems reads through a block of instructions, each instruction pops and pushes values of particular types. Instruction definitions are required to have the following inductive property:
Given only the type state before the execution of the instruction, the type state afterwards is determined.
Given a straight-line block of code, i.e., no branches, and starting with a known stack state, the type state of each slot in the stack is known. For example:
A number of stack-based instruction sets, like Smalltalk [Adobe85] do not have this property. For example, the definition of the PostScript add operator explicitly states "If both operands are integers and the result is within integer range, the result is an integer, otherwise the result is a real." In many situations this dynamic type behavior is considered to be an advantage, but HotJava needs to provide a secure execution environment and it must know the types of objects in order to guarantee a certain level of security. In conjunction with the inductive property above we require that:
When there are two execution paths into the same point, they must arrive there with exactly the same type state.
This requirement has several implications. For example, compilers cannot write loops that iterate through arrays, loading each element of the array onto the stack, effectively copying the array onto the stack. This behavior is prevented because the flow path into the top of the loop will have a different type state than the branch back to the top. Because all paths to a point are required to arrive with the same type state, the type state from any incoming path can be used to do further manipulations.
Code is checked for compliance with these rules by a part of the loader called the verifier. It traverses the byte codes, constructs the type state information, and verifies the types of the parameters to all the opcodes. The following illustration shows the flow of code from Java source code to execution by the runtime system.
The verifier acts as a gatekeeper by preventing the execution of imported code until it has passed the verifier's tests. When code verification is complete a number of important properties of the code are known:
The code causes no operand stack overflows or underflows.
The types of the parameters to all opcodes are known to always be correct.
No illegal data conversions are done, like converting integers to pointers.
Object field accesses are known to be legal (i.e., the verifier checks that the rules for public, private, and protected accesses are obeyed).
Knowing these properties makes the runtime system much faster because it doesn't have to check anything. There are no operand type checks and no stack overflow checks. The runtime can eliminate these checks without compromising safety.
These properties also provide a foundation for the security of the system:
pointers can be treated essentially as capabilities applications cannot forge pointers, e.g., casting an integer to a pointer
applications cannot get around pointers
all the access restrictions are enforced So, in HotJava, you can trust that a private variable really is private, that no piece of application code is doing some magic with casts to extract information from a private variable, for example, a credit card number from the billing software. This means that implementing security for HotJava against destructive applets is easier to do. HotJava security has to deal with restricting file access and the ability of applets to grab files and throw them over firewalls. The HotJava security implementation doesn't have to worry about threats like hacked bytecodes forging access to private methods or overflowing the stack.
Security level three: the class loader
After the initial runtime environment checks are passed, code encounters a class loader. The environment seen by a thread of execution running Java byte codes can be visualized as a set of classes partitioned into namespaces. The class loader guarantees that a unique namespace exists for classes that come from the local file system (called built-ins), and a unique namespace exists for each network source. When HotJava imports a class across the network the Class Loader places it into the private namespace associated with its origin. Thus, classes imported from different places are partitioned from each other.
When a class references another class, the runtime system first looks for it in the namespace of the built-ins, then in the namespace of the referencing class. There is no way that an imported class can "spoof" a built-in class. Built-ins can never accidentally reference classes in imported namespaces, they can only do it explicitly. Spoofing is prevented because the system always checks built-in classes first.
Security level four: protecting the file system and network access
HotJava enforces security policies confident that its security interfaces are secure. The three lower levels of security guarantee that all local classes, e.g., the file access primitives, are themselves protected from being supplanted, replaced, or extended by imported code. The file access primitives implement an access control list that controls read and write access to files by imported code (or code invoked by imported code). The defaults for these access control lists are very restrictive. If an attempt is made by a piece of imported code to access a file to which access has not been granted, a dialog box pops up to allow the user to decide whether or not to allow that specific access. These security policies err on the conservative side in order to ensure maximum security. This conservative approach may make writing some applets more difficult or awkward.  For network security, HotJava provides a variety of mechanisms that can provide information about the trustworthiness of imported code. These mechanisms cover a wide range of possibilities. At the simple end the system can check on the origin of a code fragment to determine if it came from inside or outside a firewall. At the sophisticated end of the range a mechanism exists whereby public keys and cryptographic message digests can be securely attached to code fragments that not only identify who originated the code, but guarantee its integrity as well. This latter mechanism will be implemented in future releases.
The security policies implemented by the runtime system can be dynamically adjusted based on the information available concerning the origin of a code fragment. The Socket class provides such an example. The Socket class implements security policies that are adjusted to reflect the trustworthiness of the code that invoked it, and transitively, the code that invoked the invoker. The information about what code began the chain of execution is available to the class in the form of which namespace contains the invoking code and what parameters are associated with that class. The class loader puts the classes it has loaded in a specific namespace, allowing the Socket class to determine the network host from which a class is loaded. Knowing the network host allows the HotJava security mechanism to determine whether the class originated inside or outside a firewall. Knowledgable users of HotJava can decide which category of hosts to trust when loading executable code. For example, the Socket class can implement the policy of only allowing new connections to be created that terminate at the host from whence the code was loaded. This restriction means that code loaded from outside a firewall cannot connect to other machines on the net behind the firewall. Code that comes from more trusted sources can be allowed more freedom to make connections to other machines. As an additional defense against untrusted sources HotJava's security can be set to prevent any code from being loaded. The level of security is configurable by HotJava users.
The security in HotJava provides a safe environment for the execution of imported code. The security is based on interlocking layers of security that range from the design of the Java language at the base to the file and network access protections at the top. In the future HotJava will support network commerce through the inclusion of public key encryption technology.
Adobe Systems Incorporated, "PostScript Language Reference Manual", Addison Wesley.
Aho, Alfred V., Ravi Sethi, Jeffrey D. Ullman, "Compilers: Principles, Techniques and Tools", Addison Wesley.
Bowles, Kenneth L, "UCSD Pascal", Byte. 46 (May)
Chambers, Craig, David Ungar, and Elgin Lee. An Efficient Implementation of Self, a Dynamically-Typed Object-Oriented Language Based on Prototypes. In OOPSLA `89 Conference Proceedings, p. 49-70, New Orleans, LA, October 1989. Published as SIGPLAN Notices 24(10), October 1989. Also published in Lisp and Symbolic Computation 4(3), Kluwer Academic Publishers, June 1991.
Deutsch, L. Peter and Alan Schiffman, "Efficient Implementation of the Smalltalk-80 System." Proceedings of the 11th Symposium on the Principles of Programming Languages, Salt Lake City, UT, 1984
Goldberg, Adele and David Robson, "Smalltalk-80: The Language and its Implementation", Addison Wesley.

@_date: 1995-10-09 14:13:21
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: netscape mail starts java attachments upon get new mail... 
Java applets can't read /etc/passwd, and can't issue NIS requests unless they were downloaded from an HTTP server running on the NIS server (actually, they can't do UDP at the moment, so that's out as well)

@_date: 1995-10-09 17:07:54
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: netscape mail starts java attachments upon get new mail... 
The design of java is supposed to make analysing for security easier than it might be in other similarly sized systems- whether it does this or not is something that needs to be checked for carefully. The three components that need to be analysed are the class loader, the implementation of the JVM, and the code to check network connections. Analysing the VM and the class loader should be a simple (hah) matter of structural induction (possibly a two step process of converting the vm description into a denotational semantics and analysing that, followed by a proof that the vm is a faithful implemenation of those semantics.)
the networking code is simple  to prove safe if the VM and classloader can be shown to be safe.

@_date: 1995-10-09 17:29:59
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: java security concerns 
[ I just got Man-On-The-Street'ed by a TV news crew asking my opinion of   the OJ Verdict, I'm entitled to a little Side-Bar Hey - but sendmail was designed to be Z-1 secure - formally proven to be unsecurable :-)
For the general case this is true. To be able to trust larger systems, you
need to not only be able to trust the individual 2 pagers, but to also be
able to show that composing the sub units doesn't lose whatever property
you're trying to do. The architecture of the system needs to be designed
with this in mind; otherwise reasoning about the composite becomes
intractable. There are all sorts of things you can do to make analysis
easier - eliminating global state, etc. Retrofitting security or verifiability never works. Distributed co-operative theorem proving, anyone?
Real point of the message:
In my previous message, I left out some fundamental parts of the run-time that need to be looked at carefully. The garbage collection needs to be examined carefully. Normally GC algorithms are formally derived, so it's the implementation that needs to be checked for. holes in the GC may be too unpredictable to exploit for anything but core-dumping, especially since java uses a mark-sweep conservative collector. A more promising area of attack might be the Thread system. If the thread
system can be confused, it might be possible to have an untrusted app
start executing in the context of a trusted thread. This may or may not be exploitable, depending on how much of the untrusted threads context gets held over (call stack, etc), but could be fun if it works.

@_date: 1995-10-10 09:23:40
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: netscape mail starts java attachments upon get new mail... 
Mirroring, where the url used to access the data is not that used for the original, could be a problem; caches that aren't mirrors and which keep the original URL are ok. Whether mirroring is a problem in general is a different subject.

@_date: 1995-10-11 22:41:47
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Noise: Re: CJR for perl-RSA t-shirt 
Not a good choice of words - remember, you should never expose your private, er, key...
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)   ((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-13 07:38:52
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: The Economist on Netscape "hackers" 
Usually the Economist does take pains to get their facts right, and to print corrections if errors are reported. Recently they have been making a few more mistakes than they used to in their net coverage (most amusing mistake was making John Curran CTO of BBN instead of BBN Planet). They did come to the right conclusion on the payment standards issue, so they do deserve at least a B-.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"     (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-13 12:50:45
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Same ol' massive MITM exposure in Netscape 2.01b 
Just to repeat old news: Netscape 2 has similar  exposure to MITM attacks to 1.1. Netscape 2 does make one variant of the MITM attack less useful: The new document  info page allows information to be obtained about inlined images as well as the base page; this breaks the old attack of only intercepting inline image requests (which can be used to steal information in request headers without there being any chance of your certificate showing up). 1) The client does not do any verification that the certificate used for the transaction is one associated with the server, allowing MITM substitutions as long as the server has a properly signed certificate
2) The client does not issue warnings for redirections from one https page to another https page, even if the url to which it is redirected has a different hostname to the url originally dereferenced.
3) In the case of redirection, the document info screen does not provide information about the originaly referenced page, just the final page. This allows the MITM to intercept the first request, steal the request data, then issue a redirect to hide the certificate used in the intercept. 4) In the beta version, the document info page does not display the security info (I did check with  MITM disabled). (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-14 13:11:37
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: [noise] Re: Identity database, another attempt... 
This probably dates back to the time when a palestinian group tried to blow up an El Al flight from London by persauding the pregnant Irish girlfriend of one to carry a package for a friend. Flights from London have had the spiel ever since. El Al still does the best pre-flight screening (much more detailed questioning, and the security staff actually listen to the answers.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)   ((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-16 20:34:53
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: transaction costs in anonymous markets 
Actually, this sounds a lot closer to someone like S&P or some other rating agency.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)   ((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-18 09:38:17
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Postscript in Netscape 
Well, assuming that US law follows british practice in this regard, it
would seem that those people would be wrong- to prove fraud, you would
need to show intent to commit fraud, and it's been obvious for a long long
time that Netscape's security holes are the result of lack of experience
rather than malice of any kind. Would you have a security expert write
your graphics engine? Microsoft is the Evil Empire; Netscape is  a Naughty Principality.  ----
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-20 16:36:52
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: The trial of the century? 
Any reports on todays outing to the Bernstein case? Any gifs of courtroom sketches to upload?
Johnny Cochran - Sears spokesman:     "If it doesn't fit, you can take it back and change it."

@_date: 1995-10-20 21:56:18
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Java good for security? (was: 50 ways...) 
Earlier on, when the Java threads started, I posted several responded to a post like this explaining why java theoretically protects against attacks like the ones mentioned, and suggested what parts of the code need to be examined/attacked to violate the security assumptions. Everybody here knows what you can do if you can execute any code you want; to show a breach you must show that the code you want can be executed.
Although I wouldn't put money on the current implementation of the Java VM is 100% perfect, I am pretty confident that a fully trusted VM can be built (the instruction set and type verifiers are very simple and conservative). Adding in the garbage collector and the thread system may make things more complicated, but hopefully these factors won't make things too bad. Once you have a trusted VM and core runtime, all you need to do is add once the run-time classes you need and are able to verify to your desired level of trust, and you have a reasonably trusted language to write your programs in. This, and several other features of java should make it easier to write trusted code.
Hmmm. What other features would be good for writing trusted code like network servers? Anyone got any cites on language issues and security? That don't involve ADA :-)?
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-22 23:53:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: How can e-cash, even on-line cleared, protect payee identity? 
I can't remember off hand, but isn't blinding transitive? If so, there's an obvious way to get two way anonymity with an on-line system. If Alice wants to pay Bob $10, then Bob could prepare the usual squillion copies of the note, each with a serial number known only to Bob, then blind them and send them to Alice. Alice would then reblind them and send them to Nick, the banker. Nick
would then pick one of the notes, and ask Alice for the blinders for the
rest. Alice would then ask Bob for his blinders for the rejected notes,
and would forward both sets on to Nick, who would check them, and if
they're legit, sign the remaning copy, and return it to Alice.  Alice cound then remove her blinding factor, and sent the result on to
Bob. Bob then removes his blinding factor, and can now spend the coin. Since Alice doesn't know the serial number, she can't reveal it to Nick so that he can find out who deposits the coin. Also, since Nick doesn't know the serial number, he can't collaborate with Bob to find out who Alice is. Does this work, or am I missing something?
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-10-24 21:40:12
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Does your software? 
Thanks for saving me from the temptation but I guessed you were so taken aback by the performance claims that you missed the most amazing claim: an httpd that is proof against Denial Of Service. I'd love to know how Dr. Fred does this, since DoS is believed impossibly to defend against for unauthenticated TCP...
The usual DoS attack is to send a stream of connection-initiating SYNs to the target port, and never ACK the returned SYN. This fills up the listen queue, and jams the port. As long as you can generate SYNs faster than the TCP implementation times out the older pending requests, the port is jammed (modulo a small window of, er, invunerability between one of your SYNs timing out and its replacement turning up). Ob Crypto:
  Has anybody thought about running Photuris over a TCP connection to do application-level key-exchange? The cookie stuff isn't really needed in this application, but it's still quite a nice wheel.
 -----
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-11-05 07:39:29
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: using PGP only for digital signatures 
This is kind of a risky policy to take. The general feeling I get that allowing non green-card holders access to strong cryptography is sort of decriminalised, in that the police aren't likely to break down your door and have your AFS server accidentaly fall down stairs. However, it is still against the law, and could be used against the university in other unrelated circumstances.
It seems that licences allowing foreign nationals access to cryptographic software within the US are pretty easy to get, and especially for something like PGP on a central machine. Simon // My name is Spero, Simon Spero - licence to encrypt

@_date: 1995-11-05 07:47:02
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: consumer products that make nice sources 
I've always wanted to make a RNG by sticking a Brownian motion detector into a really hot cup of tea...
Simon // Share and Enjoy(tm)

@_date: 1995-11-05 09:12:18
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: using PGP only for digital signatures 
And here we have the rub. People with permanent residency (i.e. green cards) are fully entitled to access to strong crypto. Most foreign students are on J-1 visas, which do not grant permanent residency.

@_date: 1995-11-05 13:40:58
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: using pgp to make an otp 
On the subject of reused one-time-pads: What are the attacks that become available if a pad is used two times. The ones I can think of are:
known plaintext- if any parts of one message can be obtained or guessed, statistics- (m1^C)^(m2^C) == m1 ^ m2. If the message is english, then certain combinations of letters are more frequent than others. Try more probably cominations first. Guess phrases - pick a common word - slide it down the m1^m2 text and see if the result looks like english - if it does, you've got a word in one, and a bunch of known text in another. The latter attack looks like it could be automated pretty well, and could run pretty fast, but I get the feeling I'm missing an obvious, better method. What's the standard way of attacking TTPs?
What's the most secure way to reuse a OTP if (say) an emergency happens when you're on the road, and you're out of pad? Could you build a sequence of keys for something like DES from widely separated bits of the pad, and use each key for one block, or is this likely to expose the original OTPed message, as well as the successor messages?

@_date: 1995-11-05 14:53:07
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: lp (134.222.35.2)? 
Yes, you've finally cottoned on to the secret NSA routing trick to cleverly tap all traffic. Really clever the way they use two hosts in the 132.222 Class B network. Strange that traffic from EUNET should be using that network, especially since it happens to be listed in the whois database as being NET-EUNET-X25.
::chivalry:ses$ whois -h rs.internic.net 134.222
::European Unix Users Group (NET-EUNET-X25)
::   Kruislaan 413
::   NL-1098 SJ Amsterdam
::   NETHERLANDS

@_date: 1995-11-06 13:06:07
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: nym-compoop 
Multiple choice:
a) Because I have a PPP connection to Dionne's Psychic Internetwork
b) Because my brownian motion RNG used an inferior quality rubber band    and I can now travel through time.
c) Because the Earth is round.
lets work the example:
a) can't be correct, because there's no way anyone on my salary could    afford the 1-900- charges.
b) can't be correct because If I could travel in time this weekend, I'd have    gone to  Ramat Gan with an Uzi, and one of the best generals of the    twentieth century would still be  alive.
c) could be... I wrote the message from a machine in Menlo Park, which is    in the pacific time zone. Convert both times to GMT, and everything make    sense.

@_date: 1995-11-07 15:05:22
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
I think it's unfair to call the people at the ODTC and the NSA sick; during the cold war, such restrictions did make some sense; in particular, controlling the export of high-performance encryption hardware does make it harder for other countries to deploy ubiquitous strong encryption, particularly in the less developed countries, and particulalry for chips that required exotic fabrication (the soviet union never had really good mass-production facilities). Controlling software encryption without controlling publication never
seemed to make that much sense, except that the lack of ubiquitous
encryption probably allowed for lots of  realatively non-sensitive intercepts that might otherwise have been impossible, and which may have been useful fuel for analysts.  However, now that the cold war is over, and now that fab plants are
sprouting up all over the world, these restrictions make a lot less sense
than they used to. Their main consequence is to restrict the deployment of
strong cryptography world wide, including the United States. Strangely
enough this would seem to hurt, not help, the NSA in the most important
part of their current mission, which is to help protect US industry
against industrial espionage and virtual terrorism, which is a far more
pressing threat. It's time for the policy makers at the NSA and GCHQ to realise that they
won the war, give the appropriate people OBEs and knighthoods, allow the
GCHQ to rejoin the civil service unions and apologise for the insult to
their patriotism of their forcible de-unionisation, and above all,
concentrate on fighting the real enemy - The French :-)
Simon // Wow! Did I really just write all that. Next thing you know, all       // be saying sometime nice about Netscape.
   I would expect the incoming Labour government to remove the ban on
Union membership at GCHQ, with the old guaranteed non-strike agreement. I
wonder how many other similar organisations allow employees to belong to
unions? I'd guess that the Israeli ones would, mainly because I can't
imagine any major Israeli organisation not being unionised :-); I can't
picture the CIA or NSA allowing collective bargaining ("America works best when you say Union 0w98bvchgfwer097").

@_date: 1995-11-13 18:57:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Java's verifier (was Re: Java insecurity - long - argumentative - you are warned.) 
Yeah, but when you graduate, they let you in to the real secret- if a problem is NPC or Undecideable, either use some wild guesswork (oops, heuristic), or try solving enough of the problem to be usable. The java verifier not only terminates, but runs in time linear to the size of the program to be verified. This is because the verifier doesn't really calculate whether a program is safe or not; it determines whether it can prove that the program is safe or not. It's possible to generate sequences of bytecodes that do not perform unsafe accesses, yet which are still rejected by the verifier because they violate it's requirements.
The verifier can be considered to be an abstract interpretation over the depth and type-state of the operand stack. If the state is known before an instruction, it is always known after that instruction, and if there is more than one way to arrive at an instruction, each control path must arrive at that instruction with the same typestate.
Examples (not real JavaVM, but similar)
    a	load-int 1	; stack = (int);
    b 	load-int 4	; stack = (int) (int)
    a	load-int 1	; stack = (int);	
    b 	load-int 4	; stack = ERROR (float || int)
This last example is invlaid, even though it's possible in this case to show dynamically that the program will always arrive at b with an int on the stack; there are still two control paths that arive at b, one with an int, the other with a float.
I hope this makes sense

@_date: 1995-11-15 13:53:20
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Who needs time vaults anyway? 
Nothing really;  It would probably be better to do some sort of secret sharing and use a number of somewhat trusted escrow-agents, but the protocols aren't too complex. For the simple case where the release is time based, you could even make the process totally automatic; just have the escrow agents send off their bits of the key when the time has expired, and voila.
As for real time-release - how about just using conventional encryption, and require it to be brute-forced?
Depending on how fine grained you want the release to be, you could also take the inverse of Moore's law, work out how big a key you need to have it unbreakable in less than the desired time, add in whatever fudge factors you feel like based on how much it would be worth to the opponent to get early access, then lock up the secret and throw away the key.

@_date: 1995-11-15 04:26:30
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
The interesting question is how narrow the interface has to be before it becomes in violation of the ITAR. Is the key question whether the "holes" are specifically designed for the insertion of cryptographic materials, or is it the fact that they could be used to support cryptographic

@_date: 1995-11-15 12:55:09
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: credit card conventional wisdom 
No. What Phil is saying is that the magnetic strip contains an extra group of digits which are only available when the stripe is read, and not when the card is used for CNP. I can't confirm or deny this, as despite my new bosses, I still find it hard to care about credit card readers (mostly because US banks won't let me have any).

@_date: 1995-11-15 13:02:32
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: [NOISE] Random Thoughts (was Re: BBS Generator Code) 
Re: Blum-Blum-Shub.
Isn't the best reason to use BBS the fact that it's just so much fun to say- it sounds like something out of Lovecraft.
Blum Blum Shub Niguath, the Black Code of the woods with a thousand bits. MD5 and LFSRs are just plain dull.
Simon // All I wanna do is make a Blum-Blum-Shub with a zoom-zoom

@_date: 1995-11-16 10:45:31
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: credit card conventional wisdom (fwd) 
The printed digits above the embossed account number are the first four
digits of the BIN (on Visa cards) or ICA (on MasterCards). They are there
to discourage re-embossing of the card with another account number.
Original Message:

@_date: 1995-11-16 11:09:14
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: credit card conventional wisdom (fwd) 
Further info:
  The AMEX digits aren't part of the standard info- someone I spoke to who started off as a grey box programmer said that he thought they were just process control.   Card-present/Card-not-present can be determined from info on the magnetic stripe; for visa cards, this info is stored in a three-digit checksum at the end of the discretionary info.
Card Imprints taken with no online authorisation are typically charged a transaction fee of 3-6%: with authorisation, 1.5-3%.  ATM card transactions  are charged at around $0.10 per transaction.

@_date: 1995-11-17 10:23:54
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: NSA, ITAR, NCSA and plug-in hooks. 
It's not too hard to think of a compression scheme that needs extra information to be passed from client to server; the obvious example is some sort of dictionary compression with external dictionaries (can be very effective for short messages where LZW etc never get a chance to get going). Another, more likely case, is where the object could have been compressed by several schemes, and a scheme ID is needed to determine which alogorithm to use. The real issue would appear to be intent, though. If it's obvious that the real intention for the hook is to allow encryption to be added, the State department can jump on it.

@_date: 1995-11-22 04:24:28
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Proving I'm not Bob. 
Obvious approach probably makes the rest of the protocol useless but...
If you force everything to be signed using keys corresponding to certificates issued by a trusted agency, that CA can be used to guarantee the inequality.

@_date: 1995-11-25 05:47:24
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Sun rumor [WAS Re: real life problems with ITAR (was Spam the Sign!)] 
It sounds like something I heard from John Gage, though the rumors may be getting conflated with Suns purchace of the entire Soviet super-computer industry in (I think) '92.

@_date: 1995-11-28 15:48:27
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Inexpensive Crypto Boxes... 
We've had this discussion sort of before, but not involving consoles yet, so I'll throw in my 2p. It isn't likely to be worth doing this with a sony play-station; it's DSP
capabilities are nothing special, and you're paying way too much for
irrelevant stuff like CD-ROMs, 3D accellerators, etc. For the same money
you could get a load of 56Ks or some of the TI chips. If you must
canabalise a game system, you'ld be better off using either a Sega Saturn
(more general purpose CPU power), or mayhaps ripping apart an Atari
Jaguar, which has some nice custom DSP hardware, with a big fat bus to play with. It'd still be more of a stupid pet trick than a real solution, but definitely a neat hack.
BTW, I wouldn't be suprised if we do get to see some sort of Internet software for the next generation consoles. I remember getting a pretty good spit-take out of some of the NCSA guys at the WWW-WW in 93 when I mentioned AT&T were bringing out a modem for the sega genesis, and we were thinking about getting a dev kit and taking a shot at 'Sonic the Webhog' (turned out to be impractical - bit rate was too low, dev kits too expensive). With the new systems, the dynamics have changed (nvram in the machines, faster comms, more memory and CPU).
I still think that the idea of selling dickless workstations for the home is prehaps not the best response to rapidly falling disk prices; however, If you raise the price by $100, and use that money to add a 500Mb/1Gb hard drive, the whole thing becomes a lot more interesting - thats enough storage to keep your localy created data around (unlikely to exceed 100Mb), whilst using the rest as a cache for stuff that really lives on the network. If I had any shirts worth betting I wouldn't put them on this concept, but it might be interesting.

@_date: 1995-12-01 09:37:53
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Netscape's Delicate Balancing Act 
If anyone interested, I'm planning to  make up some T-Shirts featuring "The South Bay Url Company". Simon // Yes, we also do Tulips
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-11-22 09:09:18
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Secrets of the Internet 
Never underestimate the power of GCHQ- when they unfreeze Alan Turing from the cryogenic vault, good things happen.

@_date: 1995-12-01 16:59:25
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Barring access to Netscape 
The field is User-Agent. However, blocking access to users of Navigator isn't a particularly useful thing to do. If you must do something, why not modify your GET handler to add a header to the start of all html pages informing people of the problem, and suggesting alternatives. Someone else [I can't remember, but I'll call them Alice] claimed that the
security problems showing up were part of a deliberate conspiracy.  To
anyone who knows anything about the history of these things knows how
absurd this is. The principals at Netscape are a nice bunch of really
guys, but were not really up to speed on issues like security and
networking- for example, the first incarnation of SSL had an RC4 stream
running with no checksumming whatsoever. The security problems that
resulted are due to the learning curve.

@_date: 1995-12-13 00:56:02
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
My gut & scribble-on-the-back-of-a-napkin feeling about this class of attack is that it could be a problem for smartcards (almost certainly), and possibly for non-routed networks (possibly - napkin was too small  :-), but is not going to viable on internetworks where routers are in use; if a packet enters a queue at any point in its path, then the transit time will be quantised by the time it drains the queue, which is basically controlled by the time it takes to drain previously queued packets; this will destroy any microsecond level correlations that may have been leaked. Ron is supposed to be doing a presentation at WWW IV later this week - hopefully he'll give his opinion on this.
Definitely a really neat hack, even if it isn't always practical.
 Someone mentioned adding random timings instead of padding out to a constant time. This won't work (adding noise doesn't destroy a signal - just increases the effort needed to isolate it)

@_date: 1995-12-14 02:26:33
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
Perry - I don't think NTP goes down to the sort of resolution that appeared to be where the signal is here, and for quantisation reasons, I don't think it can work over a public routed internetwork. I'm still open to having my mind changed here; my network weenie gut instincts tell me that routing is too non-random for the signal to propogate. [I may have misread the paper, but the accuracy required seemed to be on the order of 10-100 usecs; if I've got that wrong, could someone mail me an OOM to be working with]

@_date: 1995-12-18 13:20:06
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Political Cleanup program 
Just a straight Chaumian style blinding won't work, as there are too many covert channels available via both timing and amounts; For example, Joe Random Capitalist-Oppressor could arrange to pay a series of relatively small amounts wth different values in the cents field which could be used to confirm their payment (e.g. they could be composed to form a digitally signed value of some kind ("pollution rools" or "lung cancer is kool") :)
Sen. Dianne Running-Dog could then look for a matching set of donations and confirm that the bribe had in fact been paid. There are much better ways of reforming the political system -the formation of proper political parties with real programmes (the one good thing about the newtoid surge); changing the rules for TV advertising, etc. Blinding just makes things worse.
Simon // Introducing Covert Chunnels- the british side has a really slow          rate, and the french won't let there citizens use their side..

@_date: 1995-12-18 10:30:51
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Is ths legal?... 
There is some precedent for Federal funding being used to influence the behaviour of universities - most notably with anti-discrimination. I don't think federal contracts affect this particular area.

@_date: 1995-12-23 04:02:47
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Remote use=export? 
Not export, but disclosure, and hence a violation.

@_date: 1995-12-28 18:28:00
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: DejaNews and Alta Vista Search Tools, and Privacy Implications 
[Re: regulating dossiers et. al.]
I'm sure that Phil Hallam-Baker has brought this up before, but there is a fair body of law on this subject internationaly. Probably the most restrictive is the UK Data Protection Act which regulates
 storage of personal information on computers (but not on paper). The DPA has a lot of holes, and seems to be honoured more in the breach than in the observance; other european countries have similar requirements. Of course, the UK has no FOIA, and won't until after the next election, so the most interesting databases aren't available.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-12-29 22:07:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: practical annoyances from multi-level security? 
Does anybody have any pet peeves and gripes about using systems with a compartmentalised security model- things that took ages to do even though they didn't really impact security, features that just got in the way or were too complicated to really use, etc?
I'm currently working on a problem that seems to have some analogies to the compartmentalised problem, running code with various levels of trust were deliberate read-up and accidental write-down could be a breach. I've  personally never used a system of this sort, but I've heard from friends in the RAF doing COM/SEC (more COM than SEC) that MLS can be a real pain at times. [for the truly paranoid, the RAF operates a network of communication satellites called Skynet :-)]
p.s.   still no luck on the Hackers soundtrack - I did recognise a few prodigy tracks though
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1995-12-31 08:41:41
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: new years resolutions for cypherpunks 
Another year, another flamewar :-)
Anyone else prepared to sign something similar?
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
In 1996 I resolve to (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1996-01-01 08:07:52
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Is this as insecure as it sounds (was FWD: Complete Fax Privacy Draws C 
If the plastic sheet is just a fixed mask, then this scheme yields instantly to chosen  plain-text (just send an all-black page), really quickly to known-plaintext, and pretty quickly to multiple cyphertexts.
There's got to be more to it than that
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1995-12-21 14:09:52
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: FTC Privacy Initiative (fwd) 
FWIW, Sunsite has always had a policy of following the guidelines of the American Library Association on both collections policy and use of access records. The ALA rules are pretty cool, and have the great advantage of being easily understood by administrators (it also means that you can rely on the library community as an ally in the event of challenges.)
Joe-Bob says check them out

@_date: 1995-12-20 22:56:02
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Digicash and capital adequacy 
This came out of a corridor discussion yesterday as to how digicash would affect future banking systems:
How does digicash interact with capital adequacy requirements? Should each
digi-dollar issued require a corresponding hunk'o'assets in the customers account, or should the bank be able to issue digicash using existing rules? Digicash can have a much faster velocity than real cash, so I can sort of imagine their being periods where adequacy limits could be exceeded.
What's the panels view?
 p.s.
    I got to see the movie "Hackers" while I was sick in bed after WWW     IV. The movie was pretty bogus, but the soundtrack was pretty     cool. The wonderful movie website had nothing about any soundtrack     albums; anyone know if there was one?

@_date: 1996-01-04 03:00:37
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
[Why am I taking this seriously? :-)]
Make sure that the person you talk to in Russia is actually allowed to sell you the launch system first; a few years ago there were a lot of people trying to sell the stuff on, some of whom were even authorised.

@_date: 1996-01-04 06:13:06
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Guerilla Internet Service Providers 
Hey! I've just had an epiphany. HOToL promised much cheaper costs to put things in LEO. The initial design was finished and tested, but nobody would provide the funds for the second round or implementation (probably because it wasn't French enough :) Nowdays, anything involving the Internet automatically gets ridiculous levels of funding. If we can just get John Markoff or Walter Mossberg to declare HOTol to be an Internet Technology they'll be able to use banknotes as heat shields.
Simon Spero, BSc. Eng, ACGI
{Ok, this whole thread is noise - I'm up to my eyeballs doing PKCS in  java, and I canna take no more :)}

@_date: 1996-01-04 12:20:25
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: New Mitnick Book 
Yes, it was John who set this up (I remember him talking about the arrangements he was making just before the actual session).

@_date: 1996-01-08 06:30:14
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: phone calls from hell 
Hey - he spent so much time training suicide bombers maybe the phone was set to blow if anyone dialed the, er,  Samaritans.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1996-01-14 05:38:04
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: RSA accellerators on ISA/PCI cards? 
Does anybody have any recommendations for a good RSA accellerator available on an ISA/PCI card? I'm looking for something that can be used with numerous public/private keys, though the ability to have one tamperproof key would be a bonus.
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1996-01-14 11:09:29
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: [noise] The economics of super-stars - partial cite 
This came up at the bay area cyherpunks meeting - I haven't got the full citation, but the orignal paper was by Sherwin Rosen of the University of Chicago; it was published in 1981, under the title "The Economics of Superstars" - I think it might be in:
        TITLE: Studies in labor markets / edited by Sherwin Rosen.
        PUBLICATION: Chicago : University of Chicago Press, 1981.
        DESCRIPTION: ix, 395 p. ; 24 cm.
             SERIES: Conference report / Universities--National Bureau (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1996-01-17 15:11:39
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Spiderspace 
Bill mentions 'archie';  it's interesting to note that the problem of stuff that wasn't supposed to be public turning up in archie listings dates back to at least 1991. Amongst the problems were hosts of the form  ftp..com which had anyonmous ftp, but which weren't supposed to be public, and of files put up on such sites but not announced, usually by support people transferring a file to some customer which then got picked up in the sweep.
Then of course, there was the time in 1993 when someone left a world-writable directory on the X consortium web site intowhich someone uploaded 300Mb of pornographic jpegs. This happened over the weekend, so they had a nice long chance to sit there while all the mirror sites happily duplicated them. If it was your turn to be archied whilst those files were there, you were in the database till your next sweep. All those Horny net geeks who found the directories empty would then send plaintive messages asking where the files were, and how to join the gif club.
 (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1996-01-19 10:47:06
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Espionage-enabled Lotus notes. 
I'd love to know what Mitch Kapor has to say about all this..

@_date: 1996-01-24 04:46:37
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: The Collapse of Ideas in a Pop Culture 
Bollocks. If you can remember Saturn Vs taking off before reruns, you're too old! Simon (27th July 1969, nearly called Neil)
ob crypto:

@_date: 1996-01-24 06:22:05
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Hack Java 
Have you implemented this? If so, I'd be interested to hear how; It doesn't sound feasible.
Symbol tables in java class files don't have offsets - they consist of a list of class_ids, names, and types. Offsets into the class object are theoretically generated at run time, and are purely internal to the virtual machine. The only way to get at the offsets is through the _quick variants, which are not real java instructions, but placeholders inserted by the Sun classloader after offsets have been calculated. If the class verifier can be
made to allow _quick instructions through, security disappears - this is checked for- a hole in this code would be huge.

@_date: 1996-01-24 07:29:51
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: IPSEC == end of firewalls 
This thread definitely belongs as cypherpunks, as the whole point of the discussion is to debate the limits of what cryptography on its own can achieve. What do you need as well as crypto before you can remove all firewalls?
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1996-01-24 10:26:52
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: SS Obergruppenfuhrer Zimmermann (NOT!) 
The official pastry of the 1996 Cypherpunks.
One might note that Zimmerman isn't, er, a common name for yer typical Neo-Nazi... This sort of accusation is sufficient grounds for libel in the UK (such accusations have been found to be defamatory, and would almost certainly be settled within a few days. Of course Phil (Hallam Baker) has more experience with this sort of
thing...

@_date: 1996-01-24 23:56:41
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: [local] Report on Portland Cpunks meeting 
This is pretty much the  pure web-o-trust model - the identity of the person is assmed to be known at the start of the process, and what is verified is the key- closure gets you the other folks.
I'm usually not to keen on WOT, but if it was an AI project, this is
the example that would be in the writeup :-)

@_date: 1996-01-26 02:14:18
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: mouse droppings 
Larry Irving is a deputy secretary at the Commerce Department, and heads up the NTIA and NII initiatives. He has a strong  civil rights background, and actually uses the net rather than just having some aide send him some clippings.

@_date: 1996-01-26 02:39:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: TOP_tap 
Here's an embarassing question to show my ignorance - I thought the NSA was a Military organisation. Is it under the Pentagon, State, or is it a separate part of the executive?

@_date: 1996-01-26 09:05:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: mouse droppings 
In general the whole Commerce team is pretty good on this; their goal in life is to help US companies sell stuff; it's State and defense that are interested in controlling exports. Ron Brown has a top-notch team, and he's one of the best politicans (in the good sense) in the country today, and is willing to really fight for the interests of Commence. Of course, the downside shows in the ethics questions (sigh)
 Of course, State tends to treat arms sales the way other departments
treat logoes boxes of chocolates, to be given away as parting gifts make
guests feel welcome. F-15Es to the Saudi's? Kind of like giving F-4s to the Shah.

@_date: 1996-01-26 09:21:58
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: TOP_tap 
I kinda feel sorry for the NSA staffers sometimes - they're basically a bunch of computer geeks and math whizs who don't get to wear jeans and

@_date: 1996-01-27 17:20:22
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: "This post is G-Rated" 
THere are several schemes being put about that work along those lines,
with message formats being standardised, but not the actual values - you
should then pick your favourite rating agency, and they determine what is
rated and how.  This system creates a new market for rating agencies, and
it also helps parents to determine more precisely what *they* think is fit
for their children. There are pros and cons for both the single set of standard codes, and the niche model - a single set is likely to be just a little above the lowest common denominator; with niches kids whose parents who pick the CC rating agency aren't going to be getting talk.origins in their newsrc anytime soon.

@_date: 1996-01-26 17:10:01
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Lotus Notes 
[Birthday paradoxing to get test for non-random padding]
If you were to try this, you'ld probably want to try around 12,000 to reach the 95% confidence interval. However, I seriously doubt that this is going to be the case; they're using BSAFE, which does random padding to PCKS1 in just about all it's RSA modes.  The only people Lotus could hire to get it that wrong probably have too much tied up in options to be easily head-hunted.

@_date: 1996-01-27 13:40:00
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Exports, Europe, and Conspiracy Theories 
Actually, MIT is usually placed in Cambridge, Mass. (though the W3O also has a branch at Inria - Sophia Antipolis.

@_date: 1996-01-29 00:51:05
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Time codes for PCs (fromn German Banking) 
Talking about which... anybody know of any fuzzballs that are set to be junked? It'd be cool to take a fuzzball and get IPV6 w/IPSEC running. Wouldn't like to run an OC12 through it though.

@_date: 1996-01-28 03:58:03
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Prime Time.... 
Something I ran across in an old book on number theory
In 1953 D.H.Lhmer used the SWAC calculator to check for Mersenne primes (2^n-1). The largest one found was n=2281 - the runtime was 66 minutes.
Anybody with access to one of the new Cray fish-tanks want to get a datapoint for the closest machine in 96 so we can check on how well Moore's law worked?
Simon // Suddenly my Powerbook 140 seems fast again

@_date: 1996-01-30 09:13:14
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: CONTEST:  Name That Program! 
OBKI - Overhyped Boring Keystroke Interceptor?
PROGRAM - Public Relations Optimised Grabber of Really Accessible Material?
MINTATE - Mail Is Not The Answer To Everything?

@_date: 1996-01-31 04:24:42
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: FV Demonstrates Fatal Flaw in Software Encryption of Credit Cards 
So there you have it - FV offers "security through irrelevancy"

@_date: 1996-01-31 05:18:50
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Sad state of affairs 
THere is no truth in the report that Algorithm choosers were added to
BSAFE so it would be easier to leave RC2 out :-) Assuming this is RC2, that is...
When someone reverse engineered Prince (the algorithm formerly known as RC4), that was significant as the code was in widespread use, and was a nice fast stream cypher, which was pretty much an empty niche. RC2 is fighting for an already populated area, battling IDEA, 3DES, etc, etc. Oh yeah, and RC4 is really pretty, whereas RC2, is as ugly as DES and friends

@_date: 1996-01-31 09:52:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: FV's Borenstein discovers keystroke capture programs! ( 
Let's give it a try ...  (this is with a copy of DragonDictate Professional running on a Pentuim 90 with an IBM DSP card  handling some of the work.  Not exactly cheap, but well within budget  for our purposes.)
3141592654. NSA.  That wasn't too bad now, was it?  Of course, the NSA
wasn't in the default vocabulary, but then again, neither was the NSO.  Is
this government censorship?
Now then, does anybody have a nice high quality radio bug we can stick on Nat's telephone?  Maybe we'll be able to  spoof their PR Agency, leaving them helpless :-)
Disclaimer: I have a huge amount of respect for all the individuals at first virtual; they're all greats from the field of Internet mail.  However I think this biases them towards a mail based solution, even when this isn't the best way to tackle the job.  I'm disappointed that they have to stoop to this level in a desperate attempt to hold what seems to be an untenable market position, when there is so much important work they could all the doing.
  Consistency is also pretty good :-)
(at least with voice recognition, the typos are spectacularly   catfish   wombat haddock).

@_date: 1996-02-02 01:16:43
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: short FV question 
When my CTS plays up like it has this past week, I use a Dragon dictate Voice Recognition system. Since I' Not actually touching a keyboard, does this make me secure?
RSA - The Canadian For Butt

@_date: 1996-02-01 14:25:07
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: parallel encryption 
Ok, so I've got my BeBox and so finally have an SMP of my own again; anyone want to suggest any cool crypto stuff that parallelises well?
Rogaways hashs look interesting, and nDES offers an obvious process network for pipelining, but what about things like running multiple interleaved CBC streams in parallel, with each stream starting off from a different IV? I can't think of any practical ways of speeding up a single RSA operation, although twice as many processors obviously gives twice the thruput.
"GM spent $3.6 billion giving birth to the Saturn, and it doesn't even go  supersonic." - Ben Rich, Skunk Works head (75-91)

@_date: 1996-01-11 18:38:59
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1996-01-11 19:02:29
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Pantsing- sorry, Takedown 
I skimmed through the book at Keplers; it seemed an interesting enough romp. The style is Markoff all the way, so it's well pretty well written.
They do seem to paint a pretty black and white picture of Mitnick, which is to be expected given the author's involvement in the investigation.
It seems like a good book for a long flight, or a slow caltrain. I was a little annoyed by the way the authors dissed Raleigh as a 'backwater' though. Ok, it's not Chapel Hill, but still :-)

@_date: 1996-01-11 19:18:01
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Zimmermann case is dropped. 
For once, Thatcher said it best: However, Churchill said it better: But has Phil sold the photos to a tabloid yet?
 (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1996-01-15 11:18:32
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Phil Z getting through customs 
bad answer: No, I'm post-menopausal.
Most countries strictly regulate the import of any kinds of produce. This
is to try and prevent the introduction of new pests and diseases; the
controls are even stricter for livestock, especially in the UK (which
would like to remain rabies free). When I was a student and had long hair, I used to always get questioned
when going throught customs. After graduating, and having normal length
hair, I had a lot less trouble. Long serving customs officers develop
models of characteristics that in the past have been indicative of
smuggling or wrong doing. Given that most points of entry are
under-staffed, there's not much else they can do.
The strictest customs I've been through is at Lod (Tel Aviv); there the assumption is that everybody is going to try and bring in at least some sort of radio/fax machine to avoid the high taxes, so they check all baggage. They do have the best security team in general though, so it balances out.

@_date: 1996-01-15 22:54:20
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Eggs at Customs AND a quick question 
I've been reading "Number Theory and it's History" by Oystein Ore (1948, reprinted by Dover books, $9.95). It's old, but it's understandable to a computist like me, and if it's in print after 58 years, it can't be bad :)

@_date: 1996-01-22 10:36:02
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: (none) 
RSA used in a raw mode will always give the same plaintext for the same cyphertext; however most uses of RSA use (or at least should use) PKCS1 random padding - thus the plaintext passed to RSA will be different each

@_date: 1996-01-22 12:58:16
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Netscape + Verifone 
The first I heard of this was when John Young posted the cite this morning . Maybe he can find out which cubicle they're going to be moving me to :-/
The full text of the press release is available at

@_date: 1996-01-22 23:01:19
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: IPSEC == end of firewalls (was Re: (fwd) e$: PBS NewsHour, Path Dependency, IPSEC, Cyberdog, and the Melting of Mr.) 
I tend to oscillate between the two positions; at the moment I think that firewalls are still needed with IPSEC.
Firewalls cannot be removed if
I can't see anyway to cope with the first problem- however the latter two are legacy headaches, which tend to clear up given time.
What I do see happening is more and more IPSEC machines moving out into
a quasi-DMZ as it becomes much easier to make ordinary machines secure enough to go over-the-top; however, it'll take more than just IPSEC to make this fool-proof enough to move everybody out there.
One worry I do have is that if such a machine is misconfigured it could cause more damage as that machine is trusted more because it's using IPSEC. (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1996-02-02 03:27:26
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: The Boys From Brazil - thoughts on cloning Nazi servers 
I've tried to stay out of this thread, as it is mostly off topic, but I do have one suggestion to people setting up clones of the zundel site. There's a fine line between defending someones freedom of speech, and actively promoting that speech. The reason these mirrors have been set up is to counter the restriction on access to the original site that has been put in place by Deutche Telecom; however, in addition to defeating this restriction, this approach also makes the material more widely available than it was previously, which could be seen as crossing the line between defence of free speech, and active promotion. One approach that would stop this line being crossed would be to configure the clone servers to only allow access to sites in Germany affected by the original restriction. This compromise defends freedom of speech, but does not give the site any wider promulgation than it would have had had no government restrictions been emplaced.

@_date: 1996-02-02 04:30:11
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: The Boys From Brazil - thoughts on cloning Nazi servers (fwd) 
I think you missed my point (run on sentences do that :).
To give one of the standard illustrations; I've written a short story, and
the evil mind-control freaks at Analog and IASFM refuse to publish it with
the flimsy excuse of it being crap and written in crayon.  You are not
required to send me millions of dollars so I can publish it myself. Howevr, if I did raise the millions of dollars, and TPTB tried to stop me
from publishing, there would be an obligation to fight that censorship by
permitting me to publish. Freedom of speech means that it other peoples speech shouldn't be censored; however there is no obligation for anyone to fund or lend other support towards that speech.  This situation is somewhat complicated in that in order to fight the censorship, the mirror sites must 're-publish' the material; however as a side effect they are also publishing the material in a  prominent way to people whose access has not been censored.

@_date: 1996-02-02 05:02:06
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Crypto-smart-card startup Inside Technologies 
One other little point about 640 bit rsa; there's no way I'd ever buy an
RSA accellerator tuned for 640, for one very simple reason. Most of the important keys I want an acellerator for are 1024 bits or longer - C/As, SETT banks, etc. I want to be able to clear 20 PKOPs per second without impacting the main CPUS; if I need to buy a busful of these babies they'd better be damn cheap and be available with duplicate keys...

@_date: 1996-02-02 11:31:55
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Prediction about new credit card number scheme 
(defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1)

@_date: 1996-02-03 14:22:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Analysis of PGP keyserver web of trust 
There's a bunch of nifty graph-mangling code available as part of the stanford graphbase (literate CWEB, written by DEK; I think that had some stuff for bi-connectedness).
Simon //  TeX Files - Don Knuth is out there

@_date: 1996-02-04 04:35:10
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: RE: Sometimes ya just gotta nuke em 
So secret even Gen. Groves was unaware of it- he was so misled that he thought he would have the next Fat Man finished on the 12th or 13th August 1945, and ready for dropping on the 17th/18th of August. PerryDeflector: Guess they must have used some pretty funky codes eh?

@_date: 1996-02-05 07:24:13
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Wading through lame crap, plus on-topic privacy stuff 
Even your on-topic stuff wasn't really on-topic "-)
You can relax - the bank doesn't have a bunch of PIs snooping around to find out what you're up to. What actually happens is that the university sells the list of registered students to various organisations for use in direct-mail campaigns. (defun modexpt (x y n)  "computes (x^y) mod n"
  (cond ((= y 0) 1) 	((= y 1) (mod x n))

@_date: 1996-02-06 02:59:38
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: RE: Sometimes ya just gotta nuke em 
Actually, it was the other way round. The bomb dropped on Hiroshima was an enriched uranium gun type bomb; the devices exploded at Trinity and Nagasaki were imploded plutonium devices. The Little-Boy design was not tested before being dropped as 1) the design was so (theoretically) simple that if it didn't work, nothing would, and 2) there wasn't enough enriched uranium to make two of them.
  Everybody interested in this subject should read "The making of the Atom Bomb" by Richard Rhodes; it's an amazing book, well worth its Pulitzer. The section dealing with Hiroshima in the seconds and days after the explosion is incredibly painful to read.

@_date: 1996-02-05 15:12:09
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Sometimes ya just gotta nuke em 
Japan's nuclear program effectively ended on April 12th when the headquarters were destroyed (by conventional bombs). There program never really got very far, lacking both funding and Hungarians :)
That's a pretty strong statement; the Japanese government was split into two camps, with the hawks slightly in the acendancy. Facts were changing on the ground, making it clear that things were about to get a lot worse (Stalin was about to enter the war against Japan, supplied were running short and gettirng worse (thanks to intercepts); Curtis LeMay had reduced just about every city apart from Hiroshima and had command of the air.
All these factors could very well have changed the balance of power within the government without the presence of nuclear weapons; no sure thing, but not impossible.

@_date: 1996-02-08 05:47:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: POTP gets good press 
It could be doing something SKIP like; if the certificates are DH certs, it could be using those to generate a shared secret, and combing that with an IV to generate a key.
hard to tell from the article

@_date: 1996-02-08 10:45:57
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: POTP gets good press 
[original messsage]
[reply to my reply] I guess I ought to try and find the article; I took this line in your message to suggest that there was such a CA. Could you possibly type in the relevant bit of the original article (though I suspect there's not much in there anyway)

@_date: 1996-02-09 07:27:51
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: POTP gets good press 
Hell, UNC had its entire comms room taken out by a steam pipe breaking caused by a water main bursting. Haven't there been any advances in technology since the 40s?

@_date: 1996-02-10 18:23:46
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Need a "warning" graphic of some kind for CDA 
This post rated SB for Southern Babe. My credit rated NC-17.
No she didn't! She brought us voluntary labelling, which is completely different. Some local governments have then tried to use those labels to commit censorship, but that's illegal. Ms. Gore's attitude is and always has been that parents should be responsible.
 Exon's CDA (Chicks, Dicks, and Arseholes) is different because it
restricts content by law, including material protected by the first  The Administration has repeatedly stated its belief that those parts of the bill are unconsitutional, and does not intend to enforce them. Unfortunately, because the rider was attached to such an incredibly corporately popular bill, it would have been politically impossible to veto it for this, epecially since they believe that the courts will throw out the (ir)relevant parts. These corporate interests in getting the bill past also make's those who did vote against the bill in the house and senate especially deserving of praise; they won't be getting many Telebucks this year. maybe CypherPAC can reward them?

@_date: 1996-02-11 08:52:40
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Strange Sounds of Silence 
Are you sure? The coverage has been wall to wall out here (Bay area); front page above the fold, business pages, computer columns, editorials and editorial cartoons. Apparently it's the same level of coverage back in the RTP.
What part of the country are you in? I guess the coverage is different in the major geek zones like the bay area and RTP

@_date: 1996-02-12 08:28:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Strange Sounds of Silence 
That's goddess-like.
"lib'ber", eh?  Sounds like libber.a, a common name for libraries implementing the basic encoding rules, used in the PCKS and X.509 - can someone give me a pointer to where I can find a copy of v3 online?

@_date: 1996-02-15 22:11:40
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Online Zakat Payment: Religious tithe. 
Nuke *Fulham*? I thought you might have picked up a few tidbits from the
last nukepunks thread, but just in case- despite what you may have heard,
nuclear weapons are not precision tools. A device dropped on Fulham would
probably not be welcomed by Her Majesty's Government, although since the
blast damage would probably level Kensington Palace to the ground, it
would solve the Diana problem.  ---
They say in  online country		So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way			Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man		Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA			Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-16 04:59:19
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Carrying the Bible an Offense? 
I don't know about the US, but under British common law it's possible to bring private prosecutions; this is incredibly rare, but still possible.
They say in  online country		So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way			Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man		Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA			Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-17 13:16:15
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: CDA Yes Votes; Collection 
So, if the US were to end up with a President Buchanan elected by 25% of all eligible voters, would you advocate seeking exile, or armed rebellion?
They say in  online country		So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way			Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man		Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA			Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-19 15:58:31
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Risks of a style anonymizer? 
Not forgetting such mysterious works of science as "Manos: The Hand of Fear"
They say in  online country		So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way			Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man		Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA			Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-20 12:59:17
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
Monty, my squeaky python, has a pop quiz for you. 1) What is the definition of a One TIme Pad?
2) What is the standard informtation theoretic proof of the    unbreakability of a One Time Pad?
Use an number 2 pencil and write on both sides of the perpetual motion
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-20 15:21:17
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Internet Privacy Guaranteed ad (POTP Jr.) 
But it's got rotors! Rotors I tell you!
Hiss, squeak. Hiss, squeak.  Hiss, squeak. They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-26 09:07:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Internet shutdown Feb 29? 
As a matter of interest, I wonder how much of the internet could be shut down by concerted effort; obviously individual services can be trivially disabled by jamming listen queues (not really stoppable by anything short of IPSEC w/photuris). The BGP backbone could probably be disabled from within by a traitor planted in one of big companies, and a confused backhoe around the MAEs could probably do a lot more damage than people would like to admit. It seems that the internet is getting pretty brittle- I wonder if it would be worthwhile having some sort of infranet with a bunch of backups links using dial-up lines or spare transponders (with a filter to block port 80 :-)
It's probably not possible with  todays routing technology (slow, flappy links with nightmarish convergence times), plus it's not sexy like a nice OC-12 SONET. This is the sort of thing the NCSC should be working on- something to keep the essential services flowing in the early stages of an info-war, or an info truck-bomb
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-26 15:42:54
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Java configurability 
Are you subscribed to coderpunks - this sounds very much like the SolidOak project on we're working on; this uses embedded singatures to authenticate bodies which vouch for the integrity of a class and it's referenced sub-classes. The current spec doesn't have dates for expiry in there, and doesn't really have versions for referenced classes (needs exact hashes), but does support signatures being added by multiple authorites at different times. It uses the Dns from the signatures as extra keys into the ACL.
I have to demo the currently speced system next week; after that I'll be trying to merge the spec with another simiar scheme to give a common standard for signed java classes; I'll try and post the spec as it currently stands tommorow when I'm at my dragon and can correct a few bits that got changed during implementation. They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-27 08:49:58
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Remember, RC4 is now PC1 
Call it  "Prince"
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-28 15:48:31
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: fun with the web and security 
This has been discussed a lot in the URI working groups since around 92. I think it's actually documented in the RFC
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-29 09:49:45
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: fun with the web and security 
This is roughly  what was talked about; I seem to remember DEBUG being discussed with this (it's the one that takes the least typing). The URI WG often got so tedious and repetetitive I may have been unconscious and dreaming it :-)
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-02-20 20:47:19
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Need SSL firewall 
Can't you just run a dumb TCP relay? I used to have one somewhere, but I can't remember if I solarified it to run with multi-threading. I can try and dig it up, but it'd probably be faster for you to rewrite from scratch. I also have a ssl proxy for the client side which I wrote to demo the MITM attack, but that doesn't sound like what you need.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-03 12:07:27
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Win a free Apache-SSL-US Commercial license 
Not quite an entry, but am I the only one to pronounce SSL "Cecil" (SEcure Socket layer), to go along with SHTTP as "Shit-p" (nil)?
Cecil The C2 Web server?
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-04 20:16:38
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Teach the children well... 
I got the latest copy of the latest ComputerWare catalog (they're a big mac dealer). Up front, in there list of new releases was something that looked fun;
Top Secret Decoder (CD-ROM)
Ages 8-12
Mysterious, marvelous, mind-stretching software for kids who love creating and cracking secret codes. Kids'll sharpen their critical-thinking skills and earn top-otc secret agent credentials. Includes 300 code-cracking challenges, spectacular printing, plus 10 difficulty levels. There is no truth to the rumours that they are POTP or IPG licencees. If you
beat level 10, an animated Jim Bizdos comes out and does a little dance
Take a copy along when you do your visit for  NetDay  ---
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-04 09:06:31
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Leslie Fish address? 
try asking on alt.music.filk; a recording, espeically if the tpae can be understood by a voice recognition system? That would make t-shirts look sensible
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-10 14:26:57
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Leslie Fish address? 
"RSA can you see, By the DN's early light"
 "People try to put us down
  Modular Exponentiation"
"Well we squared the accum
 And halved the exponent
 And people could see I was a proponent
 of Big Nums
   Big Bad Nums"
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-10 13:19:38
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: SurfWatch 
I seem to remember this being something Channel 4 introducted on there own to try and deflect criticism (and probably saved the station). Probably saved the station, and introduced a lot of people to the art of subtitles :-)
Has anybody registered CrotchWatch as a trademark?         you're making bucks like you're fucking shameless
        i'm coming hard  it won't be painless
        coding styles of the rich and brainless

@_date: 1996-03-10 13:31:07
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: FCC & Internet phones 
The real complaint of the telephone companies seems to be not that the calls are free, but that the 'whatevers' are not subject to the same tariff regulation that they are. I'm sure it's because they want to be able to lower their fees to the same level to compete. Quit sure. Simon         you're making bucks like you're fucking shameless
        i'm coming hard  it won't be painless
        coding styles of the rich and brainless

@_date: 1996-03-14 05:52:55
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Remailer passphrases 
Just to clarify Perry's statement- Diffie-Helman key exchanges can provide Perfect forward secrecy if fresh parameters are used each time- protocols like the old version of SKIP, which do not use fresh paramaters each time, do not provide perfect forward secrecy.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-16 13:54:25
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: RE: Tim's friend's mildly retarded son 
Simon // "Bad journalists live for moments like these"
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-21 05:54:01
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: IPG - newest release of the ABC Encryption Algorithms (fwd) 
my first gut reaction is that there looks like the scheme falls trivially to 64 bytes of known plaintext, but I didn't look at it closely.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-26 01:20:46
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: RISKS: Princeton discovers another Netscape security flaw 
A pound to a bucket of ferrets this is another visit from our good friends
Capt. Overrun  and the static buffers, in which case it's more an indictment of C They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-26 04:15:40
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? (Was List O' , shame) 
If the Leahy bill is unacceptable, what legistlation is necessary? I can't see how the use of cryptography in the commission of a crime needs to be a separate offence, but I could see how it could be treated as a special circumstance - that doesn't really needed a new law though.
I do feel that it should be possible for courts to sub poena crypto keys, but that doesn't really need new law either (4th and 5th ammendments become _really_ important though (hmmm- there advantages to writing down a constitution after all :)
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-26 08:42:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: RISKS: Princeton discovers another Netscape security flaw 
I'm not totally convinced that creating an A* implementation of the java VM is impossible; the vm instructions are simple enough to define the necessary abstract interpretations over, and denotational semantics of,with a reasonable degree of confidence. I'd definitely rather right a trusted application in java than in C They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-26 21:52:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: So, what crypto legislation (if any) is necessary? (Was List O' , shame) 
Hmmm - that's another issue; what about diffie hellman with ephemeral keys? Once the transaction is complete, unless you keep a copy of the key, even you can't decrypt that session. Would a law requiring you to keep a copy of the keys be important. It would have the advantage of allowing a sub-poena to be more restrictive than "just hand over your private key", but it's a pretty heavy (undue?) burden. They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-26 21:49:12
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Why and how people work for free on "challenges" 
Because it's a cool thing to do?
And why isn't he using his own airline  :-) (Love those Masseusses in "Upper They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-30 11:23:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Canada's ISO standards body? 
Try  (X. series docs come from the ITU, not ISO. Same text I don't think v3 has been balloted yet - that gives you a chance to explore one of the more amusing twists of OSI standardisation- you can get copies for free of most drafts from the editor right up until it gets standardised. Silly, isn't it. They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-30 15:01:06
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: NOISE: Scriveners Attack C-Punks 
[unsubscrive commentary]
This is cypherpunks- cypherpunks have colds.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-29 23:15:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Edited Edupage, 24 March 1996 
A lot of the aura of "proprietariness" of SSL comes from the early history, which I don't think we need to go into again.
DER BOOLEAN :  [UNIVERSAL 1]
I never had any problem getting hold of ASN.1 information for free (I even managed to get a change into the PER spec without being a government).
Marshall Rose's "The Open Book" really helped.  protectzia rules, even if Tim doesn't know what it means :)
Mind you, when I was working on z39.50 I had tremendous fun working on debugging when just about everybody had hand-rolled their own compilers or codecs, and nobody actually had a real copy of the ASN.1 specs The real problem with asn.1 is that it is so easily abused; unless you stop and think about what the spec you're writing is going to look like in terms of structs and bits on the wire it's way too easy to come up with something completely unimplementable. When used correctly it can be a life saver, and when used with PER, the
encodings generated are often way better than you'ld end up with if you
designed the encodings manually, especially for modern cache
architectures; however if the spec is fucked up there's not a lot you can do. Hmm - hi abuse potential - now there's something that really needs federal
regulation.

@_date: 1996-03-31 14:16:11
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: What backs up digital money? 
[Everyone's ignoring the obvious answer: Exabyte's, silly :)]
I find it kind of strange that many people are advocating setting up nano-currencies when lots of central-bank grownups in the EU are still bang-up for monetary union. I'd be interested to hear why so many people think the massive extra costs involved in adding 1000s of extra private negotiable currencies will somehow be worth it (apart from FOREX and derivatives arbitragers).
If I was going to create a purely digital currency I'd want to do it at a supra-national scale (e.g. the Euro or maybe even the UNO); otherwise why not just treat chaumian cash as just another payment instrument.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-31 13:25:27
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Note: Problems Confronting the Asset Concealer [Part 1 of 2 of Volume I] 
I'm a non-american living in the us, benefiting from writing crypto (or at least implementing stuff based on crypto primitives). You need to get an export licence, but I gather they're normally pretty automatic.
I don't know if this depends on nationality though
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-03-31 20:40:52
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: RE: Why Americans feel no compulsion to learn foreign languages 
To speak to really expensive whores? "Moo! I tell you I've seen them. Black milk floats, hundreds of them, crusiing the streets in the middle of the night. " - The UNigate tapes
   Remember when having a mind like a sponge was a good thing?

@_date: 1996-04-02 20:21:40
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Java flaw is in bytecode verifier 
My bet is currently on the flaw being due to a silly mistake in some part of the code dealing with returns from finally handlers. The Suspense Is Killing Me :)
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-05 22:56:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: e$ Signorage 
And there I was thinking it was the right for Greenspan to sleep with any unmarried woman on the eve of her wedding...
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-14 06:05:31
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Open Systems, Closed Systems, & Killer Apps 
you can call X.25 a lot of things, but proprietary is not one of them. X.25 did not fail because it wasn't open; X.25 failed because it was crap
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-11 17:30:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: questions about bits and bytes 
No, bytes are no always 8 bits - some machines use(d) 9-bit bytes. That's why we have the word octet.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-12 05:33:56
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Protocols at the Point of a Gun 
No - the company that will bring it to you: AT&T :)
Seriously - putting this sort of stuff at the IP layer is not doable; confidentiality and encryption, at least on a host-to-host basis is sensible (we know a protocol about that, don't we children)
Application AND user level authentication doesn't fit so well below the application level. Am I the only one to find it really wierd that the Unabomber had a pen-pal? Guess they don't last long..
 ---
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-13 19:11:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Why there are so many cluless people 
There's a report on this in thise weeks bay area guardian; it's really just a schme to get people to pay to recruit other people to use someone elses webpage hosting service.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-14 14:20:27
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: US crypto laws? Need help! 
You need to get an export licence if you want to be legal; however, this sort of licence is more or less automatic, and should only take a few weeks to process.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-15 16:31:30
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: RC4 licensening 
Well, if you're using RC4, you're probably using some sort of public-key based key exchange, which you're probably going to need to licence, and BSAFE is the easiest way to do that,  so RC4 is pretty much a freebie
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-16 16:07:08
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: CDA Court Challenge: Update #7 (Ducks on the Net) 
Dash it Declan, I spent a hard day up to my eyeballs in ASN.1. When I get home I want something cute to look at. Where are the darn  ducks?
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-17 19:35:38
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: What's the "Human Interaction Institute" at CMU For ??? 
ER... one other possibilty could be Computer/Human Interaction (CHI), which is what he's published in before. Your buttocks are quite safe
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-18 04:08:56
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: [NOISE] Bizdos /  A hacker's paradise 
1) Wasn't hacker's paradise the theme to Dangerously Mindless?
 Tell me why are we so blind to see
 That the code we need is on ftp
2) I keep getting wierd mental pictures of Jim Bizdos in that Saturday Night Live sketch
   "You likea the source? It's a good source. Hey, he no likea the source"
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-18 08:51:04
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: CDA Court Challenge: Update #7 (Ducks on the Net) 
You need to send a message to majordomo with the body
subscrive cypherducks (tree-frogs are much cuter than toads)
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-18 17:02:09
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
Hmmm- I think this could be interesting to study; if we treat the space of possible passwords as a non-uniform probability distribution (Zipfian?), and then transform it in such a way to be uniform (by having the probability of certain passwords being disqualified be based on their relative probability it should be possible to get a situation where all passwords are possible, and all have equal probability.
This gives optimum security ( I think). Of course there's then the game theory assumption that the attacker will know about this and try paswords randomly; if they instead attack passwords with a non-random approach, the optimum passwords will be tuned to their attack strategy, unless they know you're tuning to their attack in which case they will tune their attack to your [stack overflow - bus error, core dumped]
 Interesting exercise.
"There is power in a packet, power in a LAN
Power in the hands of the hacker,
But it all amounts to nothing if together we don't stand
There is power in a UNIX

@_date: 1996-04-19 11:49:54
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: why compression doesn't perfectly even out entropy 
Much the same feeling I had when I got a royal flush playing for matchsticks
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-20 15:55:02
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Dictionary searching code 
You could try using isite (see  which is a pretty cool search engine, and should work well enough, and the patrie structure could make restarts really fast . The real answer to your question depends almost entirely on the machine
you wish to run it on- is memory not a problem? If so, tries may be your
best bet, though you may have bad cache interactions. Otherwise, you might
be best going for a probabalistic approach and using hash table to elimate
definite non-matches, then an AVL-Tree or similar for confirmation. If you
just use a single bit for each hash-table datum, you can afford to make
the table pretty sparse
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-24 17:09:55
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: EYE_suk 
That'd make cointel a little tricky :-) They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-26 17:52:30
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Mindshare and Java 
In SolidOak, the verification is more or less free of charge, as it runs
the signature code in a separate low priority thread, which often gets to
complete during network induced latencies when fetching sub-classes, which
can be initiated on class download before the code is instantiated.It also
allows multiple classes to verified with just one PKOP, so the cpu cost is amortised over a lot of stuff
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-26 19:49:16
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] What is "laser material"? 
I think it's something nasty like a flouride of some kind (I seem to remember reading that the biggest problem with anti-missile lasers has been stopping them frm disolving the pongos firing it. Definitely sounds nice if it works. I've had scuds fired at me and I didn't enjoy it :)
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-28 17:33:08
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Mindshare and Java 
Can you explain a bit more about why you think a multitiered model is not useful? I thought the general rule of thumb was to execute code with the minimum privileges necessary- are you advocating a single all-or-nothing They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-30 12:09:47
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: The Joy of Java 
I don't owe you anything! I don't owe you anything! Oh, food fight.
Most of the emphasis in the paper seems to be on the lack of a denotational semantics for java and the java VM, and on the lack of a formally defined set of rules for type inferencing rules. For security purposes, java-the-language is not particularly important; it's the VM code that counts. This is a shame, as it's pretty easy to come up with a reasonably clean denotation for java, wheras the byte code gets pretty messy. It would probably be easier to get a cleaner semantics if you define a set of rules to transform the byte code into an alternate form and then define the denotational semantics for that. The paper mentions  that the authors believe the VM to be unsuitable for a denotational semantics, but the issue is not explored to any great depth. I take it twenty minutes before I go to sleep; seems to work pretty well.
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-30 16:59:38
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: The Joy of Java 
See the documentation for FileOutputStream; unsigned java applets can't make persistent changes, but signed ones can. Applications can always access the file system
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-05-01 11:05:28
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Smartcards are coming to the US 
Much as we Englishmen like to pretend, it is a bit of a reach to describe France as a third-world country...
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-04-25 16:35:29
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Mindshare and Java 
Both policies make sense in different circumstances; however,  refusing to run unsigned code, even though it reeks of FUCKING STATISM is easier verify, and harder to circumvent; We're experimenting with both approaches in Solid Oak (one classloader that rejects unsigned classes, another that works with the security manager to use the signed IDs to make policy decisions where necessary. That approach is the more flexible, but it remains vulnerable to flaws in the policy manager if it is somehow possible to do naughty things without going through the security manager. If you require even untrusted code to be signed you at least have a target-id to send to blacknet for attitude adjustment.
One thing that could be retroactively added to the vm pretty easily would be the ability to add capability requirements to methods, and have the class loader automatically generate code to check for those requirements before executing the body of the method
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-05-03 17:31:39
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: unsescribe 
unsescribe is not a valid use of the 'ses' service mark. Please report for termination immediately. (Of course, if actually you want to be terminated, you might find it less painful to send a message to majordomo containing the body
unsubscribe cypherpunks
They say in  online country             So which side are you on boys
There is no middle way                  Which side are you on
You'll either be a Usenet man           Which side are you on boys
Or a thug for the CDA                   Which side are you on?
  National Union of Computer Operatives; Hackers, local 37   APL-CPIO

@_date: 1996-05-04 15:03:50
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Why I dislike Java. (was Re: "Scruffies" vs. "Neats") 
As far as I can tell, Perry's requirements are that *no* uncertified "code" should be running anywhere inside the firewall, whether it be a java applet or a game disk brought in by a temp in settlements.
One application of Solid Oak could be used to help out here; many applets are not custom written for a single page, but are instead just instances of fairly standard code. If this code is signed for by the software house that produced the applet, then the code can be accepted or rejected based on a approved vendors list.  This works for most medium security applications
There are situations where this is not enough; normally these organisations will have there own security divisions capable of doing there own evaluations. In these cases, the local security division could sign the code, and the application on the desk be configured to only run applets authenticated by the local security team.
       We are a bunch of hackers, networked through the soil
       Fighting for the TCP we gained by honest toil
       And when our bytes were threatened, then the cry rose near and far
      "Hurrah for the Buggy GNU Hack that comes in lots of tars"

@_date: 1996-05-12 06:47:41
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: The perfect IPO 
Secure Fingerprint verification over the World Wide Web in Java.
So cutting edge, I haven't even installed powerpoint yet. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-05-12 12:14:35
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: need nym-differentiation, perpetual motion, and FTL travel please 
This is one of the features in the forthcoming release of Comparichino, the worlds first java compatible internet-secure biometric device. nyms are generated by xoring your key fingerprint with your index fingerprint. Simon Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-05-13 08:13:32
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Notes from the SF Physical Cypherpunks meeting 
any more details about what was said about  java code-signing?
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-05-15 14:29:55
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Negative side-effect of the coderpunks split 
Ever since most of the hard crypto content moved to coderpunks, there have been a lot of totally non-crypto political postings that make my skin crawl. In general, the only thing that cypherpunks have in common is a belief that privacy is a good thing, strong cryptography is a good way to improve privacy, and that cryptography with _manadatory_ key escrow is not strong. Stuff on the CDA yes. Stuff on the CBA no. Use of crypto for
on-line tax filing yes. Generic Tax Evadance stuff not really.
I kinda miss the Perrygrams :)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-05-16 13:28:53
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: distributed keys 
This is the usual approach; if you use certificates, the  private key for the certification agency doesn't have to be (and shouldn't) be accessible online; thus, even if the machine serving the certificates is compromised, Mallet won't be able to issue false certificates. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-05-16 11:35:03
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: PRZ /PGP 
A deadline is a wish your heart makes...
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-05-18 09:47:01
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Java & signed applets 
The verification software is simple enough to be quite highly trusted, and if the privilege model is stupid enough, it too can be quickly verified. The trickiest part of the process is  making sure that you don't sign any code you're not prepared to vouch for...

@_date: 1996-05-18 20:38:47
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: [NOISE] Hackers soundtrack 
Update on an old thread...
Apparently it was released last week in England, so it may be available in some import racks.

@_date: 1996-05-20 02:09:19
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Is Chaum's System Traceable or Untraceable? 
I don't know if Ian ever posted his scheme on cypherpunks? There are some obvious approaches that were discussed here about six months ago; they  involve collaboration between payer and payee (the payee has to supply the payee with the blinded serial numbers, which can then be reblinded by the payer for transmission). This scheme can't be used with the ecash API, and I believe is not looked on kindly when applying for ecash licences. It makes you a lot more vulnerable to  traffic analysis

@_date: 1996-05-20 18:35:20
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Apple Newton specs: RAM, infrared, speed 
I just got back to Chapel Hill, dug up my NTK docs, and you go and do this :-)
Newton script is not a particularly ideal language for crypto (or networking). It's byte code interpreted, and more annoyingly, has 30 bit integers. The C++ compiler has been promised for a while, but it looks like it may actually appear soon (the new newtons seem to be doing really well on word-of-mouth- at the moment I guess apple will do anything that will get the cash flowing :-(
Simon // newt & BEboy

@_date: 1996-05-23 14:53:45
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Number one story on CNN this hour. 
Does that mean I need a concealed carry permit for my Newton?

@_date: 1996-05-24 13:40:11
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
If I were planning such a briefing I'd probably concentrate on real cases that were cracked due to NSA SIGINT - especially terrorist groups operating with only limited state sponsorship

@_date: 1996-05-25 05:43:38
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: VIRUS ALERT: Java virus that affects Netscape 2.0 & 2.01. 
Actually, a more canonical Perry policy would probably be to only allow code signed by Perry (or the security audit team) to be executed [trust only yourself] vs [trust nobody, not even your self]

@_date: 1996-05-25 06:45:58
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]:  "If you only knew what we know..." 
Libyan embassies don't get bombed. They just have thugs shooting unarmed WPCs from them under protection of diplomatic immunity (I used to live in Pimlico, and went to college in South Kensington, and going past the Yvonne Fletcher memorial always got me upset
Anyway, they're not just state sponsored terrorists, they're the actual terrorist state, and can thus can easily get access to whatever crypto they want; in extrimis shipping OTPs by diplomatic pouch; it's the smaller, unofficial groups where the case is most easily made.
If I thought that restricting crypto were possible, I might be convinced by solid argument along this line, though as a Londoner and having spent some time working in Israel, I'm probably easier to convince than most people here (just about the only tube station I used to use regularly that wasn't hit by the IRA was Chigwell, and that isn't wholly a good thing :-). However, now that the four horses have gone, and all that's left in the
stable are the my little ponies, why slam the barn door and bop their
noses for no good reason?

@_date: 1996-05-27 14:50:00
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: COMMUNITY CONNEXION ANNOUNCES WORLDWIDE BETA-TEST OF THE ANONYMIZER (fwd) 
So sameer is a deep-cover plant... but for whom? I know it's not the CIA, because they're too stretched at the moment (ever wonder why all those voice mail systems keep putting  you on hold - it's because they don't have enough agents free to monitor all calls, and it woudn't be the NSA, because it'd be too tacky). I reckon it's the spirit of Vince Foster inhabiting his body. It all fits together too neatly

@_date: 1996-05-29 16:40:36
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: [crypto] crypto-protocols for trading card games 
Here's an interesting problem:
In the not too distant past there was a fad for collectible trading card games, the most famous of which was Magic, The Gathering (tm). These games combined the collecting and trading of baseball cards with traditional
aspects of card playing. Cards were issued by a central authority/publisher (Wizards of the Coast in the case of MtG). Each player uses his or her own deck; cards that are not played remain secret; however the same deck mut be used in each round of a match. tournament games are adjudicated by an umpire.
Design a set of crypto protocols to support the issuing, trading, and playing of such card games in real time (100ms compute time per move)

@_date: 1996-06-08 15:49:13
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: eTimeouts 
Are about to be imposed on Perry and Phil. You don't both have to play
with the same tentacle - there are plenty to go around. Now behave, or I
won't let you watch todays episode of (smith) Barney. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-06-12 17:32:58
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Micropayments are Crap 
I've had this argument lots of times, and I tend to flip-flop between several positions, but I think you're missing the big big win of micropayments(*). Micropayments allow an individual to charge for information which is of value to the reader, but the magnitude of which is too small to handle by conventional means; for example, a single article or comic strip in a newspaper is too cheap to perform a complete SET/{VISA,MC,NOVUS) transaction for. The journalist cannot sell the work direct- instead she must sell the work through a middleman who takes by far the biggest cut.  Micropayments allow each author to be her own wire-service. _This_ will be the triggering point for the new media. These services can be combined into edited newspapers without the editors needing to set up complex traditional arrangements (I'd pay for John Young's Daily News :)
Freedom of the Press belongs to those who own the vending machines
(*) For the purpose of this message, micropayments are defined to be low value transactions below the minimum values acceptable for conventional payment networks
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-06-12 18:39:48
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Britain to control crypto - official (fwd from Usenet) 
I'm going to be in London on the 27th- any other Cypherpunks ready to make a show of it?

@_date: 1996-06-13 07:51:11
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: [Tiny bit o noise] was Re: Terrorism Hysteria on the net 
Give me $1,000,000,000 and I'll buy every household in the United States a pizza. Whilst everyone is sitting down arguing about toppings, we'll take to the streets and seize power.
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-06-14 06:51:28
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Insults (was: PBS show) 
Geek Pride! Yes! Time to start Hacked-Up!
"We're Freaks! We're Geeks! We've got RSA, Get Used To It"
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-06-14 11:29:15
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: PBS show 
I've got one - though I haven't had much of a chance to play with it so far (Be is in the same building as EIT, and I kept running into jlg in the lift :-)
They are pretty cool machines - the back panel is the ultimate in geek cool (there about as many ports and sockets as a sparc center 1000). The software is pretty alpha (they make no bones about that), and I have some reservations about their decision to use C++ as the API to just about all of the OS (things get pretty fragile when upgrading), but it's still a really cool box, and even if BeOS never pans out completely, you can still run Linux on it.
If you're in Menlo Park, definitely get a DEMO, it's the coolest new machine on the block.   does anywhere sell reasonably priced replicas of classic crypto hardware?

@_date: 1996-06-14 19:07:59
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: PBS show 
Also had more than enough computing power to break knapsack. It's not what you've got, it's how you use it.
Interesting gedankenexperiment... how much difference would it have made to ULTRA and it's predecessors if bletchley park had rediscovered and been able to manfacture semi-reliably primitive transistors? Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-06-18 01:17:05
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: UK users about to get clippered 
This has been slightly discussed on cypherpunks already. The url for the DTI report has been posted, and somebody mentioned an IEE meeting where things are supposed to be unveiled on the 27th. I'm in the UK at the moment - I asked if there were any plans for a cypherpunks presence at the meeting, but didn't get any responses. It's currently a DTI white-paper, and is not inevitable with appropriate lobbying

@_date: 1996-06-18 09:51:37
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Operator Liability? 
I've heard and used mail exploder before. Usually it's with the
connotations of a piece of software or equipment, rather than a list of
names - they're not synonyms.

@_date: 1996-06-18 17:02:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Britain to control crypto - official (fwd from Usenet) 
Some more thoughts...
1) What activities will require TTP licencing? Will all certification
agencies be required to be licenced? What about if I sign a friends
key? Or if I hold a key signing party and offer to sign the key of
anyone showing a valid drivers licence or other picture ID?
2) Will all certification agencies be required to require disclosure
of private keying material before issuing a certificate?
3) Will laws be made requiring all commercial transactions using
public key certificates to be performed using certificates issued by
a TTP in order for such transactions to be valid?
4) Will LEAs be permitted to impersonate a non-consenting third party
for the purposes of allowing a conversation to be intercepted?
(blatant violation of the 4th ammendme... oh shit- never mind).
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-06-18 18:33:00
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: [Noise] Re: Java 
Smalltalk was in fact the first object oriented language to ever be
tweaked enough to be useful (smalltalk-80 is where JIT came from). Self is a completely different kettle of ball-games; it's older than java,
and based on a totally different conception of OOP. The only major language Ican think of that's from the same family is newton script. Self
does away with the concept of classes, and instead uses prototypes to
inherit from. The main design principle seems to have been: create a
language that's as slow as possible, then see how well you can optimise it

@_date: 1996-06-19 08:08:38
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Snake_Oil_punks was Re: SafE Mail Corporation 
It's obvious, silly. The public key exponent has the private key exponent
embedded in it,  information theory and modular arithmetic be damned :)

@_date: 1996-06-29 10:14:11
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: UK Crypto regs? 
Anybody got a trip report for the IEE meeting yesterday? I phoned the IEE press office, but no-one there seemed to have any briefings, and there didn't seem to be any coverage
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-02 10:54:28
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: The Net and Terrorism 
hmmm... I remember using IRC during scud attacks when I was working at the Technion. Useful sources of info, but kind of worrying when you suddenly lose all of Tel Aviv when a server picks an importune time to reboot :-)
   I want my, I want my, I want my Atropine
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-03 22:25:52
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: PGP secret keys 
Unless you buy an 'O' and you're escrowed :-)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-04 09:22:06
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: ecash thoughts 
1) Current ecash systems require live verification of coins, which will require banks to perform public key operations at around the 100K PKOP/s level, as well as all the headaches caused by the serial number lookup. Would anybody care to price up a system to handle this kind of traffic, assuming that coins can be given relatively short maximum lifetimes to keep the number of serial numbers in use within semi-reasonable limits. I'm wondering what the breakeven point is for only doing statistical sampling when verifying low value coins.
2) If ecash is used to create a new currency- i.e. the value of a unit of the ecash is not tied to any single existing currency, what should the value of one currency unit  be set at? (let's call it a Turing)
If the currency is run to be as anti inflationary as possible (e.g. backed by index-linked government securities), one Turing should buy the same amount of goods for a long long time, though relative prices may change. What value is likely to give the most convienient prices to the most goods? (e.g. +/- powers of two).
3) Not ecash, but still banking [noise]
I'm currently visiting at my parents house in England, which for the past 18 years has had a really nice phone number. Unfortunately, BT split london into two area codes, and have reallocated the exchange number in the other one to citibank. Unfortunately, not many of their customers can quite cope with the concept of area-codes. Even more unfortunately, neither can BT or citibanks telcom group- we've had calls transferred from their switchboard straight through to us. Now, here comes the test for cp ingenuity - can you think of the best way to answer the phone to someone who things they've called a bank?
Ones I've used so far, when I've been really pissed off are:
Oh, I'm sorry - haven't you heard? They've filed for chapter 11. I'm from the Federal Reserve- I'm working with the recievers - can I possibly help you? [response was a disappointing "Good Heavens! Really?" ]
and the simple, yet subtle Lovecraftian terror of:
CitiBank, Nick Leeson speaking. [pause, giggle, must have a wrong number, Any more suggestions?

@_date: 1996-07-07 23:37:17
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: [RANT] Giving Mind Control Drugs to Children 
Er... Tim... Ritalin is an amphetamine. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-07 23:46:11
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: NYT/CyberTimes on CWD article 
Actually, no matter what scheme you use, you are always vulnerable to a quite practical brute force attack- simply treat the filter as an oracle, and feed it the result of a 'web-crawl'. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-16 00:58:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Clueless "Attachment converted" uses 
On a very similar note - could people who are using clear-text PGP signatures with mime use text/... instead of application/...; that way people without pgp will see the message text without having to mess with their mailcaps (that's the way text/* is supposed to work)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-18 09:38:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: C'punks T-shirt idea? 
[Currently reading John Keane's biography of Tom Paine,]
Picture of Paine with superimposed text Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-19 19:56:38
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Filtering out Queers is OK 
Actually, the Economist has, er,  come out strongly in favour of gay rights on numerous occasions- most recently on the issue of same sex marriages.

@_date: 1996-07-21 23:16:40
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: New Cypherpunks, New Danger 
paranoid rants have their place; however, if they keep bursting into cypherpunks without knocking first, there could be an accident.
Lithium.... it's not just for watch batteries anymore.

@_date: 1996-07-22 06:35:25
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: A Snake-Oil FAQ 
[sorry Perry]
Really? The only way I know of forcing a one-time pad is to use a hardware
QM-based random number generator to generate every possible decrypt, thus
creating a number of universes equal to the number of possible keys. Since
you can't tell if you're universe is the right one, one should always
verify the information obtained against a second source. IANAL, so I can't
say if such a decrypt would count as probably cause. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-22 13:49:43
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: A Snake-Oil FAQ 
Not with one-time-pads... the key is as long as the plaintext. Our Hamlet writing monkeys will produce, amongst others, numerous versions of the play where the prince's name is telmaH. As well as vastly more where the monkeys get all the way to the last sentence and then One-Time-Pads offer perfect security as long as they're only used once. If
they're used more than once, they're not one-time-pads. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-22 17:19:36
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: A Snake-Oil FAQ 
And here I reach agreement with both you and Perry. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-23 13:51:23
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Responding to Pre-dawn Unannounced Ninja Raids 
It would be hard to prove the case that this was the only thing preventing earlier manumission, but then the whole issue is one of the hardest things to understand about Jefferson; many of his closest friends were leaders in the abolitionist movement of the time, and it's almost impossible to believe that he didn't know slavery to be morally indefensible relatively early on in his political development. Guess it was just part of his programming he couldn't throw off.
Still leaves him just ahead of FDR as best american president, but does
drop him a way behind Paine for best  political theorist of the revolution
 ---
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-24 20:01:08
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Distributed DES crack 
I've always wondered whether chinese lotterys could be made more reliable by having each player check random keys rather than searching within a block. That way it becomes a lot harder to spoof by volunteering for a block and reporting incorrect results.  ---
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-24 08:28:23
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Borders *are* transparent 
Not really - you just give the prize to the first person to return the correct key (just like a real lottery).
BTW, if you use a central site to allocate ranges to search, this site should not know the correct key, as otherwise it could decide who gets the chocolate bar with the golden ticket.
If this project is run, I can't see it getting a hit for at least six months unless its _really_ well promoted. The java approach would be a cool hook - a slowish applet for your web page with something along the lines of
 "You may already have won 20c; whilst you're reading this page, your
computer is playing the cypherpunks challenge. For a better chance of
winning, download this free high performance screen saver and game piece."
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-07-26 06:43:26
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Twenty Bank Robbers -- Game theory:) 
But the people at the start of the line know that if they don't hang together, they will end up dead, and if that they act purely selfishly only the last two will benefit. Because they want to stay alive, a better solution for the first person to propose equal shares, which would be opposed by the last two players, but supported by the rest.
He could also split the money only amongst the first half of the gang, since he only needs half the votes.
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-03 03:48:54
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Bombs & bomb threats in LA 
Wasn't that Radioactive Goldfish?
IP is the Flame, TCP is the Fuse, HTTP is the Bomb
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-06 08:03:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Internal Passports 
I've been using by british passport as photo-id for years, and I haven't had any major problems- you can get your checks printed with your passport number on them instead of a drivers licence, which will makes things much easier.
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-06 13:56:36
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Credit Cards over the internet 
[set discussion is available on set-discuss . Majordomo stuff]
This would seem to be a new policy; previously I'd heard that mastercard and visa were going to be encouraging the use of SET quite strongly, but since SET isn't going to be available until at least Q1 97, it would be silly to stop all activity now.
SET is massively over-engineered and is one of most obnoxious crypto protocols you'll find, but it does have some cute features (merchant never learns card number, etc).
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-06 15:48:18
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: SSNs (was Re: Internal Passports) 
one silly thought: lots of people use cypherpunks as the username and password for all those websites that want an id. What about a cypherpunks 3-2-4 number for those cases where an SSN isn't appropriate. Anyone know what J. Edgar Hoover's SSN was?
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-11 14:21:05
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: An SSL implementation weakness? 
This was the second SSL problem documented; it was fixed in netscape 2.0. The fix is to include the hostnames used for the server in the certificate as multi-values for the CommonName (CN). The fix is relatively simple; The client must then check the certificate
to make sure the hostname matches, and the CA must not check ownership of
domain names before issuing certs. (the first, and silliest was the original SSL's habit of using RC4 on (essentially) known plain-text with no checksum. Doh!)  ---
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-11 14:37:10
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: photographed license plates 
In the UK they now use cameras to deter speeding; the cameras are triggered by vehicles passing by which exceed the speed-limit, so in theory it's only naughty people who get photographed. Interestingly enough, there are far more places with camera warning signs than there are actual cameras; the actual cameras are moved around at random. Even though most of the time there isn't a camera there, almost everbody seemed to slow down in the marked areas; probably because there's almost 100% chance of being caught if there is a camera there. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-11 14:39:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Fw: SafE Mail Corporation 
Come on, it'd be worth it even without the $400...
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | IN WASHINGTON DC TILL SEPTEMBER
You're my firewall -    	      |

@_date: 1996-08-12 11:57:25
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: FCC _ ups 
Man I was excited till I read that line more carefully :-)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-16 04:32:21
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: photographed license plates 
There is a new system about to be deployed in the UK that combines GPS with cell-phone technology; if the vehicle is stolen it can call the anti-theft service and report the location; I belive the vehicle can also be remotely immobilised.For the truely paranoid out there, the system is known as "SkyNet" :)
  If we're talking about "The Prisoner" and cars, does anybody know anywhere I could get a lotus or caterham 7 in the states?
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-16 06:51:42
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: forget photographing license plates! 
Another UK vehicle security reply (disclaimer: my dad's company installs alarms, imobilisers, lojack/skynet, etc.)
The first generation of remote-keyed car-alarms used a static key. It didn't take long before people had modified scanners to record the key and play it back as soon as the driver had left. The current generation uses what is described as "rolling code random encryption". From what I could work out from talking to people, this scheme works something like a one time password scheme, but with no feedback from server (car) to client (keyfob). It seems that the keyfob has persistent state in the form of a  counter, which is incremented every time the key is pressed. This counter is combined with the encryption key and the resulting cyphertext is then transmitted.
 The car keeps a record of the last successful sequence number, and will not allow earlier sequences to be replayed. The car will accept sequence numbers within a certain range of the last successful one, in case a particular try is not recieved, or the key is jostled in ones pocket.
I don't know how strong the algorithms are, or how long the keys are; there are supposed to be minimum requirements on key length, but I don't know if the approval body evaluates the crypto.
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-18 07:00:34
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Ad Hoc Bay Area Cypherpunks Thing--Sat., 24 Aug, 3 pm, Menlo Park 
Do you mean Kepler's? That's the one right near Menlo Park caltrain station; the coffee shop next to it is  Cafe Borone. Get the Mocha.
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-19 00:53:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: MD5 completely broken! 
Is this bridge SNMP aware?
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-19 23:47:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Discordians a-gogo (aggoo) 
BTW, have you ever looked really closely at a Terisa systems business card. Really closely? HAve you seen the Fnord?
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-21 03:24:55
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: search engine improvement 
The idea of sharing ratings on the web is literally as old as the web; it was part of the original idea (remember the original client was also an editor).  ---
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-21 07:09:59
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Securing Internet mail at the MTA level 
you really need both object and transport level security; the transport level stuff helps protect against traffic analysis; the real authentication and privacy coming from the object level stuff.
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-22 11:38:16
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Any CPs in D.C.? 
Hey, I'm In DC this month - but already know what you look like ;)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-22 14:43:00
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Today's Dilbert 
I can't believe nobody mentioned wednesday's dilbert cartoon..
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-23 13:02:47
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: USPS 
The USPS does have a role in the world of e-commerce, but I think it's likely to be much less than they think. Bilateral agreements are often more efficient for long-term work, but for general one-off transactions, it's cheaper to have a _small_ number of commonly trusted third parties.
For this reason, I think it would make a lot of sense to have DMVs serve as certification agencies (a role they fill today).
You don't necessarily have to trust them any more than you trust a drivers licence for applications where 100% certaintiy is what you need, but for your typical commercial situation it'll do fine. p.s.  has anyone done any studies on the cost of making different kind of trust decisions (both of the 'trust a CA' and various orders of the web of trust model? (i.e. trust as introducer^n) Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-27 13:23:18
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk voting - ITAR or CDA 
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-08-28 12:55:39
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: "The Observer" calls the internet a child pornography ring 
The   letters page is editor . The thing  that really got me riled was the use of a quote from Tom Paine on the front page as the header to their leader. Tom Paine published most
of his important work anonymously, and thugs wouldoften try to beat up the publishers to find out who the author was. (Paine's friends sometimes did this too). Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-02 12:45:14
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: FLT 800: From the Rumor Mill...But It Makes Sense.. (fwd) 
I think it was actually a combination of a design flaw in the user interface for the control system combined with a human error that led to the radar officer confusing the airbus with an (F4?) a hundred miles away that he'd previously clicked on. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-04 15:43:16
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: rc2 export limits.. 
It's the usual - if you want commercial jurisdiction, Above that, you'll have to go through state on a per customer basis (which I don't think is that easy to get if software is being shipped outside the US, and is definitely going to be expensive.)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-10 11:05:02
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Imminent Death of the Internet, GIF at 11 
Remember, though - TCPs initial estimate of the congestion window is never less than one packet, large numbers of opening connections can still (I think) lead to congestion collapse. It can defnitely get close to it.
At one point, when sunsite was getting a few 100k hits a day with only one T1 there were times when around 2/3rds of all packets were re-transmitted. Jon Crowcroft observed similar problems at some UK links, though see Van's article on either ietf or end2end a month or so  back
with the counter argument.
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-10 10:46:09
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Num Mum, Hmm 
It's kind of tempting to generate the key and certificate using this as q
and the previous largest as p, if only for machismo at keysignings :-)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-13 06:24:31
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Panix attack 
This particular attack has been known for some time; kind of suprising it hasn't been used before. It is defensible, but it can take a lot of memory to give full protection.
The best way IPV4 way I know of to stop the listen queue being filled is to
use a special structure to hold half-open incoming connections, and not
allocate the full TCB until the ack of the syn-ack comes in; that way, the
listen queue can be made large enough to keep enouygh connections to cover
the number of SYNS recievable before the half-open connection times out This ensures that there's at least a traceable return address for the connection. Sort of like photuris cookies but without the forced RTT delay
(The timeout was added to most stacks in 94 after backbone fuckups caused
queues to wedge on most of the big web servers with all sorts of asymetric
routing problems. It's not strictly legal TCP)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-14 11:33:04
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
I'm not sure how you get to 60%; I assume you're talking average tax rate, not marginal; whenever I've tried to figure out my average rate, even in California, it never went above ~31%. This included a pack of fags a day, which is the most heavily indirect taxed item in your list.
If you're smoking enough to get up to 60%, you've got worse problems than taxes :)
  p.s.    Is anyone on cpunks working at Harry Browne's hq in DC?  Some friends in
Carolina asked me to pick up some bumper stickers and stuff before I leave the District.
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-17 05:43:35
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: SPL -- Suspicious Persons List 
The Econmic league is not run by the UK Conservative party directly, in the same way that the Willie Horton ads were not run by the Bush campaign..
They escape the Data Protection Act by virtue of keeping all this information in filing cabinets (at least, they claim to.)
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-18 08:33:18
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: RE: Workers Paradise. /Political rant. 
I wouldn't be so proud of the US health care system; the actual quality of care is really pretty awful, even with insurance. Even though the NAtional Health Service in the uK is woefully underfunded, I've always had much better treatment than I have from HMOs here; even seeing a specialist privately, at home, with no insurance, is cheaper than getting an X-Ray looked at by someone who once met a radiologist a cocktail party. The UK split the provision of services from the purchasing, so that
hospitals have to compete for business, and a HMO like funding model for
primary care physicians - fixed capitation rates, so the more a doctor
spends, the less money he/she makes). It may be that the most efficient
solution for health-care is a hybrid scheme along these lines. There are ideological reasons that argue  for rejecting  such compulsory schemes  based on that element of coercion; it's hard to make the case against purely on efficiency grounds.
Simon  Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-25 07:21:36
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: SAY WHAT? [Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write!] 
Assasination politics is  impossible to defend from a classical Liberal/Libertarian position. Bell advocates arbitrary applications of violence and coercion without restriction. There is no way to justify the initiation of force without abandoning any pretence of being a Libertarian (which, to be fair, Bell doesn't claim to be).

@_date: 1996-09-26 09:43:36
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: SAY WHAT? [Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write!] 
Not really- however, no matter what it is, it isn't a Libertarian scheme, as libertarian philosophy holds that those powers are the defining characteristic of goverment; AP doesn't abolish governments, it creates lots of little governments which don't even have to pretend to be

@_date: 1996-09-26 10:14:31
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Possible snake oil? 
1024 bit  keylengths are commonly used with RSA, and are generally considered to be secure. Remember, key lengths can't easily be compared between algorithms from radically different familys Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-09-27 15:03:26
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Hallam-Baker demands more repudiations or he'll write! 
If I might dare a crypto-related comment as well; it also requires an
absolutely trusted third-party to manage the funds and issue the ecash used to pay the murderer, (sorry, fortunate gambler).  The reason why the third party must be trusted by both the payers and the gambler, and thus cannot be anonymous (only at 'best' pseduonymous) should be obvious.

@_date: 1996-09-30 23:34:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: An ITAR moment 
I'm currently sitting in a computer lab at the ICM in Warsaw, at a workshop on caching in the web. I wanted to log back home to check my email, so I asked if they had telnet or something. "Actually, we're disabling rlogin and telnet on our machines - can you use ssh?".
Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-10-04 10:39:07
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: The New GAK-Clipper Thing will Fail 
Somebody mentioned that one of the features in the new go-around is that only session keys need to be made available, and warrants will be needed for each message to be decrypted.
Doesn't this essentially rule out the use DSS/Diffie Helman based
key-exchanges, or at least diffie-helman with ephemeral paramaters? Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-10-04 19:57:49
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Did Sun get a sweetheart deal? 
I'd love to know what John Gage says about this, since in the past I believe he's used been "Over My Dead Body" on GAK. Cause maybe  (maybe)		      | In my mind I'm going to Carolina
you're gonna be the one that saves me | - back in Chapel Hill May 16th.
And after all			      | Email address remains unchanged
You're my firewall -    	      | ........First in Usenet.........

@_date: 1996-10-05 21:11:24
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Signs of Trouble in D.C. 
[lojack variant with immobiliser]
Movie fans will be glad to know that the UK variant of this scheme is known as Skynet (there's also an RAF comsat system)
If I can get my key back,   it's Key Recovery
If you can get my key back, it's Key Escrow

@_date: 1996-10-08 11:10:27
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Can somebody unsubscribe cyberpromo from CP? 
[Looks through pockets] - 7 Zlotys, 1.5 DM, and 1.20 GBP says October 21st, in the library, bludgeoning to death with 20lbs of junk mail
If I can get my key back,   it's Key Recovery
If you can get my key back, it's Key Escrow

@_date: 1996-10-09 08:59:19
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: PGP implements Key Recovery today! 
I was actually working on a message saying something similar, under the working title of "Trusted First Parties". The idea is to generate a separate key pair to be used for recovery
purposes, and then place the private key in a trusted, off-line location
(much easier to arrange than if the key is to be kept on-line). The key should probably be encrypted using a symmetric algorithm keyed of
a pass phrase, but since the pass phrase will only ever be used once, it's
the kind of thing that might end up being forgotten, especially in those
'what's that tree doing in the middle of my machine room?' key recovery Because the  TFP key is protected other keys, the key length should be such as to give a work factor equal or greater than that needed to force the keys that will be protected by it. TFP can be used to weaken forward secrecy by encrypting the ephemeral
session key under the TFP key and sending it with the message stream. You don't have real forward secrecy, because  if the TFP key is cracked,all prior session keys will be exposed; however this setup is still somewhat better than straight RSA key exchanges using your regular key, as the private TFP key is less exposed.
Simon     Huge taxi cabs now! Huge spelling cuts now! Balance the budgie now!

@_date: 1996-10-10 08:07:53
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: "European Union Bank" 
You're asking an Estonian if someone's going to show up for something? :-) :-)
If I can get my key back,   it's Key Recovery
If you can get my key back, it's Key Escrow

@_date: 1996-11-04 12:28:56
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: British Telecom merger with MCI 
It's reasonably  trivial to get export licences from both countries for foreign subsidiaries. Also, British Telecom and GCHQ have a friendly working relationship, and any merger is unlikely to change
these facts.

@_date: 1996-11-05 06:04:35
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: British Telecom merger with MCI 
That's unusual- certainly for the bigger companies

@_date: 1996-11-05 06:06:56
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: British Telecom merger with MCI 
[whoops] That's unusual - certainly, for the bigger companies it seems to be pretty
automatic, especially for NATO countries. Of course, it could just be that Phil is "known to the authorities".

@_date: 1996-11-06 15:43:48
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: HAPPY GUY FAWKES DAY! 
Not just the English- it was James 1 that nearly exploded. Also the plot was performed for sectarian reasons, rather than any sort of liberal ideals (The conspirators were all Catholic).Originally
Bonfire Night was celebrated as a way of spreading and reinforcing
anti-catholicism. Those Whacky Christians!
Simon // It's not the rapture - we've sold you as meat to the Saucer People

@_date: 1996-11-07 08:36:51
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: HAPPY GUY FAWKES DAY! 
Well, Mary Queen Of Scots's secret communications relied on concealing messages in bottles whilst under arrest. This channel was discovered, and all here messges were intercepted and read before being passed on. Security thru Obscurity just doesn't work...

@_date: 1996-11-17 10:39:16
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Members of Parliament Problem 
Why not use  blinding for obtaining the certificate? Create a number up public/private key pairs, blind them, then do the
cut-and-choose thing with the security officer. He signs the blinded key,
then returns it. Unblind the remaining pubic key, and you've got a public
key with the appropriate signature on it.  ---
If I can get my key back,   it's Key Recovery
If you can get my key back, it's Key Escrow

@_date: 1996-11-17 19:24:12
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: Members of Parliament Problem 
How about using ephemerialish keys (keys issued in big batches, etc)? All you need is a quick way to generate a few hundred or thousand RSA keys...

@_date: 1997-02-21 11:10:44
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: DES and RSA crypto hardware from the free world 
Were those prices 1-off? Any idea what the price would be for volume?
             Now available - The Freddy Hayek Kayak
           Paddle Your Own Canoe! Be Rowed To Surfdom!
         From The Taco Institute for Dyslexic Libertarians

@_date: 1997-12-21 12:15:47
@_author: Simon Spero 
@_subject: Re: How about a Bay Area Cypherpunks meeting 1/17/98? 
The 17th also happens to be just after a W3C meeting in Palo Alto. I was
planning to spend the day hanging at the mall with Chelsea, but this could
be fun too...
Now available - The Freddy Hayek Kayak            | "Pass me another elf
Paddle Your Own Canoe! Be Rowed To Surfdom!       | Sergeant- this one's
  Moments ago I had everything. Now, there's a cow in my nose - La Salla
