
@_date: 1993-02-12 23:42:46
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: Re: Tagging copyrighted text 
dictionaries and quote books, thesauri and other references, at reates varying
from free to hundreds of dollars an hour....
of encryption: if services are offered, over comm links, available easily
from the home, with a minimum of fuss, to perform popular, resource
intensive searches/services (quote books, dictionaries, come to mind,
many of the things Gopher does), then the only software a user needs is
(1) an OS
(2) X server (or other screen manager/UI manager)
(3) comm program (integrated into screen manager w/drag-and-drop probably
(4) encryption package...
 It just jumped into my head how tied up with encryption ALL telecom issues
are, even ones we've been doing for years now. Just look at how CI$ has had
to change as more users jumped on, or the difference between CI$ and AOL or
 I'm new to this list, and probably repeating something axiomatic, but it
seemed that with "extreme high speed networks" comes an assumption of extreme
load (seems reasonable to me), and that means (1) commercial exploitation
(possibly a good thing!), (2) need for security, and (3) the usual lag of
technological penetration from the trailblazers to the huddled befuddled,
with the trading of glitz for substance, name for talent, and pretty for
powerful. online) will be legal and entreprneureal(sp?), this might still hold! way? What other services are in this category?
cash? I'm new here, like I said. I'm a math major on leave of absence,
currently unemployed (interview monday... crossing fingers), lately
working as a programmer or in support. I've been interested in public
key cryptography since the '79(?) Scientific American article (I was 13 when I read it, in '83... may have been one of the things that pushed me
towards math) and am glad to finally get to play. (20 digit keys in
BASIC/6502 on a VIC-20 were fun, but that's all!)
 Seth Morris (seth.morris

@_date: 1993-02-28 12:04:18
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: Re: dispatches from the front lines of anonymity 
anonymously and/or privately to a whistleblower? I couldn't write back
privately to compare evidence if I didn't want to go public with my
information yet (assuming that I had a similar interest, of course).
 	Of course, if they have included a public key I could post an
encrypted message to them, but is the idea to create a newsgroup where
much of the traffic could conceivably be encrypted E-mail?
Eye_), if a regular informational posting in a.w discussed these issues,
a whistleblower would be warned to post a publik key, a nom de guerre, and
(maybe) a regular anon ID, if they wished, or to join an anon pool.
 	To repeat: I do like the an00000 idea. But I think people may want E-mail response.
 Seth add a oublic-key block to a message before signing automatically!)

@_date: 1993-03-15 18:27:18
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: HIDE (Fnord): Targa-24/YUV/D-xxx and headers 
W.r.t. the steganography issue and image files (although I think sound
files are probably more useful), Targa-24 images are RGB bytes (triples for
each pixel, bottom-left to top-right), and seem appropriate for hiding a msg. They are also widely supported for conversion and function as a nice
"device independant" image format (The Stone Soup Group's PicLab does a
good job on them, IMHO).
 Does anyone know anything about YUV format? Also, DYUV or some other delta
compressed format seems good. If a pixel changes by one more or one less
than it "should" the image simply looks like a mediocre scan.
 Hmmm..... FLI is a delta format... is it appropriate?
 So... can someone whip up a utility to strip the PGP header and then
perfoem some simple filtering (^= with some magic numbers, perhaps, or
with some function of the preceeding bytes? Can this eventually help
recover a better image, if that could ever be important? I don't think so)
and tack on a valid Targa or other header (or correct any headers on images we've slid into).
 I just started a new job and am swamped, or I'd have written first and
posted later ;-) .

@_date: 1993-08-15 15:57:00
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: Back on track(s)... 
Hi... I haven't posted much here, but I've been lurking for quite
some time.
 On the issue of "lost focus" and a return to projects, I'd like to
ask about some of the projects that were/are underway from a while
ago. Some months back, there was a push to get kits together for
different non-technical persons needing access to privacy, anonymity,
digital signatures, crypto, etc... such as journalists, political
activists, religious groups, terro^H^H^H^H^Hetc. This is an idea I am
very interested in, and I'm wondering if it's still ongoing. It seems
to gel well with the proposed cd-rom collection (I think some shareware/PD
distributors might be talked into a multi-disk privacy distribution set,
perhaps with some basic utils like antiviruses/text-editors/defraggers
as a "must have" basic start-up kit). Could one of the major FTP sites
be persuaded to maintain a privacy/anonymity section that didn't put them
in a legally tenuous position? No PGP, perhaps but articles (with sample
code?), steganographic utils, etc. Maybe some front ends for popular
remailers/encryption utils.
 What about digital cash? I thought some ongoing experiments testing ease-
of-use/speed etc. started up (or were announced) about six months
ago? (I lost net access for about three months a while back, so I may
have missed preliminary results.) I think that this is a fertile area
for trial balloons based on games. Set up a server with several games being
managed (possibly as either lists or CC-groups or with human moderators)
and use secure digital cash protocals(sp?) both within a game and between
games... sounds like the FBI (Flying Buffalo, Inc) Illuminati PBM and other
PBM's with requirements to progress from one game to another would serve as a
useful model.... Gnomic or Elusius(sp? the research-based cardgame from
one of the Penrose books, I believe) would serve as an excellent test for
popular secure anonymous voting by non-programmers. All in all, gamers are
excellent sources of guinea pigs, and usually quite willing (hmmm... how
about handing out disk packs at SF/Gamer cons?... MANY gamers are computer
users and they can be counted on the use the programs in their PBEM games,
spreading them on to other BBSing Gamers while they're at it... maybe I can
test this here in Tucson).
 I think that just getting dialog generated will spark most of us to get work done. I feel, personally, that the cypherpunks remailers need some
spec-work done and the specs published more openly, and similar work done
with steganographic tools, etc. We need more active, reputation-building
anonymous Usenetters, people who want to create such identities need to
feel that THEY can control the tools they will be using.
 Are the pools still active?
 Can a set of games be developed that model crypto/anonymity/steg?
rec.games.abstract is a wonderful source of ideas and shows what can be
done with an abstract idea (play both gnomic and elesius sometime!).
 What we need is a list of projects that people are interested in/working
on, with some communication about how they're going. We have no dearth of
ideas, or people, or interest. It's the assumption that either, someone else
is already doing it (a bad attitude among the hacker-types that abound here,
reminds me of a SF story where a bunch of ship captians are put in a simulator to see who gets a big promotion. The simulator is wretched, has
too many little (useless) lights, the AC blows in your eyes, the sound is
WAY too loud, etc. Everyone fails, all making the same complaints and
telling them how to redesign the simulator. The promotion goes to the guy
who tapes up the redundant lights, puts cardboard over the AC and turns the
speakers to face outward... the wanted a commander who would actually FIX
things, not make orders)
 Cypherpunks aren't bery organised, nor should we be, but having some lists
of what some of us want to do, who's doing what, and what some of us are
thinking/worried about might be very helpful. Hmmm. maybe someone should see
if a regular digest of what's ACTUALLY being said/done on the list, for
reference, would go over well...    This week we discussed:
  on an encryption virus in the PD... there's some talk of a commented
  dis-assembly being made.
  off-the-cuff)
  legislative agenda. Get your viewpoint in before the 18th.
  pardonany misinformation, take NONE of this as gospel... check the
  archives).
 Hmmm... some comments on this idea. a) We've done a lot more this week
than I'd noticed. b) it may be more bandwidth than many want (but a CC list
is easy to maintain for those that want it, or it could be dropped in to
archives and left to rot until someone cares enough to retieve it). c) it's
pretty easy to make. d) it will be, to some extent, subjective. e) I make
too many lists... probably a sign of something about my poddy training, I
suppose. f) I'm rambling.
 When the kits idea was first kicked around, I expressed support (I think...
the message may have been lost by my mailer before it reached the list... that
happens here at launchpad), but offered no other help or support, a I was just
starting a new job. Well, now I'm about to be fired, so I have a bit of free
time (oh well, never set out to write Nintendo games, anyway.... sigh).
 I suspect that we're not actually being stagnant at all. Maybe not even taking
a breather.
 Seth Morris (Seth.Morris
 PS. T-shirt ideas: "We watch the Watchmen" and "Wiretapping is Privacy;
Censorship is Freedom; Publicity is Anonymity: 1994 -- the eight was a
 "We do not believe any group of men adequate enough or wise enough to
operate without scrutiny or without criticism. We know that the only way to avoid error is to detect it, that the only way to detect it is to be free to
inquire. We know that in secrecy error undetected will flourish and subvert."

@_date: 1994-02-04 21:55:20
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: Hughes' "real-life use for steganography" 
[Eric Hughes described a situation where data smuggling is required,
and asks for discussion on practicle and practicable mechanisms (with
appropriate and far too rare here emphasis on practicable). This is
the sort of real-worldish issue I've been on this list for, so,
despite my opinion that this doesn't sound like a real case, I'd like
to add my thoughts.]
 What is needed here is not encryption, by steg, of course. Why worry
about key distribution at all? If the data is being sent in bulk, it
will find itself into the hands of the local Big Bro, and the transport
medium will be exposed and (presumable) confiscated. This will get the M industry into trouble, and lose the transport medium.  This seems more like a case for point-to-point transport to several
distribution sites withis the country, where more anonymous transport
must be arranged. At the very least, no industry should be placed at risk
without the means to protect itself.
 Maybe DAT tapes of "bootleg" recordings of music M? Like Grateful Dead
tapes, only edited to contain the data. This way, only certain tapes have
data, and the tapes can find their way into the hands of those who can decode and distribute.
 Is there, within the country, a suitable transport medium that is transient
and frequent? Someone suggested weather maps (sorry I forgot someone's name)
 but these don't seem perfect. What about scanned in art GIFs on a ntionally
available network? Hmmm....... Compuserve?
 The problem I have with using steg as the mass-transport (other than loss
of transport medium once it is discovered and loss of a cultural industry)
is that it only reaches those with CD-ROMs. This is generally a small
percentage of people. Some in-country transport to the technologically uneducated is necessary. This may be out of the scope of this discussion.
 For the initial transport, why be cross-platform? If MS-DOS machines
with CD-ROM or DAT readers are acailable (or PIC's can be brought in...
hmmm... anyone know how to encode a Photo-CD? "Tourist shots...
Grand Canyon, Yosemite Nat'l Prak..."), there is some program on
comp.binaries.ibm.pc that can encode some .com files as readable text
(Not uuencode, the text IS the .com file). A simple de-stegger could be
sent in this way written on a sheet of paper. Something similar could
be worked out for other platforms (maybe not this simle, though).
 They key problem I see is regular, bulk transport of data to be distributed
to a mass of people at random containing cantraband information is unlikely to sustain an information revolution. Distribution of the data
to a few people who can make use of it while remaining anonymous seems
more effective. Better still would be to find some way that anyone could
receive ALL the information easily and untraceably, which is what I think
the CD scheme was aimed at.  Unfortunately, it is risky and only gets data
to the privedledged few.
 Sorry if this rambled, I'm doing this off the top of my head and with
a fever.
 Seth Morris (Seth.Morris

@_date: 1994-02-22 00:07:36
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: PGP Tools question, and soda archives. 
Hey all.
 I've been trying to get the PGP Tools library to work on my system
(MSDOS, Turbo C 2.0, 286), and have been having a hell of a time.
Aside from the problems getting the makefile to function here (the
DOS 127 character command line limit killed the ptd.exe cc line), the
demo locks up in fifo_destroy. Looks like there's a missing NULL
 Now, I saw a bug fix on the list a few days (weeks?) ago, and I'm
not certain if the file I have has that included (pgptl10c.zip),
so I tried to check the cypherpunks archives at soda.berkeley.edu to
find the reference. I don't have shell acces here (have to use a menu,
can't use elm's filter, no ftp, no telnet, etc), and gopher failed to
connect to soda to let me look. When I borrowed a friend's shell
account for a few moments to try the ftp, soda shut down when I
told it I was anonymous.
 So, is soda still the archive (have I missed a major announcement?)?
 Is there a later version of pgptools?
 Has someone else fixed the MS-DOS support? (I finally just yanked the
multiple platform support from my copy, figuring that if my code
compiles here with MS-DOS support forced but I haven't changed the library
code itself then my code SHOULD compile on a machine where the multiple
platform support is functional)?
 Is there a fix to fifo I need to make or track down?
 Has soda locked out anonymous ftp permanently? (I also use the White Wolf
archives there.)
 Is there an approved of pool or newsgroup to send messages to Pr0duct
Cypher? I hate to add to the cypherpunks traffic with comments directly
to him/her. (We NEED to get the return addresses working, or Pr0duct
should try the new anonymous address server (from Ghio? I should know,
I saw the name 50 times today!)!)
 Seth Morris (Seth.Morris

@_date: 1994-02-22 21:14:40
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: RATINGS: an alternative request-based system? 
I have been thinking about the proposed ratings system, and thought
long and hard about what *I* would want in ratings I receive, and
how much I would like to rate articles with ease.
 The model I arrived at was substantively different, and may reduce
overall bandwidth while allowing greater control of my own personal
mbox.  What I would see is a list which only sent the traffic to a subscriber
on _request_ instead of at once (perhaps more digest-oriented). I would
send a message to cypherpunks-rated (which could be an
independant ratings group subscribed to receive and hold the "normal"
'punks list, and perhaps other related lists) with a command to get the mail I had not yet received. I would prefer that the list handle a database of when I last requested mail, and perhaps had a command to
just tell me how MUCH mail was waiting (in both messages and Kb).
 Then, the messges would arrive, along with any ratings. Perhaps some
services could maintain a ratings profile for me, of the signators I trusted
to rate and the topics/ratings I prefer (one especial benefit for me
would be to raise my filtering level at the transmission end on those days
when the volume had increased, as launchpad has _serious_ disk problems,
and I'm telnetted in at 2400 bps anyway).
 The messages would arrive and I could reply to cypherpunks-rated with
MY ratings/comments (whichI would like to see batched and transmitted to the
author, so comments on saliency/style/flamage would be sent only to her/him and
not clutter up anyone's mailbox) to the server to be added to the list.
 This way, new messages are always sent (although it would be easy to
change that, preferably in my profile) to be rated, and old messges have longer accumulated ratings.
 Actually, this runs more like a mail-based archive than a list, but the
end result is similar. Perhaps a couple of days hacking at some archive
manager (like the ones at most listserv's... does majordomo have archiving?)
could set up a running prototype.
 It seems that this meets most of the requirements: multiple ratings,
multiple ratings services, easily alterable filtering profiles, easily
extended to handle keywords (many archivers already o this, of course).
 Specifics are debatable: the source filtering seems controversial (although
I don't know why, unless people are worried about having the list manager
know their preferences, in which case they can get everything and
its ratings and handle them locally), so maybe the server shouldn't
keep persistent profiles, but should receive a request with a profile
for that specific request.
 Perhaps I send a "request on" message, and receive a message containing
information on the queue: how many new messages (in however much time,
so I know), how many Kb, how many rated messages on which common topics
(in any given two-day period, the number of topics stays pretty low), etc,
and I reply with numbers ie:
send all Remailers
send above 2.0
send above 7.0
send below 1.0  chuckle factor
Hmmm... a bit too wordy, but you get the idea. (Get the lucifer? Get the
skipjack? (Remember: Ounce for ounce...) )
 This would also make receiving multiple lists easier for those of us with
no filters (Where does one get pc-elm???????), as we could receive one list,
process it, and then get another list, allowing us to not get them
mixed up.
 Seth Morris (seth.morris

@_date: 1994-02-22 21:36:50
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: Education needed, but what specifics? 
I think we all agree that the public needs education on crypto and
crypto politics. What specific issues need to be addressed?
 For some time now, I have been kicking around ideas for games related to
crypto, and I have decided that it may be an excellent education/propoganda
tool. What I'm thinking of is a BBS door that incorporates encryption
ideas (probably without using any actual excryption, to make sysops
more comfortable with it -- I'm co-sysop of a local BBS and my
"real" sysop refuses to allow crypto software on it, for the same reason
he's reluctant to house an adult area, no matter how much he personally
would like both (although, admittedly, he's primarily interested in the
adult area)).
 Originally I had thought of a game where encryption was used to transmit
messages to units (a space-war-game, perhaps?), and capturing and decrypting your opponents messages was paramount. Ultimately, as your
"cryptotech level" increased, you'd get stronger cyphers and develope
public-key tech, etc., but this seemed pretty limited in its educational
potential and pretty derivative of existing games.
 My current idea is something more based on the net. Players take the role
of corporations pet punks, or freelancers, and use encryption to
cover their butts while following traffic analysis trails of opponents (digital) money, setting up services for profit (and perhaps to
follow the traffic opponents pass through them... leading to more
encryption, etc), leading to ratings services and digital reputations,
leading to denial-of-service attacks, etc.
 This could get exciting to play, and would lead to a cypherpunks-agreeable
position in the game, perhaps facilitating "market penetration" of
EFF, CPSR, and other cypherpunks-friendly literature.
 Perhaps the game should make frequent mention of PGP, RSA, Chaum and
other sources in the literature (a door with a bibliography!)?
 What do y'all think of the idea? I think gaming is a wonderful way to
spread ideas, and have been looking for a way to use it for some time.
What elements of cypherpunks' philosophy and methods should/could be
incorporated? I think emphasising the cyBerpunk-like aspects of the
game (spoofing to get information, copyiong mail logs to follow
message traffic, etc) would make the game more popular, and while it
might hurt the game's reputation as a propoganda tool (wow-- a game
that's a manual on attacking services on the net... how is that good
for people?), it should increase the player's awareness of the
_need_ for signatures, reputations, untraceablility, etc.
 Besides, who wouldn't want to infiltrate Denning Associates Corporation
and Stern & Light Pharmaceuticals to funnel money and information
to Mayday Publishing or somesuch?
 Seth Morris (seth.morris
PS- I'm still having problems with PGP Tools 1.0c. The ptd.exe locks
in fifo_destroy when trying to find a private key on the ring. Any
suggestions? My first applet to test the library (an MD5 hasher for
files on the command line) works fine, though.

@_date: 1994-02-22 23:00:37
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: Re: Education needed, but what specifics? 
Point well made, and I did allude to the possibility that some would see
it as that (although I think I was unclear about specifics, I had nothing
actually _training_ like in mind certainly!). This is to be a game,
primary emphasis on fun. I find that I learn best when I'm having fun,
and my experience with rpg's and wargames has been that I think about
the implications and inspirations for the games I play.
 (Has anyone else read the story about the USG using games to manipulate the
voters? Where they make a voting game to increase turnout in a manner
similar to Monopoly's supposed influence on people during the depression?)
 Understyood, and agreed. All simulation, not like reality. I haven't ever
commited such silliness myself (part of why I'm asking for ideas), and I
see no reason for anyone else to.
 I'm hoping that the game would emphasize that anyone could _need_
strong crypto, and anonymity, and digital cash, etc. Also that understanding
your network makes you and everyone else safer.
 Have you played the game "Neuromancer" based on Wm Gibson's novel? My
thought all the while reading the book was that it's make a better game than novel, and I was right. The game focuses on finding and infiltrating
systems on the net with emphasis on tracking financial transactions and
reaching secure(?) meeting places with other net underworld figures.
 The game was immensely popular, and could have used more "puzzle-like"
elements, more data presented to the player, and an interactive option.
 That is more like what I'm proposing.  The players I know of BBS door games in Tucson, Arizona (where I'm
located physically), would like to see more control than would make
the game "friendly." Understanding that their sysadmin can follow the
sendmail logs might encourage users to use crypto on their mail, and
use remailers (even non-anonymous remailers, just designed to take
the tracking away from their own sysadmin and put it with one they
have CHOSEN to trust). I know a lolt of sysops, and you'd be surprised
how much email is read.
 Also, if more people are thinking about didgital cash, anonymity, encryption, and the lack of proivacy they have (and how public their
lives may become if governments/corporations/"unfriendlies" of all types
were the ones controlling information entirely vis a vis clipper, storuies of sysops reading mail, stories of corporations reading
mail, stories of operators listening in on phone calls, ...), the
more solutions will emerge, and the more prepared the  people already using
computers to exchange ideas will be when confronted with the options
that take away privacy as opposed to those which enhance it.
 Perhaps I should send you a plan of what I'm thinking? Storyboards? I do
**NOT** want to be seen as suggetsing/writing a manual on net.warfare,
but the cyberpunk novels are already pretty closeto  to what I'm thinking
of and without presenting real dangers, I don't know how to suggest people use
real solutions. Any suggestions are greatly appreciated.
 (Glad I didn't mention the proto idea of having users use hunter-killer
viruses... that'd get me in trouble!)
 I appreciate criticism. Disagreement isn't flamage. Indignation isn't
necessarily ad hominem. Please help me prepare a concept that won't
cause these reactions in the non cypherpunks-friendly communities.
 Ideally, the abstract for the gam,e shouldn't raise too many eyebrows
in comp.virus, talk.politics.crypto, or anywhere else.
 It certainly should be something sysops would be willing to use.
 Seth Morris (Seth.Morris

@_date: 1994-02-23 17:43:57
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: argument for non-tech education (ie game) 
Concepts, abstracts, and storyboards for possible cypherpunk-friendly
educational game. By Seth Morris, Feb, 1994.
 This isn't really an abstract anymore, it's an argumentative essay.
 It's pretty stilted and dry, and most of the good examples and concepts
are in the actual game descriptions (to be sent in another message).
 This is almost a call to arms, though, focusing on the nontechnical
generation on crypto users who will follow us.
** Abstract
 The documentation for PGP says:
        READ THE DOCUMENTATION...  Cryptography software is easy to misuse,
   and if you don't use it properly much of the security you could gain
   by using it will be lost!  You might also be unfamiliar with the
   concepts behind ... cryptography...  Even if you are already familiar
   with ... Cryptography, it is important that you understand the various
   security issues associated with using ... [cryptography].  It may not
   be important to read the fine print on a box of breakfast cereal, but
   it may be crucial to read the label of a prescription drug.
   Cryptography software is like pharmaceuticals-- so read the manual!
 The issues surrounding crypto and crypto related topics (including
anonymity, pseudoanonymous identity, reputations, DC nets, remailers,
digital cash/checks/banking, signatures, escrow, trust, and more) are
complex, but it is important that a user of the technology understand
them. It is far more important that the users be aware of non-cryptanalysis
attacks and problems associated with the technology than they be fully
conversant with the mathematics and cryptanalysis involved.
 An excellent example is the active man-in-the-middle attack. the PGP
documentation devotes many lines to explaining this, and the necessity
of not trusting a public key recieved from a public repository that is
not signed by a trusted introducer, yet the public key servers contain
many such unsigned keys. These people presumedly have not understood
(or have not read) the documentation.
 This is not unexpected. The PGP documentation, while well written, is
dense and information packed. It was written by people who understand
the issues well and have worked out enough examples to follow Alice and
Bob discussions with ease.
 Many of the users of PGP currently have not spent this time. They are
not used to thinking about their security from the point of view of an
attacker (this may be unusual to most cypherpunks, who have learned to
always analyze systems for weakness before strength, many having learned
this from physical security and self defense lessons, I assume), and
their eyes glaze over a little when the hypothetical discussion start.
 Try to explain the mathematics behind a large dining cryptographer net
to a group of relatively mathematically unsophistacated, nontechnical
people sometime. The mathematics involved is grade school, but it is
often difficult to get otherwise well educated people to understand the
complexities and implications, even after you have taken the time to
prove the untraceability of the system. Then try to get them to discuss
ways to solve the collision problems. They have not spent the last year(s)
of their lives attacking hypothetical systems or examining programming
solutions for practicality and (often more important) practicability.
 Even mathematically sophisticated friends of mine become uncomfortable
when the phrase "completely connected subgraph" comes out. Following the
discussion requires effort and examples, which in turn require both a
background and a willingness to follow the technical discussions.
 The next generation on crypto users will be nontechnical. The cypherpunks
motto is "cypherpunks write code," but we are finding that as the list grows
the percentage of active programmers on the list decreases. The nonprogrammers
are no less interested in having and using solutions to the problems
associated with crypto than the programmers. They are no less intelligent or
educated, certainly. Their suggestions for systems and protocols to solve
real problems are often excellent. But we are losing many of them due to
a lack of preparation on crypto issues.
 As foreign as it may seem to some of us, these people often use a database
without thinking about the file formats or sorting algorythms used, and
don't want to be told what they are.
 How many of the old-time cypherpunks have bought the books and read the
articles which detail the crypto systems we use? How many hours and dollars
have been spent preparing for the discussions on cypherpunks and Usenet?
 We cannot expect the next generation to have as strong an acedemic background
on crypto issues if we are to meet a stated goal of providing strong
crypto solution and related technologies to the bulk of the future network
 Many of the future users of our crypto solutions are not even on the net
yet. They might be using local BBSes, or LANs at work or school, or
possibly using commercial online services which, if they even have an
Internet connection, do not advertise the services of the Internet or
Usenet as well as their own services (quite naturally).
 However, if you open any recent issue of Boardwatch Magazine (a monthly
for sysops of local BBSes), you will find internetwork connectivity featured
prominently in every recent issue, often appearing in all of the cover
articles. The Waldenbooks Computer Books flier for January had a different
guide to the Internet on every other page, in addition to the proliferation
of guides to commercial services and LANs. The growth rate of connected users
is astonishing.
 These people will be using the technologies developed and supported by
groups such as the cypherpunks, and they need to be aware of the issues
and complexities they will face. They cannot, however, be expected to
spend the time, money, and effort to educate themselves completely in
cryptology. Nothing will remove their need to read the manuals and some
basic (and yet to be written) guides, but if the general public is to
use a system, it should be readily usable without requiring an extensive
background. It should contain the education it requires. The PGP documentation
does a good job of this, but it may not remain enough as the interest
level of the users changes from "how does this work" to "how do I use
this" to "just tell me what to type."
 By way of analogy, you can program in C without reading style guides, K&R,
the C FAQ, or the standard and rationale. Some education is required, but
it is relatively easy to get, and is usually supplied with the compiler.
Those who take the time and trouble to do the additional research (and
most programmers eventually do) will be that much better prepared, but
there is no glaring omission in your basic education until then. A similar
analogy could be drawn with writing essays, or juggling torches -- perhaps
a better analogy, because of the obvious and the nonobvious dangers.
 Phil Zimmerman writes in the PGP documentation:
          I remember a conversation with Brian Snow, a highly placed senior
         cryptographer with the NSA.  He said he would never trust an
         encryption algorithm designed by someone who had not "earned their
         bones" by first spending a lot of time cracking codes.  That did make
         a lot of sense.  I observed that practically no one in the commercial
         world of cryptography qualified under this criterion.  "Yes", he said
         with a self assured smile, "And that makes our job at NSA so much
         easier."  A chilling thought.  I didn't qualify either.
 It makes sense also that the people expected in the future to provide
solutions in the real world should have experience and understanding of
non-cryptanalysis attacks and issues, as well.
 The problem is to expose a large number of computer users, many of whom
may not be on any large networks yet -- but are expected to be in the
near future -- and who do not yet think they need crypto solutions, to
the issues and complexities of crypto, without also exposing anyone to
any dangers. The education should be easy to use, should have incentive
to use, should have a scalable degree of technicality, should not cause
anyone undue concern regarding legal and ethical issues (those people
unwilling to read The Big Book of Mischief to learn about urban terrorism
should not be similarly reluctant to use the crypto educational products),
and should expose people to important concepts in crypto such as key
management, signatures, anonymity, untraceability, traffic analysis, and
key forgery without causing problems with export/import restrictions or
possible legal restrictions on crypto and crypto information in certain
 My opinion is that a game which incorporates crypto topics in the gameplay
could be made to satisfy all of these requirements. Written as a BBS door,
it could be run on a variety of BBSes across the world, exposing users
who may not currently be on major networks, or who may not even be aware
that issues of crypto and crypto politics even exist, to the complexities
and concerns by providing practical experience thinking about weaknesses
and attacks, and providing an oportunity to realize without prompting that
there are legitimate needs for strong crypto by law abiding persons and
companies today.
 First and foremost, of course, the game should be fun, with emphasis on
gameplay. I feel that simple exposure to the topics will educate many
people enough that should they read the documentation to a crypto product
(such as PGP), they will have enought preparation to understand the
importance of concerns the documentation stresses. Also, it is my opinion
that allowing players to experience option such as web-of-trust vs
heirarchial trust systems and escrow vs personal key management will
better educate voters and letter writers to be involved in their own
local legislative process.
 I also feel, of course, that most people, given a chance to experience the
options, will choose to support the cypherpunks positions of personal
choice and self determination. It is unnecessary to "stack" the game. Simply
include the options, and allow people to decide for themself.
 Actual ideas for the game in another message (as I've probably lost most
readers long ago!).
 Seth Morris (Seth.Morris

@_date: 1994-02-23 18:13:23
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: My assumptions and game ideas for education door 
Concepts, abstracts, and storyboards for possible cypherpunk-friendly
educational game. By Seth Morris, Feb, 1994.
                                                                                                   --Part 2
 This begins with a quick comment on the direction I'm heading at this idea
from. It is possible that some of my basic assumptions are invalid. I'm
stating them up front so y'all can criticize.
** Comments on my paradigm and assumptions
 One of the things I have noticed about my assumptions and the model under
which I am developing my thoughts is that I assume a threat stimulus to
encourage crypto. I assume that both the education and the usage of crypto
related systems is based on a perceived threat to privacy/security/anonymity/
 Consequently, my focus in game design is to provide a threat to which only
crypto related systems can respond.
 I also assume a need to understand the threat in detail. If I didn't know
about an active man-in-the-middle attack (one of my favorite illustrations
for this argument), then I would have posted an unsigned key to the servers
long ago. As it is, I will not until I can get a relatively tusted signator.
I perceive a need to allow players of the game to understand and perhaps
orchestrate and use the attack so they will be aware of the relative futility
of unsigned keys and loose trust.
 This is what makes me seem like I'm advocating the net.book of spoofing and
skulduggery. I'm not. But if a player doesn't understand what facilitates
traffic analysis in detail, he or she won't avoid open, direct, and traceable
channels of communication for his or her sensitive information in real life.
 It's considered a relative truism in crypto that you shouldn't trust a
crypto system designed by someone who isn't a "real cryptologist" ie, who
hasn't "earned his or her bones" cracking weaker ciphers.
 If this is true, should we expect the next generation of crypto users
(presumed to be a large scale widespread and diverse group consisting of
a perhaps less technical cross section of net users who haven't had the
benefit of a year and a half of following and participating in cypherpunks
review of systems) to design relatively secure systems and protocols to meet
their real world needs without giving them a chance to experiment with and
understand the issues they will need to face?
 This doesn't mean having them actually write password sniffers and trace
through mail logs on a backbone site to find messages from a particular
entity. But it does mean understanding that some backbone sites could
do such a thing to them, and that their own sysadmin (or a less scrupulous
person ill-advisedly trusted by their sysadmin) could read or track their
own messages with relative impunity. The way to understand that is not faith,
but to know how it could be done, at least in relatively concrete theory.
(No need to post scripts to do it, just describe the types of logging and
filtering that are common and that are possible, and allow players of a
game to see what they could do with even relatively unspecific logs/filters.)
 Now... on to the ideas.
 There are several basic ideas... let me discuss the less attractive, more
derivative ideas first.
** Wargame/Trading game idea
 Imagine a wargame/trading game where communication between units involved
varying degrees of crypto/anonymity/signatures.
 I send a message to my generals in the field with their current orders,
encrypted. I send digital money to them to pay troops, outfit and repair
equipment, etc. I sign orders for authentication, and I use anonymous
methods for dealings with spies/mercs/black market. Perhaps a space trading/
espionage game loosely similar to Stephen R Donaldson's current five part
"Gap" series.
 Players would assume roles of initially rival masterminds, and would use
crypto techniques to control units, meet with spies, pay costs, SIGINT
track, perform traffic analysis on opponents operations, make alliances
(perhaps even anonymously: why would I want Alice knowing I'm helping her
against Bob... this might lead her to _support_ Bob against me to get him
off her back! But if money and info arrived anonymously, signed by an
anonymous name carrying a positive reputation... you get the idea), etc.
 This seems workable, if a little like every other BBS door on the market
(although perhaps that's because they're doing something right!). It doesn't
go too deeply into the issues of key management, denial-of-service, active
man-in-the-middle (someone said a while back that you can tell there's a
lot of people out there who don't understand crypto issues by counting the
number of unsigned keys on the servers... after playing a game where an
active man-in-the-middle attack is possible, either by players or a computer
controlled entity, I don't think a player would be as likely to make that
mistake!), DC nets (a favorite topic of mine), etc.
 Does do a good job of handling digital cash (with several currencies in
competing circulation, I'd assume... this happens in any war, and should in
any wargame... same with multiple market trading), reputations (especially if
the "human assets" part of wargaming/trading is emphasised).
 One particular problem I have is that this doesn't transfer as readily to
real life as I'd like. There's no obvious way to include key escrow as an
option (generally a BAD option, of course!), there's no obvious way to
indicate political and bureuacratic problems crypto currently entails to
excourage players to generalize their understanding.
 In general, it's very abstract. A marked contrast to my other thought.
** Cyberpunk game idea
 This is more of a Gibsonesque Cyberpunk game. This may be easier to follow
if you've played the "Neuromancer" computer game. (It may also be more
derivative of Pat Cadigan's _Synners_ than Gibson.)
 You take the part of a netrunner. Most players would probably be pet hackers
of megacorps. The net is less like the Matrix than like a large scale WAN
or the Internet. (No graphics on a door except color ASCII, remember!) Players
have access to various systems which are connected to other systems (if you've
played the Steve Jackson Games game "Hacker" you'll have a good image of what
I'm thinking), so there is a trace route of message traffic or remote login/
file transfer.
 Some systems offer public access and will become Neuromancer style meeting
places, others will offer mailing list type services. Other services might
be reputation brokers, "fixers" (trusted introducers between anonymous
entities based on interest... commonly used in cyberpunk literature to
introduce buyers and sellers of information and goods with low risk), storage
servers, remailers, etc.
 Players must manage their clients' needs for information brokerage,
information transport without interference, digital money management (perhaps
some of the players work for Revenue or somesuch?), etc, while still keeping
their own desires in mind. Players caught at some activities might be coerced
into working for a corporate entity to avoid persection/prosecution/exposure
(a common theme in cyberpunk literature) and might desire ultimately to
free themselves (or perhaps they're simply forced to reveal information about
ongoing activities for their primary employer, putting them in a doubly
difficult position).
 This all leads readily to use of crypto, anonymity, pseudoanonymity,
eputations, DC-nets, digital money, signatiures, web-of-trust vs heiarchial
trust systems, traffic analysis (people don't accuse me of writing a manual
on net.warfare when I say "traffic analysis", but when I say "reading
a sendmail log" they blanch... hmmm...), etc.
 Note that, like in Neuromancer, there will still be a great deal of
abstraction, and that the net in question will not be THE Net we all know
and love(?). I don't picture keeping accurate sendmail-style logs for all
systems simulated and having players pour over them. I do see the possibility
that they might want to trace a message an anonymous but reputable entity
sent through their mailserver which they suspect of smuggling company
funds out of their corporate pockets. Or tracking the source of anonymous
information as far back as possible to see if they are receiving spoofed
disinformation from a competitor.
 Of primary interest as propoganda/education is that the players realise the
attacks to which they can now be subjected. Understanding how much information
is plaintext should concern them. Knowing about an active man-in-the-middle
should encourage their use of trusted certifiers of some sort. Realizing
that corporate/government certifying authorities have their own goals and
needs in mind first and foremost would lead most people to prefer a PGP-style
web of trust.
 Optionally, some players could take the part of Law Enforcement personnel.
This would lead to a discussion of the needs/interests of LE vs the needs/
intyerests of citizens. This could allay some fears that the game is
"stacked" by having the players only experience the issues through the
viewpoint of an "underworld" figure. Some "legitimate" legal business
must be in the game. Also, it would be interesting to see how far the
players can go as LE personnel without giving in to the temptation to
break their own rules. Most people on cypherpunks think that the Key
Escrow Initiative will quickly lead to laziness and corruption on the
part of LE and government personnel that will violate the privacy and
security of average citizens and companies, and I agree. If that is the
case, it is quite likely that in the game, even people chosen for their
integrity and honesty would eventually commit some criminal act as LE
 Really, of course, the game, as almost all good games do, walks close to
the line between "game" and "simulation." But in this case it would be
easier to create and play because the simulated system is largely theoretical
and the actual parts are quite similar to the game already. I don't see this
as too difficult a project to undertake. (And yes, I have written games
before, although never doors.)
 Ideally, the game should be as acceptable to Dorothy Denning as to T. C. May
(to pick two widely (wildly?) differing political viewpoints). Both would
accept the desire for crypto education, and I think both would agree that an
interactive online game reaches a large section of the current and future
computer community.
 Storyboards and screens as I see them are not yet written. (I only had
this idea last night!) I'll send them to anyone who cares, as I assume
the list at large won't. But I thought that some of the ideas here would
lead to useful discussion.
 Seth Morris (Seth.Morris

@_date: 1994-02-25 00:56:01
@_author: Seth Morris 
@_subject: Re: "self decrypto" and Steg 
First, re: "self decrypting" binaries.
 Sounds more like a general utility for conventional key crypto with versions
ported to other platforms. Like pkzip's "crypto" options, but hopefully
without publicly posted programs to crack it!
 Imagine a program built with lharc, zip, arj, tar, uuxfer, md5, and idea.
A general file cruncher. Then you send a binary .whatever file with a
special header that has the passphrase prompts you've decided on.
 Not "self-decrypting" by any means, but more likely to be run and accepted
by a user unwilling to install pgp. Also, very easy to write. Hork gzip,
maybe info-zip, pgptools, maybe some lharc code, etc from publicly
visible locations and snap them together.
 I have to agree with the statement that I'm NOT going to run a random
binary dropped in my mbox! Even if someone I'd like to communicate securely with had said it'd be dropping by.
 I think with all the talk about steg lately we might want to recall an idea
posted a few months (several?) ago.... Create and widely distribute a
program to take a "stealth" crypto file (of course, the util might also
do the stealthing.... details) and perform a large number of manipulations
on it.  Something like a command blend -"Hello, world!" file.bin would do
something like use the "H" option (of MANY) with an argument of 5 (or
of 101 or whatever the ascii value of 'e' is... I'm tired), then the "l"
manipulation twice ("l" might not take an argument), then "o", skip the
comma and whitespace (or maybe not), etc.
 No way to gaurantee that some operations don't undo one another, but you'd
still have a good chance that the resulting file would be VERY difficult to
cryptanalyse, I think (and I *know* I'll be told if I'm wrong... I'm repeating what seemed like a good idea). At the very least, it wouldn't
decrypt into anything useful.
 This way, one utility can provide man avenues to help steg (if the file
cannot be determined to be encrypted by a particular program/with a
particular method, it may be easier to hide in a practicable way (which
may be less secure than a more theorhetically sound method)).
 Again, I'm in favor of having the program also provide a non-crypto
related service to the user. Encourage people to have it and know
how to use it, and provide a cover to explain it's presence.
 Just a couple-a comments on current threads.
 Seth Morris (Seth.Morris
