
@_date: 1995-12-18 10:23:30
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Oklahoma University: Is this legal?... 
think the problem is
 computer system was therefore a "public record" (since the computer is
"owned" by the public), and thus had to be accessible by law.
ago, the policy will make a legal statement that e-mail is running on
state property, Colaw said. He said the policy is not an invasion of privacy."
legally required, and perhaps violates the ECPA.
Seth Finkelstein

@_date: 1996-02-04 03:10:09
@_author: ALL of them! 
@_subject: THE JEWS (ALL of them!) Try to kick Ernst Zundel off Usenet!! 
set us all off arguing. DON'T FEED THE TROLL.
Seth Finkelstein  				sethf
Disclaimer : I am not the Lorax. I speak only for myself.
Freedom of Expression URL

@_date: 1996-02-25 02:34:12
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Internet shutdown Feb 29? 
it whatsoever.
how to use the MIT on-line directory by    finger help MIT, that I know about.
Seth Finkelstein

@_date: 1996-04-29 02:23:34
@_author: "Declan B. McCullagh" 
@_subject: Re: [NOISE] Re: Guardian angels, the decency brigade, and 
thinking of getting a SafeSurf rating for a few pages as an experiment,
so this "patrolling" is pretty interesting:
Suppose you check out a site and find it is in your opinion not
"kidsafe". What do you do in that case? This is not clear from your message. are you not substituting your own standard? After all, in reference to
Declan McCullagh's point about the fight-censorship archives, you say:
"Why ask?  Clearly a site with a message like this would not be suitable for
children to read.  That would be an adult site rating."
seems in this case be roughly "any archive which contains any message
with any sexual content, no matter what the context or proportion, does
not qualify as "kidsafe" in the CyberAngels view."
"voluntary" one, and the one the CyberAngels apply to the site? Only if
the two coincide will all be well. Thus, is it not reasonable to ask
that the CyberAngels at least make clear their criteria? I collect items
such as this (ratings systems), I would be very interested in what the
CyberAngels have come up with.
Seth Finkelstein
P.S. I don't know if you're a recent recruit or not, but Curtis Sliwa
has a checkered history at best. Given the fabrications in the Angel's
past, what can we expect in their future?
       AUTHOR: Goodstein, Laurie
        TITLE: Guardian Angels' Chief Clouds His Reputation
       SOURCE: Washington Post
   SEC,PG:COL: A, 3:1
         DATE: Nov 29, 1992
     ABSTRACT: Curtis Sliwa, founder of the Guardian Angels, has admitted                that some of his 1980s exploits were fabricated to get                publicity.
      AUTHOR: Gonzalez, David
        TITLE: Police Union to Sue Sliwa over Hoaxes
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: B, 6:6
         DATE: Nov 26, 1992
     ABSTRACT: Ron Reale, the president of the New York City transit police                union, said Nov 25, 1992 that his group would file a lawsuit                against Curtis Sliwa, the founder of the Guardian Angels, on                the grounds that he had injured the union's reputation by
               for the Guardian Angels.
       AUTHOR: Gonzalez, David
        TITLE: Sliwa Admits Faking Crimes for Publicity
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: B, 1:4
         DATE: Nov 25, 1992
     ABSTRACT: The Guardian Angels' founder and leader, Curtis Sliwa,                admitted in a New York Post article on Nov 24, 1992 that he                faked six of the group's early crime-fighting exploits to
               gain publicity.  Some former and present associates contend                that even more of the group's activities were publicity                stunts.
        TITLE: Curtis Sliwa's Confession
       SOURCE: New York Times
   SEC,PG:COL: A, 32:1
         DATE: Nov 27, 1992
     ABSTRACT: An editorial wonders why so many New Yorkers got taken in by                Curtis Sliwa, the Guardian Angels' leader who recently                confessed that he and his Angels fabricated several exploits                in order to gain public support.

@_date: 1997-05-02 17:10:26
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Re: SAFE Bill is a Good Thing--"Crypto For The Masses" 
pre-CDA. Virtually all the lobbying groups would run around saying
things like "we support this bill, but oppose this provision". Or
convoluted stuff like "We oppose all these bills, but of the measures
being considered, we support this one".
Seth Finkelstein

@_date: 1997-09-10 16:01:50
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Re: House National Security committee guts SAFE, worse than no bill 
Telephony debacle to have been lived down yet. I certainly don't have
a lot of faith that the people who brought us that are going to do any
better nowadays.
told they didn't "support" it, but "it could have been worse".
what point will you start calling for megaphones and marches
(metaphorically). If the answer is "never", well, I think that settles
just how much of a factor you'll be.
Seth Finkelstein

@_date: 1997-09-12 15:42:51
@_author: Seth Finkelstein 
@_subject: Re: The problem of playing politics with our constitutional rights 
more accurate.
me here, you've got to believe it :-).
means very roughly ONLY that one believes that the government has some
role to play in moderating the excesses of the market. It does not
particularly *make* you a civil-libertarian. However, because Liberals
think about general social power and the abuse of it, they are very
often led to the civil-libertarian view. In the opposite direction,
sometimes they just want power themselves. It is with great regret
that I must debunk the myth that being a Liberal makes you a saint (it
only seems that way in comparison to everyone else around ... :-) )
ranks of those who are the targets of both public and private
abuses. So they often both favor government action against business
abuse, and strong civil-liberties guarantees to keep government power
in check. It is *possible* to be a Conservative civil-libertarian, but
this much lesser group, and has in the past decades very much been purged
from the Republican party by the theocrats and hence from the national scene.
are civil-libertarians, but civil-libertarian opposition will almost
always come from Liberals (read this sentence several times until you
understand it. I get so tired of people attacking the strawman that
all Liberals are civil-libertarians, nyah, nyah, look at e.g. Dellums).
The Fundamental Problem in American politics is GET-A-MAJORITY. It
is not "be a constitutional scholar", it is not "construct and defend
the most rigorous argument for your position in terms of axiomatics from
first principles", it isn't even "know what you're talking about". It is
GET-A-MAJORITY. "Mr. Stevenson, you've got every thinking man's vote!". He replied
"That's not enough, I need a majority."
by throwing widows and orphans out into the street, it still works.
What matters is how many dollars are made, not people affected. This
is why Liberals view a population-based civil system as a necessary
constraint on the imperatives of capital. Because ultimately we're
people, not dollars.
intrinsically minority-rights, anti-majoritarian concepts such as
civil-liberties. Any politician ignores this at great peril. Thus,
Liberals who don't have to be elected can be a lot more vocal
civil-liberties supporters than those who need to GET-A-MAJORITY.
Thus even Liberal, civil-libertarian politicians may *vote against
their principles* (do I hear gasps from the peanut gallery) because
of electoral imperatives.
problem. The surviving government will just have a very good excuse for
the crypto-barricades in the future. Is it because I'm a
Big-Brother-loving government-worshipper? No, not at all. I was
thinking today about what I could do on the issue. And I came to the
conclusion that I'm basically so crippled and exhausted as a
net.activist that I shouldn't do more (general statement, but set off
by this particular topic). I can't stand a huge number of the people
I'd have to work with, and I just don't have the patience and energy
to keep pounding grains of understanding into them, it's like filling
a sandbag with tweezers. But don't you dare assume support for crypto
restrictions from that, it's rather coming to the point of being
completely fed up with the drain of electronic activism on my life.
Seth Finkelstein
