
@_date: 1994-06-03 00:59:58
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: Faster way to deescrow Clipper 
Could someone please enlighten me on this: It seems from the descriptions
of the hack to fake a LEAF that 1) When two Clipper chips are going to
communicate, one of them generates the session key and sends a LEAF to the
other chip, 2) The second chip recognizes the LEAF as being valid based on
the validity of the checksum, but does not determine the session key from
the LEAF.
If that's the case, then 1) How does the second chip find out what the
session key is? 2) Doesn't the second chip also have to generate and send a
LEAF, if for no other reason than to identify itself to the wiretappers,
and if so won't that give away the session key if that chip's device is not
also hacked? 3) If all that is needed for this hack is a LEAF with a proper
checksum, why go through the brute force method of generating random LEAFs?
Why not just buy (or steal or whatever) another Clippered device that you
never use for real communication so the wiretappers have no record of who
has that serial number, and get LEAFs from it? For that matter, why can't
you obtain one LEAF from listening to anybody's Clippered transmission and
use it over and over again?
It can't be *that* simple, can it?
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-06-03 09:30:14
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: Faster way to deescrow Clipper won't work 
Perry answered most of my questions with the new information that the
checksum is a function of the IV and session key. That still leaves one big
one unanswered: Doesn't the Clipper chip at the other end of the message
have to compute and send a LEAF too? Otherwise there would be no way for
the wiretappers to identify it. And that LEAF will contain the proper
session key unless both ends are using the same hack.
Also, what does Clipperphone have that the Tessera board doesn't which
keeps this hack from working? Is enough known about the workings of the two
so that someone could build a computer-based telephone using Tessera that
would be compatible with Clipperphone yet use this hack?
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-06-03 15:43:46
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: Black Eye for NSA, NIST, and Denning 
DEADBEAT  says:
Right now, you need to arrange things with another party if you are going
to have secure communication. If Clipper catches on the way the government
wants, you may be able to assume that someone you want to contact has an
encryption device compatible with yours. If Blaze's hack can be used by the
initiator of a communication to defeat key escrow without the cooperation
or knowledge of the other person, then Clipper will have made it more
difficult for law inforcement, since then criminals and other people with
privacy concerns will be able to have secure communication with people who
are not part of their pre-arranged secure communications system. That, the
defeat of traffic analysis, and the avoidance of the attention one could
draw by using non-LEAFed encrypted traffic, are the advantages of Blaze's
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-06-10 13:44:16
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: New Yorker First Flame Author on TotN 
He was interviewed by Terry Gross on "Fresh Air", also a nationally
syndicated public radio show, though not with call in, earlier this week, I
think Wednesday. He came across as a very naive, "sensitive" guy, who was
enamored over the possibility of an electronic academic utopian community
and was rudely shocked when he first discovered the phenomenum of flaming
there in his mailbox. The interview was focused on his feelings during his
introduction to cyberspace and to flaming, what the world of e-mail and
bulletin boards is like for technological newbies, and did not at all get
into issues of pornography, anonymity, encryption, etc. He did not seem as
if he would be competent to talk about those issues and he did not try to.
 -- sidney markowitz     SK8board Punk Rocket Scientist      [not speaking for Apple!]
    Advanced Technology Group           voice: (408) 862-4319
    Apple Computer, Inc., M/S 301-3D    fax: (408) 974-8414
    1 Infinite Loop                     AppleLink: SIDNEY
    Cupertino, CA 95014                 Internet: sidney

@_date: 1994-06-13 18:51:10
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Sunday NY Times anti-Clipper, FBI bill editorial 
Here's a brief quote from a NewsBytes copyrighted article. You can surmise
the rest, or go get a copy of last Sunday's NY Times. There are no new
arguments in the Times editorial, but the fact that they wrote it is what's
 WASHINGTON, D.C., U.S.A., 1994 JUN 13 (NB) -- In a Sunday editorial,
 the influential New York Times has criticized both the Clinton
 administration's Clipper encryption scheme and the digital telephony
 legislation backed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
 -- sidney markowitz

@_date: 1994-06-13 21:03:45
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: As I delurk, a question... (Clipper) 
Not necessarily. First of all, why would the NSA let it be known if they
are distressed? I'm amazed that they have started talking to the public at
all! Secondly, what do they hope to achieve with this whole Clipper thing?
Given that they are aware that strong crypto exists and is publicly
available around the world, what can they gain by pushing Clipper? Is it
some type of political influence in the U.S. that they'll get by winning
this round, or do they want the ability to spy on ordinary civilian and
U.S. government activity, or what? Whatever it is, if it isn't hurt by
people having PGP available, it isn't hurt by the small number of people
who would spoof LEAFs.
As I read the official pronouncements of representatives of the U.S.
government and especially the NSA, I can't figure out what they do hope to
achieve. Can anyone else on this list make sense of it?
 -- sidney markowitz

@_date: 1994-07-08 15:55:18
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) Re: BSD random() - any good (source included) 
Jim Choate wants to hear from the silent majority before he'll believe that
a significant number of people were not interested in 65k of fortran code
and seeing the same message quoted 0, 1, 2, and 3 levels deep. (I thought
that was a really nice touch, even better than the Fortran code).
I'll add my two cents, and we'll see if we can get all 698 other people on
the list to respond. I won't be elitist and try to use statistics to prove
the point (As in, if 11 people bother to respond, 10 against and 1
supportive of the mailings, and there are 700 people subscribed to the
list, than what is the probability that there are at least 600 people who
not only aren't interested in having the stuff dropped in their mailbox,
but don't even want to waste time writing about it or waste other people's
time by have them read stuff about it.) After all, we saw how useless
simplified explanations of the relationship between breaking RSA and
factoring of large numbers were at convincing certain people in other
discussions, or reasoning about the uselessness of making keys that take
trillions of universe lifetimes to break instead of mere millions of years.
This discussion has been very useful to me. It got me to finally read up on
Eudora Mail's filtering facility, so now I know how to kill e-mail
automagically based on various specified criteria. Thank you, Jim. It's
always good to learn new things.
By the way, referring to a random number generator as "cryptoweak" does not
mean that it is somehow relevant to cryptography. A cryptoweak something is
a thing that is *not* useful for cryptography. Well, I suppose an article
on how cryptoweak RNGs could be used in a cryptographically strong system
would be of interest to this list, but so would an article on how Twinkies
and taco sauce could be used to create strong cryptography. But please
don't forward any usenet articles about Zippy's diet on the theory that
cypherpunks should be interested in it because of its strong
non-relationship to the purpose of this list.
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-07-12 21:04:22
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: Pseudonymous ID cards? 
I've seen articles about that here and/or sci.crypt and places like that.
If you think in terms of cryptographic authentication of smaller pieces of
information instead of a card that can reveal all about someone, it isn't
too difficult. If a traffic cop wants proof that you have a valid driver's
license, all they really need access to is the key to verify the
authenticity of something that certifies that you have a valid driver's
license. Your card can provide that certificate without revealing any other
information about you than the fact that you are licensed to drive. The
good thing about this kind of setup is that information can be partitioned
so that only people with a reason to be authorized to get that information
would have access to it. The bad thing about this is that it still makes it
easy for the government to require that we all carry around a card that
tells everything about us and makes access to all that only a matter of
legal authorization. I don't want a society where my cryptographically
secured private information is required to be shown at every police
seatbelt/alcohol/immigrant/drug/pedophilia/sedition checkpoint.
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-07-13 07:38:50
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: NATIONAL SECURITY PORN RISK 
From the meager facts in the front page article in the San Jose Mercury
News, this whole thing could be as simple as an employee archiving two
gigabytes of alt.binaries.pictures.erotica on an unused disk volume and
setting up a passworded account for people who knew about it to ftp them.
Nobody can put that kind of stuff on an anonymous ftp site because the
traffic volume grows too high, and I would expect that such stuff is
against LLL policy, so anyone who wanted to provide an archive site would
have to only tell a few people who would tell a few people who ... and
eventually a reporter for the LA Times thought that he had discovered a
The real news here is that the major daily newspaper in Silicon Valley
could print a front page story which goes from talking about an LLL
employee who was archiving erotic pictures to talking about software piracy
on BBS's and the internet to referring to the people who ftp'd the pictures
as "pirates" and lumping the pictures and the software together as
"illegal" material and then raising some vague issues of national security
by quoting an "anonymous computer expert" as saying that people could have
used the pictures to transmit secret information (with nothing to indicate
that there was any reason to think that anyone did). If the article had
been printed in the National Enquirer it would be funny. In the mainstream
press I find it frightening. Especially coming at the same time as reports
of Clinton's support of a national data/id card and our governor's
volunteering of my privacy to beta test it.
Is it time to move out of here? Does anyone have any suggestions of
countries where things are better, not likely to get much worse as the U.S.
decides to spread its brand of "democracy" even more universally, and which
have not closed their doors to refugees from America?
 -- sidney markowitz     [In a pretty down mood at the moment]

@_date: 1994-07-13 13:50:24
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: WHITEHOUSE FTP? 
The info from whitehouse.gov claims that all of the publications are
accessible via anonymous ftp to whitehouse.gov.
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-07-19 14:31:12
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: the Cypherpunk and the Shadow 
Please point me to appropriate references if I am going over old territory.
What if an anonymous remailer required that messages were digitally signed?
To use such a remailer, you would have to register an e-mail address and
public key with the remailer. Mail that you send through the remailer would
only go through if it were properly signed with your key. The return
address on the remailed message would be something that the remailer could
use to get replies back to you. Chained remailing would still be possible
if each remailer signed the messages that it sent out, verifying that it
had been received from an address that is registered with it (which may be
a user or another such remailer).
This would provide a way of dealing with someone mail-bombing a remailer or
through a remailer, because the messages from one person could be
identified and filtered out either by the remailer or later on, as
appropriate. If someone tried to generate a million different identities
and public keys, that could be dealt with by imposing a time delay for
registration, which would not have to be imposed under normal
The current cypherpunk remailers maintain strict anonymity by not keeping
records the way the Finnish anonymous remailer does. But if you want to be
able to get a reply, you still have to place an encrypted reply block in
your message, which the remailer can decrypt, so you still lose anonymity
in the case that someone compromises the remailer. That is no better than
registering an e-mail address (which can be your anonXXXX address anyway)
that the mailer stores encrypted along with your public key.
For that matter, this would work if everyone had to register a public key
with the remailer in order to send mail through it, but only people who
wanted to be able to receive replies also registered their e-mail address.
Then the only thing that would be required to prevent a mail-bomb attack
would be to enforce a registration delay during such time as it became
Having all messages identified, even though still anonymous, would make
building of reputations possible.
 -- sidney markowitz

@_date: 1994-07-19 16:21:32
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: the Cypherpunk and the Shadow 
I said:
Whoops. Of course that wouldn't work. If a delay was imposed after any
registration before processing any next one, then there's an obvious denial
of service attack by simply sending in lots of registrations. And if there
isn't, someone can simply register a zillion different e-mail addresses and
public keys and send each copy of a mail bomb from a different one. Someone
who wants to build up a reputation can already do it anonymously (like
Pr0duct Cypher), while someone who wants to make trouble doesn't need to
build up a reputation. Oh well.
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-07-20 19:00:52
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: *comeon 
Thank you for speaking up for us.
Unfortunately you got it wrong. Unless you were using the archaic royal
"we". Or unless you just forgot to say what "we" you were talking about.
Now you got it right.
 -- sidney markowitz   One of the 500+ subscribers to the cypherpunk mailing list.
  Not one of the n who let Gary Jeffers know their personal political and
social philosophies so that he could speak authoritatively for their

@_date: 1994-07-21 16:36:34
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: Clipper Chip Retreat 
But if the government is going to push key escrow and they are going to use
an unclassified system, then they have to 1) Use a relatively weak
cryptographic system in order to keep people from using the unclassified
system for fully secure communication with their own non-escrowed keys, and
2) Outlaw using any other (more secure) encryption.
This fits right in with Gore's not backing down on export controls. Combine
that with his talk of using unclassified, exportable encryption, and he has
to be talking about replacing Skipjack with a weak or key-size restricted
system (which would not be subject to export controls). And as Mike McNally
pointed out, that just increases the likelihood that the government would
attempt to make use of other encryption illegal, because with the
algorithms known and in software there would be no other way of controlling
(or attempting to control) what people do.
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-07-26 13:42:09
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: CYPHERPUNKS TO THE RESCUE 
I recently used a smart card system for secure remote access to a network.
It looked like both the card and the remote system had clocks that were in
synch and both ran the same PRNG to produce a new number every minute. Part
of the login procedure was to enter the number currently being displayed on
the card.
A garage door opener built on this principle would not need the ability for
the base to transmit any codes, for the remote to receive any, nor to
encrypt or decrypt anything. Just a continuously running, clocked PRNG, the
ability for the base to receive signals sent by the remote and compare the
numbers, and some provision for synching up the clock and state of the PRNG
with that of the remote, probably using a physical connection. The remote
would transmit a code to the opener. The code would be available to someone
listening in, but it would only be valid for the current clock period. The
length of the clock period would be a trade off: Too long, and someone
could listen in and enter the garage after you have left but before the
current code has expired. Too short, and you will have to synch up the
remote and the receiver too often to be convenient. (I.e., if the clocks
drift by four seconds per year, you can go quite a while with one number
per minute, but less than a month at one number per second, before the
system becomes unuseable without resynching.) There also has to be some
provision for a retry if you happen to signal close to the transition time,
within the period where they are out of synch.
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-07-26 17:02:50
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: CYPHERPUNKS TO THE RESCUE 
I think that a practical scheme has to be able to work when the button on
the remote can be activated away from the garage door: What about kids
using the remote as a phaser while playing a game of Star Trek, showing off
your new cryptographic garage door remote to a friend, dropping a book on
top of the remote in the car, being a little too hasty and pressing the
button while still a few feet out of range of the garage door, a fidgety
passenger picking up the remote and playing with it while in the car, etc.?
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-07-29 09:24:52
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: anon.penet.fi troubles 
Brian D Williams  wrote (in e-mail to this list, not
to Julf, by the way):
 >There has been a rash of discussion about unusual messages from
 >your server on cypherpunks recently, I received this one today;
 [...]
 >X-Envelope-To: an111447
Checking the subscriber list, I see that an111447 is
subscribed to cypherpunks. It is near the end of the list returned by
Majordomo. Does that mean it was recently added?
This has happened before. If someone uses anonymized mail to subscribe to
this list, then all mail which anybody sends here is going to be sent to
the anonymized address. Anyone who has an id on anon.penet.fi who has not
set up a password and has sent mail to a mailing list such as this one that
has an anonymous subscriber has revealed their identity to that subscriber
if they included their sig in their message. Anyone who did not have an id
who sends a message to this list will end up being assigned one.
I thought that somebody did something the last time this happened to fix
the problem, at least regarding the cypherpunks list. Or was that just
before one of the mailing list crashes, so the problem went away by itself
until this person recently subscribed?
Does it seem to much of a coincidence that an111447 subscribed at the same
time that the alt.test tunafish spam appeared?
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-07-29 18:39:05
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: No Subject 
Excerpted from a NewsBytes article with the headline "Consumer Apps For
Electronic Fingerprint Reader":
 The Microreader can take an analog picture of a finger, convert the
 analog picture into a digital code, and store that code for
 matching. [...] the Microreader is being miniaturized and the
 price is being reduced from $1,500 to "substantially less than
 $100."
The article lists a bunch of possible applications involving verification
of identity and access control, incorporation in keyboards and cellular
telephones to secure them, etc. It does not mention any time frame for when
this device would actually hit the market or when the price would drop to
that $100 figure, so take it all with a grain of salt.
 -- sidney markowitz

@_date: 1994-08-01 09:35:00
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: Lawsuits Against PKP 
I haven't yet seen the details on the lawsuit, but I would guess that it is
Roger Schlafly, unless the name is more common than I think. He was at
Borland when I used to work there, and was into numerical methods kind of
stuff. I was told that he is Phyllis Schlafly's son, but he did not give
the impression being someone of her political or cultural orientation, not
that I ever heard him talk about political issues.
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-08-03 12:37:58
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: broadcast encryption 
The idea behind allocating frequencies for amateur use is that hams could
engage in a hobby with no commercial use which provides an infrastructure
for emergency public service communications. To prevent any commercial use
of those frequencies, to facilitate enforcement of the rules, and to
facilitate the participation by anyone who obtains the proper knowledge and
equipment, it is illegal to transmit in a way that "obscures the meaning"
of the transmission to people who would want to listen in. So, for example,
morse code and ASCII are the only exceptable digital codes, and various
modulation techniques are standardized as the technologies are developed.
In any case, the amateur frequencies are specifically reserved for
non-private communications and are subject to restrictions that have
nothing to do with the terms under which other commercial frequencies are
licensed. Those frequencies may be licensed for uses that include private
communications of some sort. And, since the regulations are based on the
principal that broadcast spectrum is a fixed, limited resource, none of
this applies to communications carriers who do not operate by broadcasting
over the air.
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-08-03 15:43:20
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: Remailer traffic analysis foiling 
I was under the impression that remailers already allowed for multiple
messages with separate destinations to be batched in one message with
appropriate embedded demarcation headings.
How about if a remailer reordered incoming messages, batched groups of
messages, and sent the batches to different remailers for chaining? That
would achieve the effects on traffic analysis without multiplying traffic.
If you want to keep chaining strictly under the senders' control, the
batching could be done with messages that are marked by the sender as being
destined for chaining through the same remailer. But I don't like that as
Jonathan Rochkind suggested that the remailers could signal their
availability via posts to a special alt newsgroup. I think it would be
easier and more reliable if instead the remailers contacted each other
directly in some way to check for availabity. Perhaps they could listen on
some port, perhaps a finger daemon, anything that would let one remailer
ask another for some sort of status check. Automated chaining between
mailers that confirm availabilty before passing on messages would be more
reliable than a user choosing the entire chaining path before mailing off
the message. And it would allow the chained messages to be reordered and
 -- sidney

@_date: 1994-08-03 15:48:06
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: Re: broadcast encryption 
Jonathan Rochkind  wrote about why amateur
frequencies should be available for a peoples Internet access:
The problem with the radio spectrum is that it is not free, it is a limited
resource. If the allowed use of some portion of the spectrum became too
easy, too useful, too profitable, then that portion would soon become
overloaded with traffic. That is one reason why hams cannot use their
frequencies for any kind of commercial transaction. Once there could be
people making money from the airwaves, they would quickly crowd out the
amateurs. If the government is going to subsidize public access to
communications internetworks, they would do much better to subsidize a
technology that is better suited to point-to-point switched routing. Of
course, that may be in the form of broadcast electromagnetic signals at
line-of-sight frequencoes, whether something like the current cellular
telephone network with higher frequencies and smaller cells, or lots of
small satellites, or it could involve subsidizing lots of fiber all over
the place.
It is the case that there is a lot of pressure for the FCC to make money
privatizing sections of the spectrum. The recent auction of licenses for
newly allocated spectrum earned them much more than was predicted, and will
make it that much harder for hams to hold on to much of the spectrum that
they already have.
 -- sidney markowitz     KD6AVY

@_date: 1994-08-08 02:48:57
@_author: Sidney Markowitz 
@_subject: RE: CreditCard info 
[various people speculated about legality of a company requiring your SSN]
There's a Social Security Number FAQ posted regularly on alt.privacy, and
also available from the usual usenet FAQ sites. It says that government
agencies in the U.S. have restrictions regarding asking for and using your
SSN, but private sector organizations do not. There's a lot more detail,
but I don't need to repeat it here.
 -- sidney
