
@_date: 1993-06-23 11:31:39
@_author: or your language's equivalent 
@_subject: Re: weak stenography and hiding readdat.exe 
The simplest effective way I know of to hide an executable (such as
readdat.exe) is to have it masquerade as another program, preferably one that
is complex enough to justify its size.  (You couldn't hide PGP in cat, but you
could hide it in Mathematica.)  You'd want the original program to be something
you compile yourself, like some large X program, or gcc, or emacs.  (You can
hide *anything* in emacs.  In fact, you can make pgp a hidden *primitive* in
emacs.  Hmmmmmm...  Or Perl.  Hmmmmmmm.....)  That way you don't have a file
that differs noticably from your OS release (they might check sizes and
checksums), and you don't want to bother with patching a binary anyway.
Then you've got the problem of invoking the alter ego of your program.
Methods I've used in the past include new command-line flags, time of day,
multiple "normal" invocations with slightly strange flags (this would
save simple state information in /tmp), and special environment variables.
To avoid leaving a trail to the hidden goodies, it's important to wipe any
special arguments from argv[] (or your language's equivalent), insure that
any special environment variables look completely innocent since ps(1) will
display them to anyone who asks, (both assuming you're on a multiuser Unix
box), and to not leave an intact .history file where some bright
anti-subversive in the SS lab could see it on your confiscated hard drive, or
your university's confiscated backup tapes.  To make cleaning up simpler, you
could hack your shell's history mechanism to not put incriminating strings
into your .history.  Leaving a false trail is better than simply removing the
real trail, after all.  (You wouldn't really need to do the same thing for
your accounting log, if your machine keeps it at all, since it would only
have the name of the executable.  It would be important, though, that your
program's public function be something that you could credibly be using 20
times a day.  Compiler, linker, editor, finger, archie...)
I've never had to worry about someone running a virus-style checker for
naughty code, since mine's all been home-grown, but if there is a particular
routine (say, pgp) that's hidden all over, Nick Szabo's excellent idea for
using a virus-type mutation engine would be essential.
For distribution of something like this, all we'd really need to do is co-opt
some project that is distributing code on the net already, preferably something
big.  Then we could set up an ftp site for the binaries, for those people who
don't want to bother with compiling the program.  Wink wink, nudge nudge.  (And
many projects do this anyway.)  The development of the "cover" program could go
on in parallel, thus justifying continuous releases of the binaries, and the
source is available (sort of) thus making the ruse that much more effective.
Scott Northrop                      (206)784-2083
ObVirus:   The demand for obedience is inherently evil.
ObVirus2:  As a juror in a Trial by Jury, you have the right, power and duty
           to acquit the defendant if you judge the law itself to be unjust.

@_date: 1993-06-30 01:31:25
@_author: ""L. Detweiler"" 
@_subject: Re: remailer ideas & proposals 
That's a big if.  I think the idea is interesting, but would *very* much like
to see this tested first on a set of "play" remailers, which are advertised as
being for research only, don't trust them to actually work, etc.
MIME, in particular, solves this problem, along with many others.  Three cheers
for Metamail!  Specifically, you can have several seperate messages within your
RFC822 message, arranged hierarchially.  You could have your public key, your
cute .sig, your message, your signature for the message, contact information
for you, a JPEG image (of your cat, say), and a sound ("meow") all in the same
mail message.  There is even faint hope that it would be portable.
Scott Northrop                      (206)784-2083
ObVirus:   The demand for obedience is inherently evil.
ObVirus2:  As a juror in a Trial by Jury, you have the right, power and duty
           to acquit the defendant if you judge the law itself to be unjust.

@_date: 1993-07-27 00:56:07
@_author: jpp/daemon 
@_subject: Re: Alpha testers wanted: GNU Emacs, RMAIL, and PGP 
The security-conscious way to send something to a subprocess is to use a pipe.
Looking at environment variables requires just a single extra flag to ps(1).
If PGP can't be set up to use a pipe to get the passphrase, it would be best to
modify PGP to clear its arguments when it's done getting a copy of them.
Scott Northrop                      (206)784-2083
ObVirus:   The demand for obedience is inherently evil.
ObVirus2:  As a juror in a Trial by Jury, you have the right, power and duty
           to acquit the defendant if you judge the law itself to be unjust.

@_date: 1993-07-27 21:32:57
@_author: koontzd@lrcs.loral.com (David Koontz  
@_subject: t-shirts, imagery, and Cypherpunks PR 
I like it, but it doesn't emphasize the fact that we're fighting a war here, a
war against government oppression.  We're fighting a guerilla war, here folks,
on the future battlefield of cyberspace.  And like anyone fighting a dinosaur,
we've got a big jump on the enemy in that we know our way around in this new
world, and they're dumb, blind, and slow.  We can hit them where they're weak,
use disinformation techniques to confuse them, and then fade into the mist.  We
can introduce false data into their computers to make them run in circles, and
drop their systems completely in classic guerilla style.  The people will
follow us, because we've got truth and freedom on our side -- all we have to do
is explain this, and we've won!  The leviathan must fall, and we'll help it
along its way!  We must arm ourselves conventionally, also, for those dark days
that may be ahead.  When a monster this size falls, we have no idea how chaotic
things may become.  Automatic weapons, the Anarchist's Cookbook (suitably
corrected, of course), and other martial pastimes will balance our
technological wizardry.
Hm.  It's not a particularly good imitation of Tim May's classic parodies, but
it'll have to do for now.
Folks, we're fighting a war.  A public relations war.  We are not, NOT,
fighting a conventional war.  Violence is not something we can have associated
with us.  We cannot be seen as hardcore anarchists, intent on crushing the
state.  We cannot enter into an obvious, head-to-head conflict with our
country's government, particularly law enforcement.  For us to be perceived as
such in the eyes of Joe Sixpack is fatal.  We will be, indeed we will have
BEEN, marginalized and rendered impotent and irrelevant.  For us to become so
engaged in conflict in *fact* is to have lost, because we have nothing like the
power of our wonderful government.
If we give them an excuse, they'll crush us like bugs.
We can't be seen as crazed revolutionaries.  We have to be more like relatively
harmless specialists in the field of privacy in cyberspace, explaining that
technology has the potential to cause arbitrary badness, and we've got ideas
about how to do things a different, better way.  We can be out on the fringe of
normality, but if we're seen in the same light as [fill in your favorite
trivialized group of wackos here], we're fucked.  Martyrdom is sexy and
romantic, but rarely useful, and almost never ideal.
Do keep in mind that this entire message is my personal opinion about how to go
about making the world a better place.  I'm not completely psycho about it, I
don't think people with different ideas are stupid or even necessarily wrong.
I just think the "conflict" meme is in danger of being given too much emphasis.
Scott Northrop                      (206)784-2083
ObVirus:   The demand for obedience is inherently evil.
ObVirus2:  As a juror in a Trial by Jury, you have the right, power and duty
           to acquit the defendant if you judge the law itself to be unjust.
