
@_date: 1994-09-10 07:04:23
@_author: Bob Smart 
@_subject: Proposal for an Electronic Commerce Testbed 
As Tony Rutkowski said recently in Tokyo, the Internet works best when
things come from the bottom up. Things that require a lot of
sophisticated infrastructure before you can even get started are hard
to get off the ground. This tends to be a problem with all security
technology and particularly with proposals for electronic commerce. We
need a testbed where we can play with the various proposals without
having the dangers associated with using real money in an experimental
environment. On the other hand we need a large number of people using
the experimental software because scalability and usability are two key
criteria. This document will describe:
 1. The technical requirements for such a testbed.
 2. The social engineering necessary to get a large number of Internet
    users participating in the testbed.
Testbed Structure
I think the best way to move this forward would be through the IETF.
There would be an ect working group. The rules for taking part in the
testbed would be published as informational or experimental RFCs.
We would need machines to run the Internet Experimental Bank and the
attacker-accessible virtual links. I imagine that many organizations
would be keen for the cachet of providing these services provided that
the banks protocols didn't require human intervention.
I imagine that account numbers will be PGP public keys. Subscribers
claiming to be financial members of the Internet Society will receive
an initial allocation and steady income of Internet-dollars. Other
currencies will be created as required. The particular electronic commerce protocols experimented with may
require additional infrastructure. For example accounts can be
associated with other keys, for the use with protocols which don't use
RSA, by means of appropriate PGP-signed documents.
Clearly there is a lot of coding to be done, from hack to cryptographic.
I think if we got the support of the IETF then we'd get support from
individuals and organizations. The fact that it would add a certain respectability to playing games over the Internet would also help to
attract some young and talented contributors.
Without endorsing the particular details above, if you think an
Electronic Commerce Testbed is possible and that you would be prepared
to contribute to an IETF WG on the subject then let me know. With
sufficient interest I will propose the idea to Jeff Schiller (IETF
Security Area Director).
Bob Smart

@_date: 1995-09-22 20:20:29
@_author: Bob Smart 
@_subject: speak freely 
"One Time! This must be some new meaning of `one time' that I'm
not acquanted with." - apologies to Douglas Adams.
------- Forwarded Message
 Date: Fri, 22 Sep 95 16:11:20 PDT
 From: ari (Ari Ollikainen)
 Message-Id: <9509222311.AA27810
 To: RCWG ESCC
 Subject: FWD: Free secure Internet voice communication
 Cc: rem-conf videophone
  From: kelvin (John Walker)
  Subject: Free secure Internet voice communication
I've just released to the public domain Release 5 of Speak Freely for
Windows and its Unix counterpart, Netfone for Sun and Silicon Graphics
workstations.  Assuming you have a fast enough connection to the
Internet (with reasonably consistent packet delivery time) and/or a
fast enough CPU to perform audio compression in real time, you can
talk to anybody on Earth connected to the Internet who's also running
the program.  The Windows and Unix versions have entirely different
user interfaces, but can intercommunicate.  Complete source code is
For communications security, IDEA, DES (less initial and final
permutations), and one-time pad (re-used for each sound packet)
encryption are available.  The intensely paranoid can enable any
combination of these.  The documentation explains how to use PGP to
securely exchange session keys before a conversation; an automatic
session key generator is provided.  DES is included for commercial
users who don't have a license to use the IDEA patent.  One-time pad
encryption is for those with machines too slow to run IDEA or DES in
real time.
I didn't include a public key mechanism because I wanted to avoid all
the confusion.  If somebody wants to navigate the narrow strait
between the RSA patent Scylla and Charybdis of export controls, the
programming work to implement public keys is straightforward and the
source code is yours to hack.
For further information, see:
    which describes the Windows version in detail and contains pointers to
the Sun and SGI editions, as well as links to download source code and
a ready-to-run executable for Windows.  You can also obtain the
program by anonymous binary FTP:
Unix source code:
    ftp://ftp.fourmilab.ch/pub/kelvin/netfone/netfone5.tar.gz
Windows executable:
    ftp://ftp.fourmilab.ch/pub/kelvin/netfone/windows/speakfb.zip
Windows source code (for Visual C 1.5):
    ftp://ftp.fourmilab.ch/pub/kelvin/netfone/windows/speakfs.zip
The Sun and SGI versions of this program are quite stable, and should
work for just about anybody with an adequate network connection.
Porting the code to other Unix workstations with audio hardware should
be relatively straightforward.  The Windows version has just been
finished and until it's shaken down on a variety of machines,
networks, sound cards, etc. may not work for everybody.
The Windows version requires a sound card with Windows Multimedia
drivers (I've tested it on a variety of Sound Blasters of various
generations) and a TCP/IP stack that supports WINSOCK (I'm using
NetManage Chameleon NFS).  Since multimedia and network hardware and
drivers vary tremendously from machine to machine, I wouldn't be
surprised if some tweaking were needed for various configurations.
The CPU speed required interacts with the speed of your network
connection; if you have a high-bandwidth connection to the Internet,
or you're talking to another person on a high-speed LAN, there's no
need to compress sound and the CPU load is minimal; just about any
machine will do.  If you need to compress in order to squeeze 8000
samples per second into a dial-up connection, then you need a CPU fast
enough to run GSM compression in real time: basically we're talking a
very fast 486 or Pentium.  If you turn on IDEA and/or DES encryption,
that also consumes CPU time.
Based on my experience with other Windows programs, it will probably
take months to track down misbehaviour due to strange hardware and
software configurations.  Complete, detailed bug reports are welcome.
I may not be able to respond individually, but the Web page will track
updates as they're released.  I have tested the program only on
vanilla 16 bit Windows 3.1.
The Windows version contains preliminary code to support direct
dial-up modem connections, acting as a phone scrambler.  Serial port
support in most Windows machines is so poor (unless you have a 16550A
UART and appropriate drivers, which most people don't) that this
feature isn't usable at present.  I've left the code in just in case
somebody with suitable hardware wants to bash it into working form.
If you add features, port the program to 32 bits, fix bugs, etc., let
me know so I can make your contributions generally available.
--------------------    -------------------
John Walker                      | A sufficiently advanced
Internet: kelvin    | technology is indistinguishable
 from a rigged demo.
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1995-10-05 16:02:51
@_author: Bob Smart 
@_subject: Re: Certificate proposal 
I strongly support what Carl Ellison is saying. I've been meaning to write
up something on it for so long that I must accept I'll never do it. So
here instead is a quick example.
 > I don't understand this whole discussion.
The idea is to make the public key the centre of the architecture instead
of being an attribute of some other centre (e.g. distinguished name).
Consider the IPSEC case. The current situation is:
1. We go through some process, let's call it Process A, where we determine
   that we want to talk to IP address 192.9.8.7.
2. We go through another process where we obtain the public key of 192.9.8.7.
3. We then try to decide, based on one or more certificates, whether we
   trust the public key to be the correct public key for 192.9.8.7.
Now consider the key-centric version.
1. Process A returns a public key which denotes the destination we want to
   talk to.
2. We then go through a process to obtain the IP address that belongs to
   that public key. We probably won't use the public key as an index to
   get that information. We probably use the information that was input
   to Process A. In fact this information may fall out as a byproduct
   of Process A. [However if we needed to make a scalable distributed
   database of RSA public keys then I have a design to do this -
   available on application.]
3. We don't need to trust any certificates or anything else at this stage.
   The fact that the IP address belongs to the Public Key is signed by
   the Public Key itself.
The same thing happens with e-mail. If "Process A" gives us an e-mail
address to send to then we worry about whether we have the right public
key to go with it. If Process A gives us a Public Key then we can
have certainty about the associated e-mail address because the association
is signed by the Public Key.
And a big win that just falls out of this is that I can have a
continuous exchange of information with one IP destination even if
it keeps changing its actual IP address (mobile computing) or I
can have an e-mail conversation with a person who keeps changing
their e-mail address. The things you want just fall out instead of
requiring clever software solutions.
 >  A certificate is a signed
 > binding of a key and a unique name, right? In the key-centric world a certificate binds some attribute as a property
of a publc key. So an X.509 certificate would say "The owner of this
public key [i.e. person who knows the corresponding private key] owns
the following point in the X.500 namespace", rather than that "the
person identified by this DN owns the following publc key". Experience
has shown that the latter interpretation is a mine-field. It really
doesn't work.
The idea of a key-centric architecture is the proverbial "idea whose time
has come". There are echoes of it in MOSS and in STT. But it really calls
out for a group to work out a complete architecture. If someone wants to
start such a discussion I'll make sure I make time to be part of the process.
Bob Smart

@_date: 1995-10-07 05:23:45
@_author: Bob Smart 
@_subject: Re: Certificate proposal 
The key-centric scheme is not inconsistent with the use of names. Universal
names are useful in directories and private names are useful ways for
individuals to name public keys that are important. The key-centric view is not name-free. The difference is just this: Are attributes attached to keys or names?
In any public key system, however long your certificate chain at the
end of that chain there has to be a public key you trust. It can't be
a name it has to be a key. So even the most name-centric system has
a key-centric core.  > >1. We go through some process, let's call it Process A, where we determine
 > >   that we want to talk to IP address 192.9.8.7.
 >  > This would be, say, a DNS lookup on That picks a process where there is no significant difference. But consider another common case. We are running a server that accepts
connections from anyone. We get a connect packet from 192.9.8.7. So
that is how we determine that we want to talk to 192.9.8.7: in order
to serve it.
In the standard view we now do a reverse lookup to get a name then
go to the DNS again to get the public key associated with that name.
And yet we don't care who we are talking to, and we don't need or
want to have to work out whether we trust the certificate. There was no reason why we couldn't have just had a secure conversation without ever doing any directory lookups.
I have seen it asserted that we would never want to have a secure conversation with someone when we don't know who they are. I strongly disagree with that. Suppose in our example that our server sells alcohol in exchange for digital cash:
 a. We want the sequence of packets from our purchaser to be authenticated.
    We don't want some humourist doubling the order or otherwise
    corrupting it.
 b. The purchaser is entitled to a private (encrypted) conversation.
    For example maybe he is Islamic and doesn't want to his religious
    bretheren on his ethernet to know about his alcohol purchases.
Now another aspect is that you need to be over 18 to buy alcohol
[in Australia]. So the purchaser has to present a certificate signed
by the appropriate authority saying that the owner of the public key
is over 18. But note that in the key-centric world the liquor seller
doesn't have to know who the purchaser is. The certificate that says
you are over 18 is a separate thing, not mixed up in an X.509 v3
certificate that also has your name, address and sexual preference.
So a question: you are the liquor seller. How do you want the information
about the "appropriate authority" that signs those "over 18" certificates? Do you want a name that can give you an X.509 certificate and a certificate chain from a directory service? Or do you think you should get hold of the
public key yourself in some way that gives you real confidence?
Bob Smart

@_date: 1995-10-09 17:02:51
@_author: Bob Smart 
@_subject: Re: Certificate proposal 
>  Hence the problem has no solution and we should not
 > waste much time on it.
Exactly. If a public key ONLY has an existence in cyberspace (as per
Pr0duct Cipher) then it is impossible to prove that they aren't
surrounded by a MITM cloud which is also seeing everything they
see without them knowing it.
It is important to be aware of this. However the importance is
perhaps mitigated by the following considerations:
1. Surrounding someone with such an MITM cloud is so hard as to
   be impossible for practical purposes. This will be more true
   if the person trying to establish a cyberspace identity can
   prove that they move around physically and use different service
   providers at different times [but then again perhaps if you
   do that you cease to be a purely cyberspace entity].
2. If the other end of the communication is a purely cyberspace
   entity then you can't possibly establish the sort of relationship
   which would enduce you to send them anything really secret. The
   possibility that there might be a baddy playing MITM is    infinitesimal compared to the probability that the other end
   is itself a baddy.
The time you will want to deal with a cyberspace entity is where
you are taking no risks and they are taking all the risks.
This will hopefully be the case when we are a seller and they are
the buyer. As long as we get the digital cash we don't care who
they are.
Apart from that we will always want some certificate that links the
public key to something in the real world. The point of the
key-centric approach is that that doesn't have to be a name or
something that contains a name. If we want to make sure the key
belongs to the person you were talking to last night then maybe you'd
like some biometric data: "five foot two, eyes of blue,...". And
of course the certificate is useless unless it is signed by a key
that we trust for that purpose.
Bob Smart
P.S. I hope my earlier posting were not interpreted as being critical
of the IPSEC effort. I strongly support it. It would be silly to
go to them and say "hold everything I think we need a whole new
security architecture". That is something for the future that we
are only just starting to think about. However I think the IPSEC
work confirms the difficulties of the current "name first then
key" approach. Whenever it is incorporated in any protocol from
network layer to application it makes the protocol at least twice
as complex and at least twice as hard to manage.

@_date: 1996-08-06 14:11:56
@_author: Bob Smart 
@_subject: view from Australia (Re: United States as Northern Ireland) 
In Australia the gun lobby are now deeply distrusted. During the
current crackdown on high powered and repeating weapons they have made
many statements, at all levels of their movement, that indicate that
they want the guns in order to kill people and to give themselves the
option of insurrection. Unlike the US this is not an activity that is
supported by the constitution and the people are strongly against it.
If we assume that the gun lobby will lose, [please I am not discussing
whether it *should* lose and I'm not interested in arguments on this
so send them to the list not to me], then supporters of privacy and
freedom through cryptography do the cause a great disservice by
associating themselves with the gun lobby.
In fact we are passing up a great chance to sell the cause of
communication freedom through cryptography by arguing:
  Communication privacy through cryptographic technology is a   necessary counter-balance to the inevitable increase in state   control of public spaces [in an age when weapons technology
  permits weapons that can kill large numbers of people to be
  easily concealed].
  Secure electronic communication is the freedom that carries no   direct risk to other people. It is the one that must be preserved   in a free society.
  The 1990s is the decade of the bloodless revolution built on
  the freedom of communication. Preserving free communication is
  the vital step in countering out-of-control governments and criminal
  organizations, and cryptography is the way to keep communication
  free.
I don't think this line of argument will appeal to cypherpunks but
if there are other organizations running this line I'd be keen to
support them.
Bob Smart
