
@_date: 1993-03-07 16:32:55
@_author: Steve Neal 
@_subject: Mailer weirdness 
[Disclaimer: this may very well be a dumb newbie-type thing]
The last two messages posted to the list by David Del Torto popped up in
my mailer with a long list of "Apparently To" fields, thus identifying
a bunch of list members.  This is something of a breach of privacy for anyone
who didn't want to be known as a cypherpunk.
    Beggin' your pardon if this strikes you as an amazingly lame thing to bring up; I'm relatively new to mailing lists and Internet, and my eyes
film over after relatively short exposure to the RFCs, so I ain't read all
the relevant ones yet.
   -- Steve

@_date: 1993-04-19 16:03:21
@_author: Sneal 
@_subject: The first casualty of war 
It appears that the opposition is using the old rhetorical trick
of "begging the question."  Rather than stating the important
question (which is "Should there be a key registration scheme?"),
they jump right over it to "Who will register the keys?".  The
purpose is to focus debate on the latter issue without anyone
stopping to examine the former.       However, two can play at that game, as in:
"Nobody seems to have thought about what will happen when Clipper is
"Developing a system that is "impervious" (to anyone but its developers)
required at least four years."      Sleazy?  Yeah.  Not that I'm advocating fighting fire with fire or

@_date: 1993-05-19 13:49:36
@_author: Sneal 
@_subject: BBSs under fire! 
I suspect that a lot of law enforcement agencies are worried
about their budgets right now, and in response, they've made a point
of going after easy targets with high publicity value: i.e.  people
who lack resources to mount a strong defense, and who are looked upon
with suspicion by the mainstream.  BBSs, Branch Davidians, and now
health food stores, fall nicely into this category.  To be a
successful bully, you've got to find victims who can't fight back.
     Further, if LawEnf can push a lot of hot buttons in their press
releases about the raid
("kiddypornterroristdrugdealingmurphybrownpotatoe"), they can count
on lots of media attention, which is always good when budget time
comes... politicians are reluctant to put the axe to the heroes of
the day.
     I also suspect that Big Brother is becoming peripherally aware
that the uncontrolled, unmonitored, and extremely rapid flow of information via "new media" (a disreputable phrase, but there ya go)
is a threat to the existing power structure.  Alvin Toffler does a good number on this in "Powershift" (nice title, thanks a LOT, Alvin;
why don't you just TELL the bad guys what's going on??!).  The spooks
and their bedfellows (ENCRYPTED OFFENSIVE STATEMENT FOLLOWS Bt
Epspuiz Efoojoh mjlft up tbz, "Uif OTB dbo bmxbzt gjmm jo uif ipmft!"
END OFFENSIVE STATEMENT) have always counted on being able to keep
tabs on who's saying what, and to find and squelch troublemakers that
get too far out of line.  The proliferation of BBSs drastically
increases the number of "pressure points" needed to control
information flows in any meaningful way.      Add strong crypto to geometrically expanding information paths,
and you've got a spook's nightmare.  Not only does the head of the NSA
have to hire new guys to monitor all the BBSs, but now he's got
to buy a bunch more Crays to keep up with the crypto traffic.  The poor
guy must be swimming in his shorts..."My GOD!  What if somebody SAYS
something BAD and I DON'T KNOW ABOUT IT??!".
  -- Steve

@_date: 1993-05-26 15:00:53
@_author: Sneal 
@_subject: Digital cash issuess... 
There's an interesting paper on offline cash systems by Stefan
Brands, who I believe is/was a student of David Chaum.  The abstract
"We present a new off-line electronic cash system based on a problem,
called the representation problem, of which little use has been made
in the literature thus far.  Our system is the first to be entirely
based on discrete logarithms.  Using the representation problem as a
basic concept, some techniques are introduced that enable us to
construct protocols for withdrawal and payment that do not use the
cut and choose methodology of earlier systems.  As a consequence, our
cash system is much more efficient in both computation and
communication complexity than previously proposed systems."
"Another import aspect of our system concerns its provability.  Contrary
to previously proposed systems, its correctness can be mathematically proven to a very great extent.  Specifically, if we make one plausible
assumption concerning a single hash-function, the ability to break the
systems seems to imply that one can break the Diffie-Hellman problem."
"Our system offers a number of extensions that are hard to achieve in previously known systems.  In our opinion, the most interesting of
these is that the entire cash system (including all the extensions)
can be incorporated straightforwardly in a setting based on wallets
with observers, which has the important advantage that
double-spending can be prevented in the first place, rather than
detecting the identity of a double-spender after the fact.  In
particular, in can be incorporated even under the most stringent
requirements conceivable about the privacy of the user, which seems
to be impossible to do with previously proposed systems.  Another
benefit of our system is that framing attempts by a bank have
negligible probability of success (independent of conputing power) by
a simple mechanism from within the system, which is something that
previous solutions lack entirely.  Furthermore, the basic cash system
can be extended to checks, multi-show cash and divisibility, while
retaining its computation efficiency."
[...some stuff elided...]
"...Using the representation problem, we show in the appendix how to
batch the confirmation protoocol of undeniable signatures such that
polynomially many undeniable signatures can be verified in four
The paper can be found at
 ftp.cwi.nl  /pub/CWIreports/AA/CS-R9323.ps.Z
   -- Steve

@_date: 1993-06-16 11:49:58
@_author: Sneal 
@_subject: Patent libraries 
Re west coast patent libraries:
  The two that I've personally used are the Sunnyvale patent library
(which Tim May mentioned in an earlier post) and the one at University
of Washington in Seattle.  The Sunnyvale library is the more complete,
with all patents (microfilm for older ones, paper for newer) and gazettes
availble.  UW only goes back to the mid-sixties or so, but I suspect
this will cover all crypto patents.
Eric asks:
  Both libraries mentioned above have CD-ROM facilities which you can
browse onsite.  To the best of my recollection, though, the CDs only
include abstracts and licensing information, and not the full text of
the patents.  I'll likely be back in the Sunnyvale area sometime in
the next couple of months, but in the meantime, someone might want to
verify my recollections about the CD-ROM info.  The CD-ROM reader at
the Sunnyvale library seems to be heavily utilized, so you might want
to call ahead and book some time on it.
  If you want to check out the UW library and you're not familiar with
the area, stop at the UW Visitor's Centre first, or risk getting lost
in a strange and bizarre environment.
  Canadians looking for patent info... don't bother, unless you're in
the Ottawa/Hull area, are near a university that has the stuff on CD,
or have sufficient connections to get the stuff through CTIS at a
reasonable price.  Our government (now headed by the flakiest female
PC politician this side of Hilary Clinton ) seems to have granted exclusive rights to patent
distribution to some bogus little microfiche company in Hull
(MicroMedia) that wants some ungodly per-page charge for copying.
  -- Steve

@_date: 1993-07-06 20:08:19
@_author: Sneal 
@_subject: We are becoming politically correct sheep 
I am slightly dubious of the wisdom of Tim's switch-and-bate on
a.b.p.e.c. for a couple of reasons:
a) The possibility of some media nitwit hearing about the initial
post and missing Tim's "retraction" (or ignoring it in the interests
of a great big ol' byline).  Nightmarish possibilities abound,
particularly given the subtle nature of the "clue" in the PGP block.
b) In a more paranoid moment some months ago, I predicted that the
NSA would be waiting for a chance to work a PGP angle into some
sensational story that creates a lot of public outcry.  Linking PGP
to terrorism, drug dealing, or kiddie porn would be a great first
step towards getting some laws against "unlicensed cryptography" on
the books.  I'm less worried about Tim giving the TLAs any ideas (I'm
sure they have lots of bright "media relations" people already) than
I am about him inspiring real pornographers (or agent provocateurs).
c) Personally, I think that the fewer excuses one gives busybodies to
"make policy", the better.  However, what with Clipper, Markey, Gore,
Denning, Sternlight, et al, the cat's already out of the bag.  We can
only sigh and wish that these beknighted ones had viewed with alarm
the excess profits and price gouging of the haircutting industry, and
the need to balance unbridled free enterprise with the tonsorial
rights of the public.
  However - tickling a few neurons may very well have been worth the
risks noted above.
  In response to Tim's later post about freedom of speech, J. Eric
  In arguing the fine points of Dworkinism, pornography, capitalization of proper nouns, etc., I think Eric misses Tim's point,
which is (I think) that the current movement of society is from
Forbidding actions that cause harm to others
             to
Forbidding actions and speech that might offend others, or make them
uncomfortable, or hurt their feelings.
  This is an obviously not a happy thing.  While not offending others
is an admirable goal, I am going to disagree with Tim May if he
claims that he can levitate given the right mix of ginseng, pig
knuckles, and spiritual harmony.  Tim may be emotionally crushed by
this, but that's life.  If things keep on the way they are, in a few
years, Tim will have the option of taking me to the Spiritual
Tribunal and having me busted for emotional assault, where I'll be
sentenced to three to five years at hard consciousness-raising.
  There's an excellent article on this issue by Jonathan Rauch in the
April 93 issue of 'Reason'; this is an excerpt from his book "Kindly
Inquisitors: The New Attack On Free Thought".  Rauch's thesis is that
the very humanitarian goal of making sure that nobody's feelings are
hurt is incompatible with the free inquiry and lively discourse that
are necessary parts of a free society.
  To those of you who think "it can't happen here", I would refer you
to Canada's "hate speech" laws, which make it a criminal offense to
"promote hatred against an identifiable group".  To date, the only
well-known charges under these laws have been against couple of
Holocaust revisionists; however, the definitions of "promoting
hatred" and "identifiable group" are vague enough to make this
country a somewhat dangerous place to have unpopular views, even
disregarding the tremendous leverage this law gives governments to
step on anyone who gets too far out of line.
  "It's the First Amendment, stupid."
  -- Steve

@_date: 1993-08-06 12:30:13
@_author: Sneal 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks, keep your humour dry 
and Ed Carp replies:
  An engineer was attending a convention, and after a hard day of
conventioneering, returned to his hotel room and feel asleep.  About
3 AM, he woke up and smelled smoke, and realized there was a fire in
his room!  He immediately leaped out of bed, grabbed the fire
extinguisher, and let loose at the base of the flames.  After 30
seconds of spraying, the fire went out.  The engineer went back to
  A couple of months later, a physicist attended a physics convention
at the same hotel, and coincidentally was given the same room.  One
night during the convention, the physicist awoke and found the room
on fire!  The physicist grabbed a notepad and calculator from the bedside
table, and made some calculations.  He then picked up the fire
extinguisher, and made a quick squirt at a point a few feet from the
flames.  The fire immediately went out, and the physicist went back to
  A couple of months after that, a mathematician attended a
mathematics convention at the same hotel, and sure enough, was given
the same hotel room.  After spending the day in seminars, the
mathematician returned to her hotel room and went promptly to sleep.
Some time later, she awoke to find the hotel room on fire!  She
quickly grabbed a notepad from the bedside table, made some
calculations, said, "There is a solution in principle", went back to
sleep and burned to death.
   -- Steve
      sneal

@_date: 1993-08-12 08:38:11
@_author: Sneal 
@_subject: ONE BBSCON 
Unfortunately, I'm coming from the north, so I can't offer you a lift.  However, while we're on the subject, I'm wondering if any
arrangements have been made to distribute anti-Clipper material at
the con.  I'd be happy to distribute flyers or what-have-you, but
they'd have to reach the show by other means; I'm not willing to
carry such seditious material across the US/Canada border.
  I hope that EFF will have a presence at the show* as they did last
year, and can sow some further seeds of discontent among the
non-Internet online world, many parts of which don't seem aware of
the Clipper debacle.  Any comments from the EFF folks hereabouts?
  -- Steve
     sneal
* I had a great time arguing with Shari Steele and accusing her of
"dancing with the Devil" w/ reference to backing then-Senator Gore's
Data Superhighway proposal.  Very libertarially-incorrect position to
take, Shari. :-)
