
@_date: 1996-02-13 10:30:33
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Firewall USA to Firewall China 
At the meeting on saturday the idea of a Firewall USA was discussed.
Here's a quote from Jim Clark CEO of Netscape on the idea of a Firewall
China, just for comparison.
Q: The Chinese government has declared its intention to filter out
  what it considers to be objectionable material from the Internet. If
  you were a consultant for the Chinese government, what technology
  would you recommend that they use to do that?
  A: A lot of people think that's not possible. It's difficult to enforce,
  but it's certainly possible. A corporation has a so-called fire wall -- a
  single point of entry into the corporate net. You can have a country
  that has a single point of entry into its "country net." It's doable. All
  you need, though, is one breach of security, and there's a leak.
  A fire wall is a filter -- it filters and doesn't let certain people come in.
  You can only come in if you have the right permission. So you could
  easily set that up so that it would filter out your objectionable
  material.
this is a temp .sig

@_date: 1996-02-18 12:26:15
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Indian Reservations 
A indian reservation sure beats moving to the Turks and Caicos. Well maybe not the weather part, but anyway in recent times I believe that several local governments have challenged the indian gaming enterprises. I recall a report on NPR about a challenge in Deleware or New Hampshire by a group of townspeople that was on the edge of a reservation. The indians won the case and were allowed to continue. Because of the new wealth generated by the bingo parlors and poker tables, the various tribes have gotten lobbying power in  So I think that indian reservation sovernignty has grown in recent years, and would be very intresting course to pursue.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-02-18 12:32:40
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Indian Reservations Redux 
Here's a bit I turned up after a Alta Vista search.
A sample from this page follows;
Why Indian Reservations Make Good Offshore
Manufacturing Sites for Foreign and Outside Investors
STATUS OF THE RESERVATION IN AMERICAN LAW
The reservation can be compared to as an Export Processing Zone. It represents an autonomous region
within the U.S.A.; wherein, Tribal law can stipulate the exemption from State taxes and from other laws
which otherwise exist in the State. The net result being... a cost savings to the investor
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-02-18 13:16:14
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Indian Reservations USC cites 
Ok, one last thing on indian reservations. There is a searchable database of the United States Code at the following address;
Title 25 covers Indians.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-02-23 07:38:44
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Re: IBM Breakthrough? 
Does this IBM breakthough mean they can go back in time and not hire Bill Gates to do DOS?
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.6.2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

@_date: 1996-03-06 12:56:52
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Re: EFF Statement on Leahy/Burns/Murray Crypto Bill 
I'm a little confused by this phrase from the bill. It seems to be
saying just that export needs to be authorized if the software is already exportable from the U.S. and if to a financial institution.
 I know that can't be right, but what is the translation of this

@_date: 1996-03-22 20:49:30
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: A funny story 
I was driving on the Foothill Expressway in Palo Alto today when
I came to a stop at a light. I glanced over at the car next to me and noticed that someone had left thier keys in the door lock.  So being the good cypherpunk that I am I jumped out and grabbed the keys from the lock, then knocked on the window. The passenger rolled down the window and accepted the keys back. Much to my surprise the passenger was none other than Whitfield Diffie.
 Very goofily I exclaimed, "aren't you Whifield Diffie!?". "Yes, who are you", was the reply. "I'm a cypherpunk", I retorted. I'm not sure his exact reply by I think it was along the "excellent" lines. I got handshakes from he and his driver.

@_date: 1996-06-16 17:08:41
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Netscape Mail Security and PGP Plugins 
There hasn't been a lot of discussion on this list about the future
of secure e-mail via Netscape. The most i've seen has come from
Raph Levien on the standards battle between S/Mime and other various
implementations including one using PGP. Raph has said at various
Cypherpunks meetings now that( and not wanting to totally put words in
his mouth) the PGP based implementations have lost ground to S/MIME.
 The reason I believe that this whole area has received so little
quarter on the list is that either few people use Netscape for e-mail
and that few people actually send encrypted e-mail.
 I'm going to try and put together a compendium of web links on this so it's a little easier to track the developments and various schemes.
 At the second to last Cypherpunks Bay Area meeting we had a discussion
of crypto GUI's. It's my opinion that Netscape would be an excellent
place to start because it does encryption relatively seemlessly.
Incorporating S/MIME into the mail would be a great step forward in
bringing easy crypto to the general community. Any PGP plugin I would
hope eleviate the many UI problems PGP has.
 A couple of questions I have right off the bat are;
 1. In Hal's Java mail encryptor, what are the legal aspects of
sending code across that contains crypto?
 2. Can any plugin access the Netscape Mail program.
 3. When is S/MIME going to be in Netscape, I tried to find info on the
web site but thier statements about S/MIME seem vague.
 I hope I'm not running over old ground, but this has to be alot more
intresting than discussing that PBS show!
Greg Kucharo

@_date: 1996-06-16 17:25:29
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Netscape Mail Security and PGP Plugins 
Actually there is a web page covering quite a bit
This is Raph's page and is still under construction. The whole gist of
my last mail was to level more discussion at using Netscape and browsers
in general as a low common denominator way of getting more crypto out

@_date: 1996-08-13 15:05:02
@_author: "Greg Kucharo" 
@_subject: Rumors of death of Anguilla Data are greatly exaggerated 
In the Swiss system, who dictates to the banks thier policies about who
and what they can store?  Do the banks have enough influence to sway
lawmakers?  It seems to me that the issue is not illegality, but rather if
the depositor is a viable political entity with "something on the other
guy".  When the Nazis or Columbian drug dealers are still in power, the
Swiss look the other way.  As soon as these types fall to other forces, the
Swiss hand over the goods to the victors.  I think if you were to
sucessfully store information that a large power finds personally
objectionable, the best solution is to play  both sides.  Scenario; The
U.S. leans on the Anguilla authorities to close down Vince.  Vince goes to
the British consulate and negotiates for the depositing of some nasty
information about the Queen or something.  The British lean on the
Americans to lay off.
  A little far feteched but you get the idea.  And it would work in the
majority of situations.  I bet money stashed by Hitler and Goebbels got
confiscated after World War II.  But Gerhard Whelen got his loot when he
linked up with the CIA.
Greg Kucharo
"People want chaos for about 5 minutes.  Then they want some money and a backrub."
                                -Bruce Sterling

@_date: 1996-08-14 13:17:49
@_author: "Greg Kucharo" 
@_subject: Anguilla...etc. 
While Tim may be right that nobility is lost when backing down to the
authorities, the fact is that this game has little to do with noble
purposes.  Check that, obvious noble purposes.  While most on this list
would agree that free flow of information is noble we have all seen that
this is otherwise with people in power.  As I stated in my last post, the
Swiss have maintained thier "haven" for many years by playing both sides. In accomodating everyone they avoid harassment.
   This way the Swiss maintain a good system and live to fight another day.
Greg Kucharo
"People want chaos for about 5 minutes.  Then they want some money and a backrub."
                                -Bruce Sterling

@_date: 1996-08-16 13:19:00
@_author: "Greg Kucharo" 
@_subject: Re: Anguilla...etc. 
I guess the point I was trying to make all along is this; Is a data haven
going to be a security through obscurity operation?  This is what the Swiss
have with secret bank accounts, etc.  Or will it be an operation where the
operator of the system lets whatever on, and hopes he won't get prosecuted.
In Island in the Net, the haven were physical.  The authorities got to them
eventually.  Vince's system is restricted by physical laws.  There will
always be a finite array of information he can present without putting the
whole operation on the line.
  Is he still a data haven then?  I believe so.  But through creative
diplomacy he could balance the powers that bind him.  How well he or anyone
else does this is the key to the range of information presented.

@_date: 1996-08-16 13:04:00
@_author: "Greg Kucharo" 
@_subject: Re: Anguilla - A DataHaven? 
The only ideal I can think of would be the fictional "Port Watson".  What
is you had a system that spanned countries, using the internet as a linking
device.  It would be the same service.  But when you specified the kind of
data you wanted to post, the system would route it to the appropriate
server in a country where it wasn't illegal.

@_date: 1996-08-16 14:53:12
@_author: "Greg Kucharo" 
@_subject: Physical Havens 
Let's take a look at the successful havens of history.
1.  Hashishim( Old man of the mountains)-The Aga Khan survived thousands of
years of harassment by the surrounding powers by placing a few well choosen
2. The monastic system- These whole setup was an excellent model.  The
monks were burrowed away in those places for centuries.  The church built
them like fortresses to withstand the heathens, both mentally and
physically.  The original "data warehouse".
3. The pirate havens- Places like the carribbean(originally), then
Madagasgar(last).  Pirate havens did business for everyone.
4. The silk routes- The trading centers of the old silk road sprang up
overnight then vanished.  Original anonymous trade.
  All of these physical havens eventually fell to the persistance of the
major powers of the day. Or were co-opted by others who absorbed the
critical black market features of these systems.
Greg Kucharo
"Eppur si moeve" -Galileo

@_date: 1996-09-09 15:49:12
@_author: "Greg Kucharo" 
@_subject: Re: Conservation Laws, Money, Engines, and Ontology 
One thing that occurs here.  I imagine a scenario where you have a
"share" of resources on a system(and ISP for example).  You're metered as
to how much you can post or store.  Actually as it is now posting is
regulated through extra payments per meg above the limit.  Spam is being
somewhat regulated by Terms of Service type things, but my point is what is
to prevent pooling resources among several system to achive the same Spam
pursuits some have.  Say for example that an individual gets several
accounts to balance the load at thier point.  The Usenet for example has no
 "choke point".  How could ISP's apply conservation here?  If you limit the
amount of traffic you still aren't holding back the flow of "spam".
  Here's where reputations could come in.  You cound't open a new account
anywhere without a good "reputation".  This could aid in balancing the load
of certain people.
Greg Kucharo
"Eppur si moeve" -Galileo

@_date: 1996-09-10 13:41:57
@_author: "Greg Kucharo" 
@_subject: Re: Conservation Laws, Money, Engines, and Ontology 
I assume you mean this applies to both parties.  The ISP has resources
that I want to purchase.  I have monetary resources it wants in return. Here's an idea; a contract socket.  This socket negotiates a info exchange
deal based on a base of variables that you have programmed it with.  The
exchange is made and money changes hands.  Build in the usual things like
reputation checking and what not to verify that the other guy meets the
variables outlined(or at least can be trusted to).
  ???????????????????????????????????????
Greg Kucharo
"Eppur si moeve" -Galileo

@_date: 1996-09-25 16:51:52
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Anonymous Mail at US Post 
I don't know if anyone else has seen this, but I was mailing letters
in the "out front" boxes the other day when I noticed a sign.  The sign
said that all packages 16 ounces or over had to be taken inside for
disposal into the mail slot. The obvious explanation being that even
though you can abstain from marking a return address, the postal
inspectors would like a nice photo of you with your mail.
Greg Kucharo
 "If you want facts, buy an almanac"

@_date: 1996-09-26 15:36:07
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Re: Dyson on anonymity (in WSJ article on our challenge to GA net law) 
I'm glad to see that Ms. Dyson has come around to our way of
thinking:-).

@_date: 1996-09-26 15:39:00
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Re: Bernstein hearing: The Press Release 
I fail to see how the Executive can simply avoid the authority and
oversight of the Judicial. Are there other circumstances of this? From
my constitutional reading the Judiciary has the right to review any law
passed by Congress.  The Executive only has the power to enforce, not to
unilaterally pass rules unrelated to enforcement.

@_date: 1996-09-28 06:15:03
@_author: Greg Kucharo 
@_subject: Re: "Soul Catcher" Computer Chip (fwd) 
I think this lends new meaning to the phrase,"been there, done that".
Greg Kucharo

@_date: 1996-10-23 22:51:58
@_author: "Greg Kucharo" 
@_subject: Re: Holding Netscape's and Microsoft's Feet to the Fire 
The truly frightening thing here is that Bill gates has come out more
often on the strong crypto side than Netscape, Apple, IBM and just about
everyone else.  Why is this?  Has Justice crapped on him once too often,
and now he's looking for payback?
  At first I thought that it may be that Microsoft has big financial
transaction plans.  If this were true, they would probably get the leniency
that banks and others get for crypto.   So what is it? Here is my theory, if you will indulge me for a minute; It
was a dark and stormy...uh middle of the afternoon in Redmond.  Bill is at
his desk reading the latest sales figures for Windows and Office 95.  "600
million, hot shit! But I grow bored with commonplace software, I need new
money schem..uh challenges".  Somehow Bill finds his way into Building 666
on the Microsoft campus.  The building is home to Microsoft's Security and
Crypto division.  He hails a young minion. "Here my son, what have you done
for me today?" The young man gulps, "Uh well let me see Mr Gates...".
Suddenly Bill notices the boy's shirt. It is black, on the front are
printed the words; "This T-Shirt is a Munition".  Under the words are a few
lines of code.  Because they are not Basic, Bill is confused. He blurts
out,"Say that isn't Java is it!". "No Mr. Gates, it's Perl. This is the RSA
code implemented in it." Bill says,"I see, carry on my boy". The young man
scurries back to his office.
  Suddenly it strikes Gates like the first time he envisioned the DOS
liscening scheme. "Munitions! Hot shit, weapons on a floppy I could make
billions! I could arm the whole world with Microsoft weapons of software
and dominate any governments who got in my way! Then I could have Larry
Ellison and Marc Andressen and any other punks who made fun of me locked
away".    I'm sure it didn't happen just this way.  It's quite possible that Bill
gates never says "hot shit".
