
@_date: 1998-02-04 01:48:49
@_author: steve 
@_subject: BSAFE 4.0 to force GAK?! 
Jan. 26's Network World has an article on page 33 titled "RSA blasts
(but also supports) Government encryption policy".
The paragraph of note is the fourth paragraph which reads:"The next
version of the RSA encryption toolkit, BSAFE 4.0, will force those
building products with anthing over 56 bit strength encryption to use a
key-recovery center for exportable products...."
I haven't been able to confirm this with other sources yet but the
glaring question is how will this be enforced and how will it affect
domestic products that wish to use BSAFE 4.0 for their crypto. Further
what ramifications does this hold for their S/Mail toolkit for S/MIME?
and I haven't seen this discussed on the list yet.
Steve O

@_date: 1998-02-05 03:10:43
@_author: "Steve Orrin" 
@_subject: HUMOR: Bill Gates gets it, True CNN Story!! 
A Picture Tells A Thousand Words.
                    STEGO

@_date: 1998-02-23 08:40:29
@_author: "Steve Orrin" 
@_subject: FYI!!!! - NETA to buy TIS 
Hot off the Press:
Monday February 23, 10:21 am Eastern Time
Trusted Information Systems to Be Acquired by Network Associates
TRUSTED INFORMATION SYSTEMS INC. Signs Definitive Agreement to Be Acquired
Network Associates Inc.
Feb. 23, 1998, Network Associates Inc. (Nasdaq:NETA - news) and Trusted
Information Systems Inc. (Nasdaq:TISX -
news) said they signed a definitive agreement under which NETA will acquire
TISX in a transaction valued at over
Each TISX share will be exchanged for 0.323 of a NETA share.
Subject to approval by TISX stockholders, among other conditions, the
transaction is expected to close within about 90 days. A Picture Tells A Thousand Words.
                    STEGO

@_date: 1998-02-23 11:01:29
@_author: "Steve Orrin" 
@_subject: PGP's Response 
The following is PGP's official response (from there web site) to the TIS
acquisition by NETA. What it infers is that while PGP for Personal use
won't (at least until NETA decides otherwise) incorporate TIS technology,
it leaves the door wide open for PGP for Business use....
Network Associates and Key Recovery
With the acquisition of Trusted Information Systems (TIS) by
Network Associates, NAI has added a new technology to its product
portfolio -- key recovery. This TIS-developed technology
addresses the market needs for encryption key recovery and
management. NAI will continue to provide this technology to the
NAI's PGP product group already provides the capability for
corporations to recover information from PGP products deployed in
corporate environments. The requirement for this capability from
corporations has been evident and well-known for quite sometime. However, NAI does not believe there is a need for key recovery in
PGP products for the individual. NAI will develop and market
products that its customers need and want but will not include
any technology that is not required by its customers.
A Picture Tells A Thousand Words.
                    STEGO
