
@_date: 1998-03-20 18:10:17
@_author: Spammer 
@_subject: New Champion! / Re: Complaints about spam are TRUE theft of services 
While TruthMonger's initial post, "Does Spamming Really Exist," was
obviously an attempt to lure Ross Wright out of the lair from which
he lurks, furtively monitoring the CypherPunks list, his secondary goal was undoubtedly to laugh up his sleeve at the posters who would
inundate the list with a quantity of yea-nay's which would vastly
exceed the amount of spam which is passed on to subscribers of the
unfiltered toad.com CypherPunks list.
A communique from TruthMonger, shortly before he transmorgatized into
his 'Spammer' persona, informed me that he felt Paul Merrill had earned the title of Chief Spammer SpokesPerson/Champion, despite the
heartfelt compliment that Ross Wright gave TM in one of his missives.
The concept of the spam-complainer being the true spammer on any given mailing list, by virtue of setting off a mountain of posts
which are in all likelyhood off-topic and meant to appeal only
to the knee-jerk reactions of jerks with knees, is completely in
line with the theory that the only posts which are truly off-topic
on the CypherPunks lists are those which complain about off-topic
There is a case currently before the Supreme Court of Canada which
is continuing, despite the original plaintiffs having settled out
of court, without government intervention, which will decide whether gay couples will be allowed to get butt-fucked under the
same vague, arbitrary and capricious laws as those which are
used to ruin the lives of the heterosexual citizens.
Even radical femnists have had the common sense not to petition
the government to ensure women equal representation in the gas
chambers of America.
Radical anti-spammers should take note...

@_date: 1998-03-20 18:09:31
@_author: Spammer 
@_subject: S p a m  H a i k u  / [Repost] 
S p a m  H a i k u :
Blue can of steel
What promise do you hold?
Salt flesh so ripe
Can of metal, slick
Soft center, so cool, moistening
I yearn for your salt
Twist, pull the sharp lid
Jerks and cuts me deeply but
Spam, aah, my poultice
Silent, former pig
One communal awareness
Myriad pink bricks
Clad in metal, proud
No mere salt-curing for you
You are not bacon
And who dares mock Spam?
You? you? you are not worthy
Of one rich pink fleck
Like some spongy rock
A granite, my piece of Spam
In sunlight on my plate
Little slab of meat
In a wash of clear jelly
Now I heat the pan
Oh tin of pink meat
I ponder what you may be:
Snout or ear or feet?
In the cool morning
I fry up a slab of Spam
A dog barks next door
Pink tender morsel
Glistening with salty gel
What the hell is it?
Ears, snouts and innards
A homogeneous mass
Pass another slice
Old man seeks doctor
"I eat Spam daily", he says.
Highly unnatural
The tortured shape of this "food"
A small pink coffin
Pink beefy temptress
I can no longer remain

@_date: 1998-03-20 18:09:40
@_author: Spammer 
@_subject: Spam-Busters versus  Spam-Protection Racket / Re: Does Spamming Really Exist? 
The thievery is taking place at the ISP level.
I live in the boondocks where the phone company charged $5.00 per hour for InterNet access, until they lost their monopoly, after
which their rates magically dropped to $1.00 per hour.
My hook-up rate remains around that rate because of competing
ISP's being required to pay vigorish to the government-owned
teleco, far beyond their actual costs.
If I lived in the 'big city', then I would be able to avail myself
of the $19.95-unlimited-connection charges. Thus, any 'spam' I
received would only cost me my time and energy, as opposed to
the money that the teleco robs me of under cover of their government-supported monopoly.
NEWS FLASH!!!
You were born into a world where even your momma's tit competed
for your attention, time and energy.
When your mother's breast-milk dried up, did you petition the
government to have her tit imprisoned under 'Truth In Advertising'
laws? Did you demand that the government force her to refrain
from bringing her tit into your  presence, where it would compete
for your time, attention and energy?
When my mother's breast-milk dried up, I learned to reach for the
bottle (as Anheiser-Busch will gladly verify).
In all of my time on the InterNet, I have responded to and enriched
only one (count 'em, *1*) of the personages who have sent an
unsolicited email to my account. In doing so, however, I have
effectively endorsed the value (be it in an exceedingly minor way)
of those who bring their UCE/Spam to my attention.
You take the position that your ISP 'wastes bandwidth' handling
'spam'. If you are paying them to do so, without requiring that
they provide you with an option in return for the money that you
are paying them, this is not the fault of those who deem that
you may be interested in their product/cause/bullshit.
As well, since the 'spammers' are obviously receiving a response
that makes it worth their while to continue their efforts, it
is obvious that others on your ISP may not regard their missives
as wasted bandwidth.
Sometime ago, plaidworks.com complained about someone 'abusing'
their system by subscribing the CypherPunks list, among others,
to their massive mailings. The fact of the matter was, they left
their system open to being 'used' in the manner it was, in order
to gain maximum profit without going to the expense of putting safeguards in place which would prevent others from using the
resources they made available to the InterNet for their own
NEWS FLASH!!!
The InterNet is a communal endeavor. Resources are shared among
those who choose to actively participate in the infrastructure
and the technologies of which it is composed.
Those who wish to participate in only a portion of the activity
and resources shared on the InterNet can do so if they are
willing to take the actions required to limit their participation
and/or exposure on the InterNet.
I do not use Gopher. The use that others make of the program is
not a 'theft of services' that 'wastes' the bandwidth of my ISP.
My ISP does not provide Telnet access. They do so in order to
prevent me from availing myself of cheaper services which are
available at ISP's which are not restrained by their monopoly
To me, *this* is 'denial of service.'
Because of the armed robbery of the government-monopoly ISP
that is available to me, it costs me an unacceptable amount of
money to go to USENET. I don't go there.

@_date: 1998-03-20 18:49:02
@_author: Spammer 
@_subject: Fucking Sheeple / Re: Does Spamming Really Exist? 
Then I would be a fucking idiot for willingly giving my business to
a phone company that  would allow this.
The fact is, the only phone company available to me is a monopoly
who will no doubt institute this 'feature' because of your suggestion.
I will have them forward my bill to you...
Then they should expend the time, energy and resources that will
enable them to deny the use of their commonly shared resources
with members of the InterNet community which they do not wish
to support.
The InterNet is a shared resource. If the ISP does not want to
share certain resources with this-or-that entity on the communal
resource of the Net, then they can configure their system to
deny reciprocal services to their fellow Netizens.
Perhaps they should spend their time configuring their systems to
allow what they feel is most useful to their customers, and tell
those who complain to go somewhere else.
I will petition the government to pass laws to prevent your ISP from spamming me with posts such as this, which reflect nothing
more than the standard Sheeple position that anything which you do not personally desire should be outlawed.
"That which is not permitted, is forbidden."
~ Animal Farm
