
@_date: 1997-01-07 16:14:26
@_author: Starr 
@_subject: About ICF(International Cryptography Framework) 
Has anyone heard anything or been paying attention to the development of
the ICF(International Cryptography Framework) standard.  This seems to
be an attempt of the US Gov and a FEW of our favorite corps to
completely control cryptography standards as well as to have the keys to
all cryptographical content.
The only information I've found so far is on HP's website
I've also managed to get a hold of Ray Bamford (ray_bamford HP
who seems to have some PR role in this wool over the eyes attempt.  It
seems to be just another (souped-up, in disguise attempt at the clipper
chip except on an International basis).
When I spoke to him he told me that the only information that has been
issued is what you seen in the technical paper, and that the info they
have is extremely exclusive, even if you are a legitimate company
working on cryptography issues, etc.
Check it out...I would definitely like to hear your opinions as well as
if any of you have more information on this subject(newsgroups, mail
lists, etc).

@_date: 1997-01-09 00:10:53
@_author: "Pass me another!" 
@_subject: Re: About ICF(International Cryptography Framework) 
Thanks a ton...I appreciate it...I checked them out.  They say that this
tech may not be available for some time...however, I feel that may not
be necessarily true...tech is coming and going much faster these days
and according to Ray Bamford's stance at HP, he seems to think that this
may soon(within the next year) become a viable reality.  Can I ask what
your stance and views are on this issue?  And any ideas as to what we as
a community can do about this NAZI-istic progression of freedoms??

@_date: 1997-01-10 16:23:52
@_author: "Pass me another!" 
@_subject: Re: Trade secrets / moderator liability 
So YOU think the moderator of the list should be held responsible?  You
say it is an interesting public policy issue....mmm..I guess for
bootlickers who want to control the flow of data freely in the public
forum......Nay I say...it is ridiculous to even think that.  The
moderator is providing a platform for other people to converse.  And
since this is an UNMODERATED group...mmm??...Besides....I guess your not
very familiar or even sympathetic to the hacker's creedo are you? Knowledge is power....and if only the few have power...well..no checks
and balances...
If a company is worried about thier special little secret...well..it's
there damned responsiblity to make sure it stays a secret...and well if
it gets out...ie...they were stupid enough not to have the appropriate
security measures...well..I guess it would no longer be a secret then,
correct?  Man..can't anyone take responsibility for thier own actions
anymore??  What the fuck is wrong with this country??....Land of the free??...YEAH
BAH HUMBUG.

@_date: 1997-01-12 22:23:00
@_author: "Pass me another!" 
@_subject: Re: RSA over Rubics cube? 
well....I guess you didn't want a reply to your real email address,
considering you'd be flamed like a 'mother$  anyways....Just so
YOU know I figured out the infamous Rubik's cube when I was 9 years
old...no solution book, nothing, and beat the world record(ooooo what an
accomplishment).  I just figured it out...so if I was 9.........geee what do you think?  I could sit down and give you the mathmatical
computations...but I have better things to do.  I hope your just trying
to have a better understanding of cryptography standards, and future
methods.  Maybe reading some information on algorithms....that might
help....maybe calc 101  or ignorant 111..or jeez...do you even know

@_date: 1997-01-13 00:00:17
@_author: "Pass me another!" 
@_subject: Re: BoS:  InfoWarCon6 - Brussels, Belgium 
Freedomistsssss....beware.  Get involved.
Or we lose!
