
@_date: 1993-11-16 22:16:36
@_author: spin@iastate.edu 
@_subject: Re: BAN Detweiler(WHAT A LOON) 
Did you really need to say this anonymously?  I favor anonymity for
a lot of uses and reasons.  I do not feel that a call to ban some one
is a legitimate reason to use this ability.  How can we guage the
feeling of the mailing-list when the voters are anonymous and therefore
could vote as often as they like? If you feel as though he should
be removed I do not feel that saying so anonymously does anything.
Unless of course you are Detweiler trying to provoke us into
agreeing to perceived censorship on your part.  In any case I may choose to ignore his messages ala killfiles but I do
not feel that canning him is useful (it would only egg him on) nor
ethical.  My personal feelings about him do not affect my decision to censor him.
I personally find his rantings to be useless (not all rants, just his)
and largely redundant and my kill file may contain him soon.  (Actually
I hate the killfile idea.... he may one day say something utterly profound
that I might miss out on.)
Oh, uh, I am rather new and I am having a wonderful time wading through
all my mail from all of you.  Particulary the procmail automation of

@_date: 1993-11-18 13:07:17
@_author: instead of just having it processed 
@_subject: send mail for more details 
Hmm... I recently discovered that though we have man pages for
procmail installed the executable doesn't seem to be there.
If you read this (instead of just having it processed) could
you direct me to anywhere I could get the source to procmail?

@_date: 1993-11-18 13:36:36
@_author: spin@iastate.edu 
@_subject: Sorry... 
I am terribly sorry about the last message.  The Cc: escaped my attention.
I shall be more careful in the future.

@_date: 1994-02-14 10:31:30
@_author: Aran Christopher Cox 
@_subject: Re: Strategies for getting encryption in widespread use QUICKLY 
rarachel (Arsen Ray Arachelian):
Should be reasonably easy to implement depending on at what point.
A drop in replacement for serial.device (most all term programs and BBS's would most likely support this) wouldn't be healthy as at
the handshaking would have to be done unencrypted until a session-key
was established.  Perhaps if the serial.device were written to use
the normal serial.device and except a certain escape sequence that
could be sent to the serial.device as normal output that would
be intercepted as a key of some sort.  Other options include a shared library that an application would have
to look for and use.  (This would of course involve a rewrite of
all the term soft, etc.)  In any case, a sorta standard using pgp to exchange session keys
seems like a good idea.  Something worth noting though, the internet
is a packet network and most bbs via modem just stream things don't they?
I suppose you might have to use a stream cipher or just have the BBS/Term soft wait until you have an IDEA blocks worth, or a certain
time limit then crypt and send.
