
@_date: 1993-02-14 13:38:28
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: BattleZone 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
ATTENTION:  Cypherpunks and Extropians--Free Fun
For those of you who live in the San Francisco Bay Area, or will
be visiting 25-26 February, you are invited to play a free game
at BattleZone.  BattleZone is an indoor, paintball combat field.
On the morning of either the 25th or the 26th, Channel 2 will be
doing a live report on BattleZone.
If you are interested in being televised while playing this very
intense, high adrenaline game, send me an e-mail note with your
voice phone numbers and the best times to get in touch with you.
I will call and/or e-mail you with details.
     S a n d y                         ssandfort

@_date: 1993-02-14 13:41:12
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Computer Game Software 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
ATTENTION:  Cypherpunks and Extropians--South East Asian Markets
If you are involved with recreational or educational software, I
can assist you or your company to distribute it overseas.  I have
a very aggressive, very reliable business associate in Singapore,
who would like to distribute your computer game and educational
software throughout South East Asia.
If you would like to know more, let me know and I will get in
touch with you.  This is a very easy way for you to increase the
profitability of your software products.
     S a n d y                         ssandfort

@_date: 1993-02-18 09:56:43
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Trapdoors 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
I'm relatively new to the list, so this may be an idea that's
already been dealt with.  If so, please let me know off-line.
PGP was created as an end-run to legislation that would have
mandated trapdoors in all encryption hardware/software sold in
the U.S.   Fortunately, such legislation has been defeated to
How do we know the proposed legislation wasn't just a smoke
screen?  Isn't it possible that the Feds have already compromised
Intel or MicroSoft?  Is there some way to be sure that the new
486 chip running your computer isn't recording each PGP or RSA
private key you generate?
     S a n d y                         ssandfort

@_date: 1993-02-19 07:10:51
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: LIST RULES 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
    "Keith, Kenneth . . . I am uninterested in censorship of
    discussion of *any* topic on mailing lists through my
    machine . . .  the machine is attached via a worldwide
    network that explicitly promises not to censor any
    traffic UNLESS AND UNTIL a court of law --not you -- has
    decided that that traffic is actually illegal."
Because I agree COMPLETELY with what John wrote, I'm somewhat
miffed at him for his seeming lack of constituency.  Recently, I
posted a notice on this list about a software business contact I
have in South East Asia.  John sent me a terse note asking me not
to "advertise" on the list.
I was a bit surprised at his response for several reasons.
First, a founding Cypherpunk regular, Tim May, suggested I post
my question the list when I asked him if he knew anyone working
on recreational software.  Second, I have had several polite
enquiries from list members who where interested in what I
posted.  Finally, nobody else was offended enough to complain.
I sent a respectful note to John asking him, among other things,
if I had violated some prohibition of which I was unaware.
John's response was:
    "Please consider this message a prohibition against
    advertising.  Apparently nobody else on the list needed
    to hear it, except you, since you are the first person
    to abuse the list in this way."
Now I fully agree that it's John's ball, and I will play by his
rules, but I find it hard to reconcile John's public tolerance
with his private prohibition.  Does ANYONE else feel abused?  I
hope not.  What do others on this list think about "commercial"
I will not "advertise" on the list as long as John prohibits it.
But I sincerely hope his prohibition does not discourage others
from discussing the issues it raises.  I would like to hear what
the rest of you think.
     S a n d y                         ssandfort

@_date: 1993-02-19 16:02:43
@_author: Todd Steigerwald 
@_subject: LIST RULES 
Todd is new to the nets.  He sent the following to me by mistake.
He sent me another message and asked me to forward it to Cypherpunks.
------------- Begin Forwarded Message -------------
Content-Length: 956
I will not "advertise" on the list as long as John prohibits it.
But I sincerely hope his prohibition does not discourage others
from discussing the issues it raises.  I would like to hear what
the rest of you think.
I do not argue with the decision to prohibit blatant advertising,  however, with the increasing awareness of the internet and its  potential, there is going to be more and more individuals that will  want to extend beyond what it is currently being employed for.
what the net should be used for, the issues WILL become increasingly  debated, more than likely resulting in the eventual acceptance of  advertising.  Simply put it is the new marketing frontier- many many  people are seeing that already, and the beliefs of the few will not  serve to stop it-as bad or good as that may be.
I will apologise beforehand since I am new to the net, but who is

@_date: 1993-02-28 18:40:51
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
Today, Theodore Ts'o raised the specter of libel and slander to
justify some forms of censorship for anonymous remailers.  He
assumed, rhetorically, that if you believe in total freedom of
speech, than you must not believe in libel or slander.
He is correct, of course.  Nevertheless, his implied conclusion
is in error.  He would have us give up free speech to uphold
libel and slander.  I say, let's give up the artificial concepts
of libel and slander and uphold our freedom of speech.
Can people be harmed by speech?  Maybe yes, maybe no.  But if so,
that is the price that must be paid to avoid a far greater harm.
Damnum absque injuria--there are some loses for which there is no
remedy at law.
If your girlfriend impugns your manhood, there may be harm.  But
should her speech be ILLEGAL?  I think not.
I'm sure that what NBC did was NOT libel or slander.  It may have
been fraud, though.  In any event, if a free society chose not to
make what NBC did illegal, that in no way implies that NBC was
"perfectly justified" in faking an explosion.  It just says
society takes any remedy out of the hands of the state.  Of
course, NBC's acts have already damaged its own reputation karma.
Serves 'em right, too.
One last note about practicality.  We live in a world with pay
telephones, which anyone may use to threaten anyone else,
anonymously.  Shall we eliminate pay phones?  Today in the United
States, a uniformed agent of the government will deliver your
anonymous threat to your victims door for only US$0.29.  Shall we
eliminate the Postal Service?  (The answer is "yes," but for
other reasons.)  So what's the point?  Why should we be any
harsher on the networks than we are on all the other anonymous
There is only one realistic and moral solution to threats of
violence.  Punish the perpetrators, not the messenger.  Even in
today's world, crimes are rarely solved by wiretaps, forensic
science or any of that.  Perps gets fingered by someone they
know; perps confess; perps screw up and accidentally give
themselves away; or the intended victim blows the perp's head off
during an attempt to carry out the threat.  Again, punish the
perpetrators, not the messengers.
     S a n d y                         ssandfort

@_date: 1993-03-01 11:34:03
@_author: other than Ted's 
@_subject: Piercing anonymity and censorship 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
    ". . . I don't like censorship in any form.  But
    disclosing who sent a particular piece of anonymous mail
    is not the same as censorship."
How about FORCING a third-party to make such a disclosure?  It
seems Ted would ask or force remailers to be the nets' policemen.
If remailers are required to compromise the anonymity of their
service, the "chilling" effect on speech IS censorship.
    ". . . there are people who believe . . . that libel and
    slander laws shouldn't exist.  But it's not fair to call
    that a mainstream position.  And it is unreasonable to
    assume that as an axiom."
I never claimed that such a position was "mainstream" nor assumed
it was an "axiom."  I don't think I've seen ANY "ad populum"
arguments (other than Ted's) on Cypherpunks, we tend to think for
    ". . . *MOST PEOPLE* also don't believe that the right
    to privacy is absolute.  It certainly isn't explicitly
    listed in the *U.S. CONSTITUTION"*.  (Emphasis added.SS)
Our desire for privacy is not the result of a *popularity
contest* nor is it an argument from *authority*.  Rather, it is
derived from the logical requirements of freedom.
    "But in order to punish the perpetrators, it is first
    necessary to *identify* the perpetrators......"
RE-READ my post, Ted.
     S a n d y                         ssandfort

@_date: 1993-03-23 21:08:24
@_author: Julf 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi bites the dust 
FROM THE VIRTUAL DESK OF SANDY SANDFORT
    ". . . a very well-known and extremely highly regarded
    net personality managed to contact exactly the right
    people to create a situation where it is politically
    impossible for me to continue running the service."
Excuse me.  Why aren't the names of the "net personality" and
"exactly the right people" given in this post?  Did they request
Of course, you wouldn't want to get them mad.  They might punish
you by . . . by, oh, I don't know . . . maybe shutting down your
anonymous remailers?  Couldn't have that, could we?
     S a n d y                         ssandfort
     "A slave is one who waits for someone else to free him."
                       -- Rosellen Brown --

@_date: 1997-07-03 07:40:08
@_author: Sandy Sandfort 
@_subject: Re: Liberating the Bits 
I have to agree with Tim that ideas have no worth and we should
not compensate those that share them. Once anything is made public
it should be up for grabs by anyone who wants to use it for any
purpose they desire.
  Enforcement of copyright laws only denies the world access to
such treasures as "Cyhpernomicon" by Toto, which I recently found on a few websites. It had pointers to where one could
purchase the "Official CypherPunk" T-shirts and mugs, as well
as information about how to make donations to Toto's "GreenPeace"
"All your private property is target for your enemies."
   -Jefferson Airplane
There's something wrong when Kent Crispin is not a felon under an increasing number of laws.
Sandy Sandfort            | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
ssandfort     | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA| knowledge, reputations, information markets,
Higher Power: 2^1398269   | black markets, collapse of governments.
"Reputation Capital isn't even a speed bump to Identity highway
