
@_date: 1993-08-17 09:20:20
@_author: our new membership coordinator 
@_subject: Re: One BBScon presence question 
Hi 'punks!
EFF will be well-represented at ONE BBSCon.  Mike Godwin, Cliff Figallo,
Sarah Simpson (our new membership coordinator) and I will be there speaking
and coordinating an EFF booth, which will boast all sorts of documentation,
floppies, and, yes, you asked for it, t-shirts (new design)!  We will
certainly have some Clipper stuff.
Yeah, yeah, I know.  It was really strange for me to be looked at as
supporting the government over individuals!  Maybe we can continue the
debate this year.  See you in a week!  :)
Shari Steele
Director of Legal Services
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G Street, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC  20001
202/347-5400 (voice), 202/393-5509 (fax)

@_date: 1993-08-17 11:35:22
@_author: if they had pockets 
@_subject: Re: One BBScon presence question 
Hi Carl.
You ask:
Absolutely.  They're kinda hard to describe, since they're graphical, but
I'll do my best.  They're white.  On the front, above where the pocket
would be (if they had pockets) is the EFF logo.  The back is divided into
four large squares with the header "Famous Frontiers in History."  In the
first square is the picture of a cowboy on a horse looking at a sunset on
the prairie with the label "The Western Frontier."  The second square has a
picture of John F. Kennedy at a podium with the label "The New Frontier." The third square has a picture of the U.S.S. Enterprise with the label "The
Final Frontier."  And finally, the fourth square has the EFF logo with the
label "The Electronic Frontier."  Shirts are $10 and are available in small
(for little people and children) and extra large (for everyone else). Should I get a stash to John Gilmore for cypherpunk distribution?

@_date: 1993-09-17 11:25:10
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: Crypto Witchhunt? 
To the 'net community:
EFF is very concerned about the Customs Department-initiated grand jury
investigation into encryption export violations.  Two U.S. companies have
been subpoenaed to produce documents related to the "international
distribution" of commercial products utilizing PGP and RSA source code. Neither of these companies are engaged in the international distribution of
any illegal materials.  EFF is working with the concerned parties and is
trying to find out the scope of the grand jury investigation. Unfortunately for us in this case, grand jury investigations are secret, so
learning the scope is proving to be quite difficult.
What we do know is this:
Austin Code Works, a software publisher in Austin, Texas (heavy sigh), has
been planning to publish a code document written by Grady Ward called Moby
Crypto.  Grady describes Moby Crypto as simply containing descriptive
source code, not executable object code, describing many cryptographic
routines that are freely available around the world.  Most of this material
has been released in print form already.  The important distinction seems
to be that Moby Crypto will be released in machine-readable format.  Austin
Code Works has told Customs Agents that it does not intend to release Moby
Crypto outside of the U.S., yet the company has been subpoenaed to release
all documents related to this product.  (Incidently, if Moby Crypto
contains no executable code, it should be exportable under ITAR, just as
textbooks containing such materials are exportable.)
ViaCrypt, a Phoenix, Arizona,-based (heavy sigh again -- man, does this
ring familiar) software producer that has a license to sell software
products that use the RSA algorithm, was issued a similar subpoena. ViaCrypt has recently contracted with Phil Zimmermann, creator of the PGP
encryption code, to sell a commercial version of PGP.  ViaCrypt only
distributes its products containing the RSA algorithm within the United
States, since RSA is not exportable under ITAR.
EFF has been in touch with Phil Zimmermann and his attorney, Grady Ward,
and the owner of Austin Code Works.  We have advised everyone that there is
nothing to hide and that they should abide by the subpoenas and produce the
documents requested.  We will not know what the appropriate response should
be until the grand jury makes its determinations.  In the meantime, we want
everyone to know that EFF is committed to ensuring that the right to use
and publish whatever encryption method an individual chooses to use is
protected.  Jerry Berman, EFF's Executive Director, issued the following
internal message this morning:
Indeed, EFF has copies of both subpoenas.  We will continue to keep you
informed of what's going on as we learn the facts.  EFF is deeply
concerned, and we want Phil and everyone else involved to know that they
are not alone.  As soon as it becomes clear what specifically is being
investigated, EFF will respond.
Shari Steele
Director of Legal Services
Electronic Frontier Foundation
1001 G Street, NW
Suite 950 East
Washington, DC  20001
202/347-5400 (voice), 202/393-5509 (fax)

@_date: 1993-09-27 08:16:13
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: Wiretap Article by Dorothy Denning 
Hi everyone.
Dorothy Denning sent me a rather lengthy article entitled, "Wiretap Laws
and Procedures:  What Happens When the U.S. Government Taps a Line," which
she wrote with Don Delaney of the NYS Police, John Kay of the Monmouth
County (NJ) Prosecutor's office, and Alan McDonald of the FBI.  I'm willing
to send a copy to this list, but I wanted to make sure that I'm not in
violation of list ettiquette to send a long (2 e-mail messages) post. What's the proper course of conduct here?

@_date: 1993-09-28 06:16:19
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: GIF experts 
Hi everyone.
I know this is not the focus of the cypherpunks, but I was hoping one of
you folks out there might be able to point me in the direction of a
technoid who could testify about how easy it is to manipulate GIF images. Please respond by private message (ssteele so I don't cause any
more noise on the list.  Thanks.

@_date: 1993-09-29 07:41:47
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: Re: saturation tactics? 
Nate asks:
Willam B. Robinson
United States Department of State
Bureau of Politico-Military Affairs
Office of Defense Trade Controls
Washington, DC  20522-0602
George suggests:
I like the first idea.  As an attorney (stop with the hissing out there!),
I feel a need to remind you that these State Department guys are serious. They can really make your life miserable -- just ask Phil Z.  I strongly
suggest that you keep that in mind before openly suggesting that you intend
to export encryption.  I agree that the export laws stink.  I'm hoping we
can get the law nixed without anyone going to jail.

@_date: 1993-10-04 12:54:43
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: Re: Who's Most Receptive to Our Message? 
I've been interviewed on NPR twice.  The first reporter was Margot Adler,
212/878-1435.  She was doing a story about cops hanging out on BBSs.  She
seemed to have a very basic understanding of the technology, but she was
clearly interested in the social implications of the story.
I've been banging my head trying to recall the name of the second reporter,
who called last month after the DoJ held its press conference announcing
indictments in Operation Longarm, the big bust on child pornography.  Her
name was something like Fee Lay.  Does that sound familiar to anyone?
Also, I'm sending a note to Mitch.  He was interviewed by NPR a few months
ago about the National Information Infrastructure.  I'll see if he can
suggest a reporter.

@_date: 1993-10-04 13:40:08
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: NPR reporter 
Mitch suggests Dan Charles out of NPR's office in DC.

@_date: 1993-10-05 07:49:09
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: digital cash 
Hey 'punks.
Anyone know of an elementary primer on digital cash?  I'm trying to get up
to speed on this.  You can send me private e-mail at ssteele

@_date: 1993-10-05 08:49:09
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: Re: EFF GIF file recall notice: is EFF the new CERT? 
I included the GIF warning in EFFector Online for unsuspecting BBS
operators.  Child pornography is not protected speech, and challenging
child pornography laws is not currently on EFF's agenda -- but protecting
BBS sysops from having their systems seized is.  I figured those who sought
to challenge the child pornography laws would poo poo the message.  I guess
I figured right.
BTW, before I ran the article, Mike Godwin and I had a discussion about
whether the *cops* would be angry, thinking we were obstructing justice.  I
guess I just can't win!
I'd like to request that this discussion be taken off the cypherpunks list,
since it is not on point to the list.  O.k. by you?

@_date: 1993-10-06 12:25:16
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: Possible Change In Crypto Export Controls 
I haven't had time to confirm this yet, but I thought everyone here would
want to see it ASAP.  I'll get back to the list with confirmation.

@_date: 1993-10-06 12:29:12
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: oops! 
Sorry about that last post -- just noticed the date.  Now I realize what
they were talking about.  Please disregard.

@_date: 1993-12-21 07:39:32
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: A little ditty about PGP (I especially like the part about prayin' Phil"ain't dead"!) 
This message was from LESLIE FISH to STEVEN ROSS,
originally in conference Filk
and was forwarded to y'all by BRUCE FEIST.
Note:  Despite the copyright, the author permits distribution of her work with
proper acknowledgement.
                    -------------------------
Hi, glad you liked my stuff.  Just for the yell of it,
here's my latest atrocity, based on a hackers' in-joke
(would you believe, my very first computer filk?).
    P.G.P.   words: L. Fish
                (c)12/18/93
             tune: ditto
The G-men all are cryin'
And tearin' out their hair,
'Cause there's a new cryptography
That's shown up everywhere.
Nobody can break it,
However good they be.
Everybody's PC got the PGP.
It guarantees who's callin'
And just who gets the call.
If you ain't got your code-word,
You can't get in at all.
Oh, there ain't nothin' like it
To keep your privacy.
Half the world's computers got the PGP.
There's not a way to crack it,
Not in a hundred years.
All the spooks & wiretappers
Are cryin' in their beers.
They can't spy on E-mail
Here or oversea
When every home computer's got the PGP.
Bless the man who made it,
And pray that he ain't dead.
He could've made a million
If he'd sold it to the feds,
But he was hot for freedom;
He gave it out for free.
Now every common citizen's got PGP.
So go say what you want to,
Of love or war or hate,
Kinky sex, or dirty words,
Or overthrow the state.
Nobody can stop you.
Speech is really free
When everybody's PC got the PGP.
    Whee!  Enjoy!  ...And if anybody out there knows how to
adapt PGP for the Atari 130XE, please get me a floppy.
___ Maximus/2 2.01wb
 * Origin: ORAC/2 Home of Log/2 (Log for OS/2) (602) 277-1334 (1:114/12)
Can we talk in private?  Not if our new Secretary of Defense has his way!!!
"Society has recognized over time that certain kinds of scientific inquiry
can endanger society as a whole and has applied either directly, or through
scientific/ethical constraints, restrictions on the kind and amount of
research that can be done in those areas."
--Adm. Bobby R. Inman in a February, 1982 article for _Aviation Week and
Space Technology_ on why cryptographic research should be limited to
government scientists.  Full text of this article is available for
anonymous ftp from ftp.eff.org as pub/EFF/Policy/Crypto/inman.article.
If you want to help fight government limitations on your right to privacy,
join the Electronic Frontier Foundation!  For more info, write to

@_date: 1994-02-08 12:50:52
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: text of info file on Cantwell bill 
Following are Representative Maria Cantwell's remarks to the House of
Representatives when she introduced H.R. 3627, Legislation to Amend the
Export Administration Act of 1979.  Her synopsis of the bill appears at the
end.  These remarks appeared in the Congressional Record on November 24,
1993, at Volume 139, Page 3110.
Please write to Rep. Cantwell today at cantwell letting her know
you support her bill. In the Subject header of your message, type "I
support HR 3627." In the body of your message, express your reasons for
supporting the bill. EFF will deliver printouts of all letters to Rep.
Cantwell. With a strong showing of support from the Net community, Rep.
Cantwell can tell her colleagues on Capitol Hill that encryption is not
only an industry concern, but also a grassroots issue. *Again: remember to
put "I support HR 3627" in your Subject header.*
The text of the Cantwell bill can be found with the any of the following
URLs (Universal Resource Locaters):
        Mr. Speaker, I am today introducing legislation to amend the Export
Administration Act of 1979 to liberalize export controls on software with
encryption capabilities.
        A vital American industry is directly threatened by unilateral U.S.
Government export controls which prevent our companies from meeting
worldwide user demand for software that includes encryption capabilities to
protect computer data against unauthorized disclosure, theft, or
        The legislation I am introducing today is needed to ensure that
American companies do not lose critical international markets to foreign
competitors that operate without significant export restrictions. Without
this legislation, American software companies, some of America's star
economic performers, have estimated they stand to lose between $6 and $9
billion in revenue each year. American hardware companies are already
losing hundreds of millions of dollars in lost computer system sales
because increasingly sales are dependent on the ability of a U.S. firm to
offer encryption as a feature of an integrated customer solution involving
hardware, software, and services.
        The United States' export control system is broken. It was designed
as a tool of the cold-war, to help fight against enemies that no longer
exist. The myriad of Federal agencies responsible for controlling the flow
of exports from our country must have a new charter, recognizing today's
        Next year, the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee of Economic
Policy, Trade and the Environment, of which I am a member, will be marking
up legislation to overhaul the Export Administration Act. It is my hope
that the legislation I introduce today will be included in the final Export
Administration Act rewrite.
        This legislation takes some important steps to resolve a serious
problem facing some of our most dynamic industries. It would give the
Secretary of Commerce exclusive authority over dual use information
security programs and products, eliminates the requirement for export
licenses for generally available software with encryption capabilities, and
requires the Secretary to grant such validated licenses for exports of
other software with encryption capabilities to any country to which we
already approve exports for foreign financial institutions.
        The importance of this legislation cannot be overstated. America's
computer software and hardware companies, including such well-known
companies as Apple, DEC, Hewlett-Packard, IBM, Lotus, Microsoft, Novell,
and WordPerfect, have been among the country's most internationally
competitive firms earning more than one-half of their revenues from
        The success of American software and hardware companies overseas is
particularly dramatic and the importance of foreign markets is growing.
Currently, American software companies hold a 75 percent worldwide market
share and many derive over 50 percent of their revenues from foreign sales.
American computer hardware manufacturers earn more than 60 percent of their
revenues from exports.
        As my colleagues are well-aware, we are participants in a new
information age that is quickly transforming local and national
marketplaces and creating new international marketplaces where none
previously existed. President Clinton and Vice President Gore have both
spent considerable time explaining their vision of the National Information
Infrastructure that is essential to our continued economic growth.
        Part of that infrastructure is already in place. International
business transactions that just a few years ago took days or weeks or
months to complete can now be accomplished in minutes.
        Driving this marketplace transformation is the personal computer.
And, at the heart of every personal computer is computer software. Even the
most computer illiterate of us recognize that during the past decade,
computer prices have dropped dramatically while computer capabilities have
increased exponentially. That combination has made it possible to exchange
information and conduct business at a scale that was considered science
fiction only a few years ago.
        Indeed, we all now rely on computer networks to conduct business
and exchange information. Whether it be the electronic mail or "e-mail"
system that we all now use in our congressional offices or the automated
teller system relied on to conduct our personal financial affairs, we rely
on computer networks of information.
        In the future, individuals will use information technologies to
conduct virtually any of the routine transactions that they do today in
person, over the telephone, and through paper files. From personal
computers at home, in schools, and in public libraries, they will access
books, magazine articles, videos, and multimedia resources on any topic
they want. People will use computer networks to locate and access
information about virtually any subject imaginable, such as background on
the candidates in local political races, information on job opportunities
in distant cities, the weather in the city or country they will be visiting
on their vacation, and the highlights of specific sports events.
        Consumers will use their computers and smart televisions to shop
and pay for everything from clothing and household goods to airline
tickets, insurance, and all types of on-line services. Electronic records
of the items they purchase and their credit histories will be easy to
compile and maintain.
        Individuals will access home health programs from their personal
computers for instant advice on medical questions, including mental health
problems, information about the symptoms of AIDS, and a variety of personal
concerns that they would not want other family members, or their neighbors
and employers to know about. They will renew their prescriptions and obtain
copies of their lab results electronically.
        The U.S. economy is becoming increasingly reliant on this
information network. While we may not often think about these networks,
they now affect every facet of our professional, business, and personal
lives. They are present when we make an airline reservation; when we use a
credit card to make a purchase; or when we visit a doctor who relies on a
computer network to store our medical information or to assist in making a
diagnosis. These networks contain information concerning every facet of our
        For businesses, the reliance on information security is even
greater. While businesses rely on the same commercial use networks that
individual consumers use, in addition, businesses are now transmitting
information across national and international borders with the same ease
that the information was once transmitted between floors of the same office
        While all of this information exchange brings with it increased
efficiencies and lower operating costs, it has also brought with it the
need to protect the information from improper use and tampering.
Information security is quickly becoming a top priority for businesses that
rely on computer networks to conduct business. According to a recent survey
of Fortune 500 companies conducted for the Business Software Alliance, 90
percent of the participants said that information security was important to
their operations. Indeed, almost half of the Fortune 500 companies surveyed
recently stated that data encryption was important to protect their
information. One third of those companies said they look for encryption
capabilities when buying software.
        The challenge for information security can be met by America's
computer companies. American companies are deeply involved in efforts to
ensure that the information transmitted on computer networks is secure.
Numerous companies have developed and are developing software products with
encryption capabilities that can ensure that transmitted information is
received only by the intended user and that it is received in an unaltered
form. Those encryption capabilities are based on mathematical formulas or
logarithms of such a size that makes it almost impossible to corrupt data
sources or intercept information being transmitted.
        I wish I could stand here today and tell my colleagues that U.S.
export control laws were working and encryption technology was only
available to American software companies.
        However, this is not the case. Sophisticated encryption technology
has been available as a published public standard for over a decade and
many private sources, both domestic and foreign, have developed encryption
technology that they are marketing to customers today. It is an industry
where commercial competition is fierce and success will go to the swift.
        Software is being developed and manufactured with encryption
capabilities for the simple reason that software customers are demanding
it. Computer users recognize the vulnerability of our information systems
to corruption and improper use and are insisting on protection. That
protection will be purchased or obtained from American companies or from
foreign software companies. The choice is not whether the protection will
be obtained, but from which company.
        Incredible as it may seem to most of my colleagues, the Executive
Branch has seen fit to regulate exports of American computer software with
encryption capabilities -- that is, the same software that is available
across the counter at your local Egghead or Computerland software store --
munitions and thereby substantially prohibit its export to foreign
customers. This policy, which has all the practical effect of shutting the
barn door after the horses have left in preventing access to software with
encryption capabilities, does have the actual detrimental effect of
seriously endangering sales of both generally available American software
and American computer systems.
        This is because increasingly sales are dependent on the ability of
a U.S. firm to offer encryption as a feature of an integrated customer
solution involving hardware, software and services.
        Indeed, software can be exported abroad by the simplest measures
and our intelligence gathering agencies have no hope of ever preventing it.
Unlike most munitions that are on the prohibited export list, generally
available software with encryption capabilities can be purchased without
any record by anyone from thousands of commercial retail outlets, or
ordered from hundreds of commercial mail order houses, or obtained for free
from computer bulletin boards or networks. Once obtained, it can be
exported on a single indistinguishable floppy disk in the coat pocket of
any traveler or in any business envelope mailed abroad.
        Moreover, both generally available and customized software can be
exported without anyone ever actually leaving the United States. All that
is necessary are two computers with modems, one located in the United
States and one located abroad. A simple international phone call and a few
minutes is all that it takes to export any software program.
        Once a software program with encryption capabilities is in a
foreign country, any computer can act as a duplicating machine, producing
as many perfect copies of the software as needed. The end result is that
the software is widely available to foreign users.
        All this was demonstrated at a hearing held on October 12 by
Chairman Gejdenson's Economic Policy Trade and Environment Subcommittee of
the Foreign Affairs Committee.
        Furthermore, while current Executive Branch policy regulates the
export of American manufactured software with encryption capabilities, it
is obviously powerless to prevent the development and manufacture of such
software by foreign competitors. Not surprisingly, that is exactly what is
happening. We heard testimony at the subcommittee's hearing that over 200
foreign hardware, software and combination products for text, file, and
data encryption are available from 20 foreign countries. As a result,
foreign customers, that have, in the past, spent their software dollars on
American-made software, are now being forced, by American policy, to buy
foreign software -- and in some cases, entire foreign computer systems. The
real impact of these policies is that customers and revenue are being lost
with little hope of regaining them, once lost. All precipitated by a
well-intentioned, but completely misguided and inappropriate policy.
        There were efforts, in the last Congress to correct this policy. In
response, the Bush Administration did, in fact, marginally improve its
export licensing process with regard to mass market software with limited
encryption capabilities. However, those changes are simply insufficient to
eliminate the damage being done to American software companies.
        My legislation is strongly supported by the Business Software
Alliance. The Business Software Alliance represents the leading American
software businesses, including Aldus, Apple Computer, Autodesk, Borland
International, Computer Associates, GO Corp., Lotus Development, Microsoft,
Novell, and WordPerfect. In addition, Adobe Systems, Central Point, Santa
Cruz Operation, and Symantec are members of BSA's European operation.
Together, BSA members represent 70 percent of PC software sales.
        The legislation is also supported by the Industry Coalition on
Technology Transfer, an umbrella group representing 10 industry groups
including the Aerospace Industries Association, American Electronic
Association, Electronics Industry Association, and Computer and Business
Equipment Manufacturing Association.
        All these companies are at the forefront of the software
revolution. Their software, developed for commercial markets, is available
throughout the world and is at the core of the information revolution. They
represent the finest of America's future in the international marketplace,
and the industry has repeatedly been recognized as crucial to America's
technological leadership in the 21st century.
        My legislation is straightforward. It would allow American
companies to sell the commercial software they develop in the United States
to their overseas customers including our European allies -- something that
is very difficult if not impossible under present policies.
        I urge my colleagues to support this legislation and ask unanimous
consent that the text of the bill and a section-by-section explanation be
printed at this point.
Section-By-Section Analysis of Report Control Liberalization for
Information Security Programs and Products
Section 1
        Section 1 amends the Export Administration Act by adding a new
subsection that specifically addresses exports of computer hardware,
software and technology for information security including encryption. The
new subsection has three basic provisions.
        First, it gives the Secretary of Commerce exclusive authority over
the export of such programs and products except those which are
specifically designed for military use, including command, control and
intelligence applications or for deciphering encrypted information.
        Second, the government is generally prohibited from requiring a
validated export license for the export of generally available software
(e.g., mass market commercial or public domain software) or computer
hardware simply because it incorporates such software.
        Importantly, however, the Secretary will be able to continue
controls on countries of terrorists concern (like Libya, Syria, and Iran)
or other embargoed countries (like Cuba and North Korea) pursuant to the
Trading With The Enemy Act or the International Emergency Economic Powers
Act (except for instances where IEEPA is employed to extend EAA-based
controls when the EAA is not in force).
        Third, the Secretary is required to grant validated licenses for
exports of software to commercial users in any country to which exports of
such software has been approved for use by foreign financial institutions.
Importantly, the Secretary is not required to grant such export approvals
if there is substantial evidence that the software will be diverted or
modified for military or terrorists' end-use or re-exported without
requisite U.S. authorization.
Section 2
        Section 2 provides definitions necessary for the proper
implementation of the substantive provisions. For example, generally
available software is offered for sale or licensed to the public without
restriction and available through standard commercial channels of
distribution, is sold as is without further customization, and is designed
so as to be installed by the purchaser without additional assistance from
the publisher. Computer hardware and computing devices are also defined.

@_date: 1995-02-01 07:38:08
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: your membership renewal letter 
February 1, 1995
Dear David,
We received your response to our membership renewal reminder and would like
to thank you for taking the time to actually write a letter explaining why
you have chosen not to renew.  We are sorry that you are unhappy with the
role EFF played in the Digital Telephony negotiations.  We were not totally
comfortable our role, but we do believe we did the right thing and that
there would be a much more intrusive bill if EFF had done nothing.
However, I'm sure that you've heard the arguments by now, and I'm not
writing to change your mind about our role in Digital Telephony but,
instead, to let you know about a lawsuit we're about to file against the
State Department and others claiming the ITAR listing of encryption as a
munition is unconstitutional.  Our plaintiff wanted to post an encryption
algorithm he developed to sci.crypt.  The State Department informed him
that he would need an export license before he could post the algorithm on
the Net and then told him that he would be denied the license because the
algorithm was too strong.  We see this as a critical First Amendment
challenge to a regulation that undermines secure communications on the
networks.  The suit should be filed before the end of the month.
We don't expect to please all of the people all of the time, and it is
clear that we didn't please you with Digital Telephony.  But we really are
trying to make Cyberspace a better place to be, and we hope you'll
reconsider your decision regarding your renewal.  You can earmark your
contribution to be applied only to litigation or some other particular
function, if that would make you feel more comfortable.
Take care.

@_date: 1998-04-23 15:20:52
@_author: Shari Steele 
@_subject: Oral Argument to Be Held April 24 in Crypto Export Case 
Everyone in the Akron area is encouraged to attend this hearing (8:30am, Akron federal courthouse) and show the judge how important it is that the export controls on encryption be repealed.  If you are able to attend, please remember to dress in your best courtroom attire and to be respectful of the court.
EFF and the Bernstein legal team wish Peter Junger, Gino Scarcelli and the rest of the Junger legal team the best of luck.  For more information on the Junger case, see        Oral Argument to Be Held April 24 in Crypto Export Case
    Stipulation of Undisputed Facts Filed in Law Suit Challenging
        Federal Licensing of Publishers of Encryption Software
                    Junger v. Daley on Fast Track
   ----------------------------------------------------------------
             Cleveland, Ohio, Monday, April 13, 1998
                        For Immediate Release
                    For More Information Contact:
                    Peter D. Junger (216) 368-2535
                    Raymond Vasvari (216) 522-1925
        Or see URL: To be added to, or removed from, the list of those who were sent this
 press release, please send e-mail to .
     _________________________________________________________________
Cleveland, Ohio, April 13 --
Arguments in Junger v. Daley, the law suit challenging the
constitutionality of the export regulations on encryption software,
will be held in front of Judge Gwin on April 24 at 8:30 AM at the
federal courthouse in Akron, Ohio.  The parties have filed a
Stipulation of Undisputed Facts which is now available from the
cryptography archive maintained by John Young at
 and from the plaintiff's archive at
The suit was brought by Peter Junger, a law professor at Case Western
Reserve University in Cleveland, Ohio against William Daley, the
United States Secretary of Commerce, to establish that the export
regulations restricting the publication of computer programs used to
protect privacy and confidentiality violate the freedoms of speech and
of the press guaranteed by the First Amendment to the United States
Those regulations, which apply only to publication on the Internet and
the World Wide Web and by other electronic means, but not to
traditional books or magazines, have been extensively challenged by
the computer industry and by civil rights groups.  There is now
legislation pending in Congress that would relax or abolish the
current restrictions on ``exporting'' encryption software,
restrictions that endanger the competitive position of the United
States software industry and effectively prevent many within the the
United States from obtaining the computer programs that they need to
preserve their privacy.
``Those are very important issues,'' Professor Junger says, ``but the
issues raised by my suit do not just affect encryption software.  If
the government can restrict the writing and publication of encryption
programs because they are useful--and that is basically what the
government is claiming--without regard to the authors' and publishers'
constitutional rights under the First Amendment, then, by the same
reasoning, it could forbid the publication of any computer program
that earns the disfavor of the authorities.  At this time of year, for
example, I find it easy to believe that the government would like to
forbid the publication of tax preparation software that the tax
collectors feel are too good at detecting loopholes.''
Both sides have asked for summary judgment and it is expected that
Judge Gwin will be able to decide the case shortly after the hearing
on the 24th without any further proceedings, but if any issues remain
to be be decided after that Judge Gwin has set July 20th as the date
on which the case will go to trial.
``It is good to be back on the fast track,'' Junger says,  ``and I am
confident that the case can be decided without a trial.  The dispute
is not about the facts.  The only real issue is whether, and to what
extent, the constitution protects the writing and publication of
computer programs.  And a trial is not going to be necessary to settle
that issue.
``But this is only the first step,'' he adds.  ``No matter who wins in
the district court, it is almost certain that the other side will
appeal the case.  My lawyers, and particularly Gino Scarselli, have
done a wonderful job at considerable personal sacrifice.  As I think
about the prospects of an appeal, I only hope that we can raise some
support for them.''
A fund has been established to defray the cost of this litigation and
contributions may now be sent to Professor Spencer Neth, Case Western
Reserve University Law School, Cleveland, OH 44106.  Checks should
bear the notation ``Junger Litigation Fund'' or ``Crypto Litigation
                                 -30-
