
@_date: 1996-07-26 01:13:36
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: RPK Public Key Cryptography 
New algorithm from outside US, new crypto challenge?
My apologies to the list if this subject is old hat but someone just pointed
me to the RPK Public Key Cryptography site and I was wondering what people
thought of this particular technology.
The RPK Public Key Cryptography site at  says:
Have a look at this  new approach to information privacy, designed and
developed in New Zealand. The RPK public key cryptosystem provides
industrial-strength public key cryptography that's available worldwide.
You'll find full technical information, free evaluation software and
development tools, and details of our
SafeCracker Challenge program where you can earn a $$$ REWARD $$$ while
trying to put us out of business!
The inventor and developer of the RPK system is aparently Dr. William
M.Raike who holds a US patent as co-inventor of scrambler which NSA banned
in the US. The Nicolai/Raike case attracted some media attention and, after
the NSA rescinded the order, it was one of the first instances in which an
NSA director commented publicly on patent secrecy issues. That invention had
its roots in spread spectrum technology. Note sure if that has any bearing
on the public key offering.
Note that I have no connection with this person, software or site, just
natural curiousity about what cypherpunks think about it.
Stephen Cobb, CISSP

@_date: 1996-07-31 08:47:28
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: fbi, crypto, and defcon 
I thought it was pretty cool that they even showed up, and the respect they
showed for people with good technical skills was, IMHO, impressive. They
were candid about the role they play and stood by the code of behaviour they
are sworn to uphold.
We simply don't have enough information to judge them. These guys may be
campaigning for political change in their spare time. They are enforcing
laws passed by a democratically elected government, which is not perfect,
but a long way from tyranny. They made the point, several times, that if we
don't like the laws we are free to try and get them changed, which some of
us are trying to do.
Okay, so their boss is part of the law making process, subject to the checks
and balances that exist between the three branches of US government. They
are in a position to supply their boss with data and I am personally
impressed with their grasp of some of that data (it sounds to me like they
are telling their boss that hackers like the ones at Defcon are not the
All of us who have some understanding of these issues need to do our best to
educate the public and the politicians, even if we have to start from the
"See Jane hack" level (pun intended). Otherwise dumb laws will be passed and
then we will have to engage in mass civil disobedience (which I have
personally done in the past). Stopping bad laws from becoming law is a lot
easier than overturning them later.
Respectfully...Stephen (hacker jeopardy scorekeeper)

@_date: 1996-07-31 08:13:06
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: ALL OF YOU ARE CRIMINAL HACKERS, I AM GOING TO CALL FBI 
As a Certified Information Systems Security Professional I am sworn to
uphold a professional code of ethics. I have pledged to help my clients
protect the privacy of their information. I do not consider the free
exchange of ideas as inconsistent with that plegde or those ethics.
Please feel free to email me directly with a statement of your specific
fears and concerns and I am sure I can allay them. Otherwise I suggest you
spend some time studying the US constitution and contemplating the personal
sacrifices made those who are dedicated to defending it.

@_date: 1996-08-16 07:23:42
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: Stopped Clock. Was: Schlafly on Crypto 
Speaking as someone who seldom agrees with Phyllis Schlafly...and not
meaning to be overly ignorant or paranoid or disrespectful, but is there any
link between her column and Roger Schlafly, as in:
Schlafly v. Public Key Partners & RSA Data Security, Case C-94-20512 SW PVT
or is it mere coincidence.
Reminds me of the Doonesbury cartoon of conspiracy theorists, circa O.J.
case: "Wait a minute, Hertz has an office in Dallas."
"I don't think so."

@_date: 1996-08-19 04:27:54
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: US Taxes on X-Pats 
Pardon me for jumping in...but a year ago I won a case in tax court brought
aainst me by the IRA for not paying taxes on income earned while living
overseas...apart from the verdict, the whole thing was a complete farce!
My advice is to research the subject in detail before leaving the country
and file IRS returns faithfully every year regardless of where you live even
if you owe no tax (I owed no tax so filed no returns, penalty for not filing
= % of tax owed, so no penalty for not filing, but only IF the IRS agrees
you don't owe).
Yes, there has been talk in the Clinton administration of dropping the
overseas earning provision. You might want to email either Sen. Byron Dorgan
or Sen. Kent Conrad of N.D. since both these guys were State Tax
Commssioners before going to Washington and seem to be clued in on federal
tax issues. The report I read in the Orlando Sentinel suggested that Clinton
felt the exclusion was a money loser desined to help US corporations get
employees to work overseas. However, it seems to me that it is also part of
the complex web of international tax treaties designed to prevent double
taxation. If you are a US citizen earning in a country that has an income
tax they are likely going to expect you to pay tax, just as we tax foreign
nationals living here.
My impression is that many IRS staff lack in-depth knowledge of this very
complex area (for example, I paid tax on my overseas income to the
government of the country in which I was living when I earned it and that
country has a tax treaty with the US...after about 6 very scary phone calls
the agent assigned to the case agreed that I did not owe income tax...but
then he tried to hit me up for thousands fo dollars in self-employed soc sec
contribution -- when I told him that was also covered under a reciprocal
treaty it was complete news to him...he asked me, and I wish I had taped the
call, to send him the IRS document in which I had read this!)
The result is often months of very stressful waiting, staring huge penalties
in the face, while they learn up on the subject and say "I guess you're
right, you don't owe that $60,000 in unpaid tax and penalties we asked the
judge to award us." I still have a state tax lien triggered by this bogus
action against me lying around on one of my credit reports.
ps The recent US legislation denying soc sec benefits to legal aliens seems
to be a breach of the referred to above. pps The relation to cypto is :-)?

@_date: 1996-08-19 04:28:45
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: Schlafly on crypto 
I tend to agree...anyone who thinks victory for Dole/Kemp in 96 means
strong free unescrowed crypto in 97 needs to read a few history books.
   Stephen

@_date: 1996-08-19 04:36:36
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: Hackers invade DOJ web site 
If anyone happens to know which vulnerability(s) this hack exploited I would
be most grateful if they could let me know, either on the list or privately
(stephen I am not asking for someone to publish the attack script
or specifics of what was done to get in, but I would like to know what holes
were used (e.g. cgi script error).

@_date: 1996-08-20 00:53:12
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: US Taxes on X-Pats (getting off topic) 
I know this is getting way off topic...but what I am not clear about is this:
1. Americans living and working in London used to be eligible for certain
benefits from the British social security system, into which they are
required to pay. There is a reciprocal arrangement between the US and UK on
soc sec benefits and payments. The new US law seems to alter that, which
could affect the US citizen living in London, as in, "sorry mate, you can't
come in here with that knife wound, not without your cheque book you can't."
2. Making legal immigrants living in the US pay soc sec "taxes" without
being eligible for benefits sounds pretty unfair, even "unamerican."
Maybe someone who knows more about the law in these matters can clarify.

@_date: 1996-08-21 05:49:53
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: AZ DMV: Citizenship to Drive? (fwd) 
Not quite sure what this has to do with crypto, but here goes:
As with the recent federal legislation denying soc sec benefits to LEGAL
aliens who are required by law to pay into the system and can by law be
required to serve in the US armed forces, this appears to my untrained eye
to be yet another case of isolationist paranoia...I am sure this one
violates international agreements that the US has made concerning reciprocal
accodomations as far as driving is concerned.
I used to be a tax-paying soc sec paying legal alien, but I got so fed up
with head-in-the-dirt hicks who thought you had to be a citizen to breathe
the prairie dust that I became a citizen for an easier life (and I mean some
of these ignorant fools were sons of immigrants who voted agianst the US
fighting Hitler!!!!). Because I still talk with something of a foreign accent I still get
uneducated idiots, who couldn't pass the test they make foreigners take,
lecturing me on what I cannot do because I am a foreigner. The only thing I
can't do is run for President. I despair of backwater state legislators, I really do. What to do about this
particular problem? Check out the rules on International drivers licenses. I
know can drive on them for a year...If you are not allowed a drivers license
because you are an alien, maybe you don't need their stinking licenses.

@_date: 1996-08-21 05:27:25
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: US Taxes on X-Pats (getting off topic) 
Very true...what I am saying is that, as far as my reading goes, LEGAL
aliens are going to be required to pay social security "taxes" while not
having any "entitlement" in return. They pay income taxes and get certain
things, like law and order, in return. They will be paying soc sec money to
the government without getting anything in return. This sounds not only
unfair but wrong, part of an isolationist, "we killed the natives so this
land is our land and the rest of you f revival that includes the
recent posting about requiring proof of citizenship before issuing drivers

@_date: 1996-08-21 08:50:46
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: Securing Internet mail at the MTA level 
Hmmm, have you thought about how this might fit/mesh/work with the security
mechanisms in IPv6? Just a thought...Stephen

@_date: 1996-09-09 03:08:51
@_author: Stephen Cobb 
@_subject: Re: TWA 800 - Friendly Fire? 
Actually some movie, Cool Hand Luke, Paul Newman. The WAV file is around
here somewhere.

@_date: 1997-05-09 12:05:50
@_author: "Stephen Cobb, CISSP" 
@_subject: Re: e$: In Vino Veritas 
Thanks so much for a truly enjoyable and thought-provoking piece of
writing. It gladdens my heart to know that there are still people out there
who know what happened to the Romantics!
But you do have to be careful about typing behavior with age. I live in
Florida and yes, we have a lot of old folks, but a sadly significant number
of the moralists are in their 20s and 30s. In Brevard County where I live (and shuttles are launched) they have banned
nude sunbathing, even on Federal property (also thong bikinis and male swim
wear that "permits discernible turgidity" -- by this standard most of the
Olympic finalists in the men's 100 meters would have been breaking the law
if Brevard County had been hosting). Much of the ban-the-nudist lobbying was done people well under 40. There
was a great moment at the televised County meeting when a frail old man
made his way to the podium and we all braced for another "skin is sin"
speech. But this is what he said "I'm a nudist and believe me, you have no
idea who else is."
So, it is not age that makes folks stupid. My mother took me on a
ban-the-bomb march when I was 6. I helped disrupt a tour by the all-white
South African rugby team when I was 17. But in the town were I grew up we
had both hippies and Nazi-loving, Paki-bashing skinheads (I use the term
Paki-bashing only because that is what people called it).
We also had Young Conservatives, aging beatniks, and leftists who were so
far left they actually admired Stalin (they were so screwed up that,
despite being atheists, they protested the British government's decision to
deny a priest, jailed for helping the IRA blow up parts of Coventry,
conduct mass in prison).
Me, I'm 45 and hope I will be my own kind of libertarian until I die. My
mother is in her 70s and still working for the cause of freedom and
dignity. My brother quit banking to write security software, some of which
is causing brains to hurt at the UK's DTI. But getting back to prohibition, do the words "when will they ever learn?"
strike a chord? It is so damn obvious that prohibition=organized crime I
can't believe it isn't genetic already, like not eating things that smell
rotten. But I digress. A book worth reading on the subject, if only for the
examples and footnotes, is "Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do: The
Absurdity of Consensual Crimes in a Free Society" by Peter McWilliams Now
available in paperback, published by Prelude Press. Personally, I look forward to reading more of your postings.

@_date: 1997-07-03 03:35:50
@_author: "Stephen Cobb, CISSP" 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Dobbs Cryptography and Security CD-ROM 
Thanks for the tip. Sounds great. I just ordered mine.
Readers accustomed to "instant gratification" are warned that the publisher
is now saying "you should receive it by August 1."

@_date: 1997-12-27 06:16:26
@_author: "Stephen Cobb, CISSP" 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Dobbs Crypto CD 
Your inference was correct...on 12/23/97 I received a flyer in the mail
offering the Crypto CD for $89.95 if ordered before the end of the year!
There are some pretty strict rules about mail order advertising of products
that don't exist. I wonder if the folks at ddj are aware of this.
Hopefully, the letter "the editors are preparing to explain the delay" will
appear on the web site soon.
Certified Information Systems Security Professional
tel: 1.407.383.0977 fax: 0336 email scobb

@_date: 1998-02-28 21:09:33
@_author: "Stephen Cobb, CISSP" 
@_subject: Re: Cylink + NSA 
For more about NSA + Cylink, see The Puzzle Palace : A Report on America's Most Secret Agency, James Bamford, Viking Press, 1983, ISBN: 0140067485. Also, The Stephen Cobb Complete Guide to PC&LAN Security, TAB-Windcrest-McGraw-Hill, 1991, ISBN: 0830632808, page 268.
Also, this was announced in a press release in January:
Former Deputy Director of the National Security Agency Brings Security Leadership to Strengthen Customer Relationships for Cylink and Drive Product Management
Cylink Corp. (NASDAQ:CYLK), a leading worldwide supplier of network security solutions, today names William P. Crowell Vice President, Product Management and Strategy. Crowell, recently retired from the United States National Security Agency (NSA) as Deputy Director, will partner with the senior management of Cylink customers worldwide to assist them in developing and implementing strategic business plans and solutions to meet their network security needs. He also will be responsible for Product Management of all Cylink offerings. Crowell brings 17 years of executive management experience in both private industry and government to Cylink. In his previous position at the NSA, he served as Deputy Director for 3.5 years and was chief operations officer of the Agency, guiding and directing the development of strategies and polices, and serving as the principal advisor to the Director. He has extensive technical and practical knowledge of the technologies needed to achieve integrated network security, including encryption technology, digital signatures, public key management, and infrastructure issues. He also has experience managing research and development projects, and programs associated with information systems deployment. Certified Information Systems Security Professional
tel: 1.407.383.0977 fx: 0336 email: scobb
For information security info,
