
@_date: 1997-11-09 12:34:51
@_author: Steve Thompson 
@_subject: Re: Return of the Living Zundel, from The Netly News 
In local.lists.cypherpunks-moderated you write:
I took a short 'course' on hate-crimes in downtown Toronto where this goof was
the speaker.  In very short order, I had decided that his agenda was merely to
be in some small position of authority.  He's a pro-censorship freak who wants
to protect the chiiillldreeeen from views he doesn't like.  It was quite
amusing to pin him down a little -- he squirmed and stated that he _did_ want
the government to protect him from things he didn't want to hear; in a rather
shrill tone.  It made me laugh in retrospect but at the time I was, I confess,
shocked -- having encountered such idiocy only in print or on USENET.
I wish that I had been better at articulating my thoughts during some of the
discussions during the 'course'.  It was difficult to portray the idea that
well-supported arguements are the only _fair_ means to debunk someone else's
ideas with which you disagree.  I suppose that I should not have been suprised
that the other participants in the course were sympathetic to Bernie's
right-wing leanings, but there was a woman who owned or ran a feminist
bookstore who admitted that many books ordered by her store had been held (or
outright banned(?) by Canada Customs based on content; and yet, she was
more-or-less in agreement with this proto-tyrant with respect to the issue of
supressing the ideas of white supremists.
It boggles the mind.

@_date: 1997-12-05 13:05:43
@_author: Steve Thompson 
@_subject: Re: Censorial leftists (Was: Interesting article) 
In local.lists.cypherpunks-moderated you write:
Abstinance is murder.
Letting just _one_ egg miss fertilization denies that egg the chance to become
a human being.  I think that the felony charge should be manslaughter for this
crime as it's not quite as bad as:
Birth control
Birth control is nothing more than premeditated murder, though
I think that a plea-bargain in most cases should be offered: Drop the charge
to manslaughter if the perp agrees to artificial insemination with the eggs of
some woman who is unable to get pregnant due to some medical condition.
However, I hope that medical research is improved to the point where the male
can carry the child in such cases.
Just think of all of the wonderful people who won't ever be born because some
geek is wanking into a tissue, or some thirteen year old is kept from fucking
by their prudish parents.  Now _these_ people should be brought up on
accessory charges...
As for Gays and Lezbians, well, sorry but that's right out.  Such unproductive
behaviour cannot be tolerated.
