
@_date: 1995-07-16 16:34:36
@_author: Steve Thompson 
@_subject: Re: Crisis Overload (re Electronic Racketeering) 
Wish I could be more optimistic....
Speaking for an ISP startup (unoficially :), we're planning to get a small startup going within the next few weeks.  Being the technical brains behind the company (at least pertaining to the Internet), and having a strong idealistic streak, I assure you that I, for one, will be exerting as much effort as I can to promote cryptographic awareness for the users that subscribe.
Besides running the MixMaster software, I am going to devote a local newsgroup to the topic and hold an ongoing tutorial/Q&A session on the uses of crypto software.  I'll probably be posting some messages from this forum there as appropriate.
I'd like to do something neat like offer mail-drop type accounts -- accessable via telnet/POP/IMAP -- for e$, perhaps.
Being in Canada, I think I may have a little more time to get this sort of thing entrenched (on my system at least) than you do in the states, though I suspect that Uncle Sam may not even notice the border if they decide to get heavy-handed.  Perhaps I'm dreaming.
I am depressed at the direction the world is heading.  The issue to me seems to be how bad the totalitarianism will get since I think it's already here.  I'd really like to be able to move to another country... It might buy me ten to twenty years of breathing room before the United States encompasses the world.
If anyone gets ahold of any tickets on a rocket off this planet, would they please give me a call?
Steve Thompson, Internet Consultant at large -- stevet
To the sane mind, even aggression against people is infinitely better
than aggression against infinity. And it is the chief defect of sane
society that it is boring. It is so boring that even sane people
notice it. And so, from time to time, there is a war. This is intended
to divert people's minds before they become so bored that they take to
some impersonal kind of aggressive activity -- such as research, or
asceticism, or inspiration, or something discreditable of that kind.
