
@_date: 1997-11-03 08:34:01
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Copyright commerce and the street musician protocol 
The first somewhat serious treatment of this I saw was Hughes's DEFCON IV
presentation entitled, I believe, "Universal Piracy System."   The first
part proposed an Eternity-like system to anonymously publish information
which was compatible with most Web index engines.
In the second part, Eric predicted that because of the Net's economics and
anonymous mailing and publication potential copyrights were on their way
out.  He acknowledged that some workable method of artist compensation was
still needed and proposed the movie industry as a possible model.  In this
scenario a multi-level money collection and product distribution scheme
would be supported by artist reputation and completion bonds.
(Esther Dyson is a supporter of alternative publication economics, and I've
heard Eric's approach.)

@_date: 1997-11-04 10:08:38
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: NSA, Crypto AG, and the Iraq-Iran Conflict 
As I recall, this topic came up during a Cylink management meeting I
attended in late '92.  My recollection was that Cylink was asked by the
NSA/CIA to 'alter' some of its crypto units, which supposedly were being
sought by a Columbian cartele.  The party line was that we refused.  I
didn't follow up since I wasn't the product manager of that series.

@_date: 1997-11-04 12:14:46
@_author: Steve Schear 
@_subject: Re: Why porn must be stopped at all costs, by Jodi Hoffman 
Daughter and two grandchildren.
Which studies?  By whom?  Have they been independently verified and are
they accepted within the appropriate medical practice?
In any case, the First Amendment stumbling block you mention is all that
stands between enlightenment and darkness.  Personally, I think the SC is
way out of line determining who's moral values are selected in order to
define any aspect of pornography.  The 'Crowded Theater Test' should be
used for all First Amendment decisions: does excercise of this speech
(e.g., yelling, "Fire") directly endanger a particular individual or
explicitly identified individuals, not some faceless group like our youth.
Sexually explicit material should no more be restricted than other
non-sexual expressions (e.g., media violence or information on the
manufacture and use of explosives.)  Since both are protected and widely
available, so should porn of all types, no limits.
