
@_date: 1992-11-11 09:01:48
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Mac PGP 
I will try out the port that Eric Hughes just mentioned, and I also
want to make it known that I'm willing to assist in any Macintosh
efforts along these lines. (FYI - I use MPW for development). Bob Stratton     Engineer, InterCon Systems Corp
strat     +1 703 709 5525 (W)

@_date: 1992-11-12 11:28:41
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: DC 2600 mtg 
Hi all...
I was at the latter part of the Washington 2600 meeting, feel free to ask me questions if you want.
By the way, today's article about the event was yet another example of the media promoting hysteria about technologically competent people. The whole article was of the "A hacker is someone who breaks into systems" model. It makes me sick, and I think that the crypto community (the part NOT employed by DoD) is next for this sort of misrepresentation.
Bob Stratton     Engineer, InterCon Systems Corp.     strat
+1 703 709 5525 (W)

@_date: 1992-11-13 09:14:22
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Re: DC 2600 mtg 
In the case of the recent Washington Post article, I know for a fact that they're being misrepresented. I am one of the original attendees of that gathering, and I've been a professional in the computer industry for the past 9 years, not some rodent cracker downloading /etc/passwd files.
Most of the people regularly attending that gathering are not involved in illicit acticity, but rather are computer and radio hobbyists, and in many cases are employed in those fields. I can personally attest to the fact that most of the discussions involve new hardware (announcements and purchases), and people's social lives.
I'll grant you that 2600 frequently publishes items from miscreants, but the publisher's consistent goal has been to raise public awareness of the risks of various technologies, and their social side-effects. Unfortunately, the media environment in the country seems more oriented to hysteria and glossing over facts.
That's my point exactly - the media has all but abolished the distinction. They'd rather incite fear of the technically knowledgeable than educate the populace and the legislatures. The upshot of this are things like the "all hackers break into computers" definitions we frequently read, as well as the blatant misrepresentations on the part of cellular service providers that "your calls are private because it's illegal to listen to them". The papers and TV stations don't want to hear the fact that I can take an old TV set and listen to cellular phone calls without modifying it.
I spend a lot of time with younger aspiring hackers in the hopes that I can help them establish productive goals, especially as regards careers. I do this for three reasons: 1) It's more personally satisfying to be paid for a job, than to have to look over your shoulder for law enforcement types. 2) The world's a little bit safer for every cracker who gets steered into a productive career.
3) My personal experience is that many of the college graduates with CS degrees these days are code grinders with no understanding or enthusiasm for an aesthetic engineering solution. I'd much rather see people who love what they do designing the things I use every day.
I don't want to get too far afield of the topic of this list, so I'll stop here, but I really do believe, based on the precedents with firearms, radio receivers (scanning and paging), and recent law enforcement proposals, that cryptographic technology will be the next example vilified in the press of "things only evil people use".
Bob Stratton     Engineer, InterCon Systems Corp.     strat
+1 703 709 5525 (W)

@_date: 1992-11-24 18:16:51
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Re: The List is YOURS, So Speak Up! 
Hi all,
After Tim's stirring message about the use of the list, I couldn't help but drop a line to the list myself.
I'm yet another person interested in Mac implementations of PGP, and encrypted mailers. I work for a Macintosh software company as a developer, but have spent most of the last several years working with big machines, so I haven't picked up all of the bad habits that I see Macs furthering across the Net. (Most of these have to do with writing unportable code, as if no other manufacturers' hardware matters.)
I'm also sort a mailer weenie, so this talk of encrypted mailers has me quite interested. I've started studying more of the fundamentals (I've only read David Kahn's book, back in 8th grade, which was a while ago :-) I'm especially interested in the MIME/PEM issues, and fervently request coredumps from anyone who's been following those to date. My company (which I DO NOT speak for) develops TCP/IP based communications software for the Mac, so needless to say, a nice RSA-encrypted Mac mailer could fall within our purview. My company is also very interested in privacy issues. In point of fact, the VP of Engineering and I recently addressed a Virginia state assembly subcommittee for purposes of having them remove SSNs from driver's licenses.. (YAY!)
I'm new to tbe Mac world, but not the mailer world. I shall try to be a resource for this list's work. There's another person here who's also interested in the GUI design for a new Mac incarnation of PGP. I see a couple of possible UI features:
 - Live folders, for drag and drop en/decryption
 - Encryption to/from the clipboard (which is basically what I'm doing now,  - An  MPW tool implementation, with pipes. (I suspect that I'd use this I want to reiterate the sentiment posted by several to KEEP THINGS PORTABLE. I know it's not chic for a Mac developer to say that, but so be it.
Bob Stratton     Engineer, InterCon Systems Corp.     +1 703 709 5525
"The Constitution's not perfect, but it's a damn sight better than what we have now."

@_date: 1992-11-30 01:30:00
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Secure key exchange 
I have to echo Phil's comments here. One of the things that might be
worth a few minutes is for this group to hash out (pun intended) a set
of guidelines for "when it's o.k. to sign a key". I have been
talking to some people about personal applications of cryptographic
technology, and I'm frequently surprised when even people with a DP
security background want to rush to certify keys they've received via
email, etc. I'm thinking something along the lines of "If I'm in a real-time
communications mechanism, and on the phone at the same time, and I
receive their key at the moment when they told me they hit the return
key - then it's probably theirs"...It would be prohibitive to list all
of the possible permutations, but it might go a long way toward
building the right habits if we brainstormed about a few firm
guidelines for the uninitiated as to what constitutes responsible key
management. I confess to some personal bias, because I know the PEM folks are
watching to see how robust our key distribution "web" becomes over the
course of its evolution, and I'd like to be able to show them a
convincing argument against centralized key management, empirically...

@_date: 1992-12-16 01:44:48
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Inf0 
I believe that InterPact, a company operated by Winn Schwartau that
also publishes the "Security Insider Report", does this type of work,
They're in Houston, I think.

@_date: 1992-12-17 18:03:16
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: TEMPEST Question 
My understanding, being only a moderate RF weenie, is that UARTs, the
devices which, more often than not, are driving your serial ports,
generate an emission very much like good old frequency shift keying.
It makes sense - having listened to computers on radios before. Think
in terms of sound first, as it's easier. A given sound represents a
"1", and another tone is "0". You waver back and forth between the
tones to describe the data you're transmitting. The idea is that some of the normal emission characteristics from
components in computers (like UARTs) correspond to this sort of
modulation. With regard to machine types, if it's a serial line, it's fairly easy
to map the communications into a set of probably protocol suites. If
you know *anything* about the use of the machine, it becomes a lot
easier. For instance, given an intercept of TCP/IP traffic over a SLIP
line, I could probably reconstruct a TELNET session log, but it's
nowhere as easy as just reading a terminal session on a link to some
You might also think in terms of things other than screens and modem
cables. For instance, many keyboards emit RF as they are used. It's
not irrational to suspect that these emissions might be tied in some
way to the use of the keyboard - I have an old FCC Class A Wyse
terminal that sounds different depending on which keys I hit. Since we
know that every piece of equipment has a uniquely identifiable (even
compared to other units of the same type) emission signature, it's not
too outlandish to expect that different key encodings in a keyboard
might generate different emission patterns.
It's weird stuff, and some people would rather not have the world
learning how to do this. In fact, Van Eck's original article is known
to have some deliberate misinformation in it, as the author didn't
want to make it "too easy" to learn how to do this kind of ELINT.

@_date: 1993-01-14 12:57:07
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Persecution of anon remailers 
Things like this are what organs like Computer Underground Digest,
a.k.a CuD, are always crying for. It might not be bad to bounce a message or two to the RISKS Digest as
well. The best way to fight this sort of quite strangulation is to
bring it out into the light. People are starting to look at the Internet as a nascent version of
the next ubiqitous telecommunications technology. If we speak from the
stand of "we want to have privacy technology ready for the day the
general public gets this technology, and these guys are getting in the
way...", then we have an opportunity to get the libraries,
researchers, and other current net users up in arms about these
developments. Bob Stratton     Engineer, InterCon Systems Corp.	strat
+1 703 709 5525

@_date: 1993-01-26 22:42:12
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: 5th Amendment and keys 
current assessment. I was at a meeting with him over the weekend, and
he said he's slowly growing more optimistic with regard to this very
issue, as a result of some precedents he found.
on his every word. :-)

@_date: 1993-02-20 07:04:10
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: anonymous mail 
Are you sure? If that's true, then someone along the way is munging
the headers pretty badly, because my Received: lines show it going
pmantis -> toad.com -> me
--Strat, being a mailer weenie

@_date: 1993-02-27 12:40:04
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
That doesn't surprise me in the least. There's a paradigm shift going
on in the networking community, but it's difficult to tell which way
it's going to land. The US, in have a very open, almost anarchic
protocol development process based highly in meritocracy, built
the core of the Internet while everyone else in the world was working
to start passing 128-byte X.25 packets, and trying to decide how much
to charge per packet.  The unfortunate reality is that the same people overseas have found
the "golden goose", and are trying to figure out how to domesticate
it. The U.S. Government and the industry marketeers aren't helping,
either. I see a growing bureaucratization of the standards process
which may well not advance development much.
I think a lot of this is a combination of the "One lifetime phone
number would be great" phenomenon, and a lack of imagination regarding
pseudonymity. I think that we should start writing RFCs for any and
all applicable technologies and throwing them into the arena. At best,
we might get stellar contributions, at worst, we might slow down the
juggernaut that is the ISO.
I think that remailer authors should seriously consider spec'ing out
their technology and publishing RFC's as soon as possible. The
development of on-line markets seems to be one of the best-kept
secrets on the Net. I only know of a handful (if that) of companies
actively working on such things, but they're not known outside of
their own backyards.
Laissez faire,

@_date: 1993-02-28 08:41:31
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Real life pseudonyms (was re: more ideas on anonymity) 
Not being a lawyer, but an engineer with unhealthy interest in such
matters, I've looked a few things up and it appears that in most
relationships, using an assumed name is not fraud, unless "intent to
defraud" is present. Needless to say that's not very clear-cut these
Again, using aliases does not appear to be "malum in se", that is,
evil in and of itself. BUT, one thing I found in the course of doing a Westlaw search on the
use of Social Security Numbers:The federal laws on SSN use were
amended for the purpose of preventing welfare fraud, and wound up with
a potentially threatening modification. The law used to say that it
was illegal to give an invalid SSN in certain circumstances, for the
purpose of obtaining gov't benefits inappropriately.
The bad news is that it says that, but with "or for any other purpose"
appended. Thus, it appears that tossing around bogus SSNs (which are
still on many driver's licenses - sigh) could well be an offense in
and of itself. I'll try to dig up the citations.

@_date: 1993-02-28 18:28:35
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: header field indicating an anonymous address 
I think that's certainly a viable idea. Of course, the Sender: field
is more honored in the breach than the observance by many mailers.
Another thing to remember is "Errors-To:" which can save a lot of
grief when handling bounces. It would warm my heart to see questions like this come up at IETF
meetings. Keep up the good work.

@_date: 1993-03-05 00:53:21
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted voice protocol? 
I don't know how many of you are at sites on the MBONE, or multicast backbone. There are already a few pieces of code out there for experimentation with transmission of audio and video information, in a variety of forms/encoding, and probably the most widely used tool, "vat - the Visual Audio Tool", already has provisions for carrying on encrypted audio teleconferences via IP. In fact, it's as simple as typing a key into a field, and the tool will DES en/decrypt the conference. --Strat, budding multicast weenie

@_date: 1993-03-07 16:48:05
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Mailer weirdness 
I don't think it's lame to bring up stuff like inadvertent disclosures
of information via mail headers. My first suspicion was (and still is)
that someone BCCed the people in the Apparently-To: headers, or CCed
them, and the list exploder tried to do the right thing. Then again, I
was in that list in the copy I received, but I haven't gotten two
copies yet, so I may be all wet.

@_date: 1993-03-08 14:15:17
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted voice protocol? 
Also, if any of you who'll be at either CFP or the Saturday meeting have it, I'd love a xerox.

@_date: 1993-04-21 10:55:58
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Re: DC Cypherpunks 
Hear, hear. I think I can also swing permission to have it at my office in Herndon, if having a T1 to the Net is at all helpful. I'll ask, if anyone's --Strat, whose company actually took a position on the Clipper chip!
(It's the right one, BTW)
Help stop the wiretap chip! (a.k.a "Clipper")
RIPEM and PGP keys available on request.

@_date: 1993-04-22 17:27:14
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Re: DC meeting 
[Note: in the interests of hitting everyone interested, this message might be duplicated for several of you. Please accept my apologies in advance --Strat]
A couple of things:
- I was reading mail to post my announcement, when I read yours :-)
- I'm more than willing to defer to the majority, though I think there's something to be said for networking the meetings, especially if we have good tools. I've also already received a great deal of response to the idea of a Saturday meeting, even from out-of-towners. To that end, I'm going to post an announcement for a Saturday meeting, and see what happens. Several of us have been planning it for a couple of days now, so don't take it personally or anything. - Paul Ferguson and a couple of others and I have been cobbling together a list of people we thought would be interested in meeting in the DC area, so as to do preliminary planning without polluting Cypherpunks too much. I can see that there are more DC area people than I had originally envisioned, which makes me happy. Sorry if we missed you originally.
- Eric and I have discussed the idea of audio teleconferencing the various meetings, either via the Internet or by phone. I've got both a Sun IPC equipped to do the former, and a Western Electric conference telephone (and 6-
way on my switch) for the latter. Well readers, which do you prefer?
Help stop the wiretap chip! (a.k.a "Clipper")
RIPEM and PGP keys available on request.

@_date: 1993-04-22 17:43:28
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: MEET: Ad Hoc Washington meeting Saturday 4/24/93 
going to hold out our original offer of a Saturday meeting, April 24th, from 2:00PM until sometime not later than 8:00PM, at the offices of:
InterCon Systems Corporation
950 Herndon Parkway
Suite 420
Herndon, Virginia 22070
267). From the Beltway, take 267 West to exit 2 (Herndon), and make a right onto Eldon Street. Go through the traffic light at Herndon Parkway (there'll be a shopping center with a big Giant Food on your left), and make an immediate right into the office building on the corner of Eldon and Herndon Parkway labelled "Ford Center".
is, and I'll come down and let you in. If you find a way, in, take the elevator to the 4th floor, and walk straight out of it to our office door, which you'll be looking at when the elevator doors open.
rear entrance, but you'll have to get them to find me, and I don't know what extension we'll be at, so the operative word is "punctuality". I'll make periodic sweeps to the FRONT entrance to look for people, but I can't canvass every door looking for people coming by later. If you come by, and don't see an easy way in, wait by the Riggs Bank ATM entrance, and someone will let you in.  (I'll need volunteers to occasionally do that, BTW)
Help stop the wiretap chip! (a.k.a "Clipper")
RIPEM and PGP keys available on request.

@_date: 1993-04-26 22:47:14
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Markey hearings on Thursday will be on the Internet MBone 
Hrm..That's interesting. If you're on the MBONE, the Session Directory
tool should show you upcoming events, and let you select them. It also
fires off the appropriate client software with the proper arguments,
which is the Right Thing. I'm on the remote conferencing mailing list (rem-conf and I
have yet to see an announcement. If I can find it, I'll tape it. John, have your friend drop me a note with any details he might have,
because the regular channels haven't had any information on this. Any
pointers might help me track it down.

@_date: 1993-04-29 11:50:53
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Re: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
The Macintosh RIPEM client does/will have certificate creation functionality RSN. In fact, RSA's even running a low-security persona certification authority that interoperates with them, as we speak.

@_date: 1993-05-04 14:25:42
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: checks 
Much as I respect you Eric, I direct your attention to the myriad of "checks" being sent out by AT&T and MCI, to name a few offenders. These bear the legend: "endorsement of this check constitutes your acceptance of  as your long distance carrier."

@_date: 1993-05-26 10:29:26
@_author: Bob Stratton 
@_subject: Re: Just the facts, ma'am. 
As one of the former tech-weenies at Express Access, and now just a friend with no formal association to the business, I feel compelled to give you my thoughts on that particular service provider. Rarely will you find a system administration staff more concerned with your privacy that the guys at Digital Express Group. As I recall, the set of username->real name mappings isn't even on machine readable media on the system. When I was working with them, we had a big book, and people only accessed the book when absolutely necessary, for instance to inform a user of a file system problem or the like. In fact, on several instances, I would ask other staff people who a particular username belonged to when I had a need to contact them - more often than not, they/we couldn't remember, and I had to look it up anyway. This was by design. From day one, there was a policy of not disclosing customer information to ANYONE without a warrant. To date, thankfully, I don't think that it's been put to the test, though I have no doubts as to the grief they'll give those trying to get the information. The original machine room was one of the best jobs of low-cost RFI/EMI shielding construction I've ever seen. (BTW, the foam insulation with foil on both sides is a boon to mankind.) It wasn't really intended to keep people from looking emissions as to keep the emissions from wiping out all the shortwave receivers in use, but hey, every little bit helps.
I'm still a user there, and I have a hell of a lot of respect for that crew. I would also implicitly trust them as a site for anonymous remailing, key certification, or the like. I hope that becomes a part of their business focus in the future, because we need service providers who won't be intimidated.
