
@_date: 1998-09-19 09:32:39
@_author: Stu Green 
@_subject: Re: IP: Tougher laws are sought to seize cash (fwd) 
Jim, Et al,
Recently I heard the retelling of a 'verbal memo' given contracted security
folks at Miami International Airport concerning spotting people with
'excessive cash'.  Besides the racist profiles and the cues of buying a
ticket with cash, destinations were high on the list and Las Vegas was the
most often mentioned destination for a 'good collar' (ie. cash
confiscation).  The feds are offering a reward of a percentage of what is
confiscated to the informants, in this case ticket sellers, baggage handlers
and local security providers (contractor and local police).  Seems that
bring more than 4 -5 K worth of green to gamble with is an excuse for
confiscation with no charges ever being made.  The operative mode here is an
assumption that they'll snag some wise guys and they won't freak and try to
regain their bucks....bad assumption and bad intentions.  This is the kind
of citizen vs. citizen activity that the East Germans and their Nazi mentors
were master in establishing and effecting.  The best way to destroy trust is
to a profit incentive to poke your face into your neighbor's garbage can and
report the droppings to the collectors of irrelavant information at the
ministry of injustice.

@_date: 1998-12-07 04:13:48
@_author: Stu Green 
@_subject: The Open Source Initiative needs your help [FYI  -  Stu] 
Approved: linux-announce (Mikko Rauhala)
Followup-To: comp.os.linux.misc
Newsgroups: comp.os.linux.announce
Old-Date: Mon, 30 Nov 1998 23:19:37 -0500
Organization: Eric Conspiracy Secret Labs
Xref: cyclone.swbell.net comp.os.linux.announce:3567
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
The Open Source Initiative needs your help.
The Open Source certification mark is a valuable tool for turning on
everybody interest in software on to our way of doing things.  But for
it to keep working, we have to make sure it doesn't get legally diluted.
(This is a legal requirement; if we don't enforce the mark, we lose it.)
We're a handful of unpaid volunteers.  There are a lot of potential diluters out there.  We need you to help us keep an eye on them.
If you see the term `Open Source' (or even the lower-case
`open-source') being used to describe software with distribution
conditions that don't fit the Open Source Definition, please
inform us at All the misuses we've seen so far are accidental.  We gently set those
people straight.  In the process, we try to educate them and
bring them fully into the open-source community.  If there is
ever deliberate or malicious abuse, we will be ready to do what
is necessary on behalf of the community.
Thanks in advance.
