
@_date: 1995-12-12 05:43:51
@_author: Mark Twain Ecash Support 
@_subject: Re: Questions for Mark Twain Banks 
It is probably going to be me...
--Lucky Green
--Mark Twain Bank Ecash Support
  Ecash. The secure Internet payment system that protects your privacy.

@_date: 1995-12-14 03:13:34
@_author: Mark Twain Ecash Support 
@_subject: Re: Timing Cryptanalysis Attack 
DigiCash has been aware of the timing problem for years. Especially as it
relates to smartcards, for which you can get timings down to the clock
cycle. Cosequently, both DigiCash's smartcards and DigiCash's Ecash use
fixed timings.
--Lucky at work
--Mark Twain Bank Ecash Support
  Ecash. The secure Internet payment system that protects your privacy.

@_date: 1995-12-07 08:09:15
@_author: Mark Twain Ecash Support 
@_subject: Re: Still more on the Digicash protocol 
Let us contemplate in which type of situation the payee will send such a
wildcard coin. To pay a shop via TCP? No. The payment request comes in with
the shop ID. The resulting payment won't be done with a wildcard coin.
So when will the user pay with a wildcard coin? To make a payment to a party
that is (pseudo-) anonymous to the payor. That is, if the payor sends the
payment via anonymous remailer, in which case the messages should be
encrypted anyway.
[Why a remailed message should be encrypted is left as an exercise to the
As mentioned before, this will be fixed.
[Argument in support of claim elided... I am not conviced.]
One more time: this is only an issue if the payor is using a secure http
connection. Otherwise, you can gather all that information with out without
Ecash. The next release will use an already established SSL connection to
transmit this information, should the payor request it.
This is raising an issue that has nothing to do with Ecash. The complaint is
in fact about the lack of a gereral link encryption on the Internet. I agree
that this is needed, but providing it really isn't Ecash's job. I am eagerly
anticipating the general use of IPSEC.
That's why the next version will use existing SSL, should the user so desire.
Will do.
Writing all this down takes time. DigiCash may hire a tech writer soon. That
should improve communications between all parties.
--Lucky Green
--Mark Twain Bank Ecash Support
  Ecash. The secure Internet payment system that protects your privacy.

@_date: 1995-12-08 10:24:10
@_author: Mark Twain Ecash Support 
@_subject: Re: Still more on the Digicash protocol 
DigiCash agrees that it is desirable to encrypt the payment request. The
problem is how? You can't use the payor's public key, since the payor is
anonymous to the payee. There are other, high overhead, protocols that might
be used, but after taking MIM into account, securing the payment request
from within Ecash while retaining acceptable latency is much harder to
acomplish than one might think. The best solution at this time seems to be to use the already existing https
connection to transmit the payment request. The next version of Ecash will
offer this feature as an option to the user.
--Mark Twain Bank Ecash Support
  Ecash. The secure Internet payment system that protects your privacy.
