
@_date: 1994-08-22 22:07:25
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Why to define "government" generously 
I'm a libertarian, an anarchist even.  I used to say that government--
properly defined--was what I was against.  James A. Donald seems to think
that way; he closed a recent letter like this (the signature is relevant):
This is the "monopoly on force in a geographical area" definition of
government.  It's also pretty much government as we know it.  It's a
fundamentally bad idea and it's what James and I are against.  But I don't
think it's a good definition of "government."
The reason is that what most people mean by "government" is a set of
services, the main ones being what James calls "true law": police, courts,
and defense--protection services for large numbers of people.
Now it's true that most folks lump this in with all the features of
government as we know it--they think that a monopoly on force is
necessary to produce protection services--but it's bad to define
"government" based on that confusion.
The reason is that people like me (and James, judging from his signature)
would still like protection services to be available to people.  When
"government" can plausibly be used to mean those good things, then it's
bad to narrow the term to mean the worst aspects of government as we know
it.  What is the point?  So that we, a minority, can have a convenient term
to name what we're against?  So that our position can be stated in as few
words as possible, or sound as striking and radical as possible?  So that
we can sound like we know what we're talking about by knowing the *real*
definitions of terms?  So we can use the same terms consistently forever?
I think it's bad to define your position in terms of what you're against
because it's backward-looking.  There are at least as many problems in the
future as in the past.  Arguing over or refining definitions is a sign
you've wandered into a timesink.  Make up some temporary terms for what
each side is talking about and get on to content.
 --Steve
- - - - - - - - - -
why did the chicken cross the infobahn?
finger for more info.

@_date: 1994-08-25 17:53:17
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Arizona State Email Non-Privacy Policy 
Dear Cypherpunks-
A friend mailed the following questions, which I have edited.
Please Cc: any replies to me for now as I'm getting back on cypherpunks after
the digest was shut down.
Note: A.S.U. is Arizona State University, in Tempe (next to Phoenix).
Quite a few people answered (thank you all) my earlier question by saying that
doing your own encryption is the best solution.  True in a way, but I know
there are "student rights" groups that specifically work to intimidate
college computer administrations into modifying these sorts of policies,
also setting up standard privacy policies, etc.  Is there some other mailing
list or newsgroup where I would find them?
 -- forwarded by Steve - - - - - - - - - -
why did the chicken cross the infobahn?
finger for more info.

@_date: 1994-08-28 20:21:19
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Bad govt represents bad people? 
John Kreznar replies-
John seems to mean 1) the people are bad, and 2) people who believe the
people are good try to influence politicians.  Point 1:
Saying that a bad government is just representing bad people gives it more
credit than is due.  Sure, that's what it claims to do, but does that have
anything to do with reality?  The whole is different from the sum of the
parts.  Besides the parts there is their arrangement.  Government as we know
it is a bad arrangement of people.  It contains positive feedback
structures that amplify certain mistakes instead of correcting for them.
The bad things that happen with governments often play on people's
irrational fears and psychological "hot buttons."  They also make use of
the news media's eagerness to cover certain kinds of subjects and events.
A feedback loop will take advantage of whatever signal paths are out there.
So, you have people whipped up into showing their worst sides, and then
given exaggerated coverage on the news.  It's hard to say what would give
a true picture of what most people are like.
On the other hand, governments contain negative feedbacks (formerly
called checks and balances) that can sometimes make them act *more* sanely
than the average mob taken from their own population.
On John's point 2: The goodness or badness of the people has little
to do with whether it makes sense to try to influence politicians, since
they do not represent and are hardly influenced by the will of the majority
anyway.  It's the structure of government that needs changing.  What might
help change that is a complicated thing I won't go far into.  But whether
you're going with or against popular opinion probably has never mattered
as much as how clever, ruthless, resourceful, well-connected, etc. you are.
 --Steve
- - - - - - - - - -
why did the chicken cross the infobahn?
finger for more info.

@_date: 1994-08-28 21:34:23
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Sendmail & POP for PCs & Macs w/TCP? 
Is there any reason sendmail and POP shouldn't compile fairly easily for
PCs and Macs that have TCP/IP support?  If that was done, couldn't I
configure my Eudora to talk to a local sendmail and POP (TCP/IP within my
own machine) which would then do whatever fancy filtering and then talk to
the remote sendmail and POP?
Can sendmail receive mail through POP?
Or would it be easier to write an SMTP/POP intermediary from scratch?
Or, jeez, has this all been done?
 --Steve
- - - - - - - - - -
why did the chicken cross the infobahn?
finger for more info.

@_date: 1994-08-29 21:30:51
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Bad govt represents bad people? 
John Kreznar responds-
Yah.  I just meant "bad" to stand for something we were discussing: people who
want to benefit from your being taxed, or restrict your freedoms gratuitously.
Right, the problem is more than just people in government.
I was just contradicting the idea that (as Tim May says) people get the
government they deserve.  Certainly not all people, maybe not most "deserve"
this deal.
Yeah, I said that cleverness, etc. helped to influence but left out
persistence, volume, high profile.  But not representativeness.
Yup.  Whoops.  There's a footnote in one of Bruno Bettleheim's books--
he says professional organizations resemble the guards recruited from among
the prisoners in concentration camps.  They both start out wanting to defend
their fellows from the tyrants, but through compromise they end up being
the ones who deliver the tyranny.
You're right, the problem is bigger than government.  Also, I was using
"government" in the sense of "whatever way protection services are
arranged for" rather than "government as we know it".  (But I've blabbed
enough about that usage.)
 --Steve
 - - - - - - - - - -
It is said a Shao Lin priest can walk through walls.
Looked for, he cannot be seen.
Listened for, he cannot be heard.
Touched, he cannot be felt.

@_date: 1994-08-30 23:39:03
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Bad govt represents bad people? 
Tim says:
Right, and I was saying maybe not even majority rule or will of the herd,
but a system with a dynamic of its own.  People get the government they
don't know how to stop.  I don't know what to expect of everyday people
when even the brightest anarchists haven't found a working solution.
 --Steve
 - - - - - - - - - -
It is said a Shao Lin priest can walk through walls.
Looked for, he cannot be seen.
Listened for, he cannot be heard.
Touched, he cannot be felt.

@_date: 1994-08-30 23:39:20
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Fun with local TCP/IP & FTP 
I just tried firing up the FTP server in NCSA Telnet, and then accessing it
via Fetch (an FTP client), all on my home Mac.  Various error messages when
I quit one or the other app, but IT WORKS when MacTCP is set to LocalTalk,
or set to PPP *and* I'm dialed into my "provider."  However, doing it with
PPP running, no packets seem to go across the modem.
Yo babes lookit me truckin' now.
I'm told MacTCP doesn't use the standard Berkeley sockets calls.
Is this true?  Is there a library to translate?
 --Steve
 - - - - - - - - - -
It is said a Shao Lin priest can walk through walls.
Looked for, he cannot be seen.
Listened for, he cannot be heard.
Touched, he cannot be felt.

@_date: 1994-09-11 20:40:14
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Re: Cracking MD5 for $10M 
I like to call this the "two race cars" algorithm--you start a fast car
ahead of a slow car on a single-lane track, and if the fast one runs
into the slow one it's a looped track.
Funny, just two weeks ago a coworker put a 32-bit CRC function into
the programming language I use, and I was playing with finding collisions.
(I bet a dollar there would be a non-trivial collision between CRCs of the
76,000 files on our biggest disk and lost.)
Has anyone mentioned using this sort of method to generate same-hash texts
with, say, opposite meanings?
David Wagner says--
Seems to me that even if lots of random starting points drain into
the same cycle, you've still got lots of collisions.  Either points where
the sequences join the cycle, or points where different tributaries join
each other before joining the cycle.
 --Steve
 - - - - - - - - - -
They say the User exists *outside* of the net.
No one knows for sure, but I intend to find out!
 --ReBoot (Saturday morning 3D animated cartoon)

@_date: 1994-09-20 18:48:43
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: A meme about politics of country X 
Now there is a scary thought.  We need a counter-meme.  (Mike Godwin has
a fun article about how he invented a counter-meme and watched it spread,
in the latest *Wired*.)
My meme is: "Boy, don't immitate what *Washington* (or insert your country's
capital here) is doing, those Americans (or whoever) have let their
government go *totally* haywire."
This requires a little support.  For America it's easy (your mileage may
"Americans all think they're outlaws and ignore what's going on in
government.  They just buy lawyers and accountants and don't think
about it.  The people in Washington get no feedback from the public
so they watch TV for ideas.  Bad cop shows, mostly."
I think it works best if you only talk about one country this way in any
given context.  If two people use the same meme about different countries
in the same context, they can say, "Is it that way *there*, too?  Oh, my."
 --Steve
 - - - - - - - - - -
Steve Witham's .sig contains four a's, one b, two c's, two d's, twenty six e's,
six f's, two g's, three h's, ten i's, one j, one k, two l's, two m's,
twenty n's, seventeen o's, one p, one q, five r's, twenty nine s's,
twenty-one t's, four u's, six v's, twelve w's, four x's, five y's, and one z.

@_date: 1995-08-21 20:07:52
@_author: Steve Witham 
@_subject: Eric Hughes? 
Eric Hughes, if you're listening, please send me a note so I can update
my address file.  I don't receive cypherpunks right now.
 --Steve Witham   -
