
@_date: 1993-02-28 09:09:37
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: a few opinions, unasked 
1) Within a couple of years I am going to be setting up a network of
systems incorporating (among other functions) remailing.  I won't know
the 'true' identity of my subscribers any more than anyone else will.
If someone PROVES to me that a particular pseudonymous account has been
used for conspiracy to initiate force or committ fraud, I will shut it down.
But then, the (former) user can just obtain a new pseudonymous account
from me, and I won't even know it is the same guy.  So what's the point?
Quit discussing whether or not we SHOULD restrict anonimity or pseudonymity.
We CAN'T, because there are jerks like me who will set up systems which
will provide for total anonymity of subscriber applications.
End of thread, I hope.
2) Use of false ID is illegal in New York State, and (I think) throughout
the United States.  The definition of false ID is fuzzy, however.  If you
modify your driver's license or other government-issued ID, definitely a
crime.  However, if you obtain legitimate ID from someone under a name other
than the one you mostly use, that is not necessarily fake ID.  for instance,
if I am known to Joe's ID Cards-Are-Us as Mr. John Smith, and he issues me
an ID card in that name, neither of us has committed a crime, UNLESS there is
intent to use it to defraud or committ some other crime (such as obtain
admission to an alcohol-serving establishment if under legal drinking age).
How do I know? I moonlight as a bouncer at a bar, and (unique!) have actually
read SOME of the applicable law.
3) The ratio of philosphical ramblings to pragmatic how-to information is
pretty high.  For me personally, that means (S+N)/N < 0 dB.  Is there a
forum for discussion strictly of how to do it on a commercial basis or
society-affecting scale? I already have my philosophical house in order
(IMnotsoHO) and can't afford to waste time in discussion vs action.  I don't
wish to insult anyone, this discussion here has tremendous value, just not
to me right now.
4) Anyone got any idea how I plan to provide pseudonymous accounts on a
commercial (read, I MAKE MONEY AT IT) basis, while maintaining total
anonymity of subscriber applications (and pseudonymity of payments on
account)? I have a plan, but would like to see if it is obvious before
explaining it; also, I would like to see if there ar other ways to do it.
Who is John Galt?
Stuart W. Card

@_date: 1993-03-01 20:44:52
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: volume 
I know better than to send an unsubscribe message to the whole list, but...
I really like this stuff.  I intend fully to set up my own remailer
Real Soon Now :-)
Unfortunately, the rigors of grad study + running a struggling business
don't permit me to keep up with all the reading.
So, thanks all, I'll be back this summer.
Stuart W. Card

@_date: 1993-03-01 20:35:00
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Yanek Martinson <yanek@novavax.noval.edu> 
I tried to respond directly to Yanek Martinson
 directly without success.
Could someone please directly e-mail me a good
address for him? Thanks.
Stu Card

@_date: 1993-10-09 10:19:32
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: distributed autonomous networks 
Meteor bounce is real.  Ask anyone in military communications.
It is not easy and it is not cheap (in present equipment volumes).
The antennas tend to be bulky as well.  But it is an option.

@_date: 1993-10-09 10:20:56
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: distributed autonomous networks 
Don't try to forward messages to their destination.  Instead, forward
them to several sites distributed around the net, and folks can check
their messages via the net from whatever site is closest to them.
I would suggest using public keys in lieue of MAC addresses, and
Shamir sharing really sensitive stuff.

@_date: 1993-10-09 10:21:22
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: distributed autonomous networks 
At present, nobody knows how to RDF (radio direction find) the sources
of meteor burst transmissions.  But I know for a fact (from R&D proposal
solicitations) that the military is trying to figure out how.

@_date: 1993-10-09 10:35:56
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
I do not know of any way that the network can know where you are
without there being a way that someone (net operators or authorities)
can use that knowledge.  I feel it is better to let the user go get
his stuff via the net, versus have his stuff come to him.

@_date: 1993-10-10 08:19:42
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: PHONE PRIVACY: real-time billing with digital postage 
I am presently looking into leasing fiber plant to set up a secure net
with some of the attributes Nick Szabo mentions.  Without enhancements
to his scheme, however, I do not see how my cuso tomers can be sure
that I am not recording traffic routine g, even if I claim that I am not.
Furthermore, what is to prevent third parties from taping my      ping my trunks
and decoding the signalling which is used to direct the route switching?

@_date: 1993-10-12 08:41:28
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: The Bank of the Internet!? (fwd) 
Douglas Barnes writes --
IMHO, this is part of the answer to Perry's concerns regarding the
difficulty of getting it right.  Multiple digital CU's and other
similar projects will try different approaches; eventually creativity
and natural selection will evolve a usable system through market forces.
Although I have not had Perry's experience with this sort of thing,
I tend to agree with him that the magic will be in the details, and
mostly in the NON-technical details, making this an EXTREMELY difficult
project.  But lay on! I applaud your daring, and wish you success, and
recognize that even if you fail, you will have
contributed much in the process.

@_date: 1993-10-12 09:29:53
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: transmission facilities 
Perhaps I am stating the obvious, but...
There has been a fair amount of discussion regarding setting up our
own networks of various kinds so that we don't have to live within
the strictures imposed upon us by providers (and regulators) of
'conventional' WAN's and financial networks.  This is good.  However,
thinking that this is a final solution is a delusion.  We are too few
in number; they COULD shut us down if they wanted to badly enough.
To become 'ineradicable', we must proliferate our approaches:
use LOTS of different physical plants and protocols, etc., with
numerous interrconnecting gateways.  That way, taking down a single
physical network, protocol, encryption algorithm or business strategy
does not eradicate the underground internet.

@_date: 1993-10-12 19:16:39
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
Has anyone pointed out that the ideal location for these packet repeaters
is in the cars of as many people as possible?

@_date: 1993-10-12 19:26:55
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: Secret network 
Alas, water pipes are much better for
1) noise and unintentional transmissions (which can be quite garbled
and no one cares), and
2) low frequency transmissions (which can carry only low bandwidth
Trying to transmit meaningful communications at high data rates
over water pipes would be a TREMENDOUS technical challenge,
requiring a vast amount of signal processing to compensate
for multipath reflections, impedance mismatches, thermal noise,
pickup of an almost variety of interference soures  ces,                                infinite variety of interference sources. ,
nonstationary channel characteristics, intermittent grounds,
etc etc ad infinitum (or at least ad nauseam).  Sorry about
the cold water, I have seriously considered this scheme and
believe that it can be used only for very short haul, very low
bandwidth communications (say intra-building at 300 baud).  ,
although that's a guess not a simulation result).

@_date: 1993-10-12 19:26:34
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: Spread Spectrum Decoys 
Building boards from scratch always sounds a lot cheaper than it is.
You'll find it hard to build any kind of electronics for less than $126 5.
The manufacturing cost almost always exceeds the component cost, and
you always needs l    lots of little components that you didn't think of
at first (miscellaneous glue logic, power supply, enclosure, etc.).

@_date: 1993-10-13 22:06:53
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: Spread-spectrum net (vulnerability of) 
PCS is coming.  It will support data communications at moderate rates
to and from portable (handheld) units.  We may achieve some gains by
simply using PCS with encryption.  You (I don't know who:-) may object:
every PCS unit will have an ID will   hich will be traceable to a person.
But this need not be so.  What if XYZ cmpany were to buy thousands of
PCS units to issue to its independent agents and accept billing
responsibility for all of them? XYZ could use anonymous account registration
and pseudonyms from there on out.  Thus the telcos and PCS operators get
paid (by XYZ corp.) without having to know who the individual unit users are.
XYZ can cut off an anonymous user who fails to pay his bill by telling the
telcos/PCS operators to stop accepting calls from that ID (nobody needs to
know who the deadbeat connected to that ID is).  As long as there is
sufficient prepayment by unit users to XYZ, that meritorious company can
avoid losing its shirt to repeat deadbeats who keep registering
(anonymously) for new accounts, running up big bills and not paying.
What important point am I missing here? Thanks in advance to all the
professional flamers out there who will make it clear to me :-)

@_date: 1993-10-14 18:02:03
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Secret network 
Well, I'm sure that multipath reflections would cause wave interference
which would garbel whatever was modulated on that signal, however, the
carrier wave itself would still be detectable.  Suppose you were to
broadcast a short burst of a signal at 250,000 hz into the water system.
 You would get lots of echos, noise, etc, but it would still be
detectable as a 250,000 hz signal.  It might not be possible to tell
exactly what that signal was, but you could still detect the frequency;
you could tell that, in fact, a 250,000 hz signal had been sent.  Now
you could determine the minimum interval of time necessary between
bursts for the receiver to be able to identify them as seperate bursts. Having done this, you could send 250,000 hz bursts at regular interals,
and then accompany some with 500,000 hz bursts (one bits) and leave the
other pulses without an accompanying transmission (zero bits).  I'm not
really sure what frequencies would work best, that would probably have
to be determined experimentally.

@_date: 1993-10-16 22:00:18
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: "reputation" 
Reputation is not the only thing available to depend upon when using
digital cash.  Escrow accounts coupled with Shamir sharing can push
the difficulty of cheating way beyond where it is profitable.

@_date: 1993-10-18 21:22:23
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: backing? 
I propose a simple basis for digicash: gold.
REAL gold in a depositary, for which the digicash is
basically a warehouse receipt.  Try this:
Alice purchases 10 ounces of gold and puts it in Bob the Banker's
account at a depositary institution (like the big one in Zurich
that holds much of the world's physical gold).  When she makes
the deposit, she annotates the transaction with an encrypted
message to Bob saying "This deposit from ."
Alice then logs into Bob's public access system with a pseudonymous
account (automatically generated by Bob's hacked login software).
Alice sends another message to Bob saying "Hey, that deposit you
got from  was from me: pseudonym."
Bob issues digicash to  (not knowing this is Alice),
and Alice happily spends the money under a DIFFERENT pseudonym.
OK, fire away, my head is down :-)

@_date: 1993-10-23 10:13:26
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: Re: Bidzos (RSA) on "Primetime Live" (was: cellular) 
Voice registry is far easier than you imagine.  I am in defense contracting
and have seen demos here at Rome Laboratory.  I will NEVER feel secure on
the phone again.  They can easily identify speakers, languages, keywords and
gists of conversations.  Now they are working on dialiects.

@_date: 1993-10-24 12:23:10
@_author: Stuart W. Card 
@_subject: bye for now... 
The last couple of weeks have been interesting and fun
(and have provided me with useful information upoin
which I will act shortly), but I can't keep up with the
volume.  Thanks, and see you later (when I have more time).
I will remain on the -announce list and will still be
available via direct e-mail.  bye for now...
