
@_date: 1995-08-22 15:07:56
@_author: Syrinx Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: URGENT ANOTHER SCIENTOLOGY RAID: FACTNET 
FORWARDED FROM: alt.religion.scientology
Believe it or not, Co$ has just struck again!
I just talked with Lawrence Wollersheim of FACTNet in Golden, Colorado. As
I type (10:20 a.m. PDT), Federal marshals are looking on as Co$ goons grab
all of FACTNet's computers, records, archives, and on and on.
Look for more information shortly.
Please post this EVERYWHERE. Get the word out!
A special note to T.C. May:
These are nice people, eh. Three raids for posting unsealed court documents. Get a clue Tim!

@_date: 1995-08-23 03:07:36
@_author: Syrinx Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Let Me Repeat, the Raids Must Be Stopped!  A PROFOUND THREAT TO FREEDOM OF SPEECH ON THE INTERNET 
PLEASE FORWARD TO ORGANIZATIONS AND INDIVIDUALS SUPPORTING FREEDOM OF SPEECH
ON THE INTERNET AND TO CIVIL LIBERTIES GROUPS.
As many of you may know, the Church of Scientology (CoS), represented by the
Religious Technology Center (RTC), whose primary function is to defend their
copyrights and trade secrets, performed their third raid/seizure today
against an Internet user for alleged copyright infringement.  The prior
two were against Arnie Lerma last week, and Dennis Erlich back in February.
This raid was against FactNet, an organization dedicated to public awareness
of various groups it labels as 'cults', including the Church of Scientology,
and one of its leaders, Larry Wollersheim.
[It is interesting to note that CoS owes $4 million to Larry Wollersheim based
on an award by the courts, and affirmed by the Supreme Court.  CoS has
refused for whatever reason to pay this judgement, and did very questionable
moving of assets out of California to avoid paying.  Wollersheim has currently
deposed the leader of CoS, David Miscavige, to ask him in court what happened
to the assets of the California branch of CoS.  Mr. Miscavige went into hiding
over a year ago and so has not yet been served with this subpoena.]
This raid and seizure is technically allowed under current U.S. civil copyright
law when certain conditions are met.  Congress originally allowed such raids
to deal with copyright infringement involving bootleg material, where seizing
the equipment used to produce the bootleg materials would effectively halt
production until a court could assess the claims of the copyright holder.  I
am not sure if the Constitutionality of this law has been ruled upon, but in
my opinion it oversteps the bounds of the intent of the U.S. Constitution
regarding the bounds of search and seizure.
Congress passed this law allowing seizure (in 1976) well before the advent
of computer networks.  The rationale that CoS used in convincing a judge to
issue a Writ of Seizure is that seizing the computer equipment will halt the
continued duplication of the copyright material, allegedly in violation of the
rights of the copyright owner.  This rationale does not hold any water when
considering the Internet.  Once the material is electronically disseminated
on the Internet, seizing the computer equipment used to disseminate the
material, as well as copies of the material itself, serves no useful purpose
to stop the continued dissemination of the material.  For example, the
perpetrator of the alleged copyright infringement could, if they want to,
simply purchase/rent/use a computer with Internet access, copy the material
from another site on the Internet (which observation shows exists all around
the world regarding the CoS materials), and redisseminate it as before.  The
only effective remedy is a Temporary Restraining Order (TRO) and a lawsuit
against the individual ALLEGED to have infringed on the copyrighted material
in excess of Fair Use.
Thus, these three raids by CoS were clearly unnecessary.  Furthermore,
regarding civil liberties, they are even more troubling.  In all three raids,
the entire computer, related equipment and tapes were seized by CoS for their
erasure of the alleged copyright materials, but without ANY court oversight
which would filter out data which has no relevance to the matter at hand and
which is protected by the right to privacy and other protections.  There may
also be further protection under the Electronic Privacy Act (or whatever it
is called).  A lot of private data from many people, not related to the
alleged copyright infringements, may have been compromised.
Furthermore, these raids serve to stifle Free Speech on the Internet.  In
essence, CoS is saying to the Internet community:
     "If WE feel you are disseminating our copyrighted materials in excess of
      Fair Use (and we will define what Fair Use is), then we will get a Writ
      of Seizure allowed under U.S. copyright law and take away your computer
      BEFORE the court decides on whether you exceeded Fair Use."
And if much later the court determines that the dissemination was done under
Fair Use, then there is no "effective" and "practical" remedy other than
filing a laborious and expensive countersuit, which could drag on for years,
to the detriment of the individual originally accused of copyright
infringement.  CoS knows this, and thus they really don't fear the
consequences if they overstep their bounds in this matter.
And who wants CoS to plaster the Internet and the newsmedia with their
propaganda stating that "Federal Marshalls Seized the Computer of John Doe"?
We all know that the general public may see John Doe as some criminal of
the first order because Federal Marshalls were called in to handle the matter.
This also serves to stifle Free Speech.
Thus, we must call upon Congress and the courts to fix this "loophole"
allowing these unnecessary and, in my opinion, unconstitutional raids/seizures
of computer equipment for alleged *civil* copyright infringement in excess of
Fair Use.  This "loophole" is a clear threat to Freedom of Speech.
I call upon electronic freedom activist organizations, such as EFF, and more
traditional civil liberties organizations, such as the ACLU, to do something
to stop these raids.  I think asking a Federal judge to put a *temporary*
halt on all such raids pending Federal court review on necessity and
constitutional grounds.  In addition, we should call on Congress to amend the
copyright laws to take into the special aspect of computer networks so as to
not allow the trampling of civil liberties that we've seen with the barbaric
CoS raids.
If you agree with me, do forward this to your Congressperson, to anybody you
know involved in civil liberties issues, religious leaders, etc.  Become
aware and concerned.  If you live in the U.S., you could be the next person
raided just for exercising your right to Free Speech.
Thank you for listening.
Jon Noring
For more information on the Scientology versus Internet "war", check out
both alt.religion.scientology on Usenet, and the following Web site, which
has links to nearly all Web pages devoted to the Scientology issue:

@_date: 1995-09-01 15:27:13
@_author: Syrinx Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Re: CIA & Espionage 
'Tatu Ylonen' was reported to have written:
Well, I have a letter from a United States Senator which was
received last year in response to my phone call in opposition
to the Digital Telephone Act of 1994 (S. 2375). Here's the interesting
"According to the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigations
(FBI), Louis Freeh, the number one law enforcement, public
safety, and national security issue facing us today is preserving
the ability to conduct court approved wiretaps."
In other words, retaining the ability to monitor citizen communications
is their greatest concern. This should be more than shocking to
anyone who cares about privacy.
It appears as though the primary function of the FBI and the
"intelligence services" are similarly directed. One significant
distinction is that the FBI's stated mission is directed toward
the "owners of the country" (to borrow a term from Perot).

@_date: 1995-09-15 10:57:40
@_author: Syrinx Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: No Subject 
Does this mean that if I have a link to Infoseek or
another search engine, that I, too, am hosting
pornography?  Which would be an interesting idea as far as trying to
present a "safe" way to search the Internet.  A web-
crawler or other search mechanism of choice could be started
up, and simply refuse to run searches for certain keywords.
Ideally (but impractical) any pages dug up that contain
the questionable words could be manually checked.

@_date: 1995-09-16 12:30:08
@_author: "syrinx@c2.org (Syrinx Anonymous Remailer" 
@_subject: RE: Commercial Mixmaster 
It's not the same thing, though.  PGP 2.6.2 and PGP 2.7 are
compatible.  You can compile 2.6.2 from the sources and have it
interoperate with Viacrypt 2.7.
The concern is not "commercialization", per se, but rather the use
of "commercialization" as an excuse to build in "proprietary"
features (Back doors?) for which no corresponding source code is
Since no one has made a good case for there even being a COMMERCIAL
market for Mixmaster, could there be other motives?  Without
building an anonymous e-$ infrastructure first, there's no way to
even charge for the use of a remailing service without sacrificing
anonymity, even if people were willing to pay to have messages
anonymously remailed.
No, I'm not accusing Lance.  But if he no longer has the time to
support Mixmaster, then perhaps some other crypto-friendly group
should take over the task and keep it an OPEN system, with source
code available.  In fact, even freezing Mixmaster as is would be
preferable to "improvements" that people don't/can't trust.
True, they *COULD* provide source code, but how many commerical
products come with complete source code?

@_date: 1995-09-16 15:11:20
@_author: "syrinx@c2.org (Syrinx Anonymous Remailer" 
@_subject: RE: Commercial Mixmaster 
Of course not, but it only has to *LOOK* that way.  What if, let's
say, that this new "commercial" venture offers their "new, improved"
version FREE for individual and non-profit use, much like Netscape
is now offered, while supposedly working on the "commercial"
development of the product.  Now you've got a free product in the
hands of end-users, plus it's compiled to support DOS, Win 3.1,
Win95, Mac platforms, etc., as well as the current Unix.  It doesn't
matter if a commercial market is EVER developed, just so long as you
provide a suitable "cover" motive for giving it away.  Of course,
source code is still not provided, since that would supposedly give
competitors (for this supposedly developing commercial market)
knowledge of the proprietary improvements.
The idea would be to take a standardized product and "steal" market
share from the various PGP-chaining schemes, while doing it in such
a way to provide a back door of participating TLAs. Mixmaster is a
superior product to the other schemes, but it suffers from lack of
user-friendliness and availability on commonly-used platforms.
Think about this:  if you were a TLA, can you think of a more
cost-effective solution for keeping tabs on the increasingly
THREATENING (to them) growth of anonymous e-mail?  IOW, invest a few
million to get a Trojan Horse crypto product into people's hands that
they THINK is secure, and thus trust.  Do you think they could use
brute force to crack large quantities of IDEA or 3DES encrypted
traffic for less money?  If they can't crack PGP, then get people to
switch to something they *THINK* is "more secure".
I think that's what I suggested, isn't it?  Hopefully it will be a
foreign (ITAR-exempt) individual or group.

@_date: 1995-10-03 19:27:27
@_author: Syrinx Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Re: Keyserver keyrings 
According to 'Derek Atkins':
does anybody out there maintain a current keyring that can be grabbed
via anon ftp instead? It seems like a waste of time for hundreds of
users to continually add updates to their own keyrings when the whole
keyserver ring can be picked up at one time, updates and all? ftp is
much more convenient than stringing together multiple sections received
by e-mail.

@_date: 1995-10-06 18:38:06
@_author: Syrinx Anonymous Remailer 
@_subject: Re: CancelMoose = William Nagengast? 
Well, nobody, really. Actually I feel kinda guilty about posting this
in the first place.
Sorry. I did leave out one key piece of information:
cm.org mail is handled by panix3.panix.com
cm.org mail is handled by not-a-firewall.panix.com
cm.org mail is handled by panix4.panix.com
cm.org mail is handled by panix.com
cm.org mail is handled by panix2.panix.com
That, in conjunction with the fact that moose is the email
address given for the cancelmoose, does point to the connection.
However, after a little further investigation, I don't think it really
is Mr. Nagengast. It actually appears that panix.com is running a
little remailer. As Dave Winer would say, cooooool.
You're right. My sincerest apologies.
