
@_date: 1995-07-13 11:39:36
@_author: Tom Gillman 
@_subject: Grassley's Anti-Ridiculous Act 
OK...let's see...
"shall be unlawful for any person to damage or threaten to
damage electronically or digitally stored data..."
Does that mean i can't erase my floppies anymore? :)
Or, is it that I can't say, "I'm gonna format you!" and then not do it?
Scratching your CDs would be illegal.
When you get down to it, your brain is an electrochemical computer.
You're no longer allowed to forget anything, either.
"But storage in your brain is not digital!", you say..
Electronically _or_ digitally stored.
Swapfiles are right out.
Writeable memory is out in general.
"unlawful to distribute unlicensed software..."
There goes shareware. Freeware's still okay, I guess.
Do many people treat shareware as anything more than freeware?
The Steve JAckson clause at the end about work materials is
cute, but the law doesn't seem to require giving the data back.
And the clause about being able to enter evidence obtained
electronically via 3rd party is interesting. Means an
administrator can legally store email and turn it over...
This bill is so monumentally stupid I can't believe it.

@_date: 1995-08-18 05:35:52
@_author: Tom Gillman 
@_subject: Rant Generator 
Anybody have the URL of that rant generator that was mentioned here a couple of weeks ago. Due to unforeseen circumstances, all my annotations
got lost :(

@_date: 1995-08-24 14:46:28
@_author: Tom Gillman 
@_subject: Re: brloop not working 
Use 'nice -20 brutessl -- -' instead. The '--' tells getopts() not to parse
anything else as arguments, then the next '-' will be interpreted correctly.

@_date: 1996-02-02 07:20:30
@_author: Tom Gillman 
@_subject: Re: The Boys From Brazil - thoughts on cloning Nazi servers (fwd) 
Is voluntarily offering support funding or lending? I never thought so.
I'm also unsure that web pages can be considered publishing in this partic-
ular sense. Certainly files put up on anonymous ftp cannot be considered to
be publishing. I would also dispute your use of the term 'prominent'. How
does making them available make them any more prominent than they were to begin with?
Censorship doesn't work. It doesn't stop people from believing in a point
of view. In fact, it only strengthens that point by making them martyrs.
The only combat to offensive thoughts or speech is more speech. When you
show their viewpoints to be a fallacy, they will slink away.
Censorship is a dull, poisoned, double-edged blade. It doesn't cut cleanly,
and the wound that it creates festers and makes the entire body sick. It's
also a blade that cuts both ways. If you're not careful, you might get cut
yourself. Oh, and BTW, before anybody asks: Yes, I am the sysadmin at the site where
Joe Bunkley (We call him Racist Boy) has his web site. I personally despise
his views, and might cheerfully cause him pain, given the opportunity. But I won't...because he has just as much right to believe the way he does
as any of the rest of us do. Of course, the decision ultimately rests in the
hands of those who have far more power than I do.
