
@_date: 1993-04-04 15:20:37
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Keys on public machines 
[lost attributions, sorry]
I don't find the risk of a real-time snoop to be as bad as the risk
of a future snoop finding my private key alongside encrypted files that have been stored forever (backups).
To mitigate either problem, how about having two layers of encryption: a private key to decrypt files for reading on a public machine, and a second
public/private pair to reencrypt the files for storage and transmission to the home machine.  The public machine knows the first private key (if snooped) and the second public key; only the home machine knows the second private key.  Snooping the first private key compromises only unread and future messages until the key is changed.  Messages archived in the reencrypted state are secure, but
messages archived in the unread state with the first private key are still compromised forever.  Is backing up mail directories a common practice?  Are there (probably system-dependent) ways to avoid backups,
such as anticipating or detecting when backups are about to occur,
hidden directories, file permissions, etc?
Also, this system introduces some user hostility, in that reencrypted files cannot be read again until moved to the home machine.  Another idea is to implement the relevant features of Kerberos in
a high-level client/server package that can be used to secure personal network communications of this kind.  The package could be distributed with PGP.  Nick Szabo					szabo

@_date: 1993-04-18 02:07:06
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Wiretapping chip 
I agree we should write letters, but not (or not just) to government
officials.  Consider targetting the big phone makers -- both domestic and overseas.  Let them know our privacy needs as customers -- that we want secure encryption, that means encryption with _published algorithms_ and without having the key available to _any_ third party,
be it the U.S. or any other government, or any nontrustworthy private organization.  I almost agree with Sandy that "we've won", but an important
part of the market process that brings such victory is giving
good customer feedback to communications suppliers.  Also for consideration: boycott AT&T and all other companies making
phones with the wiretap chip, and let the phone makers know about the boycott early and often.
Also I am curious specifically how (a) encrypted international
phone calls and (b) foreign-made phones will fair under this
proposal (or possible follow-on proposals when they see the
weak points in this one).  Can the U.S. government dictate
key registration to the world?
I agree with Perry that "cypherpunks" is a bad label when
these kinds of issues get raised in public, and would also add "crypto-anarchy" to that.   Our main "talking point" is privacy, and other less popular stuff is best kept -- private.
Nick Szabo					szabo

@_date: 1993-04-18 02:42:38
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Wiretapping chip: vid clips & sound bites 
I was on a Portland-area TV forum this evening and was able to raise the wiretap chip issue to a lay audience (in addition to being
in some ways a lay person myself on this issue, but quite concerned).
Here are some talking points and phrases I found helpful:
* Compared and contrasted a "wiretap chip", which gives government
agencies the keys to your private conversations, and a "privacy chip" where you keep the keys (come to think of it, I'm not sure that second
point is technically correct -- how would a truly private phone
handle the keys?)
* Compared giving government agencies crypto keys to giving the
IRS the keys to your house and filing cabinet.
* As examples I used lawyer/client, psychiatrist/patient, priest/confessor and political campaign work done over the phone.
* Showed New York Times front page story (Fri. 4/16) to the camera,
to demonstrate that this is important, not a fringe issue and that the wiretap chip is real.  Quoted Stephen Bryen of Secured Communications Technologies Inc., "I think the government is
creating a monster."
* Emphasized importance of learning about telephone and e-mail
technology, and how they can be made private with
open cryptography.  (As opposed to top-secret chip designs which
I called "closed cryptography").
* Stated that I was switching from AT&T to another provider in
protest of their selling phones containing wiretap chips.
I wanted to use a see-thru telephone as a prop to point at
computer chips inside the phone, but wasn't able to locate one
in time.
Some of this may sound corny and less accurate than a
technical presentation, but I needed to make the lay
audience at least mildly informed, sympathetic and perhaps even motivated to write their phone company or their Congresscritters within about the three minutes of air time.  Further suggestions for sound bites, vid clips etc. to use in a media campaign greatly Nick Szabo					szabo

@_date: 1993-04-20 13:33:45
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Re: WIRETAP: Non-technical statement 
I understand there are some situations where law enforcement agencies
can gain access to keys _without_ a search warrant, and furthermore
access to the keys allows wiretapping of conversations that go well
beyond the scope of the search warrant.  This might be better phrased "with, or in many cases even without, a search warrant".
Does anybody know of specific examples of wiretapping without a search warrant, or beyond the scope of the search warrant that
we can cite?  Especially famous ones (didn't Nixon wiretap Question: does there need to be a warrant to search *both*
parties in a conversation, or just one?  What if one of the parties
is a foreign citizen calling from their homeland?  What about
conference calls?
In addition to lawyer-client and doctor-patient conversations, ubiquity of the wiretap chip allows the U.S. government exclusive access to recording the following calls under the rubric of a "secure" system:
* husband-wife
* psychologist-client
* priest-confessor
* foreign tourists, businessmen, and diplomats
* international phone calls * phone calls outside the U.S. involving Clipper phones
* etc.
We might design a special press release to be sent to
the *international* press and foreign companies.  We might especially
target electronics giants like Matsushita, Phillips, Siemens, Fujitsu,
NEC, etc. that can make alternative chips if they feel there is market demand for privacy from U.S. spooks who speak of using the wiretap
chip to "enhance U.S. economic competitiveness".  This might be a joint
venture with U.S. companies like Security Technologies Inc. that AT&T and the U.S. government have screwed with their collusion.
The vast majority of consumer-product chips are manufactured outside the U.S.  It is doubtful that VLSI can compete, much less corner the market if international concern is raised over the potential U.S. wiretapping monopoly.  However, we do need to do this in such a way that we do not encourage
foreign government escrow-key schemes.  Let's use the term "wiretap chip" for the entire class of escrow-key hardware schemes.  I think
we have a shot at giving the entire class of Denning-style schemes
a bad reputation in the international community.  One desirable
foreign government action would be to ban the import of phone
equipment containing escrow-key chips from the U.S.; a very
undesirable outcome is for foreign governments to set up their
own escrow-key systems.   Primarily, we want to give wiretap
chips a bad reputation in the market.
We also need to dig up information on the phone call archives being
kept by the NSA and other agencies.  How extensive are they?  Is
there any guarantee phone calls will be deleted after some period,
or are phone calls once tapped stored forever on some CD-ROM?
Can foreign companies operating in the U.S. have any confidence that
the U.S. government is not wiretapping their phones, gleaning trade
secrets and distributing them to favored U.S. megacorps like AT&T?
If we don't have answers to these questions we need to ask them,
in public and often.
Nick Szabo					szabo

@_date: 1993-04-20 21:08:38
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: European front: wiretapping vs. GSM 
Forwarded from comp.dcom.telecom:
Organization: Motorola Inc. - Satellite Communications
Sender: Telecom
In article 1 naddy (Christian
Yes on both counts. On the air interface between the base station (
BSS ) and mobile station ( MS ) the signals are digitally encoded.
Traffic channel rate is 13 Kb/s. In addition to this, ciphering is
done to protect the signalling channel such that user data privacy is
provided then, encryption is provided for all voice traffic. As an
aside, the GSM system also assigns "alias" subscriber numbers which
are changed automatically with ( usually ) every call -- the
subscribers real phone number is never ( well, almost never ) used
over the air.
For GSM, the level of privacy for both signalling and voice is
considerable.  Just to give you an idea, encryption keys change for
each call made by the subscriber and the encryption algorithms use the
changing physical properties of the radio channel.
As a matter of fact, GSM is SO secure that several European
governments including Britain are insisting that the scrambling
algorithm ( called A5 in GSM ) be modified to allow at least
government operatives ( read "undercover eavesdroppers" ) to listen in
on suspected criminal activities. Agencies such as GCHQ, the British
government's listening post near Cheltenham and the FBI in America are
concerned that the A5 scrambling algorithm provided with the GSM
Mobile Stations is equivalent to many military systems and in fact
when exported may be adapted for military applications.
Vendors of GSM equipment are starting to run into export problems due
to the nature of the encryption / ciphering.
Although there are some industrious "scanners" out there, I dare say
that listening in on a GSM conversation will be a bit of a job.
Michael Lyman    Motorola - Iridium     Phoenix, Arizona

@_date: 1993-04-20 23:26:42
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: FAQ: Overview of crypto 
The wiretap chip has generated quite a bit of new interest in
learning how to protect our electronic privacy.  We need to
bring folks up to speed quickly on practical use of crypto,
so I'm going to write up some mini-FAQs.  Experts, please send me succinct descriptions of PGP, anonymous remailers, the Clipper wiretap chip, GMS, or anything else you feel is an important basic.  Alternatively, write up and post your own FAQ, and we'll sort it out later.
Here is an overview of computer-based crypto that Bill Stewart posted a
few weeks ago.
Nick Szabo					szabo
You can get a proper faq by ftp from rsa.com, in the directory pub/faq.
Cryptography = writing stuff only authorized people can read.  Real crypto ITAR - International Traffic In Armaments Regulations - the US has a bunch
Alice and Bob - the people sending messages to each other.
Secret-Key Cryptosystem, also called Symmetric-key or private-key -
DES = Data Encryption Standard = IBM/NSA-designed secret-key system,
IDEA - a Swiss-written secret-key system, maybe more secure than DES,
Public-Key CryptoSystem - Encryption key ke and Decryption key kd are related,
Digital Signatures - if you can do public-key crypto, then you can do the
MD-4 and MD-5 - Message Digest hashing algorithms from (?) Rivest,
RSA - A public-key algorithm developed by Rivest, Shamir, and Adelman.
RSAREF - an RSA implementation from PKP, which you may use free for personal
Key certification - Public Keys are usually long - RSA keys are often 1024 bytes.
PGP - Phil's Pretty Good Privacy program - a nice packaging of this technology
RIPEM - Mark Riordan's public-key email system, which uses RSAREF to do RSA,
More PGP info - PGP was originally written for a DOS environment (there are
Where to get things:  The fun place to shop is nic.funet.fi, by anonymous ftp,

@_date: 1993-04-20 23:39:37
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: FAQ: where to get PGP 
Here is a list of PGP sites generated by "archie".  I have checked
sony.com which has PGP 2.2 but have not checked the other sites.
If you know any of these sites to be down, out of date, etc. please
let me know and I'll update the list.  Also let me know of sites
archie did not catch.
Strong crypto is available worldwide, but the Clinton Adminstration
has threatened to ban it in the U.S.  In the age of digitial telecom
and fascist governments, strong crypto is your only guarantee of
electronic privacy.  Get it, learn it, and use it while it's still Nick Szabo					szabo
Host sony.com
    Location: /pub
      DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x        512  Apr  9 20:26  pgp
Host quepasa.cs.tu-berlin.de
    Location: /pub/os/386BSD/386bsd-0.1/unofficial/doc/software
           FILE -rw-rw-r--      12121  Feb  2 00:01  pgp
Host reseq.regent.e-technik.tu-muenchen.de
    Location: /informatik.public/comp/usenet/alt.sources
      DIRECTORY drwxrwxr-x        512  Dec  9 01:24  pgp
Host ftp.uni-kl.de
    Location: /pub1/unix/security
      DIRECTORY drwxrwxr-x        512  Feb 24 19:24  pgp
Host cwdynm.echem.cwru.edu
    Location: /scriptures/ALL.plain
           FILE -r--r--r--     167535  Sep 11 1991  pgp
Host goya.dit.upm.es
    Location: /tmp
      DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x        512  Aug 22 1992  pgp
Host walton.maths.tcd.ie
    Location: /src/misc/pgp-2.0/src
           FILE -rwxr-xr-x     316640  Oct 18 00:00  pgp
Host ftp.uu.net
    Location: /pub/security
      DIRECTORY drwxrwxr-x        512  Mar  9 15:13  pgp
Host isy.liu.se
    Location: /pub/misc
      DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x        512  Mar 11 23:54  pgp
Host ftp.luth.se
    Location: /pub/infosystems
      DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x        512  Jan 27 12:59  pgp
Host unix.hensa.ac.uk
    Location: /pub/uunet/pub/security
      DIRECTORY drwxr-xr-x        512  Mar 19 07:35  pgp

@_date: 1993-04-21 12:32:20
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Intergraph employee claims trademark violation 
Forwarded from Libernet:
Clipper TM chip is a registered trademark of Intergraph Corp.
The so-called Clipper chip which was recently mentioned here
and in other media
with respect to encryption is being used in violation of that trademark.  The Intergraph Clipper chip is a Unix microprocessor, originally developed by Fairchild Semiconductors, and has no relationship
to the encryption chip whatsoever.  I mention this here with the hope that someone reading this will
intercede before the group alt.privacy."clipper" is established.
--Al Date

@_date: 1993-04-22 16:27:48
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Re: WIRETAP: boycotts 
Agreed, not much economic pressure would come from directly boycotting Clipper phones, or for that matter from people boycotting AT&T for ideological reasons.  Rather, it would come from AT&T getting a reputation
as putting the U.S. government's needs before the needs of their customers;
and not caring very much about the privacy of their customers' phone
calls.  What international business, law firm, etc. wants to trust
their communications to a company that puts NSA wiretap chips in their phones and touts them as "secure"?  A good outcome here is for this fiasco to get wide publicity, and for Sprint, MCI, etc. to subtly use doubts about AT&T's concern for privacy in their ad campaigns.
A recent cypherpunks post refferred to a conversation with an AT&T
marketing type, who kept insisting that AT&T is very concerned about
customer privacy, it's a high priority, etc.  AT&T knows they need a good reputation for privacy.  Keep up the pressure!
Nick Szabo					szabo

@_date: 1993-04-23 02:11:46
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Privacy International (fwd) 
The following forwarded from alt.privacy.  Anybody have experience
with this group?  Have they taken a position on the wiretap chip?
Originator: rich
Organization: Privacy International
PRIVACY INTERNATIONAL
A WATCHDOG ON SURVEILLANCE
GENERAL INFORMATION
PRIVACY INTERNATIONAL - THE BIRTH OF A WORLDWIDE MOVEMENT
We are posting this in the hope that you might get involved in
a new organization which is actively involved world-wide in the
protection of privacy.
Privacy International is an independent Non Government
Organization (NGO) established in 1990 to protect personal
privacy and to monitor surveillance by governments, financial
institutions, intelligence agencies, media, political groups,
police, and other organizations.
At the invitation of its members and member organizations
throughout the world, Privacy International has conducted
successful campaigns against surveillance in  Asia, Europe and
North America. Many of these campaigns have raised awareness
about the dangers of proposals for identity cards, national
numbering systems, computer linking programmes and military
surveillance. Others have reinforced the importance of
developing laws to protect personal privacy.
WHO ARE PRIVACY INTERNATIONAL!S MEMBERS ?
Over the past three years  Privacy International has
established an outstanding and very active member network of
legal experts, human rights advocates, information systems
experts, academics, data protection experts,  social and
political scientists , and a whole range of concerned
individuals  from more than 40 countries.
These members, who comprise much of the world!s expertise in
privacy protection, form an independent network that can respond
fearlessly to problems of all kinds.
SOME OF OUR WORK
 Privacy International has conducted campaigns on a wide variety
of issues  throughout Europe, North America and Asia
 Our first campaign  was undertaken during 1991 in Thailand,
where the government had established a central population
registration and ID card system. The system,  controlled by the
powerful Ministry of the Interior, would link many departments
and ministries, and  had few legal safeguards.  A seven week
campaign by Privacy International raised awareness amongst
politicians, human rights organizations  and the public about
the potential dangers of the system.
The second campaign, concerning yet another ID card proposal was
conducted in Manila during April and May of 1991. The invitation
to Privacy International came from the Philippine Alliance of
Human Rights Advocates (PAHRA), the peak human rights NGO in the
Philippines. Several bills were pending in the Congress and the
Senate mandating the establishment of a national identity card
and numbering system. PAHRA felt that this proposal could
infringe the rights of Filipinos, and create problems for the
Philippines fragile democratic process.   A comprehensive
submission was made to the Senate of the Philippines, pointing
out the likely costs, both in economic and civil rights terms,
of the proposal.
The third campaign involved the establishment by the New Zealand
Government of a data matching and government benefits card
system known generically as the "Kiwi Card". An invitation was
issued to Privacy International by the Auckland Council for
Civil Liberties in late August, and I travelled to Auckland in
early September. The Council was concerned about the
government's plan for a number of reasons. First, the plan to
data match amongst government agencies lacked adequate legal
protection. Second, the Kiwi Card plan raised issues of
discrimination. A more general concern that developed throughout
the subsequent campaign was whether the New Zealand legal and
political system embraced enough protections and rights to
ensure that the system would not be abused.
Current Activities
THE NORTHERN IRELAND SURVEILLANCE PROJECT
 This project, the first of its type ever undertaken in Northern
Ireland, will investigate the full extent of surveillance
throughout the country. It  is to be sponsored by the Law
Faculty of the Queen!s University of Belfast.  Human rights
organizations have expressed concern for some years over the
loss of basic rights in Northern Ireland. The development of
complex and powerful information technology has increased the
risk of routine surveillance of citizens, and consequently the
loss of personal privacy in Northern Ireland has escalated. The
emergency legislation in force there compounds this unfortunate
The report will be made publicly available by the end of 1993.
THE STASI FILE PROJECT
 One of the most complex civil and political rights issues for
former eastern block countries is the dilemma of how to deal
with the files of police and intelligence organizations.  The
problem is compounded by the absence of any  international
guidelines which could be used as a benchmark.
Privacy International is planning to establish a project which
will develop international guidelines for handling police and
official files in countries which are in transition to
Privacy International has established an expert group to
develop the guidelines. he establishment of an  independent  The
group will work closely closely with members of  relevant
countries seeking to develop such legislation.
THE BIG BROTHER AWARDS
Governments, private sector organizations, credit bureaus,
police departments and the military in many countries are
engaging in programs which have the effect of eroding the rights
and privacy of individuals. These practices often breach
international human rights conventions, and threaten the balance
or evolution of free and open societies. In many cases,
information technology is used for the purposes of increasing
the power of authorities, while diminishing the rights of
individuals. These violations occur  in all parts of the  world.
The Big Brother awards  sponsored by Privacy International, will
be given to the organization, initiative, government or act
which is most invasive of private life, or which is responsible
for the most dangerous and intrusive acts of surveillance.
Privacy International believes that there should be a more
widespread awareness of these practices. We believe people have
the right to know when governments or other organizations are
engaging in intrusive practices that limit individual rights. We
aim to provide an effective context for viewing these invasive
practices, by establishing an international benchmark. The
establishment of the Big Brother awards aims to provide a
world-wide focus on surveillance and privacy.
THE INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY BULLETIN
Privacy International!s quarterly newsletter, The International
Privacy Bulletin, contains reports from around the world on
privacy and surveillance, together with articles on a wide
spectrum of privacy issues such as telecommunications privacy,
encryption, privacy legislation, corrupt disclosure of
confidential files and news of Privacy International!s
activities.  The International Privacy Bulletin is distributed
free to all members and supporters.
THE INTERNATIONAL INTERNET PRIVACY ARCHIVE
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility  (CPSR) has
created an electronic library of reports, laws and commentary on
privacy. The archive includes discussions of communications
privacy, cryptography, texts of international documents on
privacy and many other materials. There are several hundred
documents in the archive and more are being added every day.
There is also a special folder in the library for Privacy
International documents including electronic versions of
newsletters, updates, country reports and international
documents. There are currently several dozen files available.
Access is through Internet mail, FTP, Gopher or WAIS. Through
mail, send the command: help  as the first line of text in a
message to listserv FTP/Gopher/WAIS to cpsr.org
folder /cpsr. All access is free. Users of the archive are
encouraged to submit their articles for others to use.
People who are interested in submitting articles, please contact
David Banisar at 1+202/544-9240 Email: banisar
 If you are interested in getting involved in the work of
Privacy International, please contact Simon Davies, Marc
Rotenberg, or David Banisar at :
     Phone (+1) 202 544 9240         Fax (+1) 202 547 5481
     E.Mail: pi
PRIVACY INTERNATIONAL
 MEMBERSHIP FORM
Special interests ........................................
$20 (Low income) $50 (full membership)
All personal information is strickly confidential and will not
be disclosed without the prior consent of the indvidual.

@_date: 1993-04-24 18:47:13
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Consumer phone privacy info sheet 
Greetings cypherpunks,
I'm preparing this consumer phone privacy info sheet to post to
libernet, misc.consumers, etc.  Any corrections or further information greatly appreciated.
Instead of developing phones allowing truly private conversations, which
are now feasible, AT&T recently put a phone on the market that contains the NSA-designed "Clipper" wiretap chip.  All users' encryption keys are registered with the U.S. government, giving it exclusive access to wiretapping this system's phones.  The use of an unpublished algorithm and other features also make the system insecure; see the newsgroups sci.crypt and the mailing list "cypherpunks", cypherpunks-request for details.  AT&T by this action has demonstrated its contempt for its customers' privacy.  Here are some other long-distance providers that may have more respect.  All U.S. long-distance companies are required to surrender to telephone taps under government "authorization", but some require more "authorization" than others, or otherwise make a greater fuss about it.  Companies which use primarily multichannel fiber optic lines are physically more difficult to tap.
Allnet Long Distance Services	1-800-783-2020
MCI, commercial			1-800-888-0800
MCI, residential		1-800-950-5555
Metromedia Communications Corp.	1-800-275-2273
One-2-One Communications	1-800-293-4121
Sprint, residential		1-800-877-7746
Sprint, business		1-800-733-5566
True privacy can be obtained with a veil of encryption, by using
pairs of phones containing privacy chips, which scramble the
signals *and* keep the keys private.  Contact your local business telephone dealers for privacy phones from Ericson and other companies.  Please e-mail me detailed info on these phones, and also further
info on long distance services, and I will post a summary along with my own research findings.
Nick Szabo					szabo
Protect your electronic privacy with PGP -- public key available

@_date: 1993-04-27 03:17:43
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: How to protect your electronic privacy -- consumer pamphlet 
Here is a handout I've written for our next Portland-area libertarian
meeting.   Comments welcome.  Feel free to distribute freely (you
can edit out Portland-specific stuff) with attributions.
How to Protect Your Electronic Privacy
Nick Szabo, April 30 1993
Distribute Freely
We conduct more and more of our legal, political, and private business
over the wires.  Every decade, the number of phone calls that the
government can record for later playback increases by a factor of ten.
Commercial organizations gather and sell our transactions; marketers
and governments cross-reference them, forming our vast electronic
reputation.  The number of e-mail messages doubles every year, and many political organizations are coming to rely on networks like Internet and LiberNet.  Most e-mail users are unaware that it is the most public medium ever invented, and use it to write love letters, letters to their lawyer, discussion of illegal activities, etc.  Vast volumes of e-mail can be stored on small magnetic tapes and searched in bulk for keywords, eg "mari[jh]uana".  The good news is, the computer brings an even greater weapon to fight these threats to our privacy and political freedoms: widely available, automatic cryptography.
Instead of developing phones allowing truly private conversations, which
are now feasible, AT&T recently put a phone on the market that contains the NSA-designed "Clipper" wiretap chip.  All users' encryption keys are registered with the U.S. government, giving it exclusive access to wiretapping this system's phones.  The use of an unpublished algorithm and other features also make the system insecure.  "Clipper" would also
make traffic analysis (finding out who is calling whom, when, etc.)
much easier.  The goal of this government/Ma Bell collusion is to
subsidize the creation of a standard that forces truly private phone
systems off the market.
By purposefully allowing a government backdoor in its "secure" phones,
AT&T has demonstrated its contempt for its customers' privacy.  Here are some other long-distance providers that may have more respect.  All U.S. line providers are required to surrender to telephone taps under government "authorization", but some require more "authorization" than others, or otherwise make a greater fuss about it.  Local wiretaps are beyond the control of long-distance companies, but long-distance eavesdropping is much more difficult if the company uses fiber optic
instead of microwave links.  Ask company representatives for details.
Allnet Long Distance Services	1-800-783-2020
MCI, commercial			1-800-888-0800
MCI, residential		1-800-950-5555
Metromedia Communications Corp.	1-800-275-2273
One-2-One Communications	1-800-293-4121
Sprint, residential		1-800-877-7746
Sprint, business		1-800-733-5566
Real phone privacy can be obtained with a veil of encryption, by using
pairs of phones containing privacy chips, which scramble the
signals *and* keep the keys private.  Contact your local business telephone dealers for privacy phones from Ericson, Cylink and other
companies.  Keep your eye out for portable-computer-based
software with voice input that can be used to encrypt voice mail
and send it over the networks like e-mail; these may be appearing
on the market or as freeware within six months.
Data privacy can be obtained with public-key encryption
features which have been added to some of the newer e-mail packages
from Microsoft, Apple, Novell, etc.  Beware: most software encryption
has been restricted by the U.S. government to very weak algorithms.
"Cypherpunks" enjoy writing programs to crack the weakened file
encryption in Word Perfect, Lotus, etc.  Be sure the software contains
the new "RSA" public-key algorithm, which probably cannot be cracked
by anybody, even the NSA with their buildings full of supercomputers.
A strong freeware RSA package is also available called Pretty Good Privacy (PGP); this is the international standard on the Internet.  PGP can also be used for protecting the files on your PC.  On an Internet machine type "archie pgp" to find out where PGP is available for download.  Several BBS systems also have PGP available.
In public key encryption, there are two keys, one used to lock (really scramble) the data, the other to unlock (unscramble) the data. To join the fun, publish or send your freinds your public key, and
they can then send you messages only you can unlock with your private
key.  You collect other's public keys and do the same.  PGP key distribution is based on an informal, voluntary web of trust instead of the government's rigid heirarchy which is vulnerable to failure at the top.  Just as today's businessmen trade business cards,
tommorrow's businessmen will trade public keys -- if the government
doesn't ban them first.
For more detailed information on electronic privacy, see:
* Your local phone dealer.  If he does not know about privacy
issues and phone privacy products, ask him to find out!
* The May/June issue of "Wired" magazine featuring "crypto-rebels"
on the cover.  A history computer cryptography and the "cypherpunk"
movement, whose goal is to break the government monopoly on cryptography
and to restore our right to privacy in the electronic age.
* "Mondo 2000"  (most recent) features two good articles on PGP, and
a third article on protecting our financial privacy from governments.
* The Winter/Spring issue of "Extropy" features and article on digital
cash.  Unlike current electronic funds transfer, digital cash increases
financial privacy.
* On the Internet, the cypherpunks mailing list (cypherpunks-request and the newsgroups sci.crypt.  In the
Portland area two Internet providers are agora (293-1772 data) and
techbook (220-0636 data).  * Organizations helping lobby for electronic privacy: Electronic Frontier
Foundation (eff.org), Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility (cpsr.org), Privacy International.  These are not entirely libertarian
(eg EFF tends to support Gore's socialist "Data Highway".)
* James Bamford, _The Puzzle Palace_, 1983: A classic expose of the
National Security Agency.
Nick Szabo					szabo

@_date: 1993-06-23 05:59:46
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Re: Weak stenography. 
Phil Karn:
Perhaps some hacks (ab)used by virus writers might be useful here.
We might hide "readdat.exe" inside a larger "innocuous.exe" and
scramble it with the "mutation engine", which creates a unique signature for each copy of readdat.exe's code (including the engine itself, which
bootstraps from a very short common code sequence).  The result is they have no signature to search for, even if they already have a copy of "readdat.exe" and the mutation engine.
Nick Szabo				szabo

@_date: 1993-07-28 06:11:42
@_author: Nick Szabo 
@_subject: Re: "Big Brother Inside" 
I don't have the skills to make stickers, but I'd like to see this
happen.  For whoever is the first to make professional-looking "Big Brother Inside" stickers, I hereby place an advance order for
$200 worth.
Nick Szabo				szabo
