
@_date: 1993-04-23 11:25:15
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Cypherpunks 
I would like to agree with Tim May about the continued use of the term
Cypherpunk. More than anything else it accuratly portrays us as people who
do things a little differently. Some of my other associates feel similiar
about the use of the term Cyberpunk.
    I am very curious about the physical nature of the so called "wiretap"
chip itself. Recent postings about the exotic nature of it's construction
have me wondering. Could there be a hardware backdoor into the chip?
 I was also considering the value of refering to the clipper as a "Sneaker
chip" after the movie. This would have the advantage of revealing it's flaws
and the organizations involed at the same time, in a format familiar to the
general public.
  One last thing, my e-mail address is at well.sf.ca.us, but I reside in
Chicago IL, I reach y'all via a gateway here at Ameritech, but it's strickly
telnet, and ftp for now.......
                                                      Brian D Williams
                                                   Cyber/Cypherpunk

@_date: 1993-06-25 12:27:36
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: triggerfish 
Phil Karn posted;
In CU Digest 5.46:
  It would be child's play for the NSA to accomplish this from
orbit.....hmmmmm I wonder what they call it?
                                                   Brian D Williams

@_date: 1993-07-21 11:51:14
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: chicago area cypherpunks 
Samuel Pigg posts:
 There is no current group/meeting that I know of, but we could start one (
don't let the well.sf.ca.us fool you, I work in Downtown Chicago) any other
Chicago area cypherpunks?
                                             Brian Williams

@_date: 1993-07-29 09:28:41
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Jurrasic revisited 
This is from this weeks Network World, I thought we'd all enjoy it.
The following text is Copyright (c) 1993 by Network World. All rights
Permission is granted by the copyright holder and the author to
distribute this file electronically or otherwise as long as the entire
file is printed without modification (other than cosmetic or formatting
Velocihackers and Tyrannosaurus superior
by M. E. Kabay, Ph.D.
Director of Education
National Computer Security Association
10 South Courthouse Avenue
Carlisle, PA 17013
Tel 717-258-1816
Fax 717-243-8642
The current hit movie "Jurassic Park" stars several holdovers from 65
million years ago. It also shows errors in network security that seem
to be as old.
For those of you who have just returned from Neptune, "Jurassic Park"
is about a dinosaur theme park that displays live dinosaurs created
after scientists cracked extinct dinosaur DNA code recovered from
petrified mosquitoes. The film has terrific live-action dinosaur
replicas and some heart-stopping scenes. It also dramatizes awful
network management and security. Unfortunately, the policies are as
realistic as the dinosaurs.
Consider a network security risk analysis for Jurassic Park. The
entire complex depends on computer-controlled electric fences and
gates to keep a range of prehistoric critters from eating the tourists
and staff. So at a simple level, if the network fails, people turn into
dinosaur food.
Jurassic Park's security network is controlled by an ultramodern Unix
system, but its management structures date from the Stone Age. There is
only one person who maintains the programs which control the security
network. This breaks Kabay's Law of Redundancy, which states, "No
knowledge shall be the property of only one member of the team." After
all, if that solitary guru were to leave, go on vacation, or get eaten
by a dinosaur, you'd be left without a safety net.
Jurassic Park's security system is controlled by computer programs
consisting of two million lines of proprietary code. These critical
programs are not properly documented. An undocumented system is by
definition a time bomb. In the movie, this bomb is triggered by a
vindictive programmer who is angry because he feels overworked and
One of the key principles of security is that people are the most
important component of any security system. Disgruntled and dishonest
employees cause far more damage to networks and computer systems than
hackers. The authoritarian owner of the Park dismisses the programmer's
arguments and complaints as if owning a bunch of dinosaurs gives him
the privilege of treating his employees rudely. He pays no attention to
explicit indications of discontent, including aggressive language,
resentful retorts, and sullen expressions. If the owner had taken the
time to listen to his employee's grievances and take steps to address
them, he could have prevented several dinosaur meals.
Bad housekeeping is another sign of trouble. The console where the
disgruntled programmer works looks like a garbage dump; it's covered in
coffee-cup fungus gardens, historically significant chocolate bar
wrappers, and a treasure trove of recyclable soft drink cans. You'd
think that a reasonable manager would be alarmed simply by the number
of empty calories per hour being consumed by this critically important
programmer. The poor fellow is so overweight that his life expectancy
would be short even if he didn't become dinosaur fodder.
Ironically, the owner repeats, `No expense spared' at several points
during the movie. It doesn't seem to occur to him that with hundreds of
millions of dollars spent on hardware and software--not to mention the
buildings and grounds and an entire private island--modest raises for
the staff would be trivial in terms of operating expenses but
significant for morale. In the movie, the network programmer is bribed by competitors to steal
dinosaur embryos. He does so by setting off a logic bomb that disrupts
network operations completely. The network outage causes surveillance
and containment systems to fail, stranding visitors in, well,
uncomfortable situations. Even though the plot is not exactly
brilliant, I'd like to leave at least something to surprise those who
haven't seen the movie yet.
When the systems fail, for some reason all the electric locks in the
park's laboratory are instantly switched to the open position. Why
aren't they automatically locked instead? Normally, when a security
controller fails, the default should be to keep security high, not
eliminate it completely. Manual overrides such as crash bars (the
horizontal bars that open latches on emergency exits) can provide
emergency egress without compromising security.
As all of this is happening, a tropical storm is bearing down on the
island. The contingency plan appears to consist of sending almost
everyone away to the mainland, leaving a pitifully inadequate skeleton
crew. The film suggests that the skeleton crew is not in physical
danger from the storm, so why send essential personnel away?
Contingency plans are supposed to include redundancy at every level.
Reducing the staff when more are needed is incomprehensible.
At one point, the systems are rebooted by turning the power off to the
entire island on which the park is located. This is equivalent to
turning the power off in your city because you had an application
failure on your PC. Talk about overkill: why couldn't they just power
off the computers themselves?
Where were the DPMRP (Dinosaur Prevention, Mitigation and Recovery
Planning) consultants when the park was being designed? Surely
everybody should know by now that the only way to be ready for
dinosaurs, uh, disasters, is to think, plan, rehearse, refine and
update. Didn't anyone think about what would happen if the critters got
loose? Where are the failsafe systems? The uninterruptible power
supplies? The backup power generators? Sounds like Stupidosaurians were
in charge.
We may be far from cloning dinosaurs, but we are uncomfortably close to
managing security with all the grace of a Brontosaurus trying to type.
I hope you see the film. And bring your boss.      Best wishes,
     Mich
     Michel E. Kabay, Ph.D.
     Director of Education
     National Computer Security Association
<>                                                           Brian Williams
                                                          Cypherpunk

@_date: 1993-08-03 14:24:47
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: another shirt idea... 
How 'bout this one;
                               NSA
                      Mother to Big Brother
                             MYK-78
                                                       Brian Williams
                                                       Cypherpatriot

@_date: 1993-08-05 14:02:03
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: big brother 
I just was remembering a little thing we had to do anytime we answered a
phone, when we were at squadron, it would make an interesting form of social
protest. We always had to answer "This is an unsecured line etc etc...."
                                                        Brian Williams
                                                        Cypherpatriot

@_date: 1993-08-25 11:15:39
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: recommended reading 
Friendly Spies
                  How America's allies are using
                       economic espionage
                      to steal our secrets
                       By Peter Schweizer
                        ISBN 0-87113-497-7
                        'bout twenty bucks
 I would have to rate this as a must read for anyone concerned with
Privacy. Schweizer has written a very informative, and well written
text describing in great detail the involvement of so called
"friendly" inteligence services in corporate espionage.
                                                     Brian Williams                                                      Cypherpatriot

@_date: 1993-08-25 14:32:12
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: INFO: smoking gun? 
"According to sources at the National Security Agency, on the
morning of July 13, 1982, the NSA had intercepted commercial
communications from the Washington office of Mitsubishi to the
Japanese Foreign Ministry in Tokyo. The NSA monitors fifty-three
thousand communication signals in the United States every day. They
usually aren't reviewed by analysts, however, unless the signal
carries a message with a signature-a key word or phrase that
triggers a computer to transcribe the communication. Any word that
might signal confidential or classified government information
triggers the transcribing system."
  from Friendly spies, page 90.
  looks like a smoking gun to me......
                                                 Brian Williams
                                                 Cypherpatriot

@_date: 1993-08-26 07:22:28
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: info; ATM 
Paul Ferguson wrote;
  Too late;
  MFS plugs in leading-edge network for high-speed data transfers
MFS Communications Corp. claimed the technological lead among data
communications service providers last week with the launch of its
end-to-end asynchronous transfer mode network.  MFS, an upstart
better known for its successful challenges to local telephone
company monopolies, claims to have set up the first ATM network in
the country.  But analysts say that distinction could be fleeting,
as at least one other service provider -- Sprint Corp. -- is      expected to offer a similar service by year-end.  Although these
systems can carry regular telephone conversations, they are most
apt to be used to transmit huge volumes of computer data and to
make it possible for computers in widely separate locations to work
together.  Ultimately, Royce Holland, president of MFS, sees ATM
networks providing the backbone for a telecommunications
infrastructure that supplies movies to home television sets at the
touch of a button.
Investor's Business Daily -- August 24 -- Page 4    Sprint was also before congress last week asking that MFJ
restrictions against the RBOC's entry into long distance be
codified into law, and that they (the RBOC's) be restricted from
entry into long distance for 10 years!
   can you say competition?
                                           Brian Williams
                                           Ameritech data center                                             Cypherpatriot

@_date: 1993-09-20 12:47:15
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: MISC: thought for the dat 
thought for the day;
 In Starfleet, all communications are encrypted automatically.
Although there is no honor in knowledge gained through stolen
transmissions, some of our enemies have no honor. A true Klingon
does not "sneak"-he shouts into the face of his enemy. But I have
seen many types of dishonor, and so I am prepared for it.
               -Lieutenant Worf,chief of security, U.S.S.Enterprise
 From the star trek next generation book "20th century computers
and how they worked" by Jennifer Flynn published by alpha books.
ISBN 1-56761-257-1
                                           Brian Williams
                                           Cypherpatriot

@_date: 1993-11-03 07:52:26
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: INFO: Word Cracking program 
I saw several requests for a program that can break the encryption on Word
for Windows ans Word for Dos files....I have just uploaded WORDPWD>ZIP to
(thats wordpwd.zip) to soda.berkeley.edu cd pub/cypherpunks/incoming.
 I think the author put it best;
        HELLO MICROSOFT:
        If any of you are listening; it would be very nice if future
        versions of Winword had competent encryption that can't be
        broken by any kid who understands his Spiderman Secret Decoder
        Ring. A false sense of security is much worse than none at
        all. It misleads people into thinking that they have assured
        the confidentiality of their documents when they have in fact
        not, and should have used another method to do so. The best
        approach is to have winword call an external program to do the
        encryption. This would let us plug in our favourite
        cryptengine and save you a lot of hassle vis-a-vis export
        controls on useful crypto technology.
 Marc Thibault        |  Automation Architect        |  All we are saying
 marc  |  R.R.1, Oxford Mills,        |  is give global
 CIS:71441,2226       |  Ontario, Canada  K0G 1S0    |  warming a chance.
 NC FreeNet: aa185    |                              |
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.0
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Brian D Williams

@_date: 1993-11-10 10:39:28
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: re: Should we build the Data Superhighway/NII 
DISCLAIMER; This is for the private reading of the members of the
Cypherpunks list, and may not be redistributed without permission.
The opinions expressed are strictly my own and do not necessarily
reflect the views of Ameritech or it's alliance partners.   My two bits on the data highway;
 - on universal access
   Ameritech, the consortium of the five regional midwest RBOC's
filed a plan for complete deregulation and access to the local loop
the first week in March under the title of "Advanced Universal
Access" The gist of it? If you remove the regulations against us
competeing in everyone elses markets, we will allow and provide
complete unbundled access to the local loop. Number plan the whole
bit, right to the copper pair if you want.
 My two bits? we don't have any problem with any and all forms of
competition. Do you want "Universal Access"? Then all participants
have to share the costs involved.
 In Illinois alone there are more than 30 companies providing local
loop service, each functions as a "Monopoly" within it's geographic
area. Sprint the long distance company owns and is a "Local Loop
Monopoly" in about 8 areas that I recall,(This was the result of
there purchase of Centel) GTE, all the big boys are here. Large
corporate customers are directly connected with long distance
carriers without touching the local loop.
-  Bell Atlantic and TCI merger? couldn't care less, bring them on!
  I am involved with a number of projects that pertain to the "Data
Highway" concept.   - The Extended classroom, part of the "Superschools" project.
This will provide E-mail services and basic info services to K-12
students. The next stage calls for Internet/Usenet Access and
interactive MultiMedia (Hyperlearning) access.
  - Health services network, this is already providing shared info
between various medical agencies and hospitals, it is limited right
now by regulatory restrictions.
  - Announced just this morning....Ameritech has announced an
alliance with Citibank to provide for "Display Telephone" access to
Citibank financial services, this will also provide access to
directory services and advanced telephone services. This is
basically a variation of the French "Minitel" system from the look
of it. I intend on pushing for Internet/Usenet access as well. Of
course this is only the start, got an idea for a service? give us
a call. All are welcome, I expect to see numerous "Garage" startups
providing content of all sorts.
- Video Dialtone, basically a piece of cake if you have the
bandwidth, currently works well down to T-1 speeds (1.54 MPS)
 The Battle to build the "Superhighway" has been called the battle
of 250 million trenches. This refers to the notion that 250 million
sections of local loop will have to be replaced with fiber
eventually. It's true that ISDN can play a part and ADSL
(Asymetrical digital subscriber loop) which has been successfully
tested at 3MPS over UTP and should clear 6MPS in the next 6 months
will help fill the gaps. Some Cable companies will have their own
offerings, as will various "Telecosm" pioneers we've yet to see.
 The cost of building the initial "Fibersphere" has been estimated
at 250 billion dollars. Who's going to foot the bill? The existing
cable plant is more than sufficient for the services the telco's
are currently permitted to offer. We've made our point clear ( see
the FCC filing "Advanced Universal Access") Turn us loose, and
we'll build it, or at least contribute to it,  ;) and equal access
will be provided to all competitors.
 We're going to build it anyway, " Are you with me men!"
Brian Williams
* Telecosm and Fibersphere are from the works of futurist George
Gilder, his work is highly recommended.
* Hyperlearning is from the work of Lewis J. Perelman particularly
"Schools Out, Hyperlearning, the new technology, and the end of
education." Also highly recommended.

@_date: 1993-11-24 09:09:26
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: ANNOUNCEMENT: Markey Bill debuts in house. 
The opinions expressed are my own and do not represent the views of
Ameritech or any of its alliance partners.
 So, Markey proposes a bill that would "allow" the RBOC's to do
       Markey likes it....
                              The EFF likes it......
 I wouldn't invest a dime in a proposal that stupid.....
     not interested..........
Brian Williams

@_date: 1993-11-24 11:13:18
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: holiday 
Just want to wish everyone a safe and happy holiday.
Party on!
Brian Williams

@_date: 1993-11-29 13:57:13
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: MISC: good news,bad news 
Well as they say first the good news...
INFORMATION SERVICES INDUSTRY WANTS RBOCs FREED The regional Bell
companies should be free to compete in long distance services,
cable television programming and equipment  manufacturing, a new
study of information services executives said. The study, released
today by The Marx Group of Wellesley, Mass.,  also said the
information industry will grow faster and better serve customers as
a result of increasing merger activity.  The survey was
commissioned by The Marx Group, an information services industry
consulting and law firm.  "This survey proves that a clear majority
of information services executives believe that our industry will
benefit from Bell company entry into these lines of business," Marx
Group chairman Peter Marx said.  Marx praised Monday's Supreme
Court action leaving in place the Bell companies' ability to offer
information services as "good news" for the information services
provider industry.  This survey demonstrates that the information
services business community looks forward to the capital and
technology, partnership opportunities and mass marketing
capabilities the Bell companies bring to the table." Information services companies rely heavily on long-distance  services and are extremely concerned about long-distance rates, the
study pointed out.  Small businesses were especially emphatic in
their desire for the competitive pricing they expect to accompany
Bell entry into long distance service, the study said. The survey included telephone interviews with executives from more
than 300 information services companies.  Some of the results are: 1.  72 percent favored Bell company participation in information  services in their own territories, 21 percent unfavorable, 7
percent neutral; 2.  66 percent favored Bell company entry into long distance, 21
percent unfavorable, 13 percent neutral; 3.  69 percent favored allowing Bell company entry into cable TV,
15 percent unfavorable, 16 percent neutral; 4.  67 percent favored Bell company participation in equipment
manufacturing, 13 percent unfavorable,  20 percent without opinion.
The Marx Group commissioned Arlen Communications, an industry  research firm in Bethesda, Md., to conduct the survey. For more information, contact The Marx Group at (617) 576-5730 or Arlen Communications at (301) 656-7940.                                 Now for the bad news....(bad idea!)
SLATTERY INTRODUCES BILL TO LIFT MFJ MANUFACTURING BAN Rep. Jim
Slattery (D-Kansas) Sunday introduced a bill (H.R. 3609) that would
lift the Modified Final Judgment (MFJ) restriction for Regional
Bell Operating Companies (RBOCs).Staffers in Slattery's office said
today the bill is virtually identical to H.R. 1527, which Slattery
introduced in the 102nd Congress, with additional provisions
concerning consumers with disabilities and joint network
planning.The "Telecommunications Equipment Research and
Manufacturing Competition Act of 1993" says that permitting the
RBOCs, through their affiliates, to manufacture telecommunications
equipment and customer premises equipment (CPE), universal access
to advanced telecommunications services, continued economic growth
and international competitiveness will be advanced.The bill would
all the design, development and fabrication of equipment, as well
as research with respect to such equipment.
The bill includes the following provisions:

@_date: 1993-12-09 11:51:01
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: the clinton chip 
Have we missed an opportunity by not labelling MYK-78 the
"Clinton" chip?
Hello Brian Williams,
Mr Williams? This is Krochs and brentannos bookstore. The book you
ordered "Applied Cryptography," by Bruce Scheinier has arrived.
     ZOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!
Hello Mr Williams are you there?

@_date: 1993-12-22 07:00:36
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: MISC: Markey and the FBI 
Here's a couple of interesting things;
MARKEY ASKS ABOUT LINKING SCHOOLS TO INFORMATION SUPERHIGHWAY
  Rep. Edward Markey (D-Mass.) today asked the largest local telephone companies and cable companies for information on their
plans to connect schools to the information superhighway. In a
three-page letter, the chairman of the House Telecommunications
Subcommittee asked the 10 largest local telephone companies and the
10 largest cable companies to answer his questions by January 7. "We would be negligent if we did not provide learning links off the
information superhighway to schools and classrooms in this
country," Markey said. "We must make sure that in the information
age, every school has the technology it needs to provide students
with the skills necessary to participate in a knowledge-based
economy," Markey added. He asked the companies to provide
information about plans to provide advanced telecommunications
services to schools and classrooms in their service territories,
and whether they oppose providing digital telecommunications links
free of charge. Government policies that created a telecommunications network that provides universally available, affordable telephone service
"wasn't simply good social policy -- it was good economic policy as
well," Markey said. He also pointed out that historically, cable
companies have not had universal service obligations.  He said he
believes that at some point, cable companies "should be called upon
not only to participate in the economic opportunities presented by
the information superhighway, but also share in the
responsibilities attendant to providing critical links in the
nation's communications infrastructure." Sure, Free service for everyone, why not? This guy is such a Bozo.
 Lets not forget the FBI.
FBI DIRECTOR CALLS FOR NEW WIRETAP LEGISLATION  FBI Director Louis
J. Freeh has called for new wiretap legislation to ensure telephone
companies provide law enforcement with access to digital
technology. Freeh, who was appointed director of the Federal Bureau
of Investigation (FBI) by President Clinton three months ago, said court-authorized wiretapping has been used effectively against many criminal groups in the past, but its continued use is threatened. Freeh spoke Wednesday at the National Press Club in
Washington, D.C. "Telephone digital technology has advanced in such
a way that  criminals may soon be able to avoid law enforcement
detection  simply by using the telephone," he said.  New
legislation is needed to protect national security and keep up with
criminals, because without it, "one can reasonably predict  that in the near future, a major terrorist or criminal act will  occur involving substantial loss of life, such a tragedy that we  could not prevent because we could not learn critical information through electronic surveillance," Freeh said. The FBI tried in the previous Congress to have legislation
introduced, but could not find a sponsor.
When the FBI was created in 1908, Freeh said there were just a few federal laws to be enforced. Over the years, Congress has made the
FBI responsible for investigating many more crimes, which could  overwhelm the limited resources of federal law enforcement  agencies, he said. The FBI is setting priorities so it can have the greatest impact on
the major crime problems confronting the country, Freeh said. Brian Williams
 " A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle"

@_date: 1993-12-23 09:05:57
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: re it had to happen 
Bill Stewart writes;
Bill, help me out here, if the warrant allows them to confiscate
your harddrive that part I can understand, But if being forced to
provide the decryption isn't self-incrimination, what the hell good
is what we're doing here.
Brian Williams

@_date: 1993-12-23 11:51:02
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: it had to happen...... 
Bill Stewart writes;
 Well no doubt they have his True_Name now. I'm curious as to why
they are so adamant about trying to break the encryption? I get the
impression they don't have much of a case. Don't forget kids to
save those sniffer tracings, they could earn you valuable prizes!
 I won't even go into how dumb it is to try accessing a cracked
system through a single cutout, kids don't try this at home ;)
Brian Williams
smarter than your average bear.

@_date: 1994-01-05 13:34:40
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: cryptocosmology 
Cryptocosmology: sufficently advanced communication
                 is indistinguishable from noise.
 I really like this! Its kind of a corollary to Clarks (Arthur C
that is) third law "Any sufficently advanced technology is
indistinguishable from magic."
 I guess this means that if there are other civilizations out
there, and they have Cypherpunks, and they are just a little more
advanced, then the people at S.E.T.I. are wasting there time (and
to beat Tim to it "our Bucks!")
Brian Williams
Extropians please excuse the dupe.

@_date: 1994-01-18 13:59:15
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: MISC; reminder 
Just a reminder, tonight on Nova "Codebreakers" stories of the
world war II effort, check local listings.
Brian Williams
Cryptocosmology: "sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise."
Chicago Current temp -19 wind chill -63 4pm CST

@_date: 1994-01-27 12:57:42
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: clipper cracking 
Tim May says;
 I remember that post, in fact I have it right here Here's a fairly long posting I made to sci.crypt and comp.lsi about
reverse engineering the Clipper chip. Especially on the technical
issues about tamper-resistant modules and electron-beam probing.
(followup to comp.lsi added, as they may have something to say on
I ran an electron microscope/chip testing lab for Intel, circa
1981-84. (We built a kind of "time machine" for imaging the
internal states of complex chips--the 286 in those days--and
displaying them on an image processing system which "subtracted
out" the states of bad chips from known good chips and thus allowed
us to analyze the nucleation and propagation of logic faults
through the chip. Very useful for finding subtle speed and voltage
problems, as well as gross faults, of course.)
Analyzing the Clipper chip, or any "tamper-resistant module," will
not be trivial, but neither will it be impossible.
Some issues, questions, problems:
1. Getting through the package to the chip surface itself is
problematic. Proprietray molding compounds may be used to make this
tough. (For example, carborundum and sapphire particles are often
mixed in, so that mechanical grinding and lapping also destroys the
chip. And plasma ashing won't work.)
2. Sometimes the package itself has "traps" which wipe the chip
(the data) if breached (fiber optic lines mixed in the epoxy, for
example). This seems unlikely for a relatively low-cost solution
like the Clipper. Papers presented at the "Crypto Conference" have
dealt with this. (The main uses: nuclear weapons "Permissive Action
Links" and credit card "smart cards," which use less intensive
measures, obviously.)
3. Once at the chip surface, via grinding, chemical etch, plasma
ashing, etc., the chip can be analyzed.  Carefully photographing
the chip as layers are etched away (or even carefully lapped away)
can reveal much about the internal operation, though not the data
stored in internal ROM, EPROM, EEPROM, Flash EPROM, etc. If the
Clipper/Capstone algorithm is embedded in the microcode and not
apparent from the visible circuitry, then it must be read by other
5. Voltage contrast electron microscopy allows internal chip
voltages to be read with good reliability. Cf. any of the the many
papers on this. Commercial e-beam probers are available. (How
voltage contrast works is itself an interesting issue, and there
are many good references on this.)
6. However, operating the chip is necessary to read the internal
states and voltage levels, and opening the chip under "hostile
conditions" (read: limited numbers of samples, no knowledge of the
molding compound, no help from the manufacturer) often destroys the
functionality. It can be done, but count on lots of trial and
7. Metal layers may be used to shield lower signal-carrying layers
from scrutiny by electron beam probes. Intel, for example, builds
the new Pentium on a 3-layer metal process in which the top layer
almost completely covers the lower layers. (Extremely sophisticated
measurements using lasers (Kerr effect) and magnetic field sensing
may be possible. Count on a very expensive set-up to do this.)
8. Other "tricks" may route parts of the key circuitry through
buried layers, polysilicon lines, several layers of metal, etc.
9. VLSI Technology, Inc., the company with the "tamper-resistant
technology" used by Mykotronx (VTI will fab the chips), may also be
storing bits in very small EEPROM cells, which are very hard to
e-beam probe (especially without disrupting them!). Note also that
Intel bought a partial stake in VLSI. (I'm not imputing anything
and don't know if Intel is somehow involved in the Clipper/Capstone
effort. In fact, I left Intel in 1986.)
10. The easiest way to get the Clipper/Skipjack/Capstone details is
probably the old-fashioned way: offer money for it. With anonymous
remailers and digital cash, this may be much easier.
Just some thoughts on this extremely interesting issue of
reverse-engineering the Clipper.
- -Tim May
 No, you clearly did not advocate this as a Cypherpunk project, but
feel free to elaborate....
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-02-01 11:55:38
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: clipper petition 
CPSR sends:
                Electronic Petition to Oppose Clipper                        Please Distribute Widely
     Clipper.petition
- From noclipr Tue Feb  1 08:39:20 1994
Your name has been added to the petition asking President Clinton
to withdraw the Clipper proposal.
We will deliver the signed petition to the White House at the end
of the project. If you have any comments or questions, please email
us at clipper
  "We have not yet begun to Encrypt!!"
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-02-02 11:00:59
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: digital signatures/copyright 
A question for Mike Godwin and other attorneys on the list:
 Could one make a case that the use of Digital signatures in
messages imply's copyright retention by the author?
 Does digital signature=copyright or is it at least equivalent?
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-02-14 09:01:28
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: tracking contacts with clipper 
Tim May notes;
 I agree with Tim whole-heartedly on this one. If the NSA gets it's
much desired "Digital Telephony Initiative" passed it will be a
trivial matter both politically and technologicly to intercept and
record all clipper key block transactions. The ability of the NSA
to do this, and the usefullness of this kind of traffic analysis is
left as an exercise for the reader.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-02-16 11:40:22
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Ameritech announcement 
Ameritech first in nation to detail plans to open local network
Ameritech has become the first communications company in the nation
to volunteer to open its local network to competitors.
  Ameritech today submitted tariffs to the Illinois Commerce
Commission (ICC) that specify how it will open its local network to
competitors in Illinois communities where it is the primary
telephone company.  If approved, the tariffs will go into effect
when Ameritech is authorized to enter the long distance business. "We believe that our customers want and deserve the choices that
only all-out communications competition can deliver,"   said Dick
Brown, Ameritech vice chairman.  "No court ordered us to do this. No regulators mandated that it must be done.  Ameritech initiated
the idea as a way to better serve our customers and we now have
delivered a detailed blueprint for getting the job done."  When the changes that Ameritech has proposed are implemented, a
competitor, subject to regulatory approval, can use portions of the
Ameritech network to provide local telephone service.  Thus, the competing company on its own can provide all of the capabilities necessary to offer local communications services, or it can obtain from Ameritech the capabilities that are needed but which it
chooses not to provide itself.
"The positive regulatory environment in Illinois favorably
positions this state and its citizens to lead the way on the
information superhighway and to be among the first to reap the
economic benefits of communications competition," said Doug
Whitley, president of Ameritech Illinois. Specifically, Ameritech's Illinois Commerce Commission (ICC) filing
proposes procedures, technical specifications and prices.  It describes how competitors can:
- - Obtain access to Ameritech's local distribution network in        Illinois (the local loop) so that they can use the Ameritech      links to reach customers' homes or offices.
- - Purchase from Ameritech the local switching capability.
- - Integrate their local switches and networks with the Ameritech   network. The Ameritech filing also provides details of a process under which
an Ameritech customer in Illinois can choose to have a single
company handle local and long distance calls.
Ameritech's quid pro quo for fully opening its local network to competitors is straightforward:  Ameritech wants new regulations geared to a competitive marketplace and the freedom to provide long-distance services.   When Ameritech's plan to fully open the local network to
competitors is implemented, all-out competition, market-driven
prices and accelerated innovation will shape communications
marketplaces in the portions of Illinois the company serves.  "Ameritech should be a full participant in the new communications world that is emerging.  We want the flexibility to serve its customers as they want to be served," said Brown.  "As customers' needs become more sophisticated and voice, data and video
industries converge, opening access to all networks is necessary
for a fully competitive communications marketplace."
"The same rules should apply to all players -- providers of voice, video and data; long distance or local service," he said.

@_date: 1994-02-17 13:35:28
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Dos Stego 
Bruce C Dovala asks:
   Does anyone know of a Stego program for Dos?
 Well, the only Stego program I've seen other than Mistress
Romana's for the Mac is by Black Wolf, here's the readme file;
              Black Wolf's Picture Encoder (for 320x200x256                     ONLY!!!!)
                              Version 0.90a
                     Released into the Public Domain
                     All Code Written By Black Wolf
Disclaimer:  This program is hereby released into the public
domain.  I take no responsibilities for any damages it might cause.
Use it at your own risk.
Description:  This picture encoder consists of a group of programs
designed to let you capture a picture, encode a message in it, and
display it so that it may be captured again into another format
with a third-party program, then recapture it and decode the
message previously place inside it.  It is at a bare-bones stage
right now, and includes source code if you would like to tailor it
to your own needs.
Uses:  If you have a need to send sensitive data, but don't want it
to be obvious that that is what you are doing, this might be a good
program for you.  The sender can encode anything he/she wants into
the picture and then convert it to .GIF format, .PCX format, or
whatever (using a third part program).  Not many people will look
twice if you receive a picture, whereas an encrypted message might
raise an eyebrow or two.  Then, the receiver is free to decode it
at will.  Anything under about 8k can be recorded into one picture
- - important letters, lists, small programs (viruses), or just about anything else.  If you are sending text, my recommendation is
to encrypt with via PGP or some similar program, then encode it
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Ya gotta love this
into the picture for added security.
Tech:  The programs encodes data into the LSB's (least significant
bits) of the picture file - thus, roughly 50% of the colors are
changed, but if they are it is only by one pallette value (0-255). If the picture's pallette is based on gradients, then this will
most likely be undetectable.  Also - ENCODE will put an EOF at the
end of the message, so that while there will be garbage at the end
of the decoded message it will not be displayed if the
file is opened with edit or typed, etc....
The files are as follows:
GETSCR - Captures a picture into MESSAGE.SCR when you press
PRINTSCREEN while in graphics mode 13h (320x200x256).
PUTSCR - Puts the picture in MESSAGE.SCR onto the screen, generally
         so that it may be re-captured into another program.
ENCODE - Encodes the data in the file MESSAGE.DAT into the picture
         in MESSAGE.SCR.
DECODE - Decode the message in the picture MESSAGE.SCR and puts it          into NEWMESS.DAT.
Example:  Say you want to send text to someone, but you don't want
it to  "appear" that way to anyone who may intercept the message. First, what you'd want to do is find a picture file (like a GIF). Then, run GETSCR and pop the picture up into any picture viewer. While the picture is on the screen, hit PRINTSCREEN and GETSCR will
create a file called MESSAGE.SCR for you containing that picture. Then, write your message and save it as MESSAGE.DAT.  Run ENCODE -
this will take your message and encode it into the picture file. At this point, you need to find a third-party screen capture
program that wil work with the format that you wish to use.
Run it to make it go memory resident, then run PUTSCR and capture
the picture it puts onto the screen.  Now you can send the picture
to your friend.
     When he receives it, he can display it, showing that it is,
indeed, just a picture file.  When he wants to decode it, all he
has to do is run GETSCR and display the file - hitting PRINTSCREEN
while it is displayed. Then, he should run DECODE and it will
create a file called NEWMESS.DAT that includes the message you
originally put into the file.
 I can send this to anyone interested UUencoded, It's about 30k.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-02-18 08:05:35
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: dos stego 
Fellow Cypherpatriots,
 I just finished mailing uuencoded stegodos.zip to all those who
requested it. I also uploaded it to soda.berkeley.edu to
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-02-23 14:17:15
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: MISC: Internet scare 
NOTE: This message has been digitally signed. It is to be
reproduced in it's entirety or not at all. Any attempt to reproduce
any portion of it, or quote from it, should be taken as an attempt
to manipulate.
 This particularly applies to members of any intelligence
organizations , members of the Clipper community and/or their
 I was just wondering if the recent internet "Sniffer" alert had
anything to do with any intelligence organizations. Was it an
attempt by "friendly spies" to gain competitive intelligence? Was
it an attempt by NSA/Clipper community and their allies to make a
point? ( See! Your vulnerable! You need clipper!)
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-02-24 08:23:42
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: STEALTH OCEAN 
Matt Thomlinson asks:
 Why not "Parasitize" your program on to Command.com like many
viruses do? The "Stealth" viruses also employ code that will not
reveal the change in size to either MEM or CHKDSK, such code can
also restore the timestamp.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-03-02 14:24:48
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: re: Denning 
I agree with those who oppose unwarranted attacks on Dr Dennings
character. She is by all accounts an intelligent, well-mannered
person and deserves to be treated as such.
  I completely disagree with her about clipper however. I have
watched with growing horror as our government over the last 15
years has slowly turned into a near fascist state. Black clad
commandos storming a religious group's compound deliberately
inciting an armed confrontation, then harrassing for more then a
month, then initiating an attack that left most members including
the children dead. People who had not been convicted of anything.  We are told if we only knew, we would support clipper, I think
not. Hide behind your secret information if you chose, we have a
general idea of what you fear anyway. We are less worried about
nuclear/chemical/biological/informational terrorists then we are of
what our government could become with such fascist tools. After
all, there are terrorist acts now, when you can listen.
 Its about privacy...... Its about adults making their own
decisions, not some paternalistic government, no matter how well
meaning, doing it for us.
We will build the tools we need, we will bypass attempts to stop
us, we will advance till our communication ressembles noise.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-03-15 13:27:58
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Future Remailers 
I have a suggestion on building future remailers. Let's not
overlook the idea of operating them "Out of band." At intervals (
preferably random) it would be possible to transmit messages via
the phone network, or spread spectrum, to other remailers.
(encrypted links of course)( encrypted UUCP?) This would make
traffic analysis more difficult.
 It would also be possible to bounce messages through diverters in
other states, further hindering TA. This might also work well for
random sources for one time pads.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-03-17 08:55:42
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Whats so bad about a surveillance state 
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed are my own and do not represent
            the views of Ameritech or it's alliance partners.
Blanc Weber Postulates:
       > -With the rise of fiber telcos are laying fewer cable           > routes and just stuffing the routes they do dig up with         > more fiber than is necessary for replacement of the             > existing copper, leaving some major areas with only a           > single path in and out as one bundle of fiber replaces          > tons of copper that was laid in multiple paths
       > originally becayse it would not fit in one path.  Saves         > the telcos money, but a single backhoe might be able to         > cause some major damage now...
  Well, I can't speak for the other Telco's, but here in the
Midwest this is flat out untrue. Project looking glass which
resulted in a Billion dollars of additional fiber installed in the
last year, and an additional billion a year for the next 6 years is
completely diversified. Countercurrent rings, diverse pathways, the
whole bit. I believe the Internet was a model for these strategies.
 I might add that this is not new, we've been pursuing these
strategies as long as I've been here. (about ten years)
 There were a couple of incidents involving landscape contractors
in the last year, none resulted in significant outage. This is
particularly interesting since the utilities run a service called
JULIE (for Joint Utility Locating something or other) which you are
supposed to call 48 hours before you dig, we'll send someone out to
make sure you don't encounter anything.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-03-21 11:26:15
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: CLIPPER COMPROMISED? 
For anyone interested:
_____ end _________________
Security Insider Report is published by Interpact press 11511 Pine
St. N. Seminole, Fl 34642 Phone 813.393.6600 Fax 813.393.6361
 The managing editor is none other than computer security
professional, privacy advocate, and author of TERMINAL COMPROMISE,
Winn Schwartau.
 Winn is a highly sought after lecturer on computer security
matters, and is notorious for "Inside" contacts. It is said the NSA
scoured it's ranks after TERMINAL COMPROMISE came out. T.C. was
released as the first Internet novel (its in softcover as well) and
should be widely available. He is supposed to be a releasing a new
book soon (it may already be out) titled INFORMATION WARFARE.
 Having had the pleasure of meeting and talking at length with
Winn, I am of the opinion that he may be on to something here.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-03-21 14:01:59
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Re:  Coming Police State 
I live in Chicago, let me know if you'd like to get together for a Pizza,
cocktail, or whatever. I could also give you a place to check your mail (via
telnet etc)
Brian Williams
Ameritech Data Center
425 w randolph
Chicago Il

@_date: 1994-03-28 06:18:54
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Ames/clipper compromised? 
Okay here's the scoop on the Ames/clipper bit, from the guy who
wrote it. Permission to distribute is granted as long as it is
reproduced in it's entirety.
 Termcomp.zip, the electronic version of TERMINAL COMPROMISE is
available for ftp at ftp.netsys.com under /pub/novel for those who
- From p00506 Fri Mar 25 08:04:37 1994
Organization: Inter.Pact
                    More About Clipper and Ames
                        by Winn Schwartau
                         March 25, 1994.
The Ames/Clipper item I wrote in the Feb. 1994 issue of Security Insider Report has apparently caused quite a hub-bub. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee is looking for more, the general media has picked it up, and the net is buzzing. As a result, I have been
asked to put a few words out regarding this story.
First of all, it is a story, one that was told to me by a  person whom  I know well, respect, and was at the actual  meeting  where the subject of Ames/Clipper was discussed. In RISKS 15.67, Dorothy Denning said that she didn't think that the
Clipper Ames story/rumor made sense.  While I am sure that the
people to whom she spoke told her what she wrote, I was given the
story by my source who WAS AT THE MEETING.  Does that make it all
true?  No, it doesn't. And the item in Security Insider Report
contained strong caveats at both the beginning and the end of the
article.  It was NOT printed as 100% accurate: it was printed as I
was told it, and it was read and approved prior to publication by
the source.
I, too, have sought for confirmation, and been unable to find it. So, when Dorothy said she couldn't, that's no surprise.  I have
enclosed the piece that originally appeared in SIR. I fail to
understand Dorothy's inability to accept possibilities and
capabilities. That's one of the basic tenets of intelligence and a
strong defensive posture.
I find it very easy to accept that the intelligence community is considering everything that Ames might have spilled, including
Clipper. What is so strange about that? That's their job! In the same issue of SIR, I examined how the FBI used technology to monitor Ames'computer.
In  the  next issue of SIR, I will be looking  at  Ames'  hacking abilities  and skills which possibly lend credence to the  possi
bility  that Clipper was compromised.  The tale is still  unfold
                "Ames and the Clipper Connection"
    (From The February, 1994 Issue of Security Insider Report)
Let me preface this item with a caveat.   I received a call  from a  very well placed and highly reliable person in Washington  who passed on the information.  I asked if there was any way I  could confirm what he told me, and I was told no.  It's too  sensitive. Nonetheless,  it  is so intriguing that SIR  readers  expect  and would  want  to know what people are thinking about, even  if  it turns out not to be true.  We in our industry deal with possibil
ities and capabilities and since this discussion did take  place, I'm passing it on as it happened.  If this item has any shred  of truth to it, well . . .  decide for yourself.
My  contact, we'll call him something original, like  'Joe',  was asked to attend a meeting where representatives from the FBI  (he wasn't clear if it was the Counter Intelligence 3 [CI-3 from Half Street  who keep track of Soviets and Russians] or from FBI  HQ), the  CIA and the National Security Agency.  All told more than  a dozen  and  less  than twenty people  assembled  in  an  off-site "neutral" location to figure out what to do.
It  seems, according to a number of people at this meeting,  that alleged CIA traitor Aldrich Ames, had access to the Clipper keys.
Whoah!  I nearly fell off my keyboard when I heard that.  "You  mean he knew the crypto-secrets behind the whole thing?"  I asked.   "Why  would a Humint [Human Intelligence] guy  know  the secrets of Clipper?"
"He  had access to them; it would have been a normal part of  his job to be in that loop."
So what this group of initialed reps are allegedly attempting  to do is:
     1. Determine how much access Ames had to Clipper.
     2.  Determine  if he did have access, did he  in  fact  take advantage of it.
     3. If he did get some Clipper secrets, is there a record  of that access?
     4. Then, what did he do with them?
The fear, understandably, is that Ames might have compromised the entire Clipper/Capstone/Tessera program.  The  words I also heard were, "If there's only even a  1%  chance that  Clipper has been compromised, the whole thing's  over.   We have to start from scratch."
So, according to my sources, the spooks-that-be are looking for a fast  alternative to Clipper and Skipjack, under the theory  that Ames may have blown the whole wad.
Civil libertarians might shout with glee if this turns out to  be true, but I think it's a hell of way to win a ball game.  Bitter
sweet irony.  Sure, I'm not in favor it, and I am indeed  nervous about  'the other shoe' but this is not the way I wanted  Clipper to go away.
I repeat: as of today, this is only a story, there is no  confir
mation.  If SIR readers have anything to add, please let us  know in any way you can.
(C) 1994, Winn Schwartau and Inter.Pact
NOTE: As of March 24, 1994, my sources reconfirmed that the story as I told it is 100% accurate.  (Security  Insider  Report  is published  monthly  by  Inter.Pact Press, 11511 Pine St., Seminole, FL  34642. Voice:  813-393-6600, Fax  813-393-6361,  email wschwartau   Hardcopy  sub
scriptions are $99/Yr. and electronic site licenses are available for selected organizations.)
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham

@_date: 1994-03-28 12:50:52
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Ames/clipper compromised? 
I remember awhile back someone posted some clipper documents that
were released under FOIA as I recall. The thing that struck me was
that the NSA was refering internally to clipper as "The Trapdoor
chip." Why refer to it as such if there is no back door?
 If anyone has the documents I'm refering to handy, please repost,
(or I'll have to dig them out!)
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....   AT&T"--James Speth

@_date: 1994-03-29 10:56:16
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Ames/ clipper compromised? 
Jim Gillogly quoted then replied:
 Hmmmm, lets look at the article I referred to  Ahh, here it is:
- From toad.com!gnu Mon Jun 21 14:54:03 1993
Lee Tien and I have submitted a pile of FOIA requests about
Clipper. Here is scanned-in text from some of the more interesting
results, courtesy of Lee.  Search for "required", for a mention of
the proposal to require the use of Clipper.  Also note that the
role of the "national security community" has been deliberately
withheld from the public statements (search for "mentioned").
Most agencies have not yet responded with documents.  FBI is
claiming it will take them a year, and we are preparing to file
suit to force them to do it within 10 days like the law requires. (Our NSA suit over the same thing, is continuing through the gears
of the court process.)
        John Gilmore
        [This page originally XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX TOP SECRET; now
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON, DC  20301-3040
COMMAND CONTROL COMMUNICATIONS AND MEMORANDUM FOR MS. JOANN H. GRUBE, NSA REPRESENTATIVE/NSC PRD-27 EXPORT CONTROL WORKING GROUP
SUBJECT:  Comments on PRD-27/NSA Draft (U)
        (U)     Following are comments concerning your proposed memorandum to Jim Lewis, Department of State:
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX blacked out via
FOIA (b)(1) exemption. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
        (U)     The assertions in this draft are merely unsupported
statements.  Recommend that the memorandum provide more empirical evidence to back up its assertions, and that the above comments be reflected in its contents.
        (signed)
        Daniel J. Ryan
        Director, Information Systems Security
CLASSIFIED BY:  OASD(C3I)/DIR, ISS
DECLASSIFY ON:  OADR
        [This page originally XXXXXXXX SECRET; now UNCLASSIFIED]
OFFICE OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC 20301-3040
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
30 APR 1993  (stamped)
MEMORANDUM FOR THE ACTING ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE (C3I)
(U) Advances in telecommunications have created the opportunity for
public use of encryption to ensure the privacy and integrity of
business and personal communications.  These same advances threaten
the capabilities of law enforcement and national security
operations that intercept the communications of narcotraffickers,
organized criminals, terrorists, espionage agents of foreign powers
and SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in diametric opposition
with regard to industry's right to sell and the public's right to
use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited public debate
is likely.
(U) In its simplest construct, this complex set of issues places
the public's right to privacy in opposition to the public's desire
for safety.  The law enforcement and national security communities
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use
of cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps
and other intercepts and consequently prosper.  They propose that
cryptography be made available and required which contains a
"trapdoor" that would allow law enforcement and national security
officials, under proper supervision, to decrypt enciphered
communications.  Such cryptography exists, and while there are
many practical problems to be solved, this proposal is technically
possible to achieve.
(U) Opponents of the proposal argue that the public has a right
to and an expectation of privacy, that a trapdoor system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would
not work in any practical sense.  They assert that people who are
deliberately breaking much more serious laws would not hesitate to
use cryptography that does not have a trapdoor, and that secure
cryptography will inevitably be supplied by offshore companies.
Thus, freedom will be lost and many tax dollars spent to no effect.
(U) This situation is complicated by the existence of other
interests.  For example, there currently exist strict controls on
the export of cryptography.  The computer industry points out that
it has one of the few remaining positive trade balances and that it
is vital that the dominance of the American computer industry in
world markets be preserved.  The industry fears that this will be
lost if offshore developers incorporate high-quality cryptography
into their products while U.S. industry either cannot do so or
suffers higher costs or delays due to requirements for export
licenses.  The industry argues persuasively that overseas markets
(much less drug lords or spies) will not look with favor on U.S.
products which have known trapdoors when offshore products
which do not have them are available.  In support of their
argument, they note that powerful public-key cryptography
developed and patented by RSA using U.S. tax dollars is free to
developers in Europe, subject to royalties in the United States,
and cannot be exported without expensive and time-late export
licenses.  These charges are true.
(U) The national security community is especially interested in
preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  Actually, it is too
late. The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is already widely
available throughout the world in both hardware and software forms,
and DES software can be downloaded anywhere in the world from
public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a MODEM and a
telephone.  In one recent experiment it took three minutes and
fourteen seconds to locate a source-code version of DES on the
INTERNET.  Widespread availability of DES and RSA will enable
offshore developers to provide high-quality encipherment for voice
and data communications in competition with U.S. industry's
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX  blacked out via
FOIA exemption (b)(1) XXXXXXXXXXX
(U) Despite these concerns, the President has directed that the
Attorney General request that manufacturers of communications
hardware use the trapdoor chip, and at least AT&T has been
reported willing to do so (having been suitably incentivised by
promises of Government purchases).  The Attorney General has
also been directed to create a system for escrow of key material.
The Secretary of Commerce has been directed to produce standards
based on the use of the trapdoor chip.
(U) The President has also directed that the fact that law
enforcement officials will have access to the keys will not be
concealed from the public.  National security officials are not
(U) The new administration is committed to the development of
an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement
and national security officials will be able to read at will
traffic passing along the information superhighway.  A full-scale
public debate is needed to ascertain the wishes of U.S. citizens
with regard to their privacy, and the impact on public safety of
preserving privacy at the expense of wiretapping and
communications intercept capabilities of law enforcement and
national security personnel.  It is not clear what the public will
decide.  In the meantime, DoD has trapdoor technology and the
Government is proceeding with development of the processes
needed to apply that technology in order to maintain the capability
to perform licit intercept of communications in support of law
enforcement and national security.
        (signed)
        Ray Pollari
        Acting DASD (CI & SCM)
        [This page originally SECRET; now UNCLASSIFIED]
ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
WASHINGTON DC  20301-3040
May 3, 1993
COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS AND
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
MEMORANDUM FOR DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
FROM:           CHARLES A. HAWKINS, JR., ACTING ASD(C3I) (initialed C. Hxxx)
SUBJECT:        Advanced Telecommunications and Encryption (U)
PURPOSE:        INFORMATION
DISCUSSION:(U)  In response to DEPSECDEF's tasking of
21 Apr 93 (TAB A) this information is provided.  Advances in
telecommunications have created the opportunity for public use of
encryption to ensure the privacy and integrity of business and
personal communications.  These same advances threaten the
capabilities of law enforcement and national security operations
that intercept the communications of narcotraffickers, organized
criminals, terrorists, espionage agents of foreign powers and a
broad range of SIGINT targets.  Diverse interests are in diametric
opposition with regard to industry's right to sell and the public's
right to use such capabilities.  A highly-emotional, spirited
public debate is likely.
(U)  The law enforcement and national security communities
argue that if the public's right to privacy prevails and free use
of cryptography is allowed, criminals and spies will avoid wiretaps
and other intercepts.  They propose that cryptography be made
available to the public which contains a "trapdoor" that would
allow law enforcement and national security officials, under proper
supervision, to decrypt enciphered communications.  Such
cryptography exists, and while there are many practical problems to
be solved, this proposal is technically possible to implement.
(U)  Opponents of the proposal argue that the public has a
right to and expectation of privacy, that such a system would be
prone to misuse and abuse, and that the proposed solution would not
work in any practical sense.  They assert that criminals and spies
will not hesitate to use secure cryptography supplied by offshore
companies.  Thus, the loss of privacy would outweigh any
advantages to law enforcement or national security.
(U)  The computer industry points out that it has one of the
few remaining positive trade balances and that it is vital that the
dominance of the American computer industry in world markets be
preserved.  The industry fears that this will be lost if offshore
developers incorporate high-quality cryptography into their
products while U.S. industry either cannot do so or suffers higher
costs or delays due to requirements for export licenses because of
strict controls of export of cryptography.  The industry argues
persuasively that overseas markets (much less drug lords or spies)
will not look with favor on U.S. products which have known
trapdoors when offshore products which do not have them are
CLASSIFIED BY:  DASD(CI&SCM)
DECLASSIFY ON:  OADR
        [This page originally XXXXXXXX SECRET; now UNCLASSIFIED]
(U)  The national security community is especially interested
in preventing the spread of high-quality encipherment routines
overseas, and argues that more extensive use here at home will
inevitably result in such a proliferation.  This would increase the
cost of performing the SIGINT mission or decrease the amount of
intelligence, or both.  The Data Encryption Standard (DES) is
already widely available throughout the world in both hardware and
software forms, and DES software can be downloaded anywhere in
the world from public bulletin boards by anyone with a PC, a
MODEM, and a telephone.  Thus far, widespread availability has not
led to widespread use.  However, widespread availability of DES and
RSA will make it possible for offshore developers to provide high-
quality encipherment for voice and data communications in
competition with U.S. industry's products.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX blacked out under FOIA
exemption (b)(1) XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
(U)  The President has directed that the Attorney General
request that manufacturers of communications hardware use the
trapdoor chip.  The Attorney General has also been directed to
create a system for escrow of key material.  The Secretary of
Commerce has been directed to produce standards based on the use of
the trapdoor chip.  The President has also directed that the fact
that law enforcement officials will have access to the keys will
not be concealed from the public.  National security officials are
not mentioned.
(U)  The new administration is committed to the development
of an information superhighway and a National Information
Infrastructure in support of the economy.  This worthy goal is
independent of arguments as to whether or not law enforcement and
national security officials will be able to read at will traffic
passing along the information superhighway.  A full-scale public
debate is beginning which will ascertain the wishes of U.S.
citizens with regard to their privacy and the impact on public
safety of preserving privacy at the expense of wiretapping and
communications intercept capabilities of law enforcement and
national security personnel.  It is not clear what the public will
decide.  In the meantime, DoD has trapdoor technology and the
Government is proceeding with development of the processes needed
to apply that technology in order to maintain the capability to
perform licit intercept of communications in support of law
enforcement and national security.
Prepared by:  Dan Ryan/ODASD(CI & SCM)/x 41779/28 Apr 93/OSD

@_date: 1994-03-30 09:05:28
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: the rest of the key 
I was just wondering.... If the NSA could get it's hands on half
(40) of any particular clipper key, wouldn't that just leave 2^40
to compute? Even with brute force, it's trivial  even next to DES.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-04-18 12:23:38
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: authentication cards 
I use Secure ID's from security dynamics, and have found them
very effective.
                        Security Dynamics
                       One Alewife Center
                  Cambridge, MA 02140-2312 USA
                       phone (617)547-7820
                      fax   (617)354-8836  My account exec is Wayne A Nelson, tell him I sent Ya'
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-04-18 12:40:05
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: warrantless searches 
As a lifetime Chicago resident, let me add my $.02
 The CHA projects are a Liberal idea gone bad...People confused
solid architectural fact (large buildings can be more cost
efficent) with bad social policy. (these people could effectivly
solve their own problems, and could live together in effective
 The idea of sweeps will never work, they'd have to do it a couple
of times a day. I don't even need to go into the
unconstitutionality of the whole process. The whole thing boils
down to trying to use a simple solution to solve a complex problem,
which works for politicians, but no one else.
Besides, Handguns are illegal in Chicago, and have been for more
than a decade.......
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-04-19 14:18:38
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: re; intolerance on the list 
Well, now that the issue of Marines on the list is settled,
perhaps the good SGT could share some non classified knowledge of
the USMC's extensive use of Banyan Vines.
 For those who didn't know, during Desert storm every Marine tank
was a Banyan server, the self healing nature of this network proved
very effective, in fact "Stormin Norman" gave it credit as one of
the three key assets we had.
Brian Williams
Current NRA/ILA
and other nasty stuff
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth
 "When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro" - Dr Hunter S

@_date: 1994-04-20 08:03:12
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: magnetic card technology 
There is an interesting article on Magnetic card technology in
Phrack37, I could send it to interested parties. It's about 46k.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-05-03 07:26:48
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: list active? 
Hey, no messages! Did the NSA take us out?
Brian Williams

@_date: 1994-05-03 11:43:21
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: list active? 
I haven't received any mail from Cypherpunks today, did I get accidently
removed? I did receive Norman Hardys reply however.....
Brian D Williams

@_date: 1994-05-03 12:01:29
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Re: list active? 
Thanks to Paul Ferguson, smb Bartholomew,
and Norman Hardy for replying.
 Hmmmm, I guess someone is doing something, cause I'm still not
getting any traffic today, any other WELL-beings having a problem?
  ...---... ...---... ...---... ...---... ...---... ...---...
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-05-04 08:00:02
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: list access 
Fellow cypherpunks,
 I am still not receiving the list. I thank those who have replied
to my requests for assistance. I sent a message to owner-
cypherpunks, and hope things are resolved soon. In the meantime,
beware of cheap imitations......
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-05-04 12:46:20
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: one time pad plus 
While I'm waiting for IP (internet politics) to re-establish the
link between the WELL and toad.com, I thought I'd pass along an
idea for a product I call "One Time Pad Plus."
 Basically it would work like this; Thelma is looking to pass a
message to Louise, so she XOR's plaintext file A against random
byte file B producing ciphertext file C. Now since Thelma works for
an unethical company that like to read it's employee's E-mail,
she's in need of some "plausible deniability."
 Enter "One Time Pad Plus." Thelma now XOR's ciphertext file C with
"Safetext" file D (any typically company approved useless memo)
producing "pseudorandom" file E. She now copies random file B to
disc and sends it to Louise via secure sneakernet. Then she
performs a military grade wipe on A and B. Now she can send
ciphertext file C via company E-mail.
 If her message is intercepted, she has deniability, she can claim
she has read of hackers, cypherpunks, and other evils equipped with
packet sniffers, and being concerned about security is using
encryption. She can then produce "random" file E  and decrypt
ciphertext file C which will yield not A but D the company approved
useless memo.
 She is commended for her forsight and gets a handsome bonus (yeah
 Questions? Comments? Criticism?
 Replies to private E-mail till I'm back Online.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-05-04 12:51:46
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: he's back!! 
They seem to have fixed the problem, I just got a load of mail!
Brian Williams

@_date: 1994-05-05 08:07:40
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: re: one time pad plus 
Ben replies;
Thanks for your comments Ben. Yes this does suffer from all the
same problems of a classic one time pad. (pad exchange etc)
Obviously Thelma and Louise should have exchanged mutiple pads well
in advance,(and are co-conspirators) and the "pseudorandom pad" E
would be exchanged through an alternate path (intercompany
 The part I find fun is that assuming random file B is truly
random, say from an RS232 "crypto-dongle" (if anyone builds them,
count me in!) then ciphertext file C is unbreakable, It dosen't
matter if E is random or not, C is still unbreakable, and using E
to decrypt will only  produce D.
 This was not intended as a cure all, just an interesting
application of cryptography that has interesting effects in the
world of corporate politics as well.
 One small step for cypherpunks.....
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced comunication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-05-13 13:00:20
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: 1000 extra lines.... 
Tim May say's,
 For a minute I thought you'd gotten hold of a bad
Hypercard....Snow Crash anyone?
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-06-01 06:49:43
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: clipper patent troubles? 
----------
ADMINISTRATION'S CRYPTO PLAN MAY HAVE PATENT PROBLEMS - MIT professor says
he deserves royalties
     An MIT computer scientist is trying to earn royalties on the use of the
 Administration's Clipper
encryption plan. Negotiations, which one government official described as "erratic," have been going on for a couple months.
     Silvio Micali, the professor, holds one patent that he says covers a
critical part of the government's Clipper project. He says the U.S. Patent
and Trademark Office approved but has not yet publicly issued a second
patent improving on the original invention.
     The royalty negotiations throw a wildcard onto the table of U.S.
cryptography policy at an uncertain time. If the patent covers Clipper,
opponents of U.S. policy will likely seize on the patent dispute as just one
more reason to kill Clipper; users of Clipper will face higher
costs; and the U.S. government will also have a much harder time exporting
Clipper technology. Foreign governments recoil at the prospect of paying
royalties to a U.S. citizen.
     Still, it is unclear how committed Micali is to facing off against
barrel-chested U.S. negotiators. So far, he has been talking amiably to
Michael Rubin, deputy general counsel of the National Institute of Standards
and Technology, without the aid of a lawyer. "I didn't
think that in dealing with the U.S. government, I would need a lawyer,"
Micali says. "I may be proved wrong."
     The key escrow, or Clipper, proposal is a coding scheme to provide
privacy to voice, fax, and computer communications through the use of a
secret codes. The code is embedded in a computer chip, the Clipper chip,
that the government wants installed in telephones, fax
machines and computers.
     But there's a catch: The secret key that unlocks messages is broken
into two pieces and held in escrow by the government. With a court order,
the government can reunite the two escrowed keys and tap the coded
     Micali says that his patent covers the basic notion of escrowed keys in
which trustees are given guaranteed pieces of the key. And while most of the
18 claims of the patent don't seem relevant to Clipper, the last four could
be troubling.
     One of the claims clearly covers the division of a secret key into
pieces and the recreation of those pieces in order to tap a line.
     If it applies to Clipper, Micali's patent would pose a vexing problem.
Unlike most of the rest of the key U.S. cryptographic patents, the
government does not seem to be able to use Micali's technology for free.
Micali says he made the invention on his own time, not while working on
a government-funded project, which would give the U.S. government
royalty-free use.
     At least initially, the government will be the primary user of Clipper
chip encryption devices.
Officially, it is a voluntary standard for government use. But the Clinton
Administration hopes the concept will spread into the private market. If
that happens, consumers could face a higher price tag because of the Micali
patent. The Clipper chip itself currently costs $25.
     A NIST official says the government is now evaluating Micali's patent
and talking to the professor.  The analysis includes whether the government
provided any sort of funding to Micali's research that led to the invention
underlying the patent.
     Micali initially approached the government several years ago about
adopting a cryptographic scheme that he says is preferable to Clipper.
     Clipper is a private key system in which the same key, a so-called
session key, is used to both code and decode a message. From a practical
point of view, this requires the sender and user to exchange keys
beforehand, which can be dangerous, time-consuming and expensive.
     Micali envisioned a public key system that would still give the
government access to tap phone lines.  Public key, of course, is the
greatest recent cryptographic breakthrough because it frees the parties from
selecting a key in advance.
     In a public key system, a sender will code a message with the
receiver's public key, which is widely known.  The receiver will then decode
the message with his or her private key, which is mathematically related to
the public key but difficult to compute.
     Under Micali's scheme, users would break their private keys into pieces
and give each escrow agent a piece and a mathematical proof that the piece
is legitimate. Upon proper authority, the government could then reassemble
the pieces of the key to tap a message.
     The government obviously opted for Clipper rather than Micali's
approach, but Micali did not go away. Last January, the patent office issued
his patent, so the topic of conversations shifted to royalties.
     Micali won't say what sum he is seeking from the government except that
it is reasonable compared to standard practices. It is not unusual for
patent holders to seek 5 percent to 10 percent of sales if they feel they
hold a core patent and up to 2 percent if their invention is peripheral.
     The Micali patent covers a public key system, which Micali says would
give users more control over their keys and would be less expensive, even
with royalty payments, than a hardware-based solution, like Clipper. Most of
the patent's claims, therefore, don't cover Clipper, which is a private key
system. (A user, however, may want to use a public key system like RSA to
generate the session key under Clipper.)
      Micali's patent lawyer was wise enough to round out the patent with
four general claims that cover the use of escrowed keys, regardless of the
method. Micali says his second patent, which is not yet public, may cover
Clipper even more directly.
     Claim interpretation, of course, is a matter of impression and
imprecision, especially when it relates to inventions implemented in
software. And it may be that NIST decides that Micali's claims don't
specifically cover Clipper.
   In that case, Micali would be facing a legal bill of hundreds of
thousands of dollars to make his case in court.
     Until that time, Micali is not revealing his strategy other than to say
that he may soon need a lawyer.
 ----- that's all -----

@_date: 1994-06-14 12:54:11
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: H.R. 3937 
House Intelligence Committee
 Sir,
 I am writing to ask you to support the encryption provisions of
H.R. 3937. The use of encryption is essential not only from a
personnal privacy standpoint, it is essential to effective economic
competitiveness. There are many companies around the world today
who defeat American companies on contracts solely because they are
able to provide more effective encryption in their products.
                                      Sincerly,
                                      Brian D Williams
                                      Ameritech Data Center
                                      425 w Randolph
                                      Chicago, Il 60606
                                      (312)669-2373
                                      talon57

@_date: 1994-06-21 14:01:55
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: INFORMATION WARFARE 
Winn Schwartau's new book is out, "Information Warfare" and I am
enjoying it a great deal. I thought the list might be interested.
Here are the contents:
an introduction to information warfare             11
1.  The Econo-Politics of Information Warfare      27
2.  Computers Everywhere and the Global Network    49
3.  Binary Schizophrenia                           65
4.  On The Nature of Insidious                     82
5.  Influenza, Malicious Software, and OOPS!       95
6.  Sniffers and the Switch                        114
7.  The World of Mr van Eck                        137
8.  Cryptography                                   148
9.  Chipping: Silicon-Based Malicious Software     160
10. HERF Guns and EMP/T Bombs                      171
11. Hackers: The First Information Warriors
    in Cyberspace                                  190
12. Who are The Information Warriors?              215
13. The Military Perspective                       249
14. Class 1: Personal Information Warfare          258
15. Class 2: Corporate Information Warfare         271
16. Class 3: Global Information Warfare            291
17. Defense Before Defeat                          312
18. Outline of a National Information Policy:
    A Constitution for Cyberspace and
    an Electronic Bill of Rights.                  316
19. The Future of Information Warfare              354
    Afterword: Practical Proactive
    Security and Privacy                           367
    Resources                                      384

@_date: 1994-06-22 06:56:38
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: INFORMATION WARFARE 
For those who asked:
                       INFORMATION WARFARE
              Chaos on the electronic Superhighway
                         Winn Schwartau
                      Thunder's Mouth Press
                       ISBN 1-56025-080-1
I should add that at least one member of this list wrote and
doesn't share my opinion of it. Let the buyer beware! I am still
enjoying it immensely!
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-07-08 11:06:01
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: ITAR violation? 
Someone anonymously posted;
 I would like to point out that the two major Chicago Papers are
the Chicago Sun Times, and the Chicago Tribune. There is no Sun-
Tribune. I liked the references to "A Georgetown Professor" and the
obvious reference to Steganography, but otherwise this story reeks.
 Why the Hell post it anonymously? Larry are you out there?
 A lifelong Chicago resident
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-07-14 13:30:04
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: National I.D. Cards 
It would seem we are missing a point about having National I.D.
cards. The rest of the world seems ready to rush in and adopt some
form of "Clipper" chips to monitor their own citizens. (There doing
it in the U.S.!) Do we really doubt they will adopt "The Card" as
well? (don't leave home without it!)
Step 2: International I.D. Cards......
 Can you say "New World Order?" Sure you can.......
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-07-21 07:12:06
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Cypherpunks in WIRED 
There is a great article in the August (2.08) Wired on Satellite
Pirates, we are mentioned as well as PGP...
Exerpt from wired issue 2.08 August " Satellite Pirates"
Lesson Number Four: Encryption protects little guys better then big
guys. When a scrambled TV signal is sent to millions of decoder
modules, that signal becomes easy pickings. When two individuals
exchange a brief encrypted message, that message is relativly
secure. Video pirates have started test running PGP (Pretty Good
Privacy, the "peoples encryption software") to protect private
messages that they exchange via their bulletin boards. This doesn't
just put the pirates on equal terms with the programmers, it gives
them an edge. Cypherpunks have promoted PGP as protection from a
potential state, while the Clinton administration sees it as more
of a threat to law and order. Evidently, both sides are correct,
but there no point in arguing about it anymore. The genie is out of
the bottle.
 This article is highly recommended! The two principles in the
story operate out of the Bahamas, they distribute the "magic codes"
through a nationwide series of BBS's. The "Chipped" decoders are
set to dial there local BBS!
reaching for my eyepatch and a bottle of rum!
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-07-27 09:21:54
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: RE: little brother inside 
G. Gordon Liddy was in jail for contempt for somewhere between 18
months and two years.
 This has nothing to do with crypto, but alot to do with privacy.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-07-28 12:00:25
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: "Just say NYET to NYET" 
I appreciate Nathan's openness and honesty about the inherent
biases that affect his life. In numerous dealings with the
religious right I've found that hard to come by.
 I also appreciate the fact that he is a strong believer in
privacy, although privacy, in his view, seems to be something
restricted to adults.
 Censorship is an attempt to apply Paternal/Maternal authority
outside the family unit. A place IMHO it does not belong.
 I see the internet somewhat differently though, I see it as
another world, that just happens to be accessable from our own,
kind of like America was about 500 years ago. The only difference
is that it was previously uninhabited.
 I like it the way it is!
 Now like the other world I occupy, here comes the religious right,
who aren't content to live there own lives, there going to tell me
how to live mine. (for my own good of course!)
 No way Dude.......
 I've fought your kind before, and knew it was only a matter of
time before I'd have to fight you here. I for one am ready.
 I thought Hal Finney had an excellent suggestion, why not form
your own private family values or whatever access provider, you
could censor to your hearts content! That would save ya'll from
having to move to Singapore or some other La-La land.
 Just another unwashed, uneducated, heathen, savage, heretic....
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-07-29 07:55:52
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi troubles 
There has been a rash of discussion about unusual messages from
your server on cypherpunks recently, I received this one today;

@_date: 1994-08-01 08:01:01
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: swell discusions[D[D 
Gee,
 I'd sure like to participate in all these neat discussions going
on here on cypherpunks today, but I'm busy examining these
disgusting GIF'S that some sick mind uploaded to all these sites
in Tennessee......
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-08-11 08:53:16
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Bruce Schneier appearance 
MEETING NOTICE
UniForum Chicago holds its monthly general meeting on Tuesday, August 16, 1994 at the College of DuPage and everyone is welcome.
This month's speaker is Bruce Schneier, author of APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY,
(B. Schneier, Wiley Inc., 1993).  Quoting the back cover of Bruce's
"The explosive growth of public and private computer networks has resulted
in a tremendous increase in the colume of sensitive and valuable data that
is routinely stored and transmitted digitally.  From computer messages
speeding through global networks to vast sums of money transferred
electronically, the greatest challenge in this new digital world is
keeping this formation out of the hands of unauthorized users who prey
on vulnerable computer systems.
"In APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY, data security expert Bruce Schneier details how
programmers can use cryptography--the technique of enciphering and
deciphering messages--to maintain the privacy of computer data.  Covering
the latest developments in practical cryptographic techniques, the book
shows programmers who design computer applications, networks, and storage
systems how security can be built into the computer software and systems
we use every day.
The meeting will be held at:
College of DuPage
Building M, Room 150
22nd & Lambert
Glen Ellyn, IL  60137
Take 355 to Butterfield Rd.
Butterfield West to Lambert Rd.
Lambert Rd. North to 22nd St.
West on 22nd Street to Lot 10 entrance
South into Lot 10
Park in Lot 10 and walk to Building M
Meeting Room is 150
For further information, call Mike Potter at 708 960-0133 x15.

@_date: 1994-08-11 09:05:09
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Schneier apperance update 
Sorry to post this twice, but they forgot to put the time....
MEETING NOTICE
UniForum Chicago holds its monthly general meeting on Tuesday,
August 16, 1994 at the College of DuPage and everyone is welcome.
This month's speaker is Bruce Schneier, author of APPLIED
CRYPTOGRAPHY, (B. Schneier, Wiley Inc., 1993).  Quoting the back
cover of Bruce's book:
"The explosive growth of public and private computer networks has
resulted in a tremendous increase in the colume of sensitive and
valuable data that is routinely stored and transmitted digitally. From computer messages speeding through global networks to vast
sums of money transferred electronically, the greatest challenge in
this new digital world is keeping this formation out of the hands
of unauthorized users who prey on vulnerable computer systems.
"In APPLIED CRYPTOGRAPHY, data security expert Bruce Schneier
details how programmers can use cryptography--the technique of
enciphering and deciphering messages--to maintain the privacy of
computer data.  Covering the latest developments in practical
cryptographic techniques, the book shows programmers who design
computer applications, networks, and storage systems how security
can be built into the computer software and systems we use every
The meeting will be held at:
College of DuPage
Building M, Room 150
22nd & Lambert
Glen Ellyn, IL  60137
MEETING TIME 7pm CST
Take 355 to Butterfield Rd.
Butterfield West to Lambert Rd.
Lambert Rd. North to 22nd St.
West on 22nd Street to Lot 10 entrance
South into Lot 10
Park in Lot 10 and walk to Building M
Meeting Room is 150
For further information, call Mike Potter at 708 960-0133 x15.

@_date: 1994-08-12 07:37:49
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: EFF on why they did it. 
Leahy and Edwards introduce a narrow Digital Telephony bill
with major new privacy protections
Today Senator Patrick Leahy (D-VT) and Representative Don Edwards
(D-CA) introduced their version of Digital Telephony legislation. Since 1992, the Electronic Frontier Foundation has been successful
at stopping a series of FBI Digital Telephony proposals, which
would have forced communications companies to install wiretap
capability into every communications medium.  However, earlier this
year, Senator Leahy and Rep. Edwards, who have helped to quash
previous FBI proposals, concluded that the passage of such a bill
was inevitable this year.  To head off passage of the FBI's bill,
Leahy and Edwards stepped in to draft a narrow bill, and asked for
EFF's help in the process.  EFF remains deeply troubled by the
prospect of the federal government forcing communications networks
to be made "wiretap ready," but we believe that the legislation
introduced today is substantially less intrusive that the original
FBI proposals.
Jerry Berman, EFF Policy Director said: "We have opposed digital
telephony proposals for the past three years and still do not
believe that such legislation is necessary."
"Thanks to the work of Senator Leahy and Rep. Edwards and Senator
Biden, however, the bill contains a number of significant privacy
advances, including enhanced protection for the detailed
transactional information records generated by online information
services, email systems, and the Internet," Berman said.
Many online communication and information systems create detailed
records of users' communication activities as well as lists of the
information that they have accessed.  The new legal protection is
critical in that it recognizes that this transactional information
created by new digital communications systems is extremely
sensitive and deserves a high degree of protection from casual law
enforcement access which is currently possible without any
independent judicial supervision.  Under current law,
the government can gain access to transactional records with a mere
subpoena, which can be obtained without the intervention of a
court.  Under the new privacy protections in this bill, law
enforcement would have to convince a court to issue an order based
on a finding that there are "specific and articulable facts" which
prove that the information sought would be relevant to an ongoing
criminal investigation.  "The fact that law enforcement has to take a case to court in order
to get permission to access records is a major new privacy
protection which will benefit all users of online communication
systems," said Daniel Weitzner,
EFF Deputy Policy Director.
Another important privacy protection is that there is a cap on the
amount of money that can be spent on surveillance technology in the
first four years.  The Attorney General is authorized to spend up
to $500 million on reimbursement telecommunications carriers who
retrofit their systems so as to come into compliance with the bill. So that this cap truly functions as a privacy protection, we
believe that carriers should only be responsible for complying with
the bill if the Attorney General actually pays for modifications. Government should get what it pays for, and no more.
"Although we do not support the concept of digital telephony
legislation, we believe that if Congress is to pass any version of
the bill this year, it should be along the lines of the
Leahy/Edwards version," said Berman.
"The version crafted by Senator Leahy and Rep. Edwards," Berman
explained, "is substantially better from a privacy, technology
policy, and civil liberties standpoint than the draconian measures
offered in the past by the Bush Administration."
"As the bill works through the legislative process," Berman
continued, "EFF will work to ensure that privacy and public process
provisions are strengthened, and that the scope remains narrow --
continuing to exclude the Internet, electronic bulletin board
systems, and online communications services such as America Online,
Prodigy and Compuserve.  Also, we note that the radio communication
provisions have not yet been subject to public discussion, and hope
that this will occur before the bill is considered by the full
House and Senate." FOR MORE INFORMATION CONTACT:
Jerry Berman       Policy Director           Daniel Weitzner    Deputy Policy Director    +1 202 347 5400
     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *
EFF Analysis of and comments on major provisions of the bill
A.    Key new privacy protections
1.    Expanded protection for transactional records sought by law
      enforcement
Senator Leahy and Rep. Edwards have agreed that law enforcement
access to transactional records in online communication systems
(everything from the Internet to AOL to hobbyist BBSs) threatens
privacy rights because the records are personally identifiable,
because they reveal the content of people's communications, and
because the compilation of such records makes it easy for law
enforcement to create a detailed picture of people's lives
online. Based on this recognition, the draft bill contains the
following provisions:
i.    Court order required for access to transactional records
      instead of mere subpoena
In order to gain access to transactional records, such as a list of
to whom a subject sent email, which online discussion group one
subscribes to, or which movies you request on a pay-per view
channel, law enforcement will have to prove to a court, by the
showing of "specific and articulable facts" that the records
requested are relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation. This
means that the government may not request volumes of transactional
records merely to see what it can find through traffic analysis.
Rather, law enforcement will have to prove to a court that it has
reason to believe that it will find some specific information that
is relevant to an ongoing criminal investigation in the records
that it requests. With these provisions, we have achieved for all online systems, a
significantly greater level of protection than currently exists for
telephone toll records. The lists of telephone calls that are kept
by local and long distance phone companies are available to law
enforcement without any judicial intervention at all.  Law
enforcement gains access to hundreds of thousands of such telephone
records each year, without a warrant and without even notice to the
citizens involved.  Court order protection will make it much more
difficult for law enforcement to go on "fishing expeditions"
through online transactional records, hoping to find evidence
of a crime by accident.
ii.   Standard of proof much greater than for telephone toll
records, but below that for content
The most important change that these new provisions offer, is that
law enforcement will (a) have to convince a judge that there is
reason to look at a particular set of records, and (b) have to
expend the time and energy necessary to have a US Attorney or DA
actually present a case before a court. However, the burden or
proof to be met by the government in such a proceeding is lower
than required for access to the content of a communication. 2.    New protection for location-specific information available
      in cellular, PCS and other advanced networks
Much of the electronic surveillance conducted by law enforcement
today involves gathering telephone dialing information through a
device known as a pen register. Authority to attach pen registers
is obtained merely by asserting that the information would be
relevant to a criminal investigation. Courts have no authority to
deny pen register requests. This legislation offers significant new
limits on the use of pen register data.
Under this bill, when law enforcement seeks pen register
information from a carrier, the carrier is forbidden to deliver to
law enforcement any information which would disclose the location
or movement of the calling or called party. Cellular phone
networks, PCS systems, and so-called "follow-me" services all store
location information in their networks. This new limitation is a
major safeguard which will prevent law enforcement from casually
using mobile and intelligent communications services as nation-wide
tracking systems.
i.    New limitations on "pen register" authority
Law enforcement must use "technology reasonably available" to limit
pen registers to the collection of calling number information only.
Currently, law enforcement is able to capture not only the
telephone number dialed, but also any other touch-tone digits
dialed which reflect the user's interaction with an automated
information service on the other end of the line, such as an
automatic banking system or a voice-mail password. 3.    Bill does not preclude use of encryption
Unlike previous Digital Telephony proposals, this bill places no
obligation on telecommunication carriers to decipher encrypted
messages, unless the carrier actually holds the key.
4.    Automated remote monitoring precluded
Law enforcement is specifically precluded from having automated,
remote surveillance capability.  Any electronic surveillance must
be initiated by an employee of the telecommunications carrier.
5.    Privacy considerations essential to development of new
One of the requirements that telecommunications carriers must meet
to be in compliance with the Act, is that the wiretap access
methods adopted must protect the privacy and security of each
user's communication.  If this requirement is not met, anyone may
petition the FCC to have the  wiretap access service be modified so
that network security is maintained. So, the technology used to
conduct wiretaps cannot also jeopardize the security of the network
as a whole.  If network-wide security problems arise because of
wiretapping standards, then the standards can be overturned.
B.    Draconian provisions softened
In addition, the surveillance requirements imposed by the bill are
not as far-reaching as the original FBI version.  A number of
procedural safeguards are added which seek to minimize the
threatens to privacy, security, and innovation.  Though the
underlying premise of the Act is still cause for concern, these new
limitations deserve attention:
1.    Narrow Scope
The bill explicitly excludes Internet providers, email systems,
BBSs, and other online services.  Unlike the bills previously
proposed by the FBI, this bill is limited to local and long
distance telephone companies, cellular and PCS providers, and other
common carriers.  2.    Open process with public right of intervention
The public will have access to information about the implementation
of the Act, including open access to all standards adopted in
compliance with the Act, the details of how much wiretap capacity
the government demands, and a detailed accounting of all federal
money paid to carriers for modifications to their networks. Privacy groups, industry interests, and anyone else has a statutory
right under this bill to challenge implementation steps taken by
law enforcement if they threaten privacy or impede technology
3.    Technical requirements standards developed by industry
instead of the Attorney General
All surveillance requirements are to be implemented according to
standards developed by industry groups.  The government is
specifically precluded from forcing any particular technical
standard, and all requirements are qualified by notions of economic
and technical reasonableness.
4.    Right to deploy untappable services
Unlike the original FBI proposal, this bill recognizes that there
may be services which are untappable, even with Herculean effort to
accommodate surveillance needs.  In provisions that still require
some strengthening, the bill allows untappable services to be
deployed if redesign is not economically or technically feasible.
C.    Provisions that must be changed
EFF plans to work on the following issues in the bill as the
legislative process continues:
1.    Strengthened public process
In the first four years of the bill's implementation, most of the
requests that law enforcement makes to carriers are required to be
recorded in the public record.  However, additional demands for
compliance after that time are only required to be made by written
notice to the carrier. All compliance requirements, whether initial
requests or subsequent modification, must be recorded in the
Federal Register after public hearings, to allow for public
2.    Linkage of cost to compliance requirements -- the FBI gets
what it pays for and no more
The bill authorizes, but does not appropriate, $500 million to be
spent by the government in reimbursing telecommunications carriers
for bringing their networks into compliance with the bill.  The FBI
maintains that this is enough money to cover all reasonable
expenses.  The industry, however, has consistently maintained that
the costs are five to ten times higher. Given the FBI's confidence
in their cost estimate, we believe that telecommunications carriers
should only be required to comply to the extent that they have been
reimbursed.  This spending cap is both a safeguard against
requiring unnecessary surveillance technology, and a way to
guarantee that carriers' expenses for electronic surveillance are
truly paid for by the government, not by the customers.
3.    Ensure right to deploy untappable services
The enforcement provisions of the bill suggest, but do not state
explicitly, that services which are untappable may be deployed. The bill should be state directly that if it is technically and
economically unreasonable to make a service tappable, then it may
be deployed, without interference by a court.
4.    Clarify definition of call identifying information
The definition of call identifying information in the bill is too
broad. Whether intentionally or not, the term now covers network
signaling information of networks which are beyond the scope of the
bill.  To maintain the narrow scope of the bill, this definition
should be clarified.
5.    Review of minimization requirements in view of commingled
      communications
The bill implicitly contemplates that law enforcement, in some
cases, will intercept large bundles of communications, some of
which are from subscribers who are not subject of wiretap orders. For example, when tapping a single individual whose calls are
handled by a PBX, law enforcement may sweep in calls of other
individuals as well.  Currently the Supreme Court requires
"minimization" procedures in all wiretaps, to minimize the
intrusion on the privacy of conversations not covered by a
court's wiretap order.  We believe that the bill should reinforce
the current minimization requirements by recognizing that stronger
minimization procedures may be required.
                                    * * *
Locating Relevant Documents
** Original 1992 Bush-era draft **
ftp.eff.org, /pub/EFF/Policy/FBI/Old/digtel92_old_bill.draft
gopher.eff.org, 1/EFF/Policy/FBI/Old, digtel92_old_bill.draft
bbs: +1 202 638 6120 (8N1, 300-14400bps), file area: Privacy -
     Telephony; file: digtel92.old
** 1993/1994 Clinton-era draft **
ftp.eff.org, /pub/EFF/Policy/FBI/digtel94_bill.draft
gopher.eff.org, 1/EFF/Policy/FBI, digtel94_bill.draft
bbs: +1 202 638 6120 (8N1, 300-14400bps), file area: Privacy -
     Telephony; file: digtel94.dft
** 1994 final draft, as sponsored **
ftp.eff.org, /pub/EFF/Policy/FBI/digtel94.bill
gopher.eff.org, 1/EFF/Policy/FBI, digtel94.bill
bbs: +1 202 638 6120 (8N1, 300-14400bps), file area: Privacy -
     Telephony; file: digtel94.bil
** EFF Analysis of sponsored version **
ftp.eff.org, /pub/EFF/Policy/FBI/digtel94_analysis.eff
gopher.eff.org, 1/EFF/Policy/FBI, digtel94_analysis.eff
bbs: +1 202 638 6120 (8N1, 300-14400bps), file area: Privacy -
     Telephony; file: digtel94.ana
Personnally this makes me want to puke......
No Compromise!!!!

@_date: 1994-08-16 08:52:31
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: RE "Diogenes speaks" 
Diogenes II speaks;
 Gee I don't know Detweiler, Er I mean Diogenes how many are there?
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-08-16 09:14:45
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: POST gaining ISDN privacy with data encryption 
REMEMBER:  What fallows is a direct quote from the zine.
 I too am interested in this paper. I contacted FIU, Mr Subbarao is
out of town till the end of the month, and his research assistant
is off for a few days. (her husband had minor surgery) I left my
number and will let the list know anything I find out.
 Can anyone else help?
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-08-22 12:37:15
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Adam Smiths Money World 
For those who missed it, the PBS show "Adam Smiths Money World"
was on privacy in the information age. It spent alot of time
demonstrating what was available on you if you knew where to look.
 It also profiled a company called "Kroll and Associates" that does
big business doing Blacknet type dossiers on people and
corporations. They apparently were able to trace more than 6
billion dollars of  So-damm-Insanes secret bank accounts. This
company supposedly does U.S. 50 mil a year in business.
 They also talked about the possibility of "reputation" companies
reresenting your privacy interests.
 The big point was that privacy is drastically decreasing, and that
privacy protection was a big growth industry.
 The unrestrained capitalism approach to the whole thing was very
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-08-22 12:38:40
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: RE; creating privacy crises 
Want to launch a privacy crisis? Try anonymously posting a few
adoption records!
 I've always thought this was an interesting area, information
about the real you being kept from you. I won't start a diagression
flame fest by going on about "adoption horror stories" ( Hmmm,
interesting book idea there!)
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-08-23 07:09:56
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: RE: in search of real digital cash 
Peter Wayner adds;
Ameritech/Citibank is running a home banking system right now.  You
can buy a display phone that accepts a Citibank smartcard and gives
you complete access to your accounts, it functions just like an
ATM, except you can't currently deposit and withdraw. Digicash is
rumoured to be forthcomming. Also as part of the startup, the white
pages are available. The phones are made by Philips, I'm still
trying to track down the exact nature of the smart cards
encryption, although I was told it was "Standard bank encryption."
I was in charge of installation for this project.
I'll keep everyone informed.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-09-02 11:15:38
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: minor humor: telco's vs cable companies 
We at TPC like to put it to people quite simply,
" Do you want your cable service to be like your phone service, or
do you want your phone service to be like your cable service?"
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-09-06 07:38:34
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: AIDs testing and privacy 
There was an interesting piece on a new AIDs self-test kit this
morning that focused on privacy.
 The idea is that an AIDs self-test kit is made widely available
via your local pharmacy. You use the kit's materials to draw a drop
of blood, which you place on an enclosed test slide.
 You then seal the slide, attach a barcoded sticker, and mail in
the enclosed mailer to a lab.
 After a few weeks, you call a 1-800 number, punch in your code
(from the sticker) and you get a recording telling you if the test
was negative.
 From this point on the piece (CBS this morning) was elaborating on
whether or not a machine should be used to pass on this news, or
should a "real" person be involved.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-09-07 10:59:37
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: MISC: public key revocation certificate 
After carefull consideration of the matter I have decided to
follow Philip Zimmermans request, revocation certificate follows.

@_date: 1994-09-14 09:14:21
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: EFF's DIGICASH Archive 
compiled by Stanton McCandlish
EFF Digital Money & Online Commercial Transactions Archive
Index of:
ftp.eff.org, /pub/EFF/Policy/Privacy/Crypto_Clipper_ITAR/Digital_money/
gopher.eff.org, 1/EFF/Policy/Privacy/Crypto_Clipper_ITAR/Digital_money
 money/
chaum_privacy_id.article - David Chaum's August 1992 article from
                           Scientific America describing "blind signature'
                           technology and the possibilities of enhanced
                           digital privacy.  Such technology is behind
                           Chaum's "DigiCash" e-money system.
david_chaum.biblio - a 1994 list of publications by David Chaum,
                     "the father of digital money", and strong proponent
                     for online transaction systems that are anonymous
                     and cryptographically secure.
digicash.brochure - a 1994 brochure describing what DigiCash is.
digicash.gif - the DigiCash logo.  This is a GIF-format graphic file.
digicash.announce - May 1994 press release hailing digicash as the first
                    online cash payment system over computer networks.
double_spend_finney.notes - October 1993 notes from a mailing list
                            Chaum's digital cash in lay terms, focussing
                            on the "double spending" problem that has
                            so far crippled attempts to institute online
                            transactions by others.  By Hal Finney.
ecash.gif - an "E-Cash" logo graphic (intended for use by merchants that
            accept DigiCash).
magic_money.announce - may 1994 description of Magic Money V1.1 with
                       autoclient and multiserver capability.  This is
                       an Internet-based digital money system.
online_banks.info - a listing of online banks worldwide, books about
                   online banking and a description of why online banking
                   increases the privacy of individuals.
online_cash_chaum.paper - Chaum's 1993 article describes 3 ways to make
                           online cash exchange work.
prepaid_smartcard_chaum.article - Chaum's 1994 paper explaining the
                                  technique of prepaid smartcards which
                                  contains stored value (in terms of
                                  which a user might exchange with a vendor
                                  rather than cumbersome cash.
secure_newsgroup.paper - Marc Rinquette's August 1992 article on
                         implementing electrocnic cash using secure
                         newsgroups.
visa_e-purse.announce - 1994 article and commentary discussing "electronic
                         purse" proposal from Visa.

@_date: 1994-09-16 08:38:41
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: RE: privacy in Unix enviroment 
" Vladimir Z. Nuri" a.k.a. Larry Detweiler asks:
 So, what'cha up to now Detweiler?
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-09-20 08:29:40
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: RE: American Survival Guide 
CLIPPER INSIDE
"CLinton's Orwellian plan to bug every compute,telephone,and fax...
 * Does a fair job on clipper.
 * mentions Matt Blaze's paper but gets it wrong.
 * does a side blurb on the EFF.
 * does another side blurb on PGP.
 * mentions Digital Telephony but doesn't mention EFF/FBI    collaboration.
 * essentially very Anti-clipper
 * picture on page 46 alone worth the price of admission hehe...
 Typical issue, even better is the article "Liberalism as a form of
codependency." Even better was last month's article "Make mine a Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-09-21 08:45:40
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: international escrow and things 
Boy, doesn't this just give you a warm and fuzzy feeling?
 "Sorry I couldn't attend your conference Dorothy, I was busy doing
my cryptography homework."
 On the subject of remailers, I just had a thought. What about a
series of "meta-remailers" known only to the remailer operators?
 Is this just a case of meta-security through obscurity?
 Then there's that pesky "web of trust" thing....
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1994-09-26 13:36:00
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: Forwarded: tagging info 
Forwarded from Extropians:
 First off, before I discuss schemes for tagging data, let me say
that I'm completely opposed to copyrights, patents, and all forms
of intellectual property law.  They're unhip and anti-extropian. I realize that a majority of Extropians will come out in favor of
copyright law, given that they're knowledge workers, but they're
misguided:  there are plenty of ways to turn information into cash
without making the free exchange of information illegal.  Use your
originality rather than a big stick.
(For more, see my article "Free the Bits", article  That said, let me describe the ways I've worked out to be Big
Brother. I've done some work on methods of tagging data in such a
way that the tags can't be removed without destroying the
information.  This is what we really want if we're trying to trace
where our data goes.
 I'm interested in cryptographically strong methods of tagging
data, so putting tags in the noise bits of an image, or in the
whitespace of text, is not good enough.  Such tags can be easily
ripped out.
 The old mapmaker's trick -- inserting a small nonexistent street
into each map -- is more like what I'm getting at.  The idea is to
do a small amount of damage at a chosen site, in such a way that if
the thieves try to cover up the damage without detecting the target
site, they will have to destroy the information they set out to
steal.  Mainly I've thought about the case of tagging a piece of ASCII
text, with a different set of tags for each copy of the text,
enabling me to enforce a contract with a buyer of the information
not to redistribute it.  I'm going to choose to make small content
changes, like exchanging a word for its synonym, as my means of
inserting tags into the text which can't be smoothed away.
 The meat of what I'm interested in is when, say, 10 thieves get
together and compare their (distinctly tagged) copies of a newswire
article. Can they succeed in removing the tags and distributing a
clean copy? They do a "diff" of their copies and discover that the
100'th word is sometimes "but" and sometimes "however", and
similarly for 20 other words throughout the document.  The thieves
now have to decide which word to include in their output document
(say, by flipping a coin), in order to scramble any information the
tagger hoped to insert.
 So who wins?  Tagger or thieves?  The short answer is, my kind of
tagging is effective in most cases, but not against a large group
of sophisticated thieves (more than about 20 or so of them).  This
is because the number of tag bits required, according to my
calculations, is exponential in the number of thieves.   To see some stuff I wrote last year as part of a discussion on the
sci.crypt newsgroup, and code for a simulator I wrote to test out
an interesting case, retrieve article

@_date: 1994-12-05 11:52:07
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: better than Oceania 
Far more interesting than Oceania is the Millennial Project. It is
not only in it's second revised edition, but has a very active BBS
and hopes to be a list on the net soon (there looking for an assist
with this so anyone who can help them out, would be appreciated)
They have also had two national gatherings, and the group has
numerous engineers running various planning committees, and they
have downloadable spreadsheets on various aspects. It is a definate
breath of fresh air from all the doomsayers out there.
 They also have a healthy respect for privacy and encryption. The
book is available at any good bookstore.
 "The Millennial Project" seven easy steps to colonizing the Galaxy
by Marshall Savage.
Brian Williams
"Cryptocosmology: Sufficently advanced communication is
                  indistinguishable from noise." --Steve Witham
 "Have you ever had your phones tapped by the government? YOU WILL
  and the company that'll bring it to you....  AT&T" --James Speth

@_date: 1995-02-06 12:29:02
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: RE: Firewall chips 
Devices of this type are known generically as "infinity
transmitters." They will not function anywhere the phone network is
run by a digital (4ESS or better) switch.
 In a modern switch, the ringing you hear is being generated by the
switch, the switch is simultaneously ringing the number you dialed,
however the two are not physically connected. The actual connection
is not made untill the far end answers, this was implemented to
stop various types of fraud, and unauthorized eavesdropping.
Brian D Williams

@_date: 1995-02-06 14:13:47
@_author: Brian D Williams 
@_subject: RE: DNA ink 
Yes, this would work even better! If the ink just contained your
DNA, someone could use PCR to duplicate it! If you actually signed
in blood, they would have to match the type and if a white blood
cell was there they would have to "forge" the mitochondria since
they have different DNA! This is not to mention other blood
 There is prime material here for Klaus! on the the difficulties of
running "blood remailers" "anonymous bloodletting," etc.....
Brian D Williams
"Prime material here"  heh heh!
