
@_date: 1996-01-11 04:45:02
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Is this true... 
Being new to crypto subjects, I guess I'm pretty gullable about how much one
should use encryption in general.  I remember reading somewhere that it
would probably be best for the 'world as a whole' if everyone used
encryption whenever possible so that when you DO send encrypted messages
that actually contain information you want kept secret, it doesn't stick out
like a sore thumb.
To that end, I should imagine that once I have a person's pgp key, they may
well never see another cleartext message from me again!  Of course, now I'm
trying to figure out how to use the anonymous remailers and such.  Boy, this
is fun!
Of course, the fact that my government doesn't really care for the idea of
publicly available cryptography makes it even more enticing.

@_date: 1996-01-27 02:00:48
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Enquirer 
Man, I wish I knew who was writing this!  No matter what mood I start out
in, once I've waded through the noise and get to the Enquirer, I always feel

@_date: 1996-01-30 08:08:40
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: Escrowing Viewing and Reading Habits with the Government 
^^^^^^^^^^^
Please tell me this was not an actual quote.  The term re-education scares
me more than anything, as it's the term typically used by authoritarian
dictatorships for their tortures and murders.

@_date: 1996-01-30 03:59:52
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: more RANTING about NSA-friendly cpunks 
But what he's saying is basically this:  If instead of targeting a single
entity - (eg Zimmerman) for a crypto violation, they had to look at
thousands of separate entities per violation (eg cypherpunks, inner circle,
users on AOL who have a clue, mit professors, cryptographic experts, corner
preachers, etc.), then soon the court system would be forced to come to the
realization that, indeed, the genie IS out of the bottle, and the system as
a whole would have to recognize that a change needs to be made.  As it
stands, they bullied on ONE man for something he didn't do, and could drop
the case without there needing to be a precedent set.
  Because there is now no precedent, the NSA and FBI can still use the ITAR
regulations to batter any indiviual who attempts to distribute strong
cryptography tools to the general public.  If they had been confronted with
tens, hundreds, thousands, or tens of thousands of people tangibly involved
in distributing cryptographic tools, then it would have been much harder for
them to say "We are just going to drop this.".  They would have had to
either go the distance or dismiss it in the beginning.
  If PGP had been developed under the gnu charter or the Linux concept, what
would the government have been able to do about it being distributed?  NOT A
DAMNED THING.
Or at least that's my opinion.

@_date: 1996-01-30 03:56:05
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Here's how you put your key on the keyservers... 
I got a message in response to a request I made to someone for their public
key.  I wanted to check the signatures that they included with their posts
to cypherpunks, but their key was not on the keyservers.  The key they
included was completely unsigned, and when I use it to validate their
previous posts as well as the message they sent which included the key, the
signatures come back as bad, the contents of the file changed.  Names are
appropriately withheld (I hope).  As I understand the bcc: definition, only
I and the first smtp server this message hits should know who it's to.  I
don't know if anyone else reading this mailing list needs this info, but
just in case... here's my reply to the message.
Don't worry about being a 'newbie'.  Everyone starts somewhere.  However,
your key will usually not 'find its way' to a server without you
specifically sending it.  The keyserver I usually use is accessed by sending
a mail message which fits the following format.  As far as I know, all the
keyservers use this format to add or update keys in their databases.  You
only have to send it to one keyserver, and it will propagate to all the
others.  I have indented the text so that no handlers decide to interpret it
as a new message.
- - To: pgp-public-keys
- - Subject: ADD
- -
- - -----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
- - Version: 2.6.2
- -
- - [key deleted to protect the innocent]
- -
- - -----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
If you don't admit you don't know something, nobody will usually tell you
how to do it.  Also, you should sign your own key.  That will make it harder
to forge, I think.  The reasons were spelled out in a couple of the web
pages I read, but I've forgotten them.  It has something to do with either a
denial of service attack or a man in the middle attack, or both.  The
command to do this is:
pgp -ks 0xHEXKEYID
Honestly, I've only just begun to use pgp myself.  Also, you should add your
e-mail address to the user-id of your key.  The command to do so is: pgp -ke 0xHEXKEYID
You will be asked if you wish to add a user id to the key.  Say yes, and
give it your e-mail address.  What this does is it allows people who are
using pgp-enabled mailers to directly encrypt messages to you without
choosing your key manually.
The reason that I have not encrypted this message to you using the key you
provided is that when I extracted the key and re-checked your message, the
signature was no good.  I've found that (using eudora) I must turn off the
word wrap feature of my mailer to allow for good signed messages out.  Of
course, having said this, I'll probably not get a good signature on this
message.  Let me know if it signs ok.
Now, I have a question.  Which attack(s) is/are a person vulnerable to when
distributing an unsigned public key in the open?  Could this actually be a
complex man-in-the-middle attack?  Am I paranoid?

@_date: 1996-02-08 04:25:53
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: Windows PGP mail reader 
I recently picked up "PGP Windows Shell".  I have found it to be an excellent utility for encrypting and decrypting messages as easily as cutting to and pasting from the clipboard.  All operations are automated, you can use whatever mailer you want, and it's freeware.  The URL is  Also, if you want something to automate usage of the cypherpunk style remailers, check out Joel McNamara's Private Idaho.  It's an excellent tool, also freeware, and is available at URL Another utility you might like to look at (of course it's freeware too) is PGP WinFront.  While it's a little more cumbersome than PGP Windows Shell, it has all the same functionality.  There is also a shareware utility available from the same URL, called PGP QuickFront.  The combination of QuickFront and WinFront make using PGP under windows almost pleasant.  It can be found at  .

@_date: 1996-03-22 01:15:35
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: IPG cracked with known plaintext 
I seem to remember some sales named daemon stating that if anyone could break their system, the prize would be the company.  I imagine that the continuing rants from IPG are a means of devaluing the company beyond it's already measly worth, thus making the company unworth claiming.  It's obvious that the system has been trivially broken after a day and a half of being semi-published.
Is there any other point to this?
I could as easily generate an OTP pulling pages at random from the New England Journal Of Medicine or the Microsoft Visual C++ Programmer's Guide and XORing the text with my plaintext...
But that still leaves me in the cipher.obscurity = cipher.security realm, doesn't it?  Think we could sell it???  Of course, as long as it was someone else choosing the pages, I could trust it, right?  (Damn, which smiley is it for sarcasm?)

@_date: 1996-03-24 02:17:11
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: LET'S ROCK!!!! 
Seems to me that you could set up a pseudonymous account, then mail the list owner from that account.  She'll get you first couple of messages before she realizes it's you.  If you can be persuasive enough in these messages that she'll re-instate you on the list, you're good to go.
If she doesn't decide to re-instate you, set up an alias somewhere, and subscribe to the list using that alias.
Fucking up the mailing list is NOT something you should even consider.  Childish and irresponsible behavior is seldom a means of gaining respect.

@_date: 1996-03-24 03:05:23
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: New Beta Test of PGPfone available WINDOWS '95 Included! 
Windows95 doesn't complain at all about other operating systems resident on your
machine, nor does it invalidate partitions which it can't read.  You just can't access
the partitions.

@_date: 1996-03-30 17:45:56
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Cpunk Bashing 
I think that sometimes, one's cumulative reputation must count for something.
Most of the people who are included in this 'list of shame' have contributed
enormously to the furtherance of the crypto field in general.  Whether I conscribe
to their viewpoints or not on a given subject, it is rather easy for me to think
of something they have written which I use as a rather concrete reference.  Thusly,
given a track record of open and noteworthy thought on the field, I find it difficult
to denounce, as an example, Bruce Schneier.  Especially IF it's only a matter of
sharing a difference of opinion on a given bill or set of bills before our lawmakers.
Considering the fact that I've not seen Mr. Schneier come out on either side of the
Leahy Bill or, for that matter, many of the other bills currently before the congress,
it's hard for me to support mail-bombing him or many of the others on the list.
I think that the anonymous poster is behaving in a manner which I find
reprehensible in calling for such measures.  Therefore I simply ignore most of
the postings which match the pattern of the List Of Shame.  Have I researched
what statements or postings could have brought about the addition in the And since Mr/Ms Anonymous has chosen not to cite any particular references,
I'm not inclined to follow his/her lead.
To follow the example of several hundred thousand lemmings is not often
gauged as a wise thing.  Provide me a REASON to believe there has been
a treachery perpetrated, and perhaps that cliff won't look quite so high.

@_date: 1996-06-05 15:51:49
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: NYT on NTT/RSA Chips 
What is wrong with this is that, because RSA did not, in practice deliver
the software to NTT, they can have no expectation of payment.  Thus begins
a trumped up lawsuit in international court, and it will eventually cost
RSA more to collect on the sale than the sale was worth.  As many rock-solid
implementations of the RSA algorithms as are out there, all NTT has to do
is go to an FTP site in the netherlands.  Done deal.  But what about the
copyrights (which are still unclear) and the US patents?  NTT would not be
able to market their system in the US without losing face.
Not gonna happen.
Just my $.02...
PGP key available on the keyservers --
A wise man said that if one seeks to preserve his security by giving up
a measure of his freedom, he shall not have either one for long...
Dude's Dead.

@_date: 1996-09-25 11:21:52
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous remailer information <unsolcitied NOISE> 
Wasn't aware I'd asked for any information regarding your 'anonymous'
service.  Whether you believe it to be the best on the net or not, I was completely unaware of it's existence.
Hmm...  I've heard of remailers being run for legitimate reasons like
protecting freedom of speech, allowing a means to disseminate information
anonymously, and simply protecting the identity of the person sending the
message, but never for ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY...
Ok, I'll bite..
Don't I encrypt it first with the public key of your remailer?  Otherwise,
how can I instruct the mailer which next hops to make?  And since I'm sending all this in the clear to your remailer, don't I end up being open for a man in the middle attack, traffic analysis, and just plain anybody with a sniffer on my ISPs terminal servers.
Ah, so I can post the hundreds of kiddie porn pics I have through your
service and be moderately untraceable?
Well, naturally.  Most mail systems on the internet have serious problems
digesting binary objects.  Oh, I guess you were expecting that I'd use the Microsoft Mailer...
Yet another question I didn't ask.
Sounds like a plan.  Can I have my name removed from your unsolicited mailing list this way?  When I start running a remailer service, I think I'll adopt that strategy, if possible.  Of course, MY remailer will be a cypherpunks style remailer or a mixmaster.  And it'll be free, too.  Of course, people will need to know a little bit about crypto and privacy to use it...  but hey, ya gotta keep out the riff-raff somehow.
Or perhaps because no one in their right minds believes your remailer to be anonymous.

@_date: 1996-10-15 20:00:38
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: Sameer should sue the SPA 
Allow me to play the fool here for a minute.  If I really wanted to put up
a site which held copyrighted material available for download on the web
or via FTP, I could do it using two semi-anonymous accounts, a crontab entry, and the anonymous remailer network.
Since finding me, personally in the first place would be difficult at
best, and three doors down from impossible if I really tried...  Wouldn't
it make sense to go after whoever my enemies could get to?
Watch the movie "The Usual Suspects".  When Kaiser Solce wanted to get at
his enemies, he killed their friends, business associates, anyone who owed
them money, their families, etc...  A site to which no one makes any links
soon becomes an abandoned site.
Perhaps this is the "Deep Pockets Rule" at it's finest.  If you can't get
action from your enemy directly, attack his allies.  Whether they knew
they were allied against you or not is irrelevant.
Or maybe I've had too many beers.
"Obviously, the US Constitution isn't perfect, but
it's a lot better than what we have now." - Unknown
PGP key id - 0xDEACDFD1 - Full key available from

@_date: 1996-11-10 07:51:50
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: Re: allow me to state the obvious.... 
To remove oneself from the CypherPunks mailing list, one MUST follow
these instructions TO THE LETTER.  Results from these instructions
could take up to two weeks to take effect.
1) Send a mail message to majordomo
   To: majordomo
   From: you
   Subject: unsubscribe cypherpunks you
   unsubscribe cypherpunks you
2) Obtain 1 (one) bottle of tequila (Cuervo Gold, 1.5 liter)
3) Contact Ted Garrett  for a snail-mail address
   to send the bottle of tequila to.
4) Send the bottle of tequila to the address obtained in step 3.
5) Sit back and watch your mail volume decrease.
In the event that these instructions fail to get you removed from the
CypherPunks mailing list, follow these steps :
1) Send mail to admin
   To: admin
   From: you
   Subject: Please remove me from CypherPunks...
   Dear Sir:
      I have been attempting to remove myself from the CypherPunks
      Mailing list for the past 2 (two) weeks, without any success.
      Please find it in your heart to make the administrative
      corrections necessary for me to no longer receive a copy of
      mail sent to cypherpunks
      Thank you.
      Your Name Here
2) Obtain 1 (one) bottle of tequila (Cuervo Gold, 1.5 liter)
3) Send the object obtained in step 2 to the address previously
   obtained from Ted Garrett 4) Sit back and watch your mail volume decrease.

@_date: 1996-11-14 22:48:24
@_author: Ted Garrett 
@_subject: [CRYPTO] web-of-trust, signatures, and anonymity 
Ok, People...
Let's say that I receive a message via a mailing list from an entity.
This message is signed with a PGP public key.  Being that I am
interested in some of the ideas proposed by this entity, I respond to
the message, but I fat-finger my mailer and it sends out the message
unsigned.  However, my .signature is reasonably automated and my
public key id is included there.
I obtain the the public key associated with the original entity from
the keyservers and the signature verifies, but the key on the servers
is not signed.
Concurrently, I receive a message in response to a message I sent to
this entity, which comes to me encrypted with my public key and signed
with the private key paired off to the public key I obtained for
this entity from a keyserver.
Being a believer in anonymity, I feel that whatever person, machine,
or thing which placed the key on the keyserver and kindly responded to
my message is reasonably expected to be the owner of the private key
associated with the public key I obtained.  Is this a fallacy?
Am I wrong to sign the public key I got from the keyserver and return
said key to the address purported to be the entity of ownership?  What
the entity does with the signature is, in my opinion up to it.
Is it unrealistic to assign the probability of two entities being able
to generate signatures for the same public key as close to zero?
(consider that this is a 2047 bit key)
Am I opening myself to attacks?  By this, I mean to ask whether
or not MY key is in any way possibly compromised in the exchange
I keep a separate and 'unpublished' keypair to be used for physically
met individuals.  The public key of this keypair is NEVER sent by any
means other than physically.  This key signs only the keys of the
people I meet in person or have extensive telephone conversations
with.  While people who recieve the signature of this key also get a
copy of it, I only distribute this key to those I trust not to
disseminate it further.
