
@_date: 1996-11-03 19:22:39
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: [NOISE] Vulis, Censorship on cypherpunks & all this b.s. 
After reading about the great moral indignation & general dispeptitude
people seem to be finding over Dimitri's removal, I basicly have
one response.
Get a life.
I mean really, the guy was (and is) freakin intolerable. He just caused
major noise on the list and that's about all.
The bottom line is that his removal just makes the list a more
sane, less crap filled place.
As for all the upset & indignation, well jesus, like you people can't
find better things to get indignant about? How bout spending the
same amount of time writing to your congressman about the bletcherous
crypto policies being promoted by government facists? Or the same
amount of time on sticking an html interface to an anon remailer
in your web page... etc. It just comes across as sanctimonious and incredibly irrelivant b.s.
for people to be "upset" in any way over some nitwit being jerked
off the list after he's been given far, far, more reasonable alternatives
than to act the way he had been.

@_date: 1996-11-09 23:46:52
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Mailing list liability (fwd) 
After having read the post where you go the dinosaur route, and
read it carefuly I might add, I have to tell you that I disagree
with you on some pretty basic levels.
The first being that lists are not so much editorialized publications,
as they are vehicles for community. That irrguardless of wether they
are moderated or unmoderated. I belive that argument would be
both easy to argue, and easy to understand in a court. And I think
it'd win.
As for the list dying off, it's in far greater danger of dying off
from off-topic noise and the sort of childish potty insults Vuilis
was spamming the list with. If you don't goto a "big issue" mentality,
and just look at it from the point of veiw of basic subscription,
and basic interest, this is blindingly obvious.
In any case, I don't know which is worse, Vulis's spam, or the spam
about Vulis and his removal. There's not a whole lot of difference,
neither are relivant to crypto, and they're about equaly as annoying.
Tim Scanlon

@_date: 1996-11-16 02:25:35
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Censor John Gilmore -- EFF is a disgrace! 
Stephen Boursy wrote, along with a horde of others with no lives:
[lots of worthless crap snipped out]
It's not an abuse of power. It was an effort to curtail inappropriate
SPAM. Much like this entire topic has become non-crypto SPAM on the
cypherpunks list. Hmm, above that you tried to argue that it wasn't a list, but a
"public forum", logicly then you state that it is allready in
the "public domain". Then you turn around and say it isn't, and
should be taken from a private forum into the "public domain".
Perhaps if you stopped ranting, you might realize your mistake. Ahh, but you previously said it wasn't public property. That aside, just because you say it is, doesn't mean it's so. Now
I realize that up there at MonopolySoft, that sort of logic actually
works, but in the real world it doesn't. The content may very well be
"public property" as such, but the list itself, and where it resides
are not public property. Please, the EFF is NOT a Cypherpunks organization. They may share
some of the same goals, but they arn't the same. This should be obvious
to even the most logicly deficient. Oh, and it's spelled "internet", and when use inside a sentance, it isn't
capitolized, no matter what Bill tells you. And if you pulled the plug
on any of your 6 lists, the members would have the option of reforming
another list someplace else, but it would be YOUR OPTION to pull the
plug, unless you were "only" the adminstrator, and not the list "owner".
John owns the list in the classic sense. (Ok I realize I may have lost
you there Mr. "InterNet", but the way it works is that either organizations
or individuals own lists, in this case it's an individual.)
All bullshit aside, this whole thing has NOTHING to do with crypto.
And it has very VERY little to do with censorship either. And it's
gotten way, way out of hand. I suggest that it might be better not
to spam cypherpunks with this stuff, and to give it a rest. Between
the 2 lists & various people I see represented here, with all due &
serious respect, you folks have GOT to have better, more important,
and far more deserving issues to devote your time to. I would hope
that you would take a few moments and think about those things, and
consider acting appropriatly in light of those thoughts.
Tim Scanlon

@_date: 1996-11-16 10:10:30
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: [NOISE] aga isn't on cypherpunks... (and I'm glad) 
"aga that 'aga' guy, is NOT subscribed to cypherpunks.
What has and is going on is that he was blindly Cc'ing cypherpunks
on everything he wrote that had to do with this... I exchanged some mail with the guy, he didn't understand AT ALL that
"cypherpunks was a mailing list address. He seemed to think
that he had to be "subscribed" to the list in order for any traffic
to goto it.
When I pointed out to him that this was not the case, his attitude was
that it was not his fault and that the list was "broken" etc.
If you havn't figured it out, BELIVE ME, talking to this guy is a
definative waste of packets.
He's ranting with basicly no clue about how he's doing the ranting...
And this stuff has now been cross-posted to about 6 newsgroups by
him, in addtion to the 3 mailing lists he's been sending it to.
I ended up asking him why he wasn't jsut cutting to the chase and
posting "Make Money Fast" stuff instead. (he didn't seem to get it.)
I'd suggest ignoring him & hoping he goes away. As it is it was a MAJOR
mistake of mine to even attempt to interject sanity into the whole
stupid thread on this... Why? Because there's better things to worry
about in life. Like this H/P crypto announcment... Or anything crypto
related for that matter. As it is the thread continues like some bad
crack-addled version of the energizer bunny. PS, I just realized my dog does better at staying focused on doing tricks that this list does on staying focused on crypto... That's a bit scary.

@_date: 1996-11-17 02:52:17
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Censor John Gilmore -- EFF is a disgrace! 
Horrifying eh? Hmm I found this just a bit to priceless to resist.
I guess it falls under the old 'but I'll defend your right...' way
of looking at things...
In any case, here you go, this is the latest contribution of software
from Dimitri to the values of freedom of expression and non-censoring
& all that blather.
 Phrack 49, file p49-09 published this month:
                            .oO Phrack Magazine Oo.
                        Volume Seven, Issue Forty-Nine
                                 File 09 of 16
                          by Dr.Dimitri Vulis (KOTM)
               A Content-Blind Cancelbot for Usenet (CBCB)
And what follows, is Dr. Dimitri, defender of freedom of expression,
champion of the anti-censors on the net, posting code to the world to
engage in exactly those activities that everyone has been ranting about
as being so utterly "horrifying (forged cancellations etc)" as it were.
Amusing to say the least.

@_date: 1996-11-17 13:32:10
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Censor John Gilmore -- EFF is a disgrace! 
Dave Hayes wrote;
To quote the editors of phrack on this: "Hey, he submitted it and we published it".
If Dimitri wants to deny submission it's up to him. Plenty of people regularly
publish stuff in Phrack using either their real names, or aliases that are
so well connected with their real names as to be inseperable.
Cypherpunks are not hackers, don't confuse the two.

@_date: 1996-11-18 14:06:08
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: U.S. CIA employee caught spying 
This is on the local DC news;
Harold Nicholson age 46, a CIA employee was arrested for spying today
at Dulles airport. He allegedly has been working for the Russians
for the past 2 years.
He was caught after he failed a series of polys, and bank account irregularities had been noticed, as well as suspcious travel.
They got him on hidden video apperently photocopying documents
that he intended to pass along.

@_date: 1996-11-19 00:23:54
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Exposing GAK / Clipper III 
(this is my preliminary .02 cents on a part of this so far)
I've been giving the "how to deal with this" question some thought,
as it seems the government strategy is to chip away at our
right to privacy via extorting compromise and any other method
they can come up with. It occurs to me that one of the things that has been going on,
is that the Government (US) in it's discussion of crypto and
what it will and won't allow, has been playing on the nature of
the beast somewhat. In that many of the most tradtional uses of
crypto are to keep the conversations of governments private,
there is a neccesary tradition of quiet and secrecy that goes on
about it.
It appears to me that this aspect of "quiet" discussion has carried
over into the discussions with the private sector over it. Well, the
problem I see with that is that it makes little to no sense. There
is no reason for it. In many, many other sectors of the government,
with the defense industry perhaps being the most leading one, private entities of all sorts, and particularly corporations, go to
a serious effort to openly lobby their positions as well as what they
want PUBLICLY to the government.
The recent spam of TV ads in the DC area by Lockheed Martin corp. is a very good example of this type of effort. My point being, what sorts of things the government is asking of
industry should be far more openly disputed and discussed, and lobbied
than they are. Crypto is not the black art, nor is it that-which-has-no
name and should you say it you'll be struck by lightning type of thing
that certain gov entities treat it as, it's a frakin tool to ensure
privacy, and that's all. Granted, it's one hell of a hard tool to work
on and with, but it's still just a tool.
We need more openess from industry and interested corporations. Lame
press confrences that come after the fact are not in their or the
public's interest. Perhaps we as the public should try to encourage that
more directly from corps as well.

@_date: 1996-11-27 19:34:24
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: DSP's & crypto 
About a year or 2 ago I read some stuff in sci.crypt about
some people doing encryption stuff, I belive with DES, using
DSP chips, I am interested in finding the folks who were working
on it, or related code. If anyone out there has that sort of info
I would appreciate some pointers in their direction.
Tim Scanlon

@_date: 1996-11-29 20:37:33
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: KUDOS to Kathleen: [Re: Dorthy Denning is a boot-licking fasicist!!!] 
Unfortunatly the "too few of us practice" line could have read
'too few of us on cypherpunks practice'. Crypto has really been
suffused by noise on this list badly. One of the reasons I origionaly
signed on this list was that it was a really happening place for
crypto & cypherpunk-ish "values" (as it were), and other venues were
just "too noisey". I recently, out of dispair, checked some of the
'other' venues, and found them to have 90% more crypto related stuff.
It's rather sad, too much freak ranting & political bs, and too
little crypto. When it comes to the Dennings, (I speak of Mr. & Mrs., they are fairly
blissfully married.) they are two people who are some of the MOST flameproof that I have ever seen. Rank insults are NOT going to get
anyone anywhere with them, except to possibly increase their sense
of persecution. Peter Denning is not a very popular guy with everyone
where he works to say the least, and has suffered some absolutly withering
attacks for HIS politics at George Mason university, to a degree that
makes even the most intense crap I've seen tossed around Cypherpunks look
contemptibly childish.
In a nutshell, all this anti-denning ranting on here is bush league,
amateur hour, kiddie stuff compared to what they've gotten elsewhere
for different reasons. (Well marginaly, they're facists, and that
is pretty much a shared theme with their politics in multiple arenas)
If you're one of the people who's written with that slant on this
thread and is going "but"... Trust me, you're both unimpressive and
non-competative on the insult-the-dennings front. As an example,
Peter had his face pasted over that of Hitler's in a poster that was
widely circulated on the GMU campus (that imfamous shot of Hitler
& Mussolini arm in arm, with Mr. M. being another prof.) by anonymous
types who were seeking (I guess ) to piss him
off in reply to some of his more extreme academic political positions.
If you want to accomplish something, I'd reccomend developing REAL-WORLD arguments to their facisim, and working on making THOSE
withering, rather than wasting time with _talentless_ insults.
Yes the Dennings are scary folks who would be right at home in
1941 Germany, but no, insults arn't going to even break wind in
their direction... You need to do _far_ better.
(with apoligies to attila, who all this was NOT directed at)
Tim Scanlon

@_date: 1996-12-01 15:38:48
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Phrack, where can i find it? 
ftp.fc.net /pub/phrack has all the back issues, as well as the
current ones.

@_date: 1996-12-02 00:52:25
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Dorthy Denning is a boot-licking fasicist!!! 
Well, you may find the following interesting... I'll stick this on
the web scanned someplace soon just to allay any sillieness about it being
fud. It may be a bit dated, but obviously is still relivant.

@_date: 1996-12-15 21:27:50
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Gov't Clarifes Position-Surprise! 
stewarts said:
Basicly everything. Presuming or believing there are things that are exempt
from these regulations is foolish. They're like a rude salesman with a foot
in the door, they are not used to being told "no", nor will they stop at a simple
"no". This is the important part.  US Law Enforcement, specificly the FBI, have a
serious desire to obliterate privacy. Reading of documents profiling what
they desire spans this, and the only "check" they speak of or envision
is that of a warrant or other legal means to do so. I say "other legal means"
because they'll probably start chipping away & narrowly interpreting the
privacy act as soon as they achieve this goal. As it stands, it's entirely too
easy for them to get basic search warrants, and I believe they want to do
a technology conversion on that to be able to engage in digital wiretapping
& searches. I think they believe computers, properly governed, can make their
jobs easier. In this case laziness is the root of all evil. The sick thing is the closest I can come to governmental analogues to what
they propose are organizations like the East German Stasi, Stalin's secret police,
and other similar police organizations who effectively utilize technology to curtail
liberty. In todays society, they don't have to make people "disappeared", but rather
to just do it to people's technology. The FBI does this now as things stand. Punitive
seizure of computers without indictments or charges are relatively commonplace. I
believe the whole situation is going to get worse as they continue to chip away at
crypto.  They certainly are NOT acting as protectors of liberty in the US in any way
with these proposals.
Clipper 3.11 shares all the same goals, and in fact, as time has passed, while
they try to chip away at privacy, it has become even more apparent that the
goals they want are regressive in terms of what we in the US consider basic
freedoms, and that they're Orwellian and frightening when you think about the
long haul.  Expect a 'Clipper 95' if this subsides or gets shot down. These people
are in it for the long haul. Snooping has always been the lazy mans way to engage
in law enforcement, and is obviously the most comprehensive choice. Privacy is
very inconvenient to the "needs" (ever notice they never have 'wants'? and always
have some horrific example to dredge up, no matter how fluky or 1-in-a-million, to
justify what they "need"? Funny how that works out.) of law enforcement. Expect some form of cooperation with EC governments if this stuff goes through.
The recent posting to cypherpunks about the "radikal" raid in the Netherlands is
probably a good foreshadowing of this. If you have not seen the article, and want to,
I will be happy to remail it.
Tim Scanlon

@_date: 1996-11-30 22:55:00
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Punative Seizure was: Re: denial of service and ... 
I changed it, because I'm very familiar with what's being discussed.
I also snipped huge chunks, but tried to leave the salient stuff.
Yes, it was & is sealed, the justification being that the investigation was "ongoing". The whole thig was weak & shameless,
but it works for the feds. Never mind that it's total & utter bullshit.
Not really. Only technicly. The technique used by LEO's is one that is
known as "Punative Seizure", and is well known in the Computer Underground.
It's standard practice for LEO's to engage in seizure of computer equipment and just to keep it. Much of the time it is accompanied with
an explicit and literal threat of prosecution if the unindited suspect
asks for the equipment back. It's cheaper than prosecuting, easier to
accomplish, and often achives the goal of "taking the bad guy off the street" without resort to such niceties as having a case that would
hold the moisture of a drop of spit.
It is such common practice, that most hackers who have been around for
even short lengths of time are very familiar with the practice. In cases
involving juviniles, it's a very effective technique. In those specific
types of incidents the drill is as follows:
Suspect "H", a 15 year old male, living at home with his parents, does
something to bring him under suspicion that he is involved in computer
fraud. Incidents are ongoing and seem to point to the suspect, local
or federal agents become interested in the suspect due to information
provided by a C.I. So they go fishing, and seize his equipment.
Seizure is accompanied in concert with several other actions and goals,
One of which is to explore the contents of the computer for further
evidence of wrongdoing. Since aquiring search warrents for such actions
are notoriously broad and relativly easy to come by, this is an effective
technique. The seizure usualy is stratigicly done to minimize parental
involvment and possible protections, in order to give investigators time
alone with the juvinile suspect to question him without the intervention
of his guardians. Basicly they want Mom or Pop out of the picture long enough to pump the kid for info before the parents can insist on
legal counsel. Obviously they use whatever info they can get...
to be a rather talkative target and an easy mark for interrogatory
techniques. "We find they want to talk, and often brag about their
exploits" is such a well worn quote, that I'd have to attribute it
to about 7 sources if I tried... You can extrapolate on this.
The next stage is threats to the parents of the juvinile, usualy big
federal time, that sort of thing, to try to terroroize them into
insisting on little Johnny's co-operation. Usualy this is done without
the advice of counsel if the feds can pull it off. There's a tradition
of inflating numbers far beyond anything rational, so the "damages" are
insanely high, and markedly fictional to anyone who knows how to cost
such stuff out. It's in the favor of everyone involved to 'play ball'
on cost inflation, for a multitude of reasons. Again, you can extrapolate
why. The E911 case is a great example of fictional cost inflation.
At that point they have Johnny under the gun, the parents terrorized,
and can either work that for further co-operation, or let the kid
dangle for a few years & pretty much make sure he never sees a computer.
What can I say, it works for them. Don't expect them to care any,
they've accomplished their goals. Quite often, as I have said, they
will explicitly say "Don't ask for your stuff back or we'll charge you".
(And YES that is a direct quote given to me on more than one occasion
by people who've had such encounters.)
In the case of adult individuals, the setup is nearly the same, wether
it is a consultant running a small buisness, or a college student. The
only big differences are threats to reputation, either academicly, or
in the community at large. After all, once branded an 'evil hacker' by
the police or media, what company would do buisness with such a scoundrel. Never mind wether or not they have a thing to do with
computer security, that part's utterly irrelivant. In the case of
college students, usualy it's a threat of expusion & prosecution etc.
Obviously techniques vary. But one thing is clear, there's plenty
of "examples" that have been made to terrorize people. I'm sure
you can think of a few, and probably will sit there and go 'yea but
he deserved it...' Well, when you think that I suggest very strongly that
you rethink it, and consider that perhaps you don't have all, or even
any, facts that have not been spun and spoon fed to you.  The nuber of such punative seizures that I am aware of runs into
the hundreds.
Bleak? heh, get used to it. Hell, this is so damned common that
it's made it into comic books as a normal operative procedure.
Look in "The Hacker Files" to find it. It's a comic book put out
in 1993 by D.C. Comics, and in the Jan issue, Vol 6, Page 14-15
you can see  exactly what I'm referencing. Obviously this is not
something new.
This is why the guidelines that were procured via FOIA by EPIC are
so important. Hell, look at the 2600 pentagon-city case for some
real chilling stuff. The Secret Service mounted what amounts to a
covert operation against attendee's at a 2600 meeting at a mall
in Northern Virginia. In any case, the search guidelines are pretty important, so is
the Steve Jackson Games case when it comes to ISP/Web Site providers
and the like. As is the ECPA, as it relates to individuals and service providers. There is substantive law on this stuff, you just
have to dig a bit to find it. Some of these "high profile examples" didn't work out too damned well cause of organizations like the EFF
& later on EPIC and the ACLU. Pardon me if I don't seem alarmed or appropriatly indignant, but I've
long since gotten used to getting calls as 4 am from some poor fucking
kid who's had his life ripped to shreds because he was doing something
relativly innocuous but altogether stupid and disruprive enough to
have him attract attention. Much less having similar calls from peoples
counsels who have no freaking clue how to proceed in defending their
clients. As for this type of activity from LEO's? Get used to it, this is how
it's done in America. I'm totaly sure that there's going to soon be
some poor freaking ISP out there who's going to be hit with very similar techniques, and in all probability prosecuted to provide
an example or 2. They need a few good examples for ISP's really,
there arn't enough right now. And, I am equaly sure that there's been
some quiet seizures & returns with deals involving "co-operation" of ISP's for warez and the like. I sure as hell have a very hard time beliving that Sameer and everyone
else who got hit with him by the SPA and their fucking goons were unique. I suspect they were to be an "example" however, as the SPA
has a traditional role of both being stooges & goons for Federal Law
Enforcment, and an appropriately one-step-removed publicity outlet. The SPA is much like what "railroad security" was in the 1800's,
basicly a private police force that operates allmost outside the law.
As to what anyone can do? Well not much, from what I've seen. It's
just not trendy to defend individual civil liberties, the EFF tossed
in the towel in favor of Telco donations. EPIC is doing a good job
with the resources they have, they could use some serious donations,
and it would be money well spent. Beyond that you have the ACLU, and
that's pretty much it. Too many software and hardware corporations
lost any moral compass at the end of the 80's and in the early 90's,
and don't consider such things to be a neccesary part of their world.
It's hard to compete with guys in black suits who wave the flag allot
and mutter about secrecy and such things. They're the same damned
bunch that want us all to have GAK too, so don't think you're somehow
immune cause you arn't a "hacker". You may soon be a "pirate cryptographer", and find yourself in the company of child
pornographers and terrorists. (What? Oh you've noticed you allready ARE?,
well, get used to it, it's only gonna get louder. First they came for
the hackers, now it's your turn.)
