
@_date: 1995-07-12 23:57:19
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: something to scare the *piss* out of ya 
If this story is true, and can be substantiated, why the hell wern't
the cops involved prosecuted, or walked out to a wall
and summarily shot for crimes against humanity.
The last time I checked torture and dismemberment were
war crimes, and intolerable behavior in civilized nations.
If it *IS* true there goddamn well should be congressional
hearings on it. I would suggest contacting any of the
local news media in DC, but would reccommend the
local ABC affiliate, WJLA for contact since they are in the
midst of tearing the ATF a new asshole (and are going to do
the same to the FBI tomorrow night from what they say) over
the Waco raid.
The ABC affiliate here has caused new Senate hearings apparently,
it seems that the longer things go on, the more nastiness is dragged
out on this.
If this bit wasn't true, then it's despicable propaganda, and anyone
involved with it's distribution should be ashamed of themselves.
I do not believe liberty and democracy can easily survive if citizens
or public servants lie. True strength lives in honest discourse and
the actions of reasoned men, acting in a thoughtful and honest
It's damned easy to run around splattering the net with nasty
scare stories about the evils of LEO's, but it takes a bit
more to actually do something. I'd say with stuff like this
the best course would be to put up, and contact your elected
offcials, or shut up. Becasue if it is true, no decent person
should tolerate it. And if it isn't, damn the persons who lie
for obscuring the truth.
Tim Scanlon
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-07-13 03:24:31
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Don't trust the net too much  (or at all) 
There's no need to use bombs, guns, any of that nastiness.
As somone pointed to here allready, it's far easier and
safer to use technical means.
Unfortunatly for far too many ISP's, saying security is like
speaking words in an alien tounge. They just don't get it,
and even if they do, they don't want to spend the money on
it, or worse yet, (and more commonly lately) allocate some
poor sod who becomes the overnight expert on it, which is worse
than admitting that it's not a high priority.
Basicly, it amounts to hack 'em and drop 'em.
What is to prevent the [hostiles] from trying to develop
code to secretly monitor machines at ISP's and other
places? And then just take them out whenever they want...
Nothing I belive.
Except perhaps the security offered by decent & avalible
Tim Scanlon
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-07-13 03:34:24
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Speedup of bruterc4.c 
Has anyone paralellized this code? I'm interested in running it
on a paragon. Email me if you have or if you think this is worth
bothering with.

@_date: 1995-07-13 03:50:05
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: RACIST MILITIA: ATF 
I can confirm this, and a story was broadcast on the local
ABC news affiliate (WJLA) that talked about this and Waco
some. Congressional hearings by the senate have been sceduled
as a result. I saw vidiotape of the signs referenced in the
article posted to the list. I did not see T-Shirts, but I
did see a whole lot of 'confederate flags' as well as allot
of serious drinking and hell raising by burly dudes who
looked like they'd be more comfortable in body armor.
Tim Scanlon
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-08-31 01:28:00
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: C2.ORG REMAILER 
Sorry for my last empty message, it's late & i confuse
the "deliver" icon with the "mail format" icon (I was
attempting to change the type from NeXTmail to plain text)
I don't see why an anonymous remailer can't be set up in
some country with an inet connection, but with little
respect for idiocy originating from other countries
& in particular the US.
Allot of that issue is treaty dependent and that's probably what
people should look at. I like what people are doing well
enough, don't get me wrong. But the vulnerability exists via
co-operative law enforcment arrangments & legal venue operations.
That's the stuff of treaty's. I think probably an appropriate
place could be found & arranged with some effort at this point.
Hell there's GOT to be some countries out there that would have
little respect for the antics of the Church 'o Bucks who'd be
intrested in it.
Stick the database on an encrypted partition, and arrange a
a two party setup on the keys & administration and it'd make
them a damn bit harder to retrieve anyhow... "I'd comply,
but I don't have the keys, and the keyholder is refusing
contact. And NO I don't know his 'True Name' and can't find him."
That'd make things a tad rough, and isn't illigal anyplace
that I'm aware of.
Call it "Apllied Stenography" (Sorry about the pun, but I couldn't
resist it :>
Tim Scanlon
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-09-13 22:17:21
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Whitehouse "dissident" web site monitoring? 
I know a few folks at eop, and I can tell you that
it's a tad bigger setup that a few boxes in bill's
private office.
This is the "office" of the executive, not "the executive office".
There's a good amount of people who work there. Most of them
are good folks too. They are not power hungry nuts, they are not
bad clones of "The Monroes", they are not weirdos like "Cancer Man"
out of the X-Files, in fact, in many cases they are just real normal
people who belive in trying to do something for their fellow citizens.
They don't *do* partisan politics, and in fact, partisan politics
are the greatest source of fear for their job security.
I've watched allot of *good* people, by ANYONES standards,
leave their jobs in the government lately due to the lack of
support they have gotten from the congress & the executive branch,
and I know how bad morale is in places where everyone would
be better served if people didn't have to worry about how
to feed the kids next month.
Don't get me wrong, I don't agree with allot of *political*
stuff that's going on at all. But the idea of some poor sod
worrying about his job becasue he decided to check out a
web site with "controversial" material is enough to make
me vomit.
Attributing a conspiracy to this is just plain and simple
ignorance. Any agency worth much wouldn't "monitor" from
a site with a big 'ol .gov at the end of the IP. THEY arn't
that stupid, but apperently the whackos in the woodpile
think that people would be that dumb.
Personaly I'd be flattered if some gov site were looking at
"dissident" material I put up, if I chose to do that, God knows
it might actually mean my elected representatives were listening,
or at least their staff might be.
I swear, Clinton "scandals" make me nostalgic for the 'ol
republican days when we had REAL scandals like Watergate
& Iran-Contra... All this Foster crap & black helicopters
just strikes me as goofy, and in some cases ignorantly
obnoxious. I guess this is what happens when the trailer park
crowd get's on the net...
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-09-19 17:37:33
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: ftp://www.brooks.af.mil/pub/unix/utils/des.tar 
I can second that notion. There are a good many people
in all sorts of sectors of the government who can easily
be brought to frothing over Mr. Freeh & his pals at the NSA's
position on weak security systems. They like weakness, and
anyone with two brain cells to rub together who's interested
in good security rather rapidly end up coming to the
conclusion that the FBI and the NSA aren't doing them any
real favors.
Basicly IMHO, Tim May called it right when he said they're more
interested in snooping than securing. I've belived that
for a long, long time now. It still manages to annoy me
seriously whenever I think about it.
The vulnerabilities that most military systems suffer from
are both staggering and frightening, and it is criminal
that the NSA has so seriously abrogated it's security
role in the public and private sectors. I personaly belive
it's going to take a rather massive info-terrorist
attack before the control-freak crowd that's driving
weak security takes a back seat. Worms from Lybian
programmers anyone?
Strong cryptographic systems are an integral part of
strong security systems. The recent netscape crack
shows why you can't have one without the other pretty
If good security means cedeing some percived control
over your populace, you should probably be examining
wether your populace wanted your to control them in
the first place it seems to me.
Unfortunalty the anti-security crowd is firmly in control
of the organs of the government, and does a damn good job
spreading it's propaganda to dupes in the press. Stuff
like the recent kneejerk "CyberPorn" crap and governmental
actions & reactions in that area towards limiting civil
liberties and security technology are great examples of it.
Meanwhile, I think the US is starting to slip behind the
curve in software technology for encryption & the like...
This will probably prove intresting in the future, especialy
if the CPU tossed at key escrow & the like turns up more
Tim Scanlon
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-09-26 07:45:11
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Hack Microsoft? 
It should be possible to FOIA the evaluation that
led to the C2 status on this. That would be one good
avenue to start looking at it.
At the end of the process there should be a document
that shows how the OS meets each of the C2 requirments
and what aspects of the software were considered as
Things like the state the OS was running under at the
time, (network vs. non-network etc.) are important
considerations in evaluations.
And I would not be too surprised at all if the "C2"
designation was relativly bogus. This sort of thing
can get much like the anti-crypto crowds arguments.
Highly political with little basis in rationality.
Since I've seen stuff like a ported version of Unix's
"ps" utility, and know NT runs a microkernel, I can think
of a hell of allot of ways it'd be possible to fail
it right out of the box... Considering that it has the
cpacity to do all sorts of network stuff, including FTP
& the like, I wonder how the hell they passed any audit
requirements. Probably a "Well it runs in a single user model,
we don't need to have strong audit requirments".
My point basicly being that I would consider the C2 designation
for this to be broken coming out of the box unless I saw
proof that it was otherwise. To operate it in a C2 required
environment without consideration of how & under what
conditions the rating was achived would be criminaly
Tim Scanlon
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-09-26 08:09:51
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Insecurity in WWW oriented security 
I wanted to share an experience with folks on the list
that points to the relavince of what c'punks have been
doing looking at the Web encryption & security issues
like we have.
I was approached by a headhunter yesterday who wanted me
to do the security for a hospital connected to the net.
Straightforward stuff one would think. My inital reaction
was fairly positive, and I responded that I didn't think
I would have much trouble with the task as long as they had
a resonable setup internaly etc. etc. (I'm not a big beliver
in hard & crunchy -> soft & chewey when your accounting or
other critical data is part of what can be chewed up...)
Well at that point it got interesting. He told me that said
client was asking as a part of their requirments that they
be able to do "Secure transactions using HTML & Netscape".
My reaction was somwehere allong the lines of "What do they
mean by `secure transactions'!! Are they aware that the state of
encryption for WWW is really poor at best right now? I told him
that I thought this might not be such a hot idea, and that
my interest in this whole thing would hinge totaly upon exactly
what sorts of transactions they wanted to do using web servers
and the like. And that depending on the answer to that, I would
or would not be intrested in the whole thing.
The reason for my hesitation? I don't want blood on my hands over
a setup that is by definition currently in a state of very poor
security. And right now I have no idea if they want to transfer
MasterCard's or MRI's. But I do know that depending on what it
is they're planning, it might not be a place *I* want to be.
Besides being damned frightening, this points to a trend in
network evolution. Organizations are planning these sorts of
moves and utilizations of the technology with little thought
to the possible consequences of it.
And if the FBI ends up busting some psyco in the future for
tampering with the transactions of MRI data, x-rays, or any
of a million other possibilities, I seriously doubt that
Loius Freeh will be stepping forward to remind us all of
the need for robust security. Instead, it is far more likely
that he would argue that it was another example of the need
for increased monitoring of the internet and controls on
cryptographic solutions.
I found aspects of the whole conversation, juxtaposed with
what has been going on lately with the list chilling to
say the least.
Tim Scanlon
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-11-01 03:21:41
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Four Horsemen (was Re: PA Remailer Concerns) 
Sorry I'm late to the gate on this one, but from what
I have read on the traffic concerning this law (I've been
out of town a good bit lately, so I am playing catch-up)
there's been a few aspects of this odious law that have
been overlooked.
What struck me in a most glaring manner are the constitutional
issues surrounding this law. Specificly, aside from the remailer
aspects of the law, they attempt to enact prior restraint on
the publication of plans for electronic devices & the like.
The aspects of the law that cover publication do not look
as if they can pass constitutional muster. Especaily considering
the supreme court here has recently ruled that it is permissible
to publish unsigned political handbills and the like. Much like
what the output of an anonymous remailer produces after all.
Some of the issues they attempt to address in this law, are
done so poorly, and with such ignorance of legal precedent and
basic constitutional reference that I find it utterly amazing
that the govenor would sign it, and that it would have been
forwarded to him in the form they enacted.
I do not think that the law is capable of surviving any sort of
legal test based on much of what they've inserted. But I guess
that's for the courts to decide.
In any case, considering it's halloween, I would count the
Pensilvania Govenor lucky if Ben Franklin doesn't rise
from his grave and come strangle the bastard in his bed.
As it is, I'm sure old Ben could probably be used as a good
gyroscope with all the spinning in his grave that must be
going on. Pennsilvania the cradle of liberty? Hah, it looks
more like the cradle of repression to me. They sold liberty
and their souls in a devils bargain for an illusory peace of
mind with this one.
Tim Scanlon
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
George Mason University     (PGP key avail.)  Public Affairs
I speak for myself, but often claim demonic possession

@_date: 1995-12-31 03:58:09
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Massey, CEO of Compuserve, on Internet 
you said:
How this could ever be construed as "the high road" is beyond me.
Censorship and fascism tend to go hand in hand, I suppose it should
be no surprise to see this coming from de-dom.
Can we just start calling them CompuCensor instead of Compuserve?
tfs (NeXTmail, MIME)  Tim Scanlon
tfs                (PGP key aval.)  crypto is good
Digital Encryption Systems Inc.             I own my own words

@_date: 1996-04-02 21:39:49
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: New release of SFS available 
Remind me not to use this junk. Ever. In the USA we still have a right to privacy. I don't give a damn about
the "needs of law enforcement" simply becasue the perception of their
needs has grown beyond the reality of what they actualy "need". If left
up to many of the worlds LEO's, there would be taps on all phones and
cameras on every corner. Their jobs would be easy, and that's what
they want.
The desires of law enforcment organizations are fundementaly at odds
with a free populace and the actualization of liberty in the practice
of law. Software like what has been described above serves only as
an example of that in my mind.
Tim Scanlon

@_date: 1996-04-02 19:13:45
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: New release of SFS available 
This is what happens when your link is down for 4 days and you
try to get through c'punks back-mail at a fast pace, thinking
that the stuff you're looking at is 3-4 days old.
On the other hand, everyone in my family uses email, and my sister
(the english major in the bunch) has asked about stuff like using pgp
to send intimate mail to her boyfriend. And one of my brothers,
(the cattle farmer) has asked 'if there's an easy way that I can mail
some financial stuff without worrying about people reading it. Like
useing that codes stuff you talk about'.
They both just like privacy. Even my mom has said things like "go watch TV or something while I'm doing my mail". So the mother & sister part didn't really raise any flags. I've gotten
over the culture shock of everyone (and their mother) wanting to be
on the 'net awhile back. Course looking back at it I'm going "waitaminute"
In any case I'm sitting here laughing about it. Being taken in now and
then by a good joke is an ok thing. It's going to force me to plot
something devious for next April fools day. ;)

@_date: 1996-10-11 04:45:53
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: "Forward Privacy" for ISPs and Customers 
by way of Timothy C. May:
The storage is sold as a separate service. If you look at ISP adverts,
some offer this, some don't. The legal standing is a bit murky for
data storage as far as I can tell. Some privacy act stuff comes into
play, but I'm curious how similar it is to a "U-Store" type of
rent-a-storage room. 24 hour hot backup facilities & their legal
standing as far as property rights etc. would probably be the best
example I can think of to parallel this to ISP storage.
No, they couldn't by definition. Becasue unless otherwise ordered by
the courts to keep your conversations, those conversations are considered
to be not the phone companies property, private, and proprietary to you.
They would be breaking the law if they kept them, because by definiton,
they are your property. The fone corps only own & have rights to the
transport medium, not the content.
Some of the privacy laws explicitly preclude this sort of behavior in
fact. There is such a thing as too much "knowledge" of a customer.
No, we don't have to make it easy for them. They shouldn't want it to
be easy. This notion that Escrow is a good thing becasue of pornographers, terrorists, and criminals is just so much bullshit and
we all know it. It's not an accident that the refrain bears such a
resemblance to Dorthy's (not Denning, but she could play the witch, but
rather the Wizard of OZ) mythical "lions and tigers and bears, oh my".
Dorthy's feared lions and tigers and bears never materialized, and neither
will the ones that Governments allude to.
The notion that it's in my best/greater interest for me to give up *MY*
privacy so that some LEO's job is made easier is just plain stupid,
broken and wrong. My job is not to make their job easier. Their job is
not easy, nor should it ever be in free societies. If they don't like
it, they can go make donuts for a living. But I'm not going to help
them try and redefine things to give them more time to play golf.
That aside, they're deluding themselves. As long as there are
CryptoAnarchists and people willing to create the ability for
common people to maintain (notice I said maintain) privacy in
their lives, they won't win. They can't unless they want to sacrifice
freedom and become totolitarians. Key Escrow is bullshit. It's a bad concept, a bad idea, and mainly
satisfies the control needs of a bunch of prune faced uptight stressed
out & paranoid spooks. No one ~needs~ any form of publicly used
key escrow (corps may want it for private internal use, but that's private)
And I'll be damned if I'll ever use it. -Give no ground.
Tim Scanlon

@_date: 1996-10-12 13:35:39
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: LET'S s/MEET/SHOOT DIMITRI 
Well, I don't think he much cares what enyone thinks. If he did,
he wouldn't be spewing childish obscene SPAM about Tim May non-stop. I've never seen someone engage in such a singlehanded
& through devastation of their own credibility as Dimitri has
to his own.
To say the least the SPAM coming to the list from him is
totaly innapropriate. Hell, the periodic junk-spam-mail I get
to 'make money fast' is less obnoxious.
In any case I wish he'd fall off a pier, he certainly isn't much
of a cypherpunk in my rather liberal interpretation of what it takes.
I applaude any efforts to get him to shut up, and/or go away. Hopefully something productive will happen, that would be a real
win/win, like he get's hired by the FBI, get's off this list,
and he causes counter-productivity there, as well as is gone from

@_date: 1996-10-15 15:05:28
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: Fuck Cyberpromo 
Not that I would do it, but SYN flooding could very well provide
an adequate solution to Mr. Wallace.

@_date: 1996-10-15 23:21:41
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Fuck Cyberpromo 
SYN flods do nothing to stop *outgoing* connections, BTW, so this
would not directly stop spamming. It wouldn't be that hard to set up a
bunch of mail reception sites seperate from the targeted site, then
read mail/orders from them.
"standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole

@_date: 1996-10-19 23:28:44
@_author: Tim Scanlon 
@_subject: Re: [PGP] Re: FYI - Biham/Shamir Differential Fault Analysis of DES, etc. 
This is obviously just more of dimitri's bullshit. The only thing that should have been taken seriously about the
post is that it illustrated well why he has no fucking place
on this list. You can't argue with mean spirited stupidity,
and I wouldn't even try if I were you, it's a waste of packets,
much like dimitri's presence on the net.
Tim Scanlon
