
@_date: 1997-07-29 16:44:41
@_author: Craig Strickland 
@_subject: Re: Not a Logic-Newbie / Re: Queries from a Cyper-newbie? 
Unfortunately, you're doing exactly what the "servants" want you to.  You're falling for their [believable] lie that they "need" to diminish your rights in order to do their job in fighting crime.  This is a difficult issue to oppose, since it leads directly to the accusation "if you oppose the government's need to have the keys to your house, then you must support crime".  But, it makes you more manageable to the "servants" as they ever so slowly encroach on your rights until there's pitifully little remaining.
It's too easy to look at each "minor inconvenience" as the incremental and cumulative erosion takes place and say "what could the harm be in that?"  Perhaps very little, but it's the end result that's important.
It's important to recognize that the crime-fighters are violating the laws that were put into place to protect the citizens from the government.  A trivial example is the "seizure laws" that have become popular recently in "cracking down on the drug problem".
Please note carefully that the Constitution specifically prohibits the seizure of property without due process.  The current "anti-drug" seizure laws have eliminated due process and are therefore, by definition, in direct violation of the Constitution.  They are unconstitutional, and (if the Judicial branch weren't also corrupted) would be struck down instantly upon the first attempt to enforce through the Courts.
Please next note carefully that each office-holder in this country swears an oath to uphold the Constitution, and note also that an attempt to violate or destroy the Constitution is defined as an act of treason.
Thus, the introduction, vote "aye" for, passing, and enforcing such "laws" are each acts of treason.
How far can you trust the law-makers and law-enforcers when THEY THEMSELVES are law-breakers?  It's not even inadvertent or accidental.  Those who draft bills to introduce such legislation are directly intending to "bypass" or "circumvent" the Constitution.  Translated from "servant speak", that means "oppose" the Constitution.
Another point not to miss is that the "seizure laws" created a potent and immediate conflict of interest.  Those that you trust to "protect and serve" you now have a strong financial incentive to abuse the seizure laws, since the "loot" goes directly to fill up departmental coffers.  Here in Florida, seizures of boats and aircraft are so common that they aren't mentioned on the news nor in the paper.  Small businesses are ruined as millions of dollars of capital equipment is seized by the very officers that are rewarded [promotions, bonuses, budget increases next year] for their actions.  We've seen many cases that were completely groundless, but no judge ever sees the [lack of] evidence.  The owners are almost never charged with any crime.  The "goods" are simply taken, and the officers walk away.  The end.
The voting public loves it because it's made the law enforcement tax burden lighter, and anything that cuts costs is acceptable, especially since "the only people being hurt are those evil drug lords".  Tell that to the pilot & owner of an airplane seized due to a single marijuana cigarette butt found in his cargo hold.  He wasn't charged, and there were more than 40 people that had access to his plane, including baggage handlers and maintenance crews.  If there had been a Constitutionally-mandated trial, the evidence wouldn't have the slightest chance of reaching a conviction.  No drug history whatsoever, accurate FAA records and customer invoices, nothing.  No link between the pilot and the butt.  But, the illegal law "authorizes" the police to line their departmental pockets, while the aircraft loan is foreclosed and he's out of business.  A stupid result [from the government's point of view] since he's no longer going to be paying the taxes on the revenue his business generated, and his unemployed former employees don't pay theirs.
Just the kind of abuse that was envisioned when the Constitution was being drafted.  Privacy is one of the fundamental links in the ability of citizens to protect themselves from a government that becomes too powerful and too Absolutely!  Very well put.
The "servants" would have you believe that the Federal Government "created" the rights that you have [what's left of them, anyway].  Moreover, that those rights are equally subject to suspension/revocation at the government's whim.  Rather like when a parent "grounds" their child.  Don't fall for it.

@_date: 1997-07-29 16:51:38
@_author: Craig Strickland 
@_subject: Re: New Crypto Application 
This triggered a thought that may have already been discussed, but I thought I'd throw it out anyway.  Since the export of cryptography = munitions, what happens if I write an application that's the "shell", and contract with a national and resident of a foreign country to write the crypto module.  I do not export the crypto technology other than sending them a printed book (which Phil Karn's filing determined was exportable as a non-munition).
I then retail the software as a 2-component system (distantly like PGP 2.6.3i could have been) on the web.  FTP the "shell" from my domestic site, and FTP the "crypto" from the foreign site.  Both install to make the seamless finished product.
Anyone seen anything in ITAR addressing such a hiring arrangement?
I'm not planning it, just spewing hypotheticals that tickle my curiosity.
