
@_date: 1995-09-04 15:43:30
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Encrypted desktop videoconferencing 
A friend of mine works for a large input-device company, and they are looking
to get into the desktop videoconferencing business.  Their current business is extremely competitive on price, and they'd like to do something in
desktop videoconferencing that would distinguish them from everybody else.
Naturally, I suggested cryptography.
I have always thought that the biggest problem introducing crypto to
phone conversations was the large amount of cpu speed and software complexity
to digitize the audio; that adding the crypto code is relatively minor.
Certainly RC4 and IDEA for instance, run very fast.  In videoconferencing
applications, this audio compression is already being done, so adding
the crypto should be almost free.
Well, except for licensing costs.  I'd really like to use Diffie-Hellman
to negotiate a key.  Does anyone know how much it would cost to license
that from PKP?  I'd expect that there would be a one time fee, plus
a per-copy-sold fee.
Does anybody know - and if so, can they say - if anybody else has added
or is adding cryptography to their videoconferencing systems?  It seems
like such a killer ap that I must be overlooking something.

@_date: 1995-09-10 07:52:10
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: RSA lcensing costs? 
Adam, I called RSA last week to get information on licensing Diffie-Hellmann
for an videoconferencing application.  They said that "They provide
the BSAFE development toolkit, but don't license the technology" and
gave me the number of PKP to license the technology itself.  I called
a Mr. Fougmer at PKP, (408 735-5893), his message says that he'll be
out of town until the 18th of September, and if you want to leave a
message, call back after that date.
Now, I could be completely confused, it wouldn't be the first (or
even the 100th) time.  If you can get a standard license by using
the BSAFE toolkit, and they had a standard price for that, well,
I didn't give Linda De Los Reyes at RSA (415 595-8782) a chance
to tell me that.

@_date: 1995-09-10 08:12:45
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: 64 bit crypto 
Say that we wanted to use 80 bit RC4 for our crypto application, but we were
only allowed to use 64 bit crypto because we lived in some police state that
enforced its wishes.   Couldn't we modify RC4 easily to provide the same
security against brute-force attacks by just running the key-setup phase
65536 times instead of just once?  That would slow down the key-setup (on
my machine) from 50,000 per second to just over 1 second, but so what?  It
takes ATT more than 1 second to set up a long distance call, I can wait
another second to start the conversation.
If our breaking of 40 bit RC4 was a one, then this 64 bit RC4-modified would
be a 109,951,162,776, well beyond possibilities that I can imagine.  You might
say that you could save all 2^64 key tables, but that is a huge amount of data,
millions of terabyte-capacity tapes.
In the GAK proceedings, I have never heard of any limitation on the algorithm,
just that it be public and 64 bits or less.  And, of course, have GAK.  Of
course, it wouldn't surprise me for this kind of technical fix to be
immediately outlawed by the aforementioned police state.

@_date: 1995-09-10 19:02:06
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: 64 bit crypto 
John A. Limpert says:
I could have been more clear.
Forgive a little bit of code...
Here is the beginning of the alleged RC4:
        index2 = 0;
        key->x = key->y = index1 = index2 = 0;
        for(counter = 0; counter < 256; counter++)
        {
                index2 = (key_data_ptr[index1] + state[counter] + index2) % 256;
                swap_byte(&state[counter], &state[index2]);
                index1 = (index1 + 1) % key_data_len;
        }
If it was changed to
                    state[counter] = counter;
        key->x = key->y = index1 = index2 = 0;
Then the prepare_key routine would take much much longer.
The idea is that a 64 bit crypto routine can be arbitrarily
secure against brute-forcing, if you are willing to pay a
runtime penalty every time you use it.

@_date: 1995-09-19 15:00:48
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: Cylink 
This was reported in the San Jose Mercury News today,
as well.  They reported that Cylink licenses the patents
for $50,000.  I'm assuming that the main patent in question
is the Diffie-Hellmann patent (only 1 year and 7 months to
DH Freedom Day!).  Since PKP (and Bidzos, now president of
RSA) always said that DH covered all public key encryption,
it would seem that any RSA licensee would also need a license
from Cylink.
The Merc article said that RSA's and Cylink's interpretation
of the arbitrators' ruling were completely opposite.  I haven't
seen a copy of the ruling.  The Merc says that "Outside observers
tend to take RSA's view of things."
I'm stunned that an arbitrator could make a uniterpretable ruling
on something so cut and dried, but then, IANAL.
I've called both PKP and RSA, I haven't been able to talk to anybody
about it yet.

@_date: 1995-09-20 09:44:11
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: No Subject 
I talked to somebody from RSA yesterday, and she said that they
issued a press release yesterday that she expected to see in the
papers today (I didn't see it) and would be on their web site
"soon" that would explain their position.  They say that the
arbitration agreemment maintains the status quo pretty much,
and while it doesn't limit what RSA can do, it severly limits
what Cylink can do.
I think that what RSA needs to do is hire Cylink's PR agency...

@_date: 1995-09-20 23:52:44
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: Patents and trade secrets was: Encryption algorithms used in PrivaSoft 
At this point, in this country, a patent is secret until it is issued.
It is interesting to note that the process of issuing a patent can
take an indefinite period, and to some extent it is in the control of
the person seeking the patent.  The typical slimy thing to do is
to file for a patent, and keep it a trade secret too.   Delay the
issuance until somebody discovers your secret, then allow the patent
to be issued.  This is called a "submarine" patent.  It allows
the best of both worlds, and extends the patent as far in to the
future as possible (17 years from issue date, in this country,
regardless of filing date).
You can delay the patent's issuance by continuing to file amendments
to it.  Gilbert Hyatt's recent patent on microprocessors is the
classic example.
Now, this is all expected to change, to become more harmonious
with the rest of the world.  The changes that I've heard are
1) Go to first-to-file instead of first-to-invent
2) Life is 20 years from filing date, instead of 17 years from issue date
3) Publicize patents some fixed time from filing date, say 1 year
As you can imagine there are armies of lawyers on both sides of the
issue, so I don't think that you'll see any changes in the law any
time soon, but you never know.

@_date: 1995-11-07 01:56:41
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: lp ? 
So, if this person was sending cryptographics codes from Switzerland
to Israel, the code would have been imported to the US, then exported
by UUNET.  They can't do that, can they?  Probably nobody would prosecute,
but it might be something to threaten UUNET with if one of their Northern
Virginia neighbors ever wanted something the couldn't get otherwise.

@_date: 1995-11-28 12:31:23
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: Directed Hamiltonian Path Problem 
Secret sharing can be done by Hamiltonian paths.  No public key code has been
found to take advantage of those, or any other NP complete problem, so far as
I know.  DNA computing really doesn't solve the Hamiltonian graph problem, it
just makes the biggest one that you can solve a little bit bigger.  500 point
graphs remain insoluble (pun unitended) for earth-sized vats of DNA.

@_date: 1995-11-30 23:01:10
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Internet gambling 
My favorite numbers game is "fixed".  Choose a number from 1 to 1000.
The least chosen number is the winner, and it pays off 1000:1.  This
least chosen number would have to be published in some non-repudiatable
way, but that's not too hard.  The fun thing is that you get to play with
the minds of all the other players...when would be the first time that
the same number was the winner two days in a row?  Or how many times
with 666 be the winning number?  Or whatever.  Bet all numbers, and it's
a wash.

@_date: 1995-12-18 17:03:03
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: What ever happened to... Cray Comp/NSA co-development 
"Anitro" speculated about the fate and capabilities of the
CCC PIM (processor-in-memory) machine.  A friend of mine was
working on it, and it would have been a screaming machine, no
doubt about it.  He said that the Cray mostly acted like a
really fast network for the processor chips.  As "Anitro"
said, the PIM chips were made by a dedicated NSA company,
Supercomputer Research Center, in Bowie MD.
But, it was nowhere near finished when the company finally went
down, and the team was completely disbanded.  My friend was talking
about going to the auction when the parts of the various machines
were going to be sold, I don't know if he did so.  He suspected that
the various pieces would end up going back east to the Fort
Meade area.  Still, it is such an odd machine that you would
probably have to transfer the staff to finish it, and that didn't
In any case, while it was fast (1/2 million 1-bit processors,
perhaps as low as 1 nanosecond (1 GHz) cycle time), it was not fast
enough to brute force reasonably strong ciphers.  It's really no joke
that it would take a computer with picosecond clocks the size of the earth
more than the age of the universe to brute force IDEA, for instance.
It would have made a great DES cracker, though; my back-of-the-envelope
calculation has it cracking one key every .75 days on the average.

@_date: 1996-01-01 09:23:16
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: Is this as insecure... (really "Fax crypto") 
Shamir did a talk on fax crypto in May, 1994.  There is no reason that this
can't be completely secure, the overlays could be one-time pads.   Bill
Sommerfeld posted a description of the technique to the list after he went
to a presentation on the technique, I'll forward it to anybody that needs
a copy.
Using the same overlay multiple times, though, would make it completely
insecure.  I can't believe that they are recommending that that could
be a possibility.

@_date: 1995-12-04 16:13:01
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Netscape and Jim Clark 
Jim must have done something wrong today, he only made $120,000,000...

@_date: 1995-12-05 21:59:51
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: NIST GAK export meeting, short version 
David Lesher  said:
I thought that this would happen, immediately on reading that there was
going to be this meeting.  From Pat and John Young's reports on the previous
meeting, it was almost a revolt; almost everyone in attendence thought that
the proposals were completely wrongheaded.  Yet, it was announced that
this meeting would be happening.  Very quickly an new set of criteria were
announced that made it clear that the input from the last meeting was
completely, systematically, and with no apology whatsoever, ignored.
All the intelligent complaints from intelligent people that cared and thought
a lot about the issue could just have well not have been said.
So, why go to the next meeting?  Many people have apparently decided not to.
Nothing can demoralize somebody more than making good points, telling
arguments, that are then ignored.  I would have thought at this meeting
there would have been a majority of pro-GAK people, to affirm the mandate
that was being presented.  Apparently this did not happen, although I'm
desparately waiting for more reports from this meeting as to exactly what
did happen.
It's not completely true that the efforts of the previous meeting had no
effect, there was one: that the breakout meetings where the major shouting
took place were eliminated from this meeting.  I think that this was an
error on the Govt's part, it worked so well the last time.  I'm sure that
by the next meeting, or the one after that, or if necessary the one after
that, they will have finally come to the point where they can say that
there was unanimous enthusiastic acceptance of the GAK criteria, so why
not extend it to domestic use as well?
who is deeply grateful to the East-Coast group for showing up and making

@_date: 1995-12-06 13:24:11
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Roger Schlafly's court hearing today 
Roger Schlafly had a brief hearing this morning in Judge Williams
federal court on summary judgements with respect to the validity of
the various public key patents, and alleged anti-trust and unfair trade
practices.  Bob Wells and I were the only pro-tossing-the-patents out
people there, although sometimes-cypherpunk-meeting-attender Whit Diffie
was there as well.
The judge said right at the outset that he would not be making a decision
today, that he wanted guidance from Roger and the other sides lawyers about
the relevant issues, to help him wade through the tremendous amounts of
documentation provided.  I suppose that this could be expected, but the
issues here seemed to me, at least, to be relatively clear-cut.
There were basically four issues to be discussed, the Diffie-Hellman,
Hellman-Merkle, and RSA patents, and these unfair trade practices.
The judge had only allocated an hour for this discussion, and then
showed up 20 minutes late, which proved inadequate.  Still, I thought
that everyone was remarkably clear and concise with their answers, and
the judge asked reasonable questions.
First discussed were the unfair trade practices, where the lawyer for
what used to be PKP dragged in a lot of dirty laundry from the past,
describing why Roger got interested in this in the first place.
I don't understand what the complaint here was, the PKP lawyer said
that since Roger didn't have a product, what was he complaining about,
anyway?  It seemed like an odd defense to me, but again, I don't know
exactly what Roger's complaint was.  Roger agreed with the judge that
yes, everything he wanted to say was in his submission.
Next discussed was the Diffie-Hellman patent.  Roger stated that he had
four clear instances where the an "enabling disclosure" was made about
Diffie-Hellman; three were presentations to large audiences, and one
was a pre-print of the famous "New Directions in Cryptography" paper.
Roger actually had the viewgraphs that Diffie used in his presentations.
These disclosures were all made more than 1 year before the patent was
filed, which is the limit in the US.  The lawyer from CalCan (something
like that) handled this one.  He said that the law specifically mentioned
publication, and that none of these was a publication.  I'm not sure
what the law says, and Roger disputed the claim that that is what the
law says.  Disappointingly to me, it appears that neither Diffie or
Hellman have any recollection of when, to whom, or how many preprints
of the article were sent out.  It's terrible how the law seems to cloud
people's minds, isn't it?  What little I do know about patent law
tends to support Roger on this one, I think that it should be an open
and shut case, but we'll see.
Then we came to the Hellman-Merkle patent, which basically claims all
of public-key cryptography.  Roger's claim here was that the mechanism
described doesn't work, because knapsacks don't work, that is, the
invention is supposed to make generation of the decryption key infeasable,
by a very specific description of infeasability in the claims of the patent.
(10^30 arithmetic operation necessary)  Well, that's not true.
The same lawyer for the other side took this on two different ways:
1) that nobody knew that knapsacks were insecure at the time that the
   patent was filed, how could the patent be found invalid based on something
   that happened later
2) and some variations (dense, iterated knapsacks) might still be secure.
Roger presented an analogy.  Say someone was able to persuade the patent
office that a drug cured cancer, and so he was able to obtain a patent on
it.  Later, it was found that the drug killed everybody who took it.  Should
the patent be valid, if it really didn't do what it said that it would?
Roger could have gotten melodramatic, and said that bad cryptography could
really kill people, and has many times, but he didn't; as I said, everybody
was remarkably concise and to the point.
Even so, we were out of time here, not having discussed the RSA patent
or the Schnorr patent at all.  The judge said that he will call another
hearing if he feels that it is required.
I thought, in my incredible naivete, that it went really well for Roger,
although I didn't have time to hang around and ask him how he thought it
went.  I think that his arguements are good, and if the law is sensible
he will prevail.

@_date: 1996-01-14 00:48:43
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Fwd: Scrambled software gets an OK 
This was printed in the San Jose Mercury News this morning.  I'd have
just posted a pointer to it, except that it was in the "private" part of
their web pages...
Scrambled software gets an OK

@_date: 1996-01-24 13:48:34
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: Crippled Notes export encryption 
David Chaum is doing it, why can't Netscape?  I agree that it's
probably technically a violation.  I think that the real thing
that's stopping Netscape is the golden government handcuffs, they
don't want to piss off a big customer.

@_date: 1996-02-05 11:30:01
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: RC2 protected by copyright? 
RSA issued a statement claiming that anyone using RC2(TM) would be in
violation of various laws.  I think that they might have a point.
You can't protect an idea with trade secrets, certainly not a software
idea, if you intend to sell the software.  It is easy to reverse
engineer it; this is probably what happened with RC2.
But, what about copyright?   Now, copyrights cannot protect ideas, only
the expression of those ideas.  An algorithm is clearly an idea, you could
write a program that would implement it in a completely different way,
not just by translating it (translations are still protected by
copyright). RC2, though, as 256 bytes of seemingly random data at the head of it,
in a permutation table.  This is clearly not any idea, but a bit of
text.  This text would have to be copied to any interoperable RC2.
(You could surely use some different permutation, and probably most
of the 256! permutations would be equally secure, but would not
interoperate with RC2).  I would expect that this copying of text be
held to be a violation of copyright.
Some might argue that 256 bytes is so small that perhaps it couldn't
be copyrighted.  Copyright clearly can't protect use of a word, or
a short phrase (1000 points of light, say).  If the permutation table
at the beginning was 65536 16-bit numbers, instead of 256 bytes, then
the copyright protection be that much stronger and less open to debate.
Do any of the real lawyers on the list want to take a crack at this?
Has anybody heard any noise from RSA describing exactly how they
intend to go after people?

@_date: 1996-02-05 15:24:54
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: RC2 protected by copyright? 
Yes, the table would have been more an idea, and less "just text" if it
was derived from pi (as the comment in the posted code suggests...)
What I was suggesting is a way to get the tremendous protection of
copyright (that is, 75 year term, no filing fees, protected from birth, no
secrecy required) on ciphers. Now, this was tried with video games, each Nintendo cartridge had in
it something like "copyright Nintendo", as a way to try to get that
protection, and I believe that they lost in court (if my memory is
Everyone knows the story of the compositions of the S-Boxes in DES, that
they just happen to contain constants that make it difficult to attack
DES with differential cryptanalysis.  There are almost an infinite number
of S-Boxes that would have that property (probably more that wouldn't).
But if you were going to write a code that would interoperate
with somebody else's DES, there is absolutely no way to do describe it
except to enumerate the S-Boxes, hence perhaps violating the copyright.
You can say "make it resistant to linear and differential cryptanalysis",
and you may get something as good, or better, but it wouldn't interoperate.

@_date: 1996-02-17 11:25:29
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: PGP 
It is unclear.  Up until recently, there was never any restriction imposed
on taking code out of the country.  Technical papers are presented, the book
Applied Cryptography as explicitly allowed to be exported.
Then MIT came out with the PGP book.  The book contains the entire source, in a easy
to scan font.  I don't know for a fact, but it seems to me that it was designed
to push the line a little bit.
A CJR request was filed for the book.  There is a statutory requirement that the
response come back within some small number of weeks.  So far it's been over a
year, and while it has not been rejected, it has not been approved either.
So, it is unclear.  Check out Phil Karn's web page.  If you are interested in
just how far the gov't will go; how foolish they are willing to look; it's all there.

@_date: 1996-02-20 14:51:17
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Optical repeaters 
You should be able to use optical repeaters in a quantum cryptography situation.
The way lasers (these optical repeaters are lasers) amplify is that a photon
can stimulate the emission of an identical (in all respects) photon from an
excited atom as it goes by.  So you get two photons, with exactly the same
direction, frequency, polarization, and so on; without measuring those states.
This is how lasers work.
But, and this is the interesting part; you cannot use this feature to tap
the line.  Measuring either one of these photons would disturb the other,
destroying the state that it has.
It has been proven over and over that you cannot measure the polarization of
a photon in two axes at the same time, the measurment at one axis destroys
that information.  So you think, "Fine, I'll just stimulate the emission of
an identical photon, and measure one horizontally and one vertically. I'm only measuring each photon once, but since I know that the two photons
are identical, I can deduce the polarization in both axes of the one photon
from these two measurements."  Makes sense.  Doesn't work.  There was a
fabulous article in Scientific American, I think August 1978 that described
almost exactly this experiment.  You can think about it a number of different
ways, but the upshot is that you cannot defeat quantum cryptography this way,
the uncertainty principle will not let you.

@_date: 1996-03-09 17:43:18
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: News on RSA vs. Cylink Injunctions and Patents 
It is absolutely true that RSA has seen the light, and now believe that
the DH and HM patents are not valid.  I think that they had this realization
on the day that they lost control of these patents, with the breakup
of PKP.
Roger Schlafly has been fighting these patents as well, and it appears to
me that DH should be completely dead, it was widely publicized more than
a year before the patent was filed.
I don't believe RSA's interpretation of the judges ruling, though.
Certainly they will twist the words in the most favorable way.
RSA had been saying that Hellman-Merkle, not Diffie-Hellman, covered
all public key patent ideas; but they were only saying that through
PKP (which was a joint venture between themselves and Cylink)

@_date: 1996-03-12 17:54:34
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: TWP on Crypto Keys 
Somebody posted this editorial this morning, that includes the
following passage:
Now, I thought that the bills did no such thing.  How could The
Washington Post get this so wrong?
As I understand it, the bills do not in any way tie export to
key escrow.  They mention key escrow only to the extent that
they specify that it is illegal to disclose the keys.
Why would the paper get this cockeyed?  Is it just a screwup,
or are they pushing for a change?

@_date: 1996-03-13 15:43:21
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: all.net 
This is the message that I got when I mistakenly typed
"telnet all.net"
[previously quoted message not repeated...]
P.S.  At this time, there is what appears to be a criminal conspiracy
underway to excersize our detection system.  Criminal because it is an
attempt to attack a Federal Interest Computer - conspiracy because some
of the participants have, after the fact, decided to participate in the
criminal activity by refusing to identify the source of the attack. This is a result of a posting to a mailing list by someone who was
apparently upset at having their activities detected.  A recent threat
to break into this site was posted, and we have contacted federal
authorities.  As this incident quantitatively increases, the level of
our work to check out each part of the incident (by administrators such
as yourself) may reach a total of $5,000.  At that point, the FBI will
be called in and participants in this activity may find that they are
under federal investigation. Please advise your users to cease and desist and advise them to advise
others to do so as well.  It would also help us to limit the damage and
establish culpability (and innocence) if you could get copies of the
posting sent to your users so we can track down the source of the threat
and determine what response, if any, is appropriate regarding your users
who may be innocent victims of (and accidental conduits for) this
        March 1996 - FC

@_date: 1996-05-27 04:43:10
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: [SCARE]: "If you only knew what we know..." 
I asked Peter Neumann, of the NRC commission whose report is due
very very soon, and they did indeed get "The Briefing".  He was
very keen to have all appendices of the final report be public,
we may get to see the story there.
I am just on pins and needles waiting for the report.  I thought,
when it was announced, that in the year-and-a-half that it would take
to write that the war would be won.  It hasn't, of course.  I think
that the NRC report will define the landscape of the debate for the
next year or so.  We'll see.

@_date: 1996-07-16 20:44:43
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
I agree with Raph's analysis, that for something like RSA encryption
to work, you need to have a strong public key infrastructure, and that
the Gov't could probably build one that people would use; and that would
destroy their privacy.
My prediction, though, is that because Diffie-Hellmann loses its patent
protection so soon, in just over a year now, that RSA, or any persistent-key
system, will not tend to be used for e-mail, phone conversations, or other
types of communication; for D-H, no infrastructure need be in place.
Now, it's true that you can't use D-H for authentication, and that is
a tremendous disadvantage.  Still, you could use the established
gov't PKI to do the authentication, and use D-H for the exchange of

@_date: 1996-10-01 02:52:43
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: RE: Looking for Qualified Individual/Firm to Contract for   Cryptanalysis 
I saw this
and then this...
[the 'ho here is a nasty name for the religions key lawyer, Helena
The trial is happening in San Jose, and I wouldn't be at all surprised
if the attempted cryptanalysis is happening there, too.  They've been
working at it for a few months now.

@_date: 1996-12-07 20:41:47
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: Laptops and TEMPEST 
I'll bet that the laptop that was radiating stuff was doing it from
the external VGA port that many laptops have, rather than from the
LCD screen.

@_date: 1996-12-07 21:13:35
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: PICS is not censorship 
tcmay ("Timothy C. May") sez
PICS, or something like it, is the absolutely right response to calls
for true Internet censorship.  People agreeing to a language, a way
of communicating, is a good thing.
Did you object to HTML?  TCP/IP?  Other agreements that limited the way
that people communicate?
I don't think that PICS will be mandated any more than those two standards
are mandated, perhaps I'm naive, but I think that the social conventions
will work in this case.
I suppose the a better solution would have been to have many competing
private rating services, but PICS will work well, not put much load on
the net, and is transparent and simple.  I like it.

@_date: 1996-12-08 19:31:51
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: PICS is not censorship 
Lucky Green  says:
I think that most of the PICS labels that are on web pages will be those
generated by scripts from groups like RSACi. (
These groups have contracts that require you to not lie when you fill out their
questionnaires, and if you do lie, you are in breach of contract and should expect
to be sued by them.
These companies should create a cryptographic signature for their labels,
I'm really surprised that RSACi doesn't do that yet; I don't know if other
PICS labelers do.
If you just make up your own PICS label, then I can't believe that you would
have any problems saying whatever you want.  Of course, it's likely that most
of the Surfwatch type programs will have options to block all pages without a
well-known label attached to it, and this will probably be the default in a
couple of years.
If this is the way it works out, then I'd consider this voluntary.  I think that
this is the way it will work out, too.

@_date: 1996-12-10 08:21:29
@_author: "Thaddeus J. Beier" 
@_subject: Re: PICS is not censorship 
I completely agree, if the labels, and their format, are mandated, then
it is
a bad thing.
'zactly.  Signatures are pretty easy, and DSS is free.  Compliance
I'm not so sure about.  They should be able to finance the whole project
suing label forgers :-)
You can label it however you want, Tim.  But, most browsers won't
recognize these
ad-hoc labels, and many people will be blocked from your page.  Which is
fine, those people
have chosen to not see pages that aren't labeled in a way that they
understand, and
that is as it should be.
Again, the only fraud I would recognize would be if you created a label
that used
the trademark of a labeling company.  I completely agree that you should
be allowed
to describe your page in any way you want, or not at all.
That's a really We'll just have to see about this, won't we.  I'm betting that it will
I think that you'll be able to set up your browser very easily to
restrict it
to only see the 5% of the pages that happen to be rated (these will be,
from the big companies like Discover, Microsoft, McDonalds, and so on)
and these companies
will pressure the government to declare the problem solved, as the kids
will be funneled to their sites.

@_date: 1997-01-06 13:45:16
@_author: "Thaddeus J. Beier" 
@_subject: Re: IWD_ism 
This is completely unbelievable, who are these people?
I believe that the polymorphic virus is originally from
the classic "Shockwave Rider" and was seen as an impossible
fiction even in that book of improbable fiction.

@_date: 1997-01-06 16:54:47
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Moderation 
I think that this is a completely fabulous idea, an commend John and
Sandy for doing this.  Let me add my own suggestion.
This will fail if flames migrate from cypherpunks-flames to cypherpunks,
I would attempt to prohibit threads that only exist in cypherpunks-flames
being continued into the moderated list.  This'll be hard to do, Sandy,
I know, but if you could think of a way to do this, I think that your
experiment is more likely to succeed.
Phrases like "As I said in the letter that only got sent to
cypherpunks-flames" should cause the whole article to be yanked,

@_date: 1997-01-16 13:21:37
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: ARKANSAS BANS PHONE SCRAMBLERS 
jcr ("John C. Randolph") quotes Charles R. Smith
I called the Arkansas State Police, 501-221-8200, to try to verify this,
and they're "going to have somebody call me back."  I'm not holding my
If anybody has a definative source on this, I'd love to see it; it's

@_date: 1997-01-21 06:40:29
@_author: "Thaddeus J. Beier" 
@_subject: Re: Question on Diffie-Hellman patent 
Well, Jim Bizdos now has an unlimited license to the DH and HM
patents,  due to a recent settlement with Cylink, so he probably
won't be celebrating.
I'd wait 'til the October 6th date for the real party, RSA and
Cylink's lawyers have always claimed the HM gave them a claim to
all of public key cryptography...that's the one I've been waiting
for, and it's only another month :-)  This is going to be a very
good year.
If you look at Roger Schlafly's home page,
you'll see that he's been fighting these guys for years; and he concedes
now that even with his herculean efforts to move the process along, the
trial probably won't come to a head before the patents expire.  I'd love
to see his estimate of how much their lawyers have spent on this over

@_date: 1997-02-03 20:11:31
@_author: "Thaddeus J. Beier" 
@_subject: Re: GAK cracking? 
TIS's press releases, and the article in the paper, imply that
TIS has been approved for 128 bit (uncrackable, except by prior
arrangement) cryptography...not just 56 bit.  They say, and they
should know, that you can export 56 bits now with just a "plan"
of key escrow, and that you can export more if you have a system...
which, what do you know, they have!

@_date: 1997-02-03 19:29:39
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: GAK cracking? 
TIS's press releases, and the article in the paper, imply that
TIS has been approved for 128 bit (uncrackable, except by prior
arrangement) cryptography...not just 56 bit.  They say, and they
should know, that you can export 56 bits now with just a "plan"
of key escrow, and that you can export more if you have a system...
which, what do you know, they have!
