
@_date: 1995-07-17 21:30:29
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: Cray Computer liquidating... 
Phil Fraerling asks if there is any crypto relevance to CCC liquidating.
There definately is some.  They were in the middle of building a Cray 3
with .25 Million PIM processors for the NSA.  It was a wild machine,
basically it used the Cray to pass data back and forth very quickly
among the 1 bit processors.  Someone who worked on it said that it
reminded him of Wayner's hypothetical DES cracking machine.
It was never very close to being finished.  It will be interesting to
see if somebody tries to finish it, or if they use some other
platform to use the PIM (processor-in-memory) chips.  I'd love
to see who bids for the half-finished machine at the coming

@_date: 1995-07-31 09:24:29
@_author: Thaddeus J. Beier 
@_subject: Re: Sex & Crime TV filter 
There has been an ongoing debate about this, for several years.  The way
that it is supposed to work is that the TV broadcasters would include
some kind of rating information in the vertical interval between frames,
and the TV's that are sold after a certain date would interpret these
rating signals to darken the screen during shots, or more likely, programs
that are deemed inappropriate to the viewer.  The idea would be that
parents could program their tv's to permit some range of sex and/or
violence, and thus could protect their children somewhat.
The chip that interprets the content does it solely based on the rating
information.  This is the so-called "v-chip" (v for violence, I think,
not for video) that you see in the press.
I think that a more reasonable approach would be to sell a box that
sits between the video signal source and the TV, or that is within
the TV, that is connected to some private rating service.  I think
that any kind of mandated rating would be unlikely to meet the
qualifications of most people.  Besides, what I would really
like to filter out, what I find to be incredibly violent to the
minds of children, is commercial advertising.  Private rating
services could take care of these, easily, as well.
The idea of boxes outside the TV is usually casually shot down
as unworkable; that kids, with their infinite time, patience,
cleverness, and guile, will find a way to bypass the box.
I'd say that it's worth a try.  And, if it will blank
commercials (and pause your VCR during them, say) I think
it will have tremendous revenues to enable research into
a secure solution.  One such secure solution would be that
you would take your TV into a shop, and have the antenna
connection modified, so that any tampering would be
detected.  Or have it done as a house call, whatever.
