
@_date: 1995-08-14 08:42:11
@_author: Gary Theilman 
@_subject: Re: My pseudo-anonymous dream list 
I use Private Idaho, Eudora, and an account on alpha.c2.org.   Let's see how
the wishlist
compares with this setup.
Probably could be done by sharing the alpha.c2.org database to other remailers.
I don't see any security problems with this as long as people use encrypted
alpha.c2.org doesn't require this, but a smart user will arrange to have
their reply block encrypted with the key of several different remailers.
Is this really a problem?  Makes sense from a housekeeping point of view,
You can set up your reply block for chaining, although it isn't random.
Hmmm.   May be a problem if you are using latent time.
alpha.c2.org can do this
Does this present a security problem, perhaps in conflict with suggestions I can do this now, although sometimes the reply is delayed a few days.
A password is required for alpha.c2.org to make changes.  And any message containing command changes must be encrypted with the remailer's key.
I regularly check the pinging service at remailer-list
to do this.
GREAT SUGGESTIONS!    I think that alpha.c2.org comes closest to fulfilling
your wish list,
although it has several problems.   The greatest problem is ease of set up.
It took me several
tries before I figured out how to set up and send an encrypted reply block
in such a way
that it could not be traced back to me.  It also suffers from tremendous
overload, much like
anon.penet.fi.  As a result, it can be slow.
I would add a few more suggestions of my own to your wishlist.
11)  Seamless integration with existing mail programs, such as Eudora.
12)  Notification that your message has been received (I'm not sure how to
do this and maintain
13)  Ability to handle very large encrypted files (binaries).
14)  Perhaps increasing security by breaking messages into several parts,
routing them through
different chains, and reassembling them just prior to transmission to recipient.
Keep up the good work!
Gary D. Theilman, Pharm.D.
University of Mississippi School of Pharmacy
Department of Clinical Pharmacy Practice
Finger for PGP Public Key
