
@_date: 1997-01-28 13:13:36
@_author: PST 
@_subject: How to subscribe 
I have learned from the discussions in this list that there are other lists related to this one. Can anybody send me information on what is available and when this confusion  created by having different lists will stop.
cypherpunks : unmoderated and uncensored
cypherpunks : unmoderated and censored
cypherpunks : moderated   and uncensored
cypherpunks : moderated   and censored
cypherpunks : US eyes only -- export restrictions
cypherpunks : Europe cypherpunks : private mail
Theodor W. Schlickmann

@_date: 1997-01-28 04:32:34
@_author: PST 
@_subject: How to subscribe 
I have learned from the discussions in this list that there are other lists related to this one. Can anybody send me information on what is available and when this confusion  created by having different lists will stop.
cypherpunks : unmoderated and uncensored
cypherpunks : unmoderated and censored
cypherpunks : moderated   and uncensored
cypherpunks : moderated   and censored
cypherpunks : US eyes only -- export restrictions
cypherpunks : Europe cypherpunks : private mail
Theodor W. Schlickmann

@_date: 1997-02-17 09:11:01
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re(2): DFA 
the European Commission is also sponsoring a project called "OKAPI" where Quisquater and others are working on smardcards in the spirit of the mentioned publications by DFA. Please check
        for further information.
Theodor W. Schlickmann

@_date: 1997-02-17 02:42:50
@_author: PST 
@_subject: Re(2): DFA 
the European Commission is also sponsoring a project called "OKAPI" where Quisquater and others are working on smardcards in the spirit of the mentioned publications by DFA. Please check
        for further information.
Theodor W. Schlickmann

@_date: 1997-05-12 21:59:31
@_author: as opposed to an organisation 
@_subject: Copy of: UK TTP Paper - For Your Information 
Sent:   Friday, May 09, 1997 3:06 PM
cc Brian Gladman - please post to UKCrypto
Dear Mr Lindsey
OPEN REPLY TO THE "OPEN LETTER TO DTI" ON THE TTP CONSULTATION PAPER
First of all let me thank you for your letter of 24 April on the DTI Consultation Document, and also apologise for this rather late reply.  As you can imagine the last couple of weeks have been rather busy for Whitehall Departments.
I am glad you wrote, as it gives me an opportunity to clarify a number of issues which have arisen in both the various Usenet newsgroups and also in the responses we have received to the Consultation Document.  Let me first set the Consultation Document in context.
The Document, as the Introduction to it hopefully made clear, is an outline of how the previous Government's policy might be implemented.  It  follows on from the announcement last June on the provision of encryption services.   Whilst drawing up the Document we took careful notice of the various reactions we had received to that announcement. Unfortunately, there were not many.  Since the Consultation Document was published, a new Government has been elected.  Ministers have not yet had the opportunity to consider this subject.  It therefore follows that what is said below represents only the current view of officials from DTI and other Government Departments.
I will take your questions in order:
1.      Authentication of public keys by private individuals:
Of all the issues you raise this has perhaps caused the most concern to readers of the Consultation Document.  So let me confirm the position we take.  We do not have any intention to impose licensing conditions on individuals who through whatever action, certify the public keys of another individual through the basis of personal knowledge or friendship.  It would, however, be possible (and this is why the Paper is perhaps ambiguous on this point) for an individual (as opposed to an organisation) to carry out a certification process as a service using knowledge (to guarantee authenticity) gained by conventional means (such as passports etc).  It would also be possible for an individual to systematically certify the keys of a large number of individuals through "hearsay" knowledge.  Such arrangements, we believe, should be subject to licensing.
2.      Requirement to escrow private keys:
Again this is an issue which has been commented on frequently in the Newsgroups.  As further discussed in the answer to question 4, we can confirm that we do not propose that the user be required to escrow his private signature key (however generated) with a TTP.  In addition a user is clearly at liberty to generate his own key pair for confidentiality; in such circumstances we are not requiring the private key, of this pair, to be located with a TTP.  If, however, the TTP either generates the confidentiality key pair for a user,  or, for example, certifies a self-generated public key for confidentiality, then escrow of the associated private key would be required under our proposals.  Everyone should recognise that this is a compromise under which we acknowledge that a proportion of confidentiality keys will not be accessible via the warrant process because they have not been escrowed.
3.      Freedom to publish keys and certificates:
We can confirm that the proposals do not seek to licence an individual or organisation that simply provides a location where others' public key certificates or public keys can be published.   This, however, is on the understanding that the individual, or organisations do not (themselves) take steps, or provide a facility for others, to authenticate that public key or associated certificate.
4.      Exemption of signature-only private keys from disclosure under warrant:
You have correctly identified this question as going to the heart of the "legal access" proposals we have made.  And of course you are right in identifying the need for the Government to explain how its policy objectives are to be met in this area.  But we have been entirely consistent in pointing out, both in the Consultation Document and in other public fora, that private keys for signature play no part in the law enforcement elements of these proposals. It would be completely wrong and counter-productive to law enforcement objectives for the authorities to have the capability to interfere with the integrity or authenticity of a You invite a technical and detailed explanation of how we intend to cope with the ability of the RSA algorithm (and others) to issue a key pair that can be used both to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of a message.  I think the answer, at least at this stage, is that there probably is no such technical method (since we don't intend to restrict the choice of algorithm) to prevent this.   In terms of procedure, however, I think there is a clear distinction between the use of a key-pair for confidentiality as opposed to signing.   As we understand the issue it is a requirement (or at least accepted practice) that the public key certificate identifies the purpose for which it is to be used.   In other words the TTP (acting as a certification authority) will certify the public key, of an individual, for a particular purpose.  Therefore if it certifies a public key for signature it would not require the deposit of the associated private key;  while if it certified a key for confidentiality then it would.   It follows, I believe, that  if a user then used a "signature" key for confidentiality it would be doing so outside of the terms of the certificate.  It would therefore be unwise, in normal circumstances, for the user to do this as it would mislead his potential counterparts.  Now I appreciate that such a scenario could allow the sender and receiver (both using certified signature keys) to use the TTP network for encryption purposes without the possibility of key-recovery.  This is, therefore, clearly something we would need to look at carefully.   But in many respects, I would argue, it is little different from two users using encryption outwith the TTP network entirely (eg PGP); a scenario we accept will take place whatever we wish or I trust the above is helpful to you.  I am sure it has not answered all of your questions or even fully the ones you posed.  There is a long way to go yet.   We will, as indicated, ensure that a summary of the responses we receive is published after the period of consultation finishes.  By the way, the consultation period ends on 31 May.  I have seen some speculation on the Internet that comments should be sent well ahead of this date to be considered by DTI.  This is not the case.  All responses, email or letter, sent on or before the 31 May will be considered.
Yours sincerely
David Hendon
Communications & Information Industries Directorate
9 May 97

@_date: 1997-05-16 23:48:09
@_author: extracts only 
@_subject: New Encryption Code 
Reuters News published on Thu May 8 the following:
(extracts only)
The complete message disappeard the other day and my
follow up investigations failed.
Does somebody have more information than what was
given in the message by Reuters.
Theodor Schlickmann

@_date: 1997-06-10 19:10:47
@_author: 2 
@_subject: Re(2): With friends like these... 
We have to live with the fact that industry has a janus head.
On one hand - and here we should follow their example - they are reluctant to allow somebody else to keep their keys in trust.
On the other hand - in contradiction to the previous - they invest in development of key escrow systems including key management protocols which allow third parties having uncontrolled access to keys.
Theodor Schlickmann

@_date: 1997-07-09 15:20:50
@_author: WinWord, RTF, PostScript 
@_subject: Copy of: Bonn Conference - press release and links to final        conference documents on the WWW 
"Carl Johan.ASENIUS" Telmo.BALTAZAR
    Elisabeth.BENZLER Peter.BERZ
    Sue.BIRD Pierre.BISCHOFF
    Michel.BROCHARD Reinhard.BUESCHER
    Giuseppe.CACCIATO Andrew.CHAPMAN
    Bernard.CLEMENTS Dimitri.CORPAKIS
    "Jean-Louis.DE BROUWER" Frans.DE-BRUINE
    Tonnie.DE-KOSTER Fabrizia.DE-ROSA
    Daniel.DEBERGHES Gianmarco.DI-VITA
    Frederic.DONCK Alain.DUMORT
    Klaus.EBERMANN Detlef.ECKERT
    Iordana.ELEFTHERIADOU Margot.FROEHLINGER
    Francois.GENISSON "Miryam.GONZALEZ DURANTEZ"
    Giulio.GRATA Gerhard.HEINE
    David.HERSON Ola-Kristian.HOFF
    Jan.HOORENS Martina.HUBER
    Peter.JOHNSTON Androulla.KAMINARA
    Kurt.KOENIG Nathalie.LABOURDETTE
    Christophe.LECLERCQ Serge.LUSTAC
    Tung-Lai.MARGUE Maria.MARTIN-PRAT
    George.METAKIDES "Lars.MITEK PEDERSEN"
    Stig.MYKEN Nicholas.NEWMAN
    Michael.NIEBEL George.PAPAPAVLOU
    "Vicente.PARAJON COLLADA" Gregory.PAULGER
    Michelle.QUERE Alan.REEKIE
    Andrea.RICCI Michel.RICHONNIER
    Claudia.RITTER Kenneth.ROBERTS
    Jan.ROUKENS Peter.SANDLER
    Richard.SCHLECHTER Theodor.SCHLICKMANN
    Alain.SERVANTIE Christine.SOTTONG-MICAS
    Guenter.STEVEN David.TALBOT
    Peter.THEUNISSEN Paul.TIMMERS
    Xavier.TROUSSARD Anne.TROYE
    Paul.VANDOREN Viviane.VANOVERMEIRE
    Robert.VERRUE Patrick.VITTET-PHILIPPE
    Adam.WATSON-BROWN Birgit.WEISE-MONTAG
    Christopher.WILKINSON Gunter.WILMS
    Rosalie.ZOBEL
please find attached the Bonn Conference press release . Please note that the following are also available on         English, French and German versions of the Ministerial declaration (WinWord, RTF, PostScript)         Industrial declaration (WinWord, RTF, PostScript)         Users Declaration "Putting people's needs at the centre" (WinWord, RTF, PostScript) Richard Swetenham

@_date: 1997-07-09 15:28:38
@_author: TTPs 
@_subject: Self-certified keys 
You may find some articles related to the subject on
In these papers several extensions of self-certified keys, which make them more competitive compared with certificate-based keys are presented. The main features of self-certified keys lie in their easy
availability and accessibility. Other parameters than system parameters are not required to be authentic. Therefore large databases with certified public keys (TTPs) are not needed any more. However, small lists with the authentic public keys of the certification authorities are still needed. The properties of self-certified keys are:

@_date: 1997-07-10 16:57:15
@_author: c 
@_subject: US and EU at odds on data protection 
Internet: US and EU at odds on data protection
                   THURSDAY JULY 10 1997
                   By Neil Buckley

@_date: 1997-11-19 17:00:12
@_author: 12^167+1 
@_subject: Re: Factor a 2048-bit number 
Extract from ERCIM News No. 31:
CWI factors Giant Number in Record-Time
On Wednesday, 3 September, one of the several hundred computers at CWI yield the two prime factors of the 180-digit number "see: Factor a 2048-bit number", also written as (12^167+1)/13. The factors were found after only twelve days of computation on 85 SGI/Cray computers at CWI.  One special step in the computation requiring huge memory space, was carried out at the Amsterdam Academic Computer Centre SARA.
The 180-digit number is the largest factored so far with the method employed here-the Special Number Field Sieve (SNFS).  The previous record (See: the factoring of a 167-digit number, was established last February by an international group of researchers who joined efforts through Internet.  However, this job still required two months of computing time.  In establishing the new record, CWI only used in-house resources.  The record time - a speed-up with a factor five compared to the previous record - was due to recent software improvements by CWI researchers who moreover used faster computers than their predecessors. The used code was originally developed at Oregon State University and by the Dutch mathematician Arjen Lenstra (now at Citibank, New York).  During the last few years CWI has continually improved this code, leading to several world records in this research field.  The American company Microsoft will shorty acquire the right!
 to use this code, in order to become more familiar with the newest factoring technologies.  With a related method, the General Number Field Sieve, the reliability of widely used cryptographic codes is tested.
Please contact:
Herman te Riele-CWI
Tel: +31 20 592 4106
E-mail: Herman.te.Riele

@_date: 1997-11-27 20:57:53
@_author: http://europa.eu.int/en/comm/dg10/avpolicy/new_srv/comlv-en.htm 
@_subject: Newsflash 
The European Commission today adopted a proposal for an Action Plan on promoting safe use of the Internet.
This takes the form of a Communication from the Commission to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions with a proposal for a Council decision adopting a Multiannual Community Action Plan on promoting safe use of the Internet.
The Action Plan is the follow up of earlier initiatives by the European Union, and refers directly to the 16 October 1996 Communication on Illegal and Harmful Content on the Internet and Green Paper on Protection of Minors and Human Dignity in Audiovisual and Information Services , and the Parliament resolutions of 24 April 1997 and 24 October 1997.
The Action Plan is closely linked with the Commission Communication and proposal for a Recommendation of 18 November 1997, which outlines political measures on protection of minors and human dignity in the audiovisual services ( The Action Plan contains action lines on creating a safe environment through establishing a European network of hot-lines and industry self-regulation, developing filtering and rating systems and awareness action.
The text in English is available online at  Other language versions will be available shortly.

@_date: 1998-10-20 16:21:19
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: EU Privacy Directive 
Those who are affected in the first place are US companies who
are used to collect and process personal data from their customers
without any embarrassment. They will be excluded from
the European market, if they do not follow European Data
Protection rules. Until now the US goverment has decided to leave this matter to self regulation. However, US industry did not manage to come up with an appropriate codex. If industry
does not comply until the end of the year, FTC promised that
they will introduce a bill at congress which will comply with
European data protection standards. On the other hand, the US did
not even manage to adopt the Guidelines on the Protection
of Privacy and Transborder Flow of Personal Data by OECD.
The discrepancy in the US system is exposed by the fact that
general laws for data protection and privacy were avoided in
favour of specific laws for single areas or techniques.
Other countries, in particular those in Eastern and Central
Europe have, in spite of massive lobbying by D. Aaron, adopted
laws on data protection and privacy since they do not want
endanger their future participation in the EU.
T. Schlickmann

@_date: 1998-10-21 17:01:15
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "We have to destroy privacy in order to protect privacy" 
What is privacy?
Just now the political representatives show the world how protection of privacy looks like in the world's leading Nation. Victim is the President himself who unwillingly has become a benchmark case because of his sexual affairs.
Although this is a matter of law, only political strategies are executed.
Protection of privacy turns out to be the most important human rights issue in this information technology age.
Definition of privacy is difficult. It includes not only data protection; it draws a line at the border where a society is allowed to get concerned about an individual.
Louis Brandeis, Member of the Supreme Court, said in 1890: The right for privacy is the right for an individual to live for him/her-self. Protection of privacy includes protection of private information, safety, protection of communication, and protection of territory (house, public space, and work place).
Following several articles in American newspapers, privacy at the work place is in great danger. Surveillance is very often made part of the contract with the employer. A Report by the American Management Association says that two thirds of employers are controlling emails and other work at the computer, and are tapping phone calls. Surveillance cameras are used, e.g., to trace movements of employees in company buildings; regular tests for drugs, requests for intimate information and various psychological tests are performed.
Many people in the US may believe this is normal. Who tells them that this a violation of privacy rights ? The government ? Bill Gates ? Tim May ? If companies are using personal data, which they have gathered from open sources, without explicit permission for other purposes than in direct business with that person, then they are violating data protection rules. If the sources are not open, then they are also violating fair competition rules which may be considered to be criminal in some countries.
Sifting through filing cabinets is also clearly a violation of privacy rights. However, does it mean that privacy is uncontrollable?  Alternatively, the only protection is not to put any personal data on a network. Use your pseudonym instead. Strong encryption does not help, because the receiver side may not respect your privacy.
Theodor Schlickmann

@_date: 1998-10-23 00:16:27
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: "We have to destroy privacy in order to protect privacy" 
Slogan in the Subject used by Tim May.
 sold for 845 Mio $.
business: collecting and selling personal data from open sources.
T. Schlickmann

@_date: 1998-10-26 19:05:55
@_author: e.g., violated by face recognition systems 
@_subject: Re: An amendment proposal... 
Your scope of privacy seems to be rather narrow. It is not only communication.
Privacy is also needed on public places (e.g., violated by face recognition systems), at work places (e.g.,violated by telephone tapping), for your body (e.g., endangered by abortion control),
Copyright protection is only one way of hiding subsidies to industry. The amount
of money which is sometimes claimed in relation to copyright violation is wishful thinking.
If copyright protection would work, then the value of sold products will be much less.
A very small number of people would buy the product for the regular price. On the other
hand with piracy, the market share is growing extremely fast. The current situation
is hypocritical, because industry wants both.
Theodor Schlickmann

@_date: 1998-10-28 17:31:09
@_author: e.g.,violated by telephone tapping 
@_subject: Re: Right of privacy 
It is important to set clear guidlines and codes of practice for such
technological innovations, well in advance of the digital revolution
making new and unforseen opportunities to collate, analyze, recognise
and store such visual images. Such regulation will need to be founded on sound data protection principles and take cognizance of
article 15 of the European Data Protection Directive. Essentially it
says that:
"Member States shall grant the right of every person not to be subject
to a decision which produces legal effects concerning him or significantly
affects him and which is based solely on the automatic processing of
The attitude to CCTV camera networks varies greatly in the European Union,
from the position in Denmark where such cameras ar banned by law to the
position in the UK, where you can find one of the most advanced CCTV network
coverage in Europe and where the issue of regulation and control have been
perhaps more developed then anywhere else.
