
@_date: 1997-10-02 23:19:41
@_author: The Same Guy 
@_subject: InfoWar 27 / Part III of The True Story of the InterNet 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Anarchist Post of the Century Alex Le Clue
Anarchist Post of the Century
Let's not forget that cops are often the bad guys.
And I don't mean this in a macho, off-the-pigs way. I mean that
history the "cops" are those who have enforced the laws
and whims of
tyrants, who have arrested and tortured and executed dissidents
nonconformists of all flavors, and who were the "King's men"
in the times
of the Founders.
Even in more recent decades in the U.S., don't forget it was "cops"
harassed civil rights workers, who broke up perfectly legal strikes,
arrested and imprisoned Eugene Debs for speaking out against the
draft in
particular and a foolish war, WW 1, in general, and so on. One
need only
look to J. Edgar Hoover and his police state measures.
(In fact, the very term "police state" tells us all
we need to know about
whether or not "Mr. Policeman is Your Friend" is always,
or even most of
the time, true.)
And with full awareness that I am invoking Godwin's Law, the "cops"
Europe in the 1933-45 period were the enforcers of Hitler's policies.
Here's a list of some folks throughout history and in various
regimes who
would likely have reason not to want to escrow their keys with
the local
Jews, Catholics, Protestants, atheists, heretics, schismatics,
 heathens,
poets, authors, Scharansky, Solzhenitsyn, refuseniks, Chinese
students in front of tanks, Branch Davidians, Scientologists,
Gandhi, Nelson Mandela, African National Congress, UNITA, Thomas
Patrick Henry, colonial rebels, patriots, Tories, Basque separatists,
Algerian separatists, secessionists, abolitionists, John Brown,
opponents, communists, capitalists, imperialist lackeys, anarchists,
Charlie Chaplin, Galileo, Joan of Arc,, Martin Luther,  Martin
Luther King,
Malcolm X, Stokely Carmichael, civil rights workers, Margaret
Sanger, birth
control activists, abortionists, anti-abortionists, Michael Miliken,
Vesco, Marc Rich, Nixon's Enemies, Hoover's enemies, Clinton's
Republicans, Democrats, anarchists, labor organizers, pornographers,
readers of "Playboy," viewers of images of women whose
faces are uncovered,
Amateur Action, Jock Sturges, violators of the CDA, alt.fan.karla-homulka
readers,  Internet Casino customers, Scientologists, Rosicrucians,
royalists, Jacobeans, Hemlock Society activists, Jimmy Hoffa,
John L. Lewis,
Cesar Chavez, opponents of United Fruit, land reformers, Simon
Robin Hood, Dennis Banks, American Indian Movement, Jack Anderson,
Ellesberg, peace activists, Father Berrigan, Mormons, Joseph Smith,
missionaries, Greenpeace, Animal Liberation Front, gypsies, diplomats,
ambassadors, Randy Weaver, David Koresh, Ayatollah Khomeini, John
Papists, Ulstermen, IRA, Shining Path, militia members, tax protesters,
Hindus, Sikhs, Lech Walesa, Polish labor movement, freedom fighters,
revolutionaries, Ben Franklin, Thomas Paine, and "suspects"
--Tim May
The Feds have shown their hand: they want a ban on domestic cryptography
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital
ComSec 3DES:   408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms,
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information
Higher Power: 2^2,976,221   | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information
Alex Le Clue
Axle Le Clue shook his head in disbelief, as he read the CypherPunks
list post that had been sent by his clueless Doppelganger, Alex
Le Heux.
Bullshit. People in the US rarely use their weapons against oppressive
governments or political turbulence. Most guns that are used against
another person there are used to commit crime or to defend against
those armed criminals.
 Not
You have a nerve. You, coming from a country where people are
regularly killed in the name of racism, tell me this?!
Axle Le Clue had been following this thread, in which a large
number of CypherPunks had contributed their perspective, to little
effect, for the most part.
Alex Le H[clu]e[less]ux, despite a variety of sensible, well-reasoned
posts by a number of different American CypherPunks, seemed to
remain,  in his own mind, a world-class expert on a country in
which he did not reside.
What was especially sad, was that the poor, dumb fucker wasn't
even a spook.
Axle Le Clue decided that, since the rather civil posts by the
other list members were not helping his clueless twin from across
the sea to come half-way to his senses, that he would step into
his VerityMonger suit and bring the boy up to speed on what an
ignorant asshole he was making of himself.
It was the least he could do for an evil twin...
  Did you know that all Europeans are exactly 5' 7" tall,
have light brown hair and limp slightly when they walk? I know
this because I watch TV and that makes me a goddamn fucking expert
on you low-life foreigners who aren't like us, over here.
  If you disagree with my view of your region of the world, then
why don't you get your head out of your fucking ass so that you
have an outside chance of expressing an opinion or viewpoint that
you didn't suck out of the cocks of the mass media when it comes
to our region of the world.
  I saw a news story on TV the other day about two senior citizens
who drew down on a would-be robber in a restaurant, or some such,
using their illegal guns, which they carried for their
own protection.
  Yep, I saw it in the news once.
  Today some kid slashed his mater's throat, and then went to
school and whacked out a couple of his classmates with a rifle.
I have seen this every half-fucking-hour since it happened, and
will no doubt be shown all of the messy details another few hundred
times before the mass media who seem to be in charge of spoon-feeding
people like yourself their world-view is done creating your reality
for you.
  You want nerve, pal? I've got the fucking nerve to suggest that
you petition your fucking government to take in a few million
US government created nigger crack-heads, so that your country
can teach our citizens how to treat them with love and respect.
  To tell the truth, I'd rather you took the white-bread junkies,
because my nigger drug addict acquaintances have treated me much
better than my honkey junkie pals.
  Correct me if I'm wrong (but I never am), but it seems to me
that Europe is not even interested in saving our Black-African
Americans from the horrible abuse they suffer as a result of our
country's racism. Come and get 'em...see if they'll go.
  The US has racial problems because we have different races.
We also have a whole shitload of racial harmony.
  All over the world, there are a variety of countries engaged
in mass murder and genocide, at any given point in time. You try
coming to the US and slaughtering even a few thousand of any particular
race, religion, or ethnic group, and you won't even be able to
take a wild guess at the number of people of various races, religions
and ethnic groups that will be on your ass like shit on stink.
  You hypocritical piece of shit--having the fucking audacity
to conceitedly brag about how the people of Europe have "put
the crap of WWII behind us" and suggest that it is something
that we "haven't managed to do."
  Want the cold, hard facts of life, Bubba?
  You didn't put WWII 'behind' you. We did!
  Gun-loving Americans conquered your continent and gave you your
countries back instead of enslaving you, like every other winner
in history has done.
  Some of us discriminate against Jews. Do you know why? Because we HAVE some!
  We were giving them refuge while Europe was massacring them
by the millions. Now you have the balls to say we're not all treating
them right all of the time.
  Buy a fucking clue!
NEWS FLASH!!!
  Fascism hadn't died, it has just gone underground and crept
into every facet of life through the corporate and government
power mongers.
  The government and the mass media are working the citizens like
dumb fish on a hook, who are still trying to swallow the worm.
There is a New World Order on the way, and it isn't going to be
any prettier than the last time it was tried.
  You can dismiss as paranoid ranters and ravers, those who decry
the increasing loss of our freedom and privacy, but you would
be better served to listen and learn from them, rather than criticize
their determination to defend their liberty, to the death, if
  Why? Because these are the same people who defended Europe's
liberty, to the death.
  The danger is not the freedom lovers who are armed and declaring
the line they will not let others step over, in compromising their
rights and freedoms.
  The danger is the sheeple who believe the government and their
media shills when they say that the Thought Police only want Austria.
The Privacy Police only want the Jews.
  The danger is the sheeple who buy the government lie that they
need to deny us our rights and freedoms to solve the problems
that they, themselves, have created.
  If you can't see this clearly, then there is nothing that I
or any of the other CypherPunks can say to change your perception
of the source of creeping fascism that is leading to yet another
attempt to create a New World Order.
  I love the American people. I despise the secret American government.
I feel the same about many other countries I have lived in or
  I do not want to see your children, or mine, fighting in the
future over what color to paint their prison cells, instead of
fighting to escape, and be free. When the cattle cars stop at
the end of the line, the people you find there are not nearly
as civil and reasonable as the ones who checked your identity
cards at the beginning of the trip, to make sure that you were
properly processed according to your rights under the law.
  I think you are an idiot to believe that the threat of weapons
in the hands of the citizens is a greater threat than weapons
only in the hands of the rich and powerful. However, if Europe
is conquered by the forces of evil, once again, I am sure that
myself and many other Americans will do what we can to come pull
your ass out of the fire.
  It may take a little longer, this time, though, since we may
have to kick our own fascist government's ass before we come kick
the shit out of your dictators.
  No need to thank us...it's just the way Americans are.
"If you want to conquer the world, you're going to have to
come through me."
("Do you feel lucky, Hitler? Well...do you?)
Copyright "Anonymous TruthMonger "
"You can't get there from here."
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')
Soviet Union Sickle of Eunuchs Secret WebSite

@_date: 1997-10-03 11:33:17
@_author: The Same Guy 
@_subject: And with the money you save on rent, you can... 
* A Washington Post report in March on prison corruption in
Mexico revealed that drug traffickers supposedly under maximum
security actually have "spacious rooms, cooks and maids, cellular
phones, a gymnasium, a sauna, and manicured gardens where they
host barbecues," among other things.  And in May, the New York
Times revealed that a federal jail in Brooklyn has been run as a
"Mafia social club," where family business "sit-downs" featured
smuggled-in meatballs, manicotti, vodka, and wine.  And in May,
imprisoned Gangster Disciple leader Larry Hoover was convicted in
Chicago of running a vast prison drug operation in which he
typically issued memos and gave orders by cellular phone while
wearing $400 alligator boots and eating specially prepared food in
his cell. To read these News of the Weird newspaper
columns from the past six months, go to
(That site contains no graphics, no photos, no video clips, no
audio.  Just text.  Deal with it.)
