
@_date: 1993-01-21 15:20:09
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: public servant privacy 
Well, there are really two conflicting issues here:
1) The Fifth Amendment - the right not to testify against yourself,
   hence the Miranda warning when you're arrested. You can claim that
   being forced to decrypt your hard disk by the cops violates your
   Fifth Amendment rights, and refuse to decrypt it.
2) Obstruction of Justice - by not handing over the key to your hard disk,
   you may be obstructing an investigation.  By not decrypting your
   hard disk under court order, you maybe be held in contempt of court.
Number 2 may work for law enforcement if they are investigation a third
party and ask to see your hard disk in order to help their investigation.
A good example is an Internet site that is being used as a telnet launch-pad
by some hacker. If that site refuses to cooperate and keeps their files
encrypted, the police/court may charge you with obstruction of justice or
contempt of court.  HOWEVER, if you feel that by decrypting these files,
you would be providing testimony/evidence against yourself, you can plead
the 5th, and tell them to go screw themselves.
Thug

@_date: 1993-01-21 21:52:44
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: the bill of rights hasn't been revoked. not yet, anyway. 
I've been thinking about this a bit, and it seems that the Constitution's
Bill of Rights has all the provisions required to implement and legally
use digital money, secure encryption, and anonymous communication networks.
Specifically, the First, Fourth, and Fifth Ammendments can be used as one's
defense in implementing any of the above.
The First Ammendment can be seen as allowing encryption.  Freedom of
Speech does not preclude the government or anybody for that matter having
to understand what I am saying. I can just as easly say  "blardi blahr oof
aarf bloo arrr foo barr arrh blard foobaaaaah" or "010110101101101011101.."
to anyone I like and be protected by the First Amendment.  Only those
that can decode my speech will understand it, those that can't won't. I am
free to speak to whoever I like (freedom of association / assembly). I am
free to speak anonymously provided I break no law (copyright, slander/libel,
etc.).  Even if I do break a law, the next two paragraphs will show that I
cannot be prosecuted for such a crime very easily.
The Fourth Ammendment protects us from illegal search and siezure.  If the
government can get a warrant, they can search my place and sieze all my
encrypted files. They can intercept my encrypted communications.
They can have them, it won't do them any good.  But it is their duty to
decode it, not mine, and the Fifth Amendment basically says that.. The Fifth Ammendment is the tastiest one of all when it comes to
encryption.  By pleading the Fifth, you do not have to decrypt anything
for the prosecution.  The Fifth Ammendment gives you the right not to
testify or provide evidence that would incriminate you.  Providing a
key to decrypt your hard disk would incriminate you, and you don't
have to do it.
In short the 1st & 5th ammendments + Secure Encryption can be used make even
a completely legal search or wiretap warrant against one self worthless. Hence, not enough evidence for prosecution, hence no prosecution.  They
can't force you to decrypt any of your communcations or stored files,
because you merely plead the Fifth amendment.  This is assuming one
encrypts everything, and has no accomplices/conspiritors who offer to
testify for the prosecution. Even then, with public key encryption, the
most that people who rat on you can give to the prosecutors are messages
that you sent to them (the rat).  And assuming all messages that you have
sent out are sufficiently vague/obscure as to be non-incriminating, you
are fairly safe there too.  Assuming all messages from you were sent
anonymously to a list, they can't even prove you sent them.
Thus if they cannot force you to decrypt your hard disk, you should be
relatively safe from successful prosecution for whatever, whether it be drug
running or running a anonymous digital money bank / barter house.
I guess now you can see why the government is so scared of encryption.
Widespread use of encryption on the part of the criminal class would
simultaneously obsolete all police, the FBI, CIA, Secret Service, and
Department of Justice, or at the very least make their jobs several
thousand orders of magnitude more difficult.  For example, a child
pornography ring that trades anonymously in encrypted .gifs using
truly anonymous remailers would be impossible to take down by just
taking down one member of the ring. Furthermore, it may be impossible
to prosecute even that one member.

@_date: 1993-01-22 09:39:03
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: the bill of rights hasn't been revoked. not yet, anyway. 
Agreed. I guess if you refuse after that point, they can hold you in contempt
of court or cite you for obstruction of justice.
BUT, what if they "crime" involves only you. Then they (the prosecutors) are
up shit's creek, pardon the language. You're immune, and there's no one
left to prosecute.
Okay, let's assume the crime involves a conspiracy, and they give you immunity
and force you to decrypt your hard disk.  What good would this do them if
all your communications between your conspirators took place anonymously and
the messages from your conspirators are so vague/obscure as to be worthless
as evidence.  Now, they have already given you immunity, and now they can't
even go after your conspirators because they may not even know who those
conspirators are or even what the hell those conspirators were talking about
in their vague/obscure messages to you.  Even if the prosecutors know what
the messages are in reference to, they still have to prove that in a court
of law, beyond a reasonable doubt. Since they cannot go back on their
promise of immunity to you, the prosecutors are again up shit's creek.
All this will only work providing the prosecutors have no other evidence
against you (ie: voice wire taps, physical evidence (notes, cancelled checks,
survielance video, stashed cash, etc.)). If you conduct EVERYTHING via
encrypted and anonymous communications and keep all records encrypted, they
really cannot touch you.
Don't you just love crypto-anarchy? I know I do.

@_date: 1993-01-26 08:49:57
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
Since none of us have ever been inside the NSA, we cannot underestimate
their power and resources.  For all we know they may have 500 Intel Delta
supercomputers linked together, each having 65,536 i860-XP/50mhz chips.
We really don't know what kind of iron they possess.  Thus we can't assume
that they can't factor extremely large numbers easily.
The only way to thwart the NSA is to use an encryption scheme which has
been _proven_ uncrackable.  The only one I know of is the One Time Pad.
A person I know is working on a computerized version of the OTP that
extracts a truly random stream of bits from TV/RF static and massages it
using a DSP to be highly variable (e.g.: no runs of 0's or 1's longer than
5 bits). This stream is then XOR'd in one time pad fashion with an
LZW compressed version of a plaintext message. The key stream is never
re-used and after a byte from the key stream is used, it is erased (crossed off the digital pad).  Since no bit in the key stream has any
known relationship to any other bit (unlike in pseudo-random-number
generators), the goal of extracting either the key or the plain text is
intractable. If the NSA can crack the OTP, then they must have God himself on their
salary.  Read the sci.crypt FAQ on more info about the one time pad. The
only problem with the whole OTP scheme is that it can only be used for
provably secure communications over unsecure channels.  It is much more  difficult to use a OTP to encrypt one's hard disk without having to memorize
50 million bits of TV/RF static. Then again 50 million bits of TV/RF static
can be stored on a totally-self-destructing memory device. For instance a
memory card with battary backed RAM that fits in my pocket. If the
law busts in, I merely have to pull out the lithium battary from the
card and the key is destroyed beyond all possible recovery.  If
the NSA can extract bits from the proverbial bit bucket in the sky
(also known as write once memory (WOM)), then they truly must have God
working on their side.

@_date: 1993-01-26 12:46:59
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Computerized OTP (a clarification) 
I never recommended the digital OTP as a replacement for public key
cryptography. Clearly the logistics of using OTPs on a large scale
are clearly dismal.  While public key solutions like PGP are good
for mass communication systems, they are not secure as far as I am
concerned.  I am sure the NSA has plenty of tricks up their sleeve
for dealing with PGP & RSA.
OTP is an excellent solution for small groups (5 people or less) who
MUST have completely secure communications.  It would be quite easy
for a small group like this to physically meet once a year and
exchange their fresh 250mb pads (stored on magnetic reel tape which
is incrementaly shreaded & burned on the way out of a OTP decoding
machine).  In fact only one trusted individual is needed to operate an
OTP pad generating machine to create the fresh pad tapes from RF noise
and only once a year. This could be the ring leader of the group and tape
distributor. A 250mb pad is enough for each individual to send 250,000 one kilobyte
messages to his conspirators, surely enough pad material to require physical
pad exchange only once a year, perhaps even less frequently. A terrorist group or drug ring could use OTPs quite easily
from a logistical and key distribution point of view and never
have to worry about their messages (e-mail or telex) being
decrypted by any agency on the face of the earth.  The costs of such
a method are minimal for a group of 5 terrorists, a 5-node system like
this could be built and set up for around $5000.
Of course an OTP scheme must insure physical security as well.
Used up key stream tape must be incrementally shredded and burned beyond recovery. And plaintext messages should be displayed to CRT,
never be stored. After each message is read or sent, it is destroyed by
being overwritten in RAM by nulls. The screen should either by an LCD
display or a Tempest proof CRT. Unused pad tape must be quickly removable
so that it can be dropped into a near by barrel of sulfuric acid should
the law bust through your door.  This would prevent the capture of the
unused pad tape and prevent the law from spoofing your conspirators by
sending and decoding messages as you. A ventilation system must be
put in place to suck out the fumes from the barrel of acid out of the
room. A wireless alarm system must be in place to allow the detection
of a law enforcement assault and allow the quick acid bath destruction of
unused pad material.  Note, this scheme comes directly from my mind
as I speak and does not fly out of anything.  It could be refined into a
very secure and inexpensive set up.  A well implemented OTP scheme makes the interception
of plaintext impossible and the capture of messages by physical raids
also impossible.  This is what I believe to be the only provably secure
communication method.  If I was a drug king pin, this is what I would use.

@_date: 1993-01-26 20:14:48
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
Timothy Newsham wries:
The key stream for a OTP system is infinitely long, and if a real
random source is used (e.g. RF noise/static) no bit in the key stream
has any relationship to any other bit in the key stream, unlike
a pseudo-random-gen key stream where there is a relationship and this
relationship can be found and the seed for the PRNG extracted and
thus the key is broken.  Since TV static on unused channels is
basically amplified RF garbage coming in from outer space radio
sources and is in fact "white noise", it makes the perfect encoding
stream for a one time pad system, it's infinitely long, never repeats,
and is never reused.
Yes I do think the idea of making a "more random than random" stream
by filtering out long runs of 0's or 1's weakens the the key stream
in theory, but in practical use it strengthens it, because if the stream
is left alone, runs of 500 bits of 0's or 1's can come through, and any
fool can then extract plain text using XOR in this area of the cyphertext.
LZW compression of the plaintext helps, but I feel that it is far better
to reduce the possibility of a key stream containing long runs of 0's or
1's, than to leave it alone.
The other possibility is to find a truly random RF source that has all
the properties you want, the more important being that the >average<
length of a homogenous bit run (0's or 1's) is around 4 or 5 bits. Of
course you should let run lengths of 12 bits come through to screw
the stat guys, but the >average< run length should be below 8 bits. Such
a highly variable stream of white noise makes the perfect key stream in my

@_date: 1993-02-05 10:18:57
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: RE: 'Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
According to what I read it seems that the whole issue of cellular radio
signal encryption is really a non-issue.  They could have the most secure
standard for radio signal encryption and it wouldn't matter.  The FBI
already uses tie lines and REMOBs (remote observation units) at the telephone
switching centers to access the conversation on any particular local loop
(phone number) that they want.  I know, because in my younger days as a phone
phreak my friends and I used to play with REMOBs and BLV all the time, so I personally know that they exist.  What makes you think they don't have the same kind of REMOB/BLV capability
to the cellular telephone switches?  I mean, if a conversation is scrambled
from the mobile phone to the switch over the radio, it must be unscrambled
at the switch before it can be transmitted over the trunk lines into the
PSTN network, and that's where the FBI places their tie-lines and REMOB
Like someone else in this thread already mentioned, high-level end-to-end
encryption is the only way to protect your privacy.
Thug

@_date: 1993-02-05 11:40:52
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: RE: 'Sunday Times' article on GSM changes 
(Eric Fogleman writes)
The first reason is that they want to steer people's attentions away from the
real issues.  Thus if they are defeated on this one, they can say "Oh well,
we'll be nice guys and you chaps this one.. but from now on leave us alone and
let us go about our business of protecting you from yourselves." Basically,
they want to fight us every step of the way, to make sure we don't get close
enough to really start eating into their security..
The second reason of course is that they want to play super g-men, and ride
around in vans full of cellular equipment following their suspects around
the city.  It's just too damn boring for them to dail up a REMOB at the
cellular switch and listen in that way in the confort of their own offices.
They need outdoor recreation, they need to feel like they're all James Bond
or something.  That's what the second reason is.
Practically speaking though, cellular encryption does hamper their ability
to listen in.  Because sometimes they don't have access to the REMOB at
a cellular switch, like when they are listening in without a warrant.  If
they access the REMOB, that would be noted in a log somewhere and then they
could have problems if the suspect finds out they were wiretapping without
a warrant.  If they just pick it off the air, they don't need a warrant. If
they do a wiretap the old way, they do.  Hence, secure cellular encryption
would actually prevent unauthorized wiretapping, which is something they
never seem to mention to the people they are empowered to protect. Thug

@_date: 1993-02-06 12:16:33
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
This is a device waiting to be built, if it has not been built already.
I would estimate that a pair of such stand-alone encrypted telephones can
be built for under $2000 and about a month or two of development time.
And why are you limiting this to V.32 (9600bps)?  V.32bis (14.4k bps) modem
chips cost maybe 20% more than v.32 chips in quantity.
Even higher speeds are available if you're willing to go that far.  Zyxel
v.32bis modems have proprietary 16.8 kbps and 19.2 kbps full duplex raw
modulation rates, but they use DSPs instead of modem chips like the
ones from Rockwell, AT&T, and Intel.  I believe there are some v.FAST
(not CCITT compliant) modems like the one's from Motorola (Codex) that
can do 21.6 kbps and 24.0 kbps.  I believe the final speed of v.FAST once
standardized by the CCITT will be 28.8 kbps.
Even so, if CEPT coding provides somewhat intelligeable speech at 4800 bps,
then I am sure the sound quality at 14,400 bps is at least as good as
regular analog telphone conversations when it comes to voice.
Consider a device that uses this:        A. a dedicated CEPT codec chip if they currently exist
            OR
          a DSP chip programmed for CEPT compression coding/decoding        B. a high-speed dedicated DES chip
            OR           a RISC microcontroller (i960/amd29k) to do IDEA or LOKI        C. a quality UART like the Zilog SCC or National 16550AFN        D. an external 14,400 bps modem ( v.42 & v.42bis turned off)
                  _____         _____         _____          _____
  earpiece <-----|     |       |     |       |     |        |     |      |  bus  |     |  bus  |     | RS-232 |     |
  A  |-------|  B  |-------|  C  |--------|  D  |-----: RJ-11
     |       |     |       |     |        |     |       jack mouthpiece >-----|_____|       |_____|       |_____|        |_____|                                            dialing keypad
                                         on/off-hook switch
                                             circuit
Of course, if the FBI's Digital Telephony act passes it would be illegal to
sell such devices if they do not have a back door.  HOWEVER, it would not
be illegal to build such devices for personal use.  Hence, one may publish
the schematics and DSP/microcontroller source code to such a device and
let people build them themselves.  However, the masses would not benefit
from this.  Only those with the skills or those with the money (mafia/drug
lords) to pay those with the skills, would be able to produce such devices
for their own use.  The FBI's proposal would not stop the people they want
to catch most from using encryption.  The FBI is wasting their time, and
taking away our rights for no good reason.
I assume a black market for such devices as the above already exists and
will expand massively as the price of DSPs and RISC microcontrollers
drops.  The logical end result would be to put this whole device onto a
single VLSI chip, and selling such crypt-phones for $100-200 a pop to the
mases, but there's a snowballs chance in hell of that happening if the world's
governments have anything to do with it.

@_date: 1993-02-07 09:46:59
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Modem Based Crypto Telephones 
Then how come Hayes demonstrated their v.FAST modems at Fall Comdex '92 in
Las Vegas.  According to the report on Comdex I am reading, the Hayes
modem dialed up another modem at Hayes headquarters in Atlanta and set
up a perfect 28.8 kbps full duplex raw data link.  With v.42bis the two
modems were exchanging text at close to 115.2 kbps.
This is way more than what is needed for telephone quality audio.  I
have programmed voice mail systems based on Dialogic hardware.  They use
a simple ADPCM codec and 6,000 4-bit samples/second.  This gives you
a audio bandwidth of 3khz, basically telephone quality.  At this rate,
we're talking about 6,000 x 4 bits = 24,000 bps.  And this is WITHOUT any kind of advanced compression.  A v.FAST modem doing 24.0 kbps
like the Motorola Codex can handle this now, and 28.8 kbps modems
can handles this and provide a 4kbps digital subcarrier for carrying
data with voice.  For instance, I could be having an encrypted conversation
with you and at the same time, I can send you a spreadsheet file at 4 kbps.
Obviously since the entire 28,800 bps stream would be encrypted, the
spreadsheet file would be encrypted as well.
You can also get excellent quality using 4800 samples/second using 3-bit
ADPCM samples.  This would give you 14,400 bps and an analog bandwidth
of 2400hz.  This is lower than phone quality which is 3000hz, but anything
above 2400hz is really useless for transmitting a male speaking voice
which hardly ever goes past 2000hz.  A female voice on the other hand might
sound somewhat distorted if everything above 2400hz is chopped off.  However,
using a DSP, one may shift the 0-2400hz bandwidth to 300-2700hz using a
toggle switch.  Thus all a female would have to do is toggle a switch on
the cryptophone to tell the other side about the shift.
No, Zyxel uses a DSP. They are always updating their DSP roms to provide
new features.  Not only do Zyxel modems provide v.32/v.32bis/v.42/v.42bis,
and MNP 1-5, but also MNP 10, Caller ID, Voice Mail, and proprietary
16.8 kbps and 19.2 kbps full duplex modes. As soon as ISDN hits the streets, we won't have to worry about bandwidth
since it will be quite easy to build an all-digital crypto-phone that
provides end-to-end encryption based on a public key system.
Picture this: an ISDN phone that can operate in normal or encrypted mode,
that has a small 20mb 1.8" hard disk or flash eprom card to store the public
keys of all the people that you converse with who have similar phones.  In
fact, it is possible to set up a trusted centralized public key directory
assistance like service, which would contain perhaps everyone's public key,
and could be queried automatically at the beginning of each call.  The 20mb
storage could be a public key storage cache for people you call frequently,
while the public key directory assistance is used for people who you only
plan to call once.  On the other hand, a centralized authority is always
bad when it comes to security.  A PGP-like scheme of decentralized public
key distribution is much safer.  If Bob wants to give Mike's public key
(which is stored in Bob's phone) to Joe, all Bob has to do is call up
Joe, tell Joe that he that he wants to give him's Mike's phone number and
public key. Bob then presses a button on his phone and instantly uploads
Mike's public key to Joe's phone, either via a digital subchannel, or
via the main channel (and interrupt the conversation for a few seconds),
like the old video phones used to do to transmit still frames.

@_date: 1993-02-10 08:47:10
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Compressed/Encrypted Voice using Modems 
Exactly.  v.42/v.42bis packetizes the data stream and, depending on the
CODEC, would have adverse effects on voice quality.
I don't know if CELP requires an error-free transmittion stream from
codec to codec.  If it doesn't then that's great, I hope it self-synchronizes
itself after a byte or two of garbage coming through. Big deal, so you hear
a click or pop of static, so what.. you get that with analog lines.
On the other hand, since this stream will also be encrypted, it is unlikely
that errors could not mangle the entire conversation, and screw up the
encryption.  A single byte of garbage can unsync both encryption/decryption
sides and things could get very messy.
Here's how to deal with error checking/correction.  You CAN use v.42/v.42bis
if both crypto-phones offer somekind of FIFO chip in between the modem and
the crypto-chip.  This can smooth out a packety/bursty stream into a smooth
24kbps data stream. However, the resending of large packets by v.42 might
cause some wierd sound delays similar to what you hear on satellite circuits.
The best solution, as suggested by Miron is to use forward error correction.
There is plenty of bandwidth in a 19.2/21.6/24.0/28.8 kbps connection to
send CELP nybbles or bytes each along with their own ECC code. I believe a
4 bits of CELP would require 3 bits of ECC.  In any case, there is enough
bandwidth on a 19.2 kbps modem carrier to send a fully encrypted and fully
forward error corrected 9600 bps CELP stream. Let's assume we use a 4-bit
ECC code for each 4 bits of data, thus doubling our bandwidth.
Here's how it would look:
                                           9.6kbps    19.2kbps
sending:                                    |           |
                                            v           v voice ----> CELP ------------>     IDEA    --- ECC -------------v             coder    9.6kbps     encryption    coding         raw 19.2                                                              modulation
                                                                v                                                  9.6kbps  19.2k |
receiving:                                        |         |   |
                                                  v         v   |
voice <---- CELP <------------     IDEA       <------ ECC ------+            decoder   9.6kbps     decryption           correction
Thug

@_date: 1993-02-11 08:55:04
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Viral encryption 
As Mr. Ferguson pointed out, polymorphic viruses are making their way into the
DOS world.  This is a problem in the short term, but not in the long term
because people will be changing to memory-protected & file-permission based
operating systems like NT, OS/2 and Unix, where it is very difficult for
most kinds of virus to spread.
I myself am very familiar with the virus underground, so for those who are
not, let me explain the two newest and most deadly virus techniques which
are being seen in the DOS world.
The first is something called "Stealth" viruses.  Stealth viruses imbed
themselves into DOS and intercept disk read calls from applications. If
those read system calls are reading non .EXE or .COM files, then they are
processed normally.  However when an application such as virus scanning
program is reading in .COM and .EXE files (in order to scan them for virus
code), the stealth code in DOS intercepts this and returns to the application
what the .EXE or .COM file would look like if it wasn't infected by the
stealth virus.  Thus, all virus checking programs can be decieved in this
manner.  There are steps to get around this, like booting off of a
write-protected floppy disk (with a clean copy of DOS on it) and running
the virus checking program directly from that floppy.  But people seldom
do that, so the stealth technology is a worthwhile one for virus creators
to pursue.
The second is called "Polymorphic" viruses.  These are viruses which
contain a tiny encryption/decryption engine.  The great thing about
polymorphic viruses is that they encrypt themselves with a different key
each time they replicate (make a new copy of themselves).  The small amount of virus bootstrap code which is not encrypted is changed in each
replication by dispursing random NOP's throughout the virus boostrap code.
Thus each sample of polymorphic virus looks completely different to
virus checking programs.  The virus checking programs cannot use
"signature" byte strings to detect polymorphic viruses.
I have seen something called D.A.M.E., also known as Dark Avenger
Mutation Engine.  This is a freeware polymorphic library/kernel/toolkit
which allows anyone to take an ordinary virus and wrap it in a polymorphic
shell.  Thus each new copy of the virus will look completely different
as it replicates.  D.A.M.E. is a great toolkit for those who want to
release new viruses but don't have the skills to write a virus from
scratch.  DAME works very well with Turbo Assembler and MASM.
I believe that DAME II will be coming out sometime this spring. At
least that is what the author has promised.  Among the new features
will be more powerful encryption, stealth capabilities, and compatibility
with Stacker and DR DOS compressed file systems.  I have read that the
author of DAME and DAME II will be coming out with a Virus Construction
Set, which will allow point-n-click building of new viruses using
object oriented techniques.  It works sort of like a Mr. Potatohead,
you point and click on the parts/modules you want and it builds it for
you.  You select the replication method, stealth capability,
polymorphism, and payload module (there are several payloads, varying
from playing music and showing graphics, to printing a text message on
screan, to complete wipe out of the HD). The really wonderful thing
is that you will be able to build your own modules and link them into
the virus.  I am sure a flourishing of third-party modules will occur.
With the VCS, a 9 year old can build a competely new virus just by
pointing, clicking, and dragging, popping up windows and choosing options.
My oh my, aren't we in for fun times ahead...
Thug

@_date: 1993-02-18 17:30:29
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: Re: toad.com mailing list postings from possible virus authors 
Keith, Kenneth:
I have been busy both cutting a GDB release (which isn't done yet) and
dealing with immediate management needs at my company.  But your
concerns are also of grave concern to me, so I'll take the time to
answer you fully.
I am uninterested in censorship of discussion of *any* topic on
mailing lists through my machine.  Your opinion is that this is
inappropriate use of the Internet.  I own the machine free and clear.
I personally pay its network bills.  If you examine its net
connectivity and the associated connection contracts, you will find
that the machine is attached via a worldwide network that explicitly
promises not to censor any traffic UNLESS AND UNTIL a court of law --
not you -- has decided that that traffic is actually illegal.  And my
machine sends email traffic for any host (other than a short list
known to be on uncensored networks) to uunet, which is explicitly
authorized by NSF to forward uncontrolled outside traffic (e.g. from
uucp sites) into the NSFnet.
You see, I anticipated that third parties would want to control what I
and my friends might want to talk about using this wonderful
networking technolgy.  And we aren't interested in your opinion.
No offense intended, Keith -- I think you have done some truly great
work for the community.  But when you imply that conversations though
my machine are in any way illegal or inappropriate, you've overstepped
my respect for you.
Thank you, Senator McCarthy.  I believe that thug is not
a smart-card-carrying member of the virus authors' guild, but I'm not sure.
I think that the attitude that it's OK for "computer scientists" or
"virus researchers" to talk about viruses, to dissect them in detail,
and to write or modify them, but it isn't OK for anyone else to do so,
is two-faced and objectionable.  Security by obscurity -- forcing
people to be unaware of issues and threats like these, whether by
explicit censorship, pressure on intermediate sites, or by social
ostracism -- not only doesn't remove the threat, but is an affront to
our open society.
If you think that the public should be protected from the *content* of
the particular message that was forwarded to me, I recommend that you
look at recent issues of Info Security News (formerly ISPNews), one of
the better trade rags covering security products.  They seem to be
running an article series by Alan Solomon on exactly how stealth
viruses work, and they provided a lot more details than the overview
posting that came through toad.com.  I've seen articles in the Sep/Oct
and Nov/Dec 1992 issues so far.
Just as important to the cypherpunks posting was the author's
exploration of the impacts on society resulting from the technology
(the movement toward memory-protected and permission-controlled
operating systems, the impacts of automating virus creation so that
children can do it, etc).  The Solomon articles focused completely on
technical issues, leaving the reader in the dark about how to cope
over the next few years.
My own opinion is that viruses are what will finally put a stake
through the heart of DOS.  It's a dirty job, but somebody has to do it.
If true, or even 10% likely, it's something that a hundred million
people had better talk about, so they can prepare for it.

@_date: 1993-02-18 18:25:31
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: toad.com mailing list postings from possible virus authors 
With regard to Mr. Peterson:
I think we are finally seeing the net gestapo coming out of the woodwork.
We all knew they are on the net, we just couldn't pinpoint who exactly
they were.
This Peterson fellow seems to think he is the self-appointed protector of
decency on the net.  I have run across this Peterson fellow before, and
he seems to have this crazed desire to call up (by voice) system
administrators to complain about the net postings and mailing list postings
of users at those sites, and then threaten further action if his demands
are not met.
My previous encounter with Mr. Peterson occurred rather indirectly.
Apparently, a novice user here at phantom.com mistakenly mailed a posting
about gay lifestyles to some mailing list that Mr. Peterson was on.  Being a
net nazi, Mr. Peterson proceeded to call up the sysadm of phantom.com and
threatened to call up phantom.com's feed site (PSInet) complaining about
"inappropriate use of the net" and threatened to ask PSI to cut phantom.com
from the net.  This would not have worked since PSI is a commercial feed
provider, but I can see where this gestapo tactic would work on sites who
get their feeds for free/cheap from universities and other non-commercial
Is this guy on a power trip or something? And who the fuck appointed him
to watch over what is being said on the net?
Re: my virus posting
As you can read from the posting itself, there is nothing in there that
technically allows anyone to write a virus based on my words.  Nor is
there anything in there that encourages people to write viruses.  But
that's not the real issue, even if my post contained such information,
I think I am free to send it along to whever I wish.  The fact that my
post was devoid of such information, only makes Peterson look even more
foolish than he already does.
If anything, my post was meant to be humerous and sarcastic.  Especially
that part about how 9 year olds will be able to point-and-click together
viruses within a year, and how overpaid underachievers like Peterson and
his cronies in the virus-protection-racket are powerless to stop
this from occuring.
I think the other thing that made Peterson fly off the handle was the
fact that I am writing under an alias, an especially offensive one like
"Murdering Thug".  I'm sure if my virus post came from a "respected"
and "approved" individual like McAfee or John Dvorak, he wouldn't have
raised an eyebrow.  In fact Dvorak wrote an Editorial in PC Magazine
about a year back which was VERY similar to my post.  In his editorial
he discussed D.A.M.E. and Stealth viruses, and explained how they worked
in similar detail as I have done.  Did Mr. Peterson write a letter to
PC Magazine to complain?  I think not. He knows that someone like Dvorak
could make him look like the true idiot that he is.
Mr. Peterson, I am glad your are showing your gestapo personality
in front of the entire net.  Your underhanded tactics of threatening
system administrators with harassing voice phone calls will be exposed
to the net community at large, and YOU will be the one who is mocked
and censured, and rightly so.
Murdering Thug

@_date: 1993-02-20 11:12:04
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Free Speech Is Not The Issue, Opression/Harassment Is. 
With regard to the Peterson affair:
I am very glad to read all the responses that I have seen both publically
on the cypherpunks list, and privately in encouraging letters I have
received in mail.  I want to write responses to all these great letters,
but I have received far too many.  I would like to thank all of you who
support first ammendment rights, and who have told me that found my virus
post informative and useful. However, let us really ask ourselves if free speech is the real issue
here.  Yes, I know free speech is a major theme that comes out of all
this, but I don't think that it's the most imporant one.
There are always loonies who wish to yell and hollar about what should
be censored.  Whether it's on the radio like the FCC/Howard Stern affair,
on television, in the movies, on records/tapes/CD's (like Tipper Gore and
her gang).  Those kinds of people will always exist, and I don't see why
people expect them not to exist on Usenet/Internet as well.
What *REALLY* pisses me off about Peterson is his use of underhanded
tactics like threats, intimidation, and harassment.  I don't want to
go toe to toe with Peterson, because when it comes to underhanded tactics,
I can teach him a thing or two, and make his life a living hell should I
decide to do so.  Fortunately for him, I am well beyond that adolescent stage
and mode of thinking.
I think Peterson should realize that there are people out there who can
and will retaliate against him should he harass them in any way.  Just
because so far he has run into compliant and intimidated system admins,
doesn't mean his luck will hold up.  Eventually he will run into someone
who takes this kind of stuff VERY personally, especially if they are
awaken from their nap by a harassing and threatening phone call from Peterson.
If Peterson keeps up his reign of terror, I would not be surprised if he is
not dragged into court one of these days by someone whose personal, moral and
financial interests conflict with Peterson's desire to squash free speech.
A case can easily be made against Peterson in a court of law for harassment,
intimidation, and various civil rights charges having to do with trying to
deny others their constitutional rights.  And I guarantee you that there will
be plenty of system administrators and others who would be happy to testify
against him.
I recommend to Mr. Peterson that he watch his step in trying to step on
other people's constitutional rights. One day he may just step on a
land mine.  I phrase this in terms that a person in the military could
understand. Until such time as Peterson blows his legs off, I think it's up to all of
us to guard free speech by telling all system administrators on the net
about Peterson and his reign of terror, and asking them to publically
expose him each and every time he tries to assault our freedom of speech
through threats, initimidation, and harassment.
Murdering Thug

@_date: 1993-02-24 22:10:40
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: RE: POOR MAN'S ANONYMOUS REMAILER 
Getting an anonymous account on Compuserve, AT&T Mail, MCI Mail or any of
the other major services not only requires a mail drop, but also a number
where they can call you back.  Usually, a voice mailbox will do.  Then
it becomes a question of having enough phony id to get both the drop and
the VMB, usually not a problem considering any cyberpunk worth his wieght
in salt can get access to a 300 dpi color ink jet printer (ie: Deskjet 550C),
a Polaroid camera, and a laminating machine, and put together enough good
looking ID to fool almost anybody.  BTW, don't try using phony ID to get
a U.S. Mail Post Office box, because they are trained to spot that, not
for the reason of preventing people from renting P.O. Boxes but to prevent
people from cashing money orders under false names.
Let us assume that obtaining an account on a major online service or major
e-mail carrier is fairly easy.  The question of traceability can be put
to rest assuming that whatever e-mail provider you choose has offline
messaging capability (ala NuPOP, Eudora, QWK, Compuserve CIM).  Now assume
you have a notebook or handheld PC (like the new Gateway Handbook).  You
can walk up to a payphone, download all your mail, then go to the park
and reply to all the messages while sitting at a park bench eating a
sandwitch and drinking coffee, then go to another payphone, and upload
all your offline mail responses.  Offline mail capability allows one to
EASILY use payphones as points of access.  You can download 50k of new
mail in less than 2 minutes at 2400 baud, and in less than 30 seconds at
9600 baud from a payphone and then go about the rest of your day.
An e-mail upload is even quicker. What could be simpler? However, make sure
not to use a calling card when dialing up your e-mail service provider's
point of presence. It's possible to use coins since the call will rarely
be longer than 3 minutes, and never longer than 5 minutes unless you
have huge uuencoded files coming into your mailbox, in which case it's
probably best to be using a 9600 or 14,400 baud portable modem anyway.
By the way, I think AT&T Mail has an 800 # dial-up that's free of per minute
charges, it's used by people who don't have a local dialup in their area.
I just realized that it's actually possible to be an anonymous UUCP site
in the same manner, since UUCP is nothing more than an advanced offline
download/upload protocol for news/mail/files.  Assuming you can scam
UUNET or PSI or whatever other UUCP provider by giving them false info,
you could actually become a fully mobile, roaming, and anonymous UUCP site..
Scary, ain't it... :)
Murdering Thug

@_date: 1993-02-25 07:17:06
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re:  Poor Man's Anonymous Remailer 
There's an easy way to prevent your number from being passed to an 800
number owner via ANI.  Simply place the call using a TSPS/OSPS ("0") operator.
Say "I'm having trouble dialing 800-xxx-xxxx, could you please place the
call for me?" Once the call goes out over another trunk line, your number
is not passed on.  If you have ever dialed those ANI "Demo" 800 numbers
that read back your number via synthesized voice, and then tried calling
them again using a TSPS operator, you'll know exactly what I'm talking
about. This is at least the way it worked a while ago, I don't know if it
still applies or of they modified TSPS consoles pass on the number.
Perhaps Phiber could clarify this a bit and tell us if this still works,
and if it still works in all areas, or what areas it would not work in.  Still, like I recommended in my previous post, the best way to implement
a poor man's anonymous mailer scheme is to use a notebook/handheld PC
and making all calls from payphones using coins or 800 dial-up, never using
your calling card.
Murdering Thug

@_date: 1993-02-27 16:31:17
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
Try telling this to the person behind the counter when you're trying to rent
a car, rent a hotel room for the night, or rent a mailbox for 6 months.  Not
only do these people often ask for ID, but they get very upset if you're
not paying by credit card.  Discrimination against cash is widespread and
rampant.  Sure, if you bitch enough at them, and threaten to take them to
court, they might allow you to rent a hotel room without ID and paying in
The thing is, they never ask for ID if you're paying by credit card since
they assume the credit card is enough proof of who you are.  But as soon
as you start flashing some paper currency, they immediatly think that you're
up to no good and won't let you purchase their product/service without some
ID.  Hotels, airlines, and car rental companies are notorious for doing this,
especially if they think you're under 21. This brings up the question of using False ID when conducting perfectly legal
transactions, in order to preserve one's privacy.  Can anyone reading this
list with a legal background answer whether this is legal or not?  I am under
the, perhaps erroneous, assumption that it is illegal to use false ID only
when committing a crime (ie: purchasing alcahol while underage, renting a
mail drop specifically for use in mail fraud, gaining admission to private
property using false ID (trespassing)).  However, is it illegal to use
false ID in order to conduct perfectly legal transactions in order to
preserve privacy/anonymity?  How about it, any of you guys associated with
the CPSR, EFF, or ACLU, can you answer this one?
Murdering Thug

@_date: 1993-02-28 06:59:19
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Real life pseudonyms (was re: more ideas on anonymity) 
I remember reading or hearing something similar as it applies in the United
States.  It seems that, as long as you're not committing a crime or a fraud,
in the process, you may identify by whatever name you wish. Can anyone with
a legal background confirm or deny this?
However, I am wondering if it also legal to present false ID in order to
insure your privacy/anonymity.  And isn't misrepresenting your true identity
considered to be a fraud in and of itself?
For instance, can I walk into a U.S. bank, present false ID, and obtain a
checking account to use for legitimate reasons?  How about a credit card?
Is this legal? I mean, I'm not stealing any money/products/services from
anybody, I'm only using a pseudonym.

@_date: 1993-02-28 17:58:11
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re:  Real life pseudonyms (was re: more ideas on anonymity) 
Yes, I know they don't want me to do this because they don't respect my
privacy.  Not because I am doing anything illegal.  If I pay my taxes on
the money, I should be allowed to stash it anywhere I fucking please.
I never said the checking account would be used for tax evasion.  Assuming,
I pay taxes on all my income, I don't see why it should be illegal to deposit it in a checking account under, let us say, my dogs name. Hell, there
are these old ladies who die and leave all their money to their cats, right?
So I assume the cats must have somekind of bank accounts / trusts.  What if
I want to set up a bank account for my dog? I don't see why that should
be illegal.  I mean if it's a problem with setting up accounts under
non-existant people's identities, one could always use the family pet as
the bank account holder.

@_date: 1993-03-02 15:52:27
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: tapping 
[stuff deleted]
And patents it!  Gee, I wonder if I patent the RF transmittion, and start
charging licensing fees like Watson does with inductance.  Hell, some guy
has a patent on using XOR in making inverse cursors on CRTs.

@_date: 1993-03-02 15:56:52
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Textual analysis 
I believe that such programs already exist. They are used to identify
unknown authors of famous documents.  I believe some of Shakespeare's
work was under close scrutiny a number of years ago, as were the
Fedaralist papers.
There was an article in Byte about three or four years ago all about
this kind of technology.
Thug

@_date: 1993-03-11 07:36:39
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Hiding Encrypted Messages 
I think it would be quite easy to hide encrypted text in music/sound or
graphics files.
In order to do it with sampled music/sound:
1.  Use a SoundBlaster-type card to sample a given amount of music from a
radio/tape/cd/whatever using 8-bit samples at some low sampling rate
like 11,000 samples/second. This would give you a lot of music for the
space used.
2. Then take an encrypted PGP file and dispurse it bit-by-bit into the
LSB (least-significant-bit) of each sample.  This wouldn't distort the
sound sample to any extent noticable by the human ear.  Thus each byte
of PGP file would be dispursed into 8 bytes of sound file.  Thus if
you wanted to send a 20k PGP file, you would have to put it into a
160k music file. If you're ever forced to explain what that file contains (unlikely, since
you can always take the Fifth Ammendment) you can just play it on your
computer and have the NSA/SS/FBI/Whatever listen to James Brown go
"Hyeeeah... I feel good!"
+---------------+     +-------------------------------------------------+
  *****       ___\!/_   *         *     *     *  |
 Murdering Thug       |    *      __/_  /|\    * *       *      *   *   |
    *     /    \        *   *     *       * *    |
thug      |    *    |      |       *     *   *        *     |
    *     \____/        *       * *        *     |
  *****                 *         *        *     |
+---------------+     +-------------------------------------------------+

@_date: 1993-03-11 18:59:00
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: [CRYPT: Dingaling Denning & random # generators] 
Why not send your PGP encoded files using V.27 or whatever the 9600
baud fax transmittion modulation is?  By the year 2000, there will
be around 40 million fax machines in the U.S.  Assuming the FBI/NSA/ASPCA
can tell apart voice from fax by scanning all the phone trunks in the U.S.
with high speed parallel computers, it wouldn't help them if there are
around 100 million fax transmissions taking place each day.  No way in
hell are they going to pick up your signal from the other 99,999,999 fax
transmissions taking place that day, and then spend the rest of their
lives trying to crack your PGP message.
The same can be said about modems.  If Prodigy, America Online, and
Compuserve keep up their newbie recruitment pace, about 50% of the homes
in the U.S. will have modems by the year 2000.  And don't tell me they can
build computers that can distinguish between a PGP file transmission and some
hormone crazed 15 year old dork downloading the latest GIF of Cindy Crawford
or a ZIPed ware.  I've looked at hexdumps of GIFs and ZIPs and for all
practical purposes they look about as random as PGP data.  If the NSA
can build a parellel computer that scans all the trunks in the U.S.
simultaneously AND can tell the difference between PGP streams and ZIP/GIF
file data streams, then I just might as well go and shoot myself right

@_date: 1993-03-29 05:40:09
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: PGP: Improvements needed. 
I like PGP 2.2 a lot, but I think there is still much room for improvement.
I would like to throw the following suggestions on the table and open up
a discussion on them:
Here is what I think needs to be done:
- PGP needs the talked about "stealth" mode, wherein PGP encrypted files
  and documents contain no PGP header.  This would allow the embedding
  of PGP documents into files containing "white noise static" data,
  or into the LSBs of graphic and sound files.
- PGP needs to use a better compression algorithm.  From what I know,
  I believe PGP currently uses LZW (the same algorithm as in the Unix
  compress utility).  Anyone who has used Gnuzip (aka: gzip) knows that
  LZW typically compresses text files down to only 40-45% of their
  original size, while LZ77 (the algorithm in gzip) compresses text
  files down to 30% or less of their original size.  Clearly LZ77 not
  only saves space, but improves the entropy/randomness of the
  cyphertext, making PGP that much harder to crack.
- PGP needs a version or front end for the masses.  A point-and-click
  version or front end that runs under DOS.  I know there are really good
  front ends for pkzip for DOS, so how come someone doesn't write a front
  end for pgp2.2?  I would also suggest a Windows version, but that is
  not as important as having a really user friendly DOS version.
Hopefully, by PGP 2.5 or 3.0, these things will happen. But I'd like to
see them in 2.3 if possible.

@_date: 1993-07-09 12:47:23
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Hmm...hardware secure phone? 
How about just feeding the 16kbps stream to either a DES chip or a
microcontroller programmed for IDEA encryption/decryption?  And don't
even bother with 14.4.  Zyxel modems can do 16.8 & 19.2kbps full duplex.
But Zyxel's modulation is proprietary.  A new standard called v.32terbo
has emerged which standardizes 16.8 and 19.2 modulation - I believe some
of AT&T's new modems support v.32terbo.  Down the road a bit 21.6, 24.4 & 28.8
modulation (v.FAST) will be more common.  The way I see it, the hassle of
squeezing 16kbps into a 14.4kbps bandwidth pipe is not worth the agrivation
when you can pipe it straight into a Zyxel or v.32terbo modem right now.
They all do, some chips even go as high as several megabits per second for
DES.  I don't know of any chips that do RSA though.

@_date: 1993-07-28 15:36:56
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Info wanted on DVP & DVG 
Does anyone out there have any technical specs and/or prices and/or
purchasing restrictions on Motorola's "Digital Voice Privacy" (DVP) and
General Electric's "Digital Voice Guard" (DVG) radio systems?  From what I
know, these are supposed to be DES encrypted voice radio systems used by
federal agencies like the DEA, FBI, SS, ATF, and perhaps the CIA.
I'm assuming that there are purchasing restrictions on these systems.  Are
there similar systems that are made by companies outside of the U.S.,
which perhaps could be imported without restriction and/or registration
with the NSA or Customs?

@_date: 1993-07-30 12:02:56
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Tracing Cash 
There's a quick cure for those who are paranoid about spending bar coded
money; make sure the bills you spend at stores were not given to you by a
bank teller or ATM.  Since "getting change" (ie: converting $20 bills to
$10 bills at stores) is theoretically traceable if the store in question
processes a "making change" transaction by barscanning the input bills and
output bills and submitting the record of that transaction to some agency
or clearinghouse operated by the government (U.S. Treasury Dept?) or banks
(Federal Reserve).  Don't tell me this is not possible, because it is, try
purchasing a postal money order over $1500 at a U.S. Post office, and
you'll see that they ask for valid ID before completing the transaction. We're getting closer to a Big Brother electronically monitored economy
with each day.  Bar coding money is just one more step in that direction,
and certainly far more palateble to the American public than outlawing
cash alltogether, which is why I think the Treasury Dept. might do it soon.
Getting back to bar coded money, and how to avoid traceable transactions,
I can see an underground business of "money changers", people who act sort
of like cash shuffling agents. Here's how it would work: A person obtains
some cash at an ATM from his acount.  He'd like to spend the cash to buy
liquor, but doesn't want his bank to see any of his bills coming back in
the form of a deposit from a liquor store (such juicy info could be
re-sold by the bank to a insurance company clearinghouse/database).  So,
instead the person goes to a money changer.  The money changer takes the
cash from the customer and gives him some new cash, charging a small
transaction fee (1-5%?).  The money changer works by deposits the
customers bills into his own account, and withdrawing fresh bills from his
own account via ATM, the fresh bills are to be given to other customers of
the money changer.  Thus, there will exist two types of cash in such an
arrangement, "traceable" cash (cash withdrawn from a regular person's
account), and "untraceable" cash (cash withdrawn from a money changer's
account). The job of the money changer is to sell untraceable cash in
exchangefor traceable cash.  Such money changing businesses (if not made
illegal by laws) could operate accross the street from major banks, and
provide a valuable service (giving cash the anonymity it enjoys now).
BTW, cash can be traced even without bar codes, since serial numbers can
be read by OCR.  I'm assuming banks *already* scan all incoming cash
for serial numbers looking for money from unsolved bank heists, and
alerting the FBI/SS when a customer deposits such bills, so that the
FBI/SS can then interogate a chain of people leading up to the original
spender of the bill, much in the way the SS catches counterfeiters.

@_date: 1993-07-30 13:05:52
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Tracing Cash 
It used to be that just $50 and $100 bills had that vertical stripe, but now
it has reached $10 and $20 bills as well.  Also, notice the small text
around the border of the portrait of the bill, this small text can't be
copied too well with color copiers.  However, what is printed on the
stripe is not a serial number, but "USA TEN USA TEN..." on $10 bills, and
similarly USA TWENTY for $20, USA FIFTY for $50...
There are big time rumors about the vertical stripe embedded in the paper
though.  The government says it's for making counterfeiting more
difficult, but how come they just didn't use a watermark like they do on
the new postal money orders? A watermark is far more difficult to forge
than an embedded stripe, although anyone who has knowledge of making his
own paper knows that both are quite easy to do.  A rumor however has it
that the vertical stripe is a tracer material, and emits a distinguishing
signal when exposed to radiation or certain RF signals.  The use of such a
stripe could be used to catch people who try to bring large amounts of
cash past U.S. Customs without declaring it.  Thus cash would show up on
these detectors as easily as an Colt .45 does in an X-ray of your baggage.

@_date: 1993-07-30 13:47:31
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: money tracing 
The black ink that is used to print the front side of U.S. cash contains a
very finely ground black iron oxide powder.  The ink is magnetic.  This
magnetism is used mostly by vending & change machines to distinguish real
bills from forgeries/photocopies.
A vending machine that accepts paper money typically has three tests for
cash validity.
          1. A digital image scan and imagage signature comparison.
             This test also determines the denomination of the bill.
             (good photocopies of bills can get past this test)
          2. Ultraviolet light test.  Real bills (printed on non-chemically
             treated paper) do not glow.  Most other papers, especially
             chemically whitened papers do glow, and are flagged as fakes.
          3. Magnetic ink detection.  Real bills are printed with magnetic
             ink, forgeries/photocopies are not.

@_date: 1993-08-01 18:02:26
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Sterilized Medflies of Crypto 
The whole argument over whether or not the algorithm is secure is a wild
goose chase designed by the NSA.  Yes, it's a fucking ploy in case anyone
hasn't realized it.  They can bring in D. Denning and a dozen other
"cryptographic experts" to analyze the algorithm and say "We find this
algorithm to be free of backdoors." *FIRST*, any hacker worth his weight
in mud knows that an algorithmic backdoor is several hundred orders of
magnitude harder to unearth than it is to create/bury in an algorithm.  If
Denning and the others say the algorithm is good, that doesn't mean that a
backdoor doesn't exist, only that they haven't found it. *SECONDLY*, let
us give the NSA and FBI the benefit of the doubt, and assume that there is
no back door in the _algorithm_. HOWEVER, there is no way for us to know
if a backdoor in the _chip_ will be designed onto the production IC mask,
one that can disable the algorithm by remote control (a secret 64-bit code
sent down the phone line to your phone telling it to turn your Skipjack
chip off).  Remote control of the chip is but one method of building a
backdoor into the chip that has nothing to do with the algorithm, and of
course there are hundreds of others.  Is Denning and the crew authorized
to inspect the chip fabrication IC masks that will be used for
manufacturing the _actual_ chips?  Assuming they are allowed to inspect
the hardware design (I'm sure this will be the second wild goose chase to
prove to the American public that the chip is secure), the NSA/FBI can
just as easily show the "experts" the IC mask of a chip without the
hardware backdoor, and then tell the manufacturers produce chips with the
hardware backdoor. I hope that the press is aware of the above and are not buying into the
government's bullshit and wild goose chases designed to prove something
secure which inherently cannot be proved secure simply because it is
manufactured in secret.  I have not seen this idea mentioned in the press
so I assume they are unaware of how many low down tricks the NSA is
willing to stoop to in order to get this chip to be trusted by the
American public.

@_date: 1993-08-02 10:48:52
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: SKIPJACK PANEL 
This is but one of the obvious flaws in the whole Clipper scheme.
I think the whole Clipper debate can be boiled down to this one
important fact:
                  * It is not in the interest of the NSA for
                    Clipper/Skipjack to be secure, therefore
                    they will find a way to make sure that
                    either the algorithm or the chip itself
                    contains a NSA backdoor before the chip
                    is sold to the American public.
The whole escrow scheme is an obvious wild goose chase as well.  We all
know that the NSA operates by importing large amounts of information
(oceans of data) and uses it's computers to extract the goodies.  The
would not be able to do this if they had to obtain a warrant for each
conversation that constitutes a part of the ocean of data.  The whole
escrow aspect of the system is obviously bogus.
To review:  1) The key escrow aspect is a wild goose chase.
            2) The security of the algorithm is also a wild goose chase.
            3) The backdoor must be in the chip hardware itself.
Therefore even if Clinton and the NSA deside to make the two key escrow
agents the E.F.F. and the A.C.L.U, and Denning and her crew declare the
algorithm to be secure, I will still advocate a complete boycott of the
Clipper/Skipjack technology because the backdoor will be in those
tamper-proof chips.

@_date: 1993-08-09 18:16:41
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: re: Secure voice software issues 
I noticed you mentioned that you will be using key rings in your
cryptophones, so here's an idea I think would be great for cryptophones. This is a simple solution to the key-exchange problem.  Cryptophone users
would not need to exchange keys beforehand nor need to store other
people's public keys on their cryptophone. - Every cryptophone user has a public and private key pair (like in RSA or
  PGP)
- When a person calls another person, the phones automatically exchange their
  public keys before the voice conversation begins.  Obviously the private
  keys are never transmitted.
With this method, all one needs to initiate a secure telephone
conversation is the phone number of whoever you're calling, just like
using a regular telephone.  I am assuming this is how Clipper/Skipjack
phones would do this.  I hope your cryptophone software does this as well,
since I don't want to or need to keep keyrings full of public keys of
everyone I might ever have to call.

@_date: 1993-08-26 11:05:47
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Commercial PGP: Verifying Trustworthiness 
Here's a real simple way to verify the trustworthiness of the commercial
version of PGP.  It's a bidirectional comparison of outputs.
1) Have freeware PGP generate a set of keys.
2) Using keys from (1) encrypt several files using both conventional and
   public key encryption using freeware PGP _and_ commercial PGP, then
   compare the output byte-for-byte of both to see if they match up.
3) Have commercial PGP generate a set of keys.
4) Using keys from (3) encrypt several files using both conventional and
   public key encryption using freeware PGP _and_ commercial PGP, then
   compare the output byte-for-byte of both to see if they match up.
Basically, if both commercial PGP and freeware PGP produce exactly the
same encrypted files as output based on the same keys, and if you have
the source code and can trust freeware PGP, then it can be stated that
commercial PGP is secure.  I'm no expert on mathematical proofs, but the
above seems very logical to me.
I'm assuming the NSA will pressure ViaCrypt to put in a backdoor.  One
possible backdoor that can be placed inside the commercial PGP and still
allow it to pass the above test is if commericial PGP secretly writes all
keys and pass phrases to a block on your hard disk, and marks that
block as used to the file system.  In order to prevent you from scanning
your hard disk and finding that block, the information stored there could
be encrypted by a key which the NSA has in it's possession.
I would never use commercial PGP because I do not place inherent trust in
programs which come with no source code, and commercial PGP doesn't come
with source code.

@_date: 1993-08-28 22:16:11
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Free Electronic Cash 
If you don't want your number being passed via ANI to the 800 number owner
and don't want it to appear on their monthly 800 bill statement, simply
use your local "0" operator to place the 1-800 call for you, it's free.
Simply state "Operator, I'm having problems dailing this call..etc.."
Readers of comp.dcom.telecom and 2600 magazine already know about this
neat little trick.  You can prove it to yourself by calling Full
Disclosure's 800 ANI Demo line (800-235-1414) first without using an
operator, and then with an operator and compare the results.
If you call Dial-A-Mattress (1-800-MATTRESS) with your ANI blocked they
will get crazy on you and hang up.  They are so used to seeing your number
on their screen, that when they can't, they go berzerk.  The reason they
have live ANI is because apparently they are a big target for pranksters
(pranksters ordering mattresses to other peoples houses instead of pizzas,
like the pranksters of years past).
I just sent $10 cash to them.  Better them than the corrupt EFF which
has been accepting kickbacks/bribes from AT&T and Pac Bell. Speaking of
which, has anyone bothered to contact the EFF/CPSR/ACLU about this case? It seems like a perfect 1st Ammendment issue, and I would personally love
to see the pigs who raided Mr. Elansky lose their jobs because of these
outrageous civil rights violations.

@_date: 1993-08-30 19:09:26
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Free Electronic Cash 
True or False, the EFF accepted money from AT&T in return for the EFF's
support on various issues/bills before congress wherein AT&T came out on
top in it's effort to commercialize parts of the Internet for it's own
monetary gain?  I've that's not bribery and corruption of what otherwise
is supposed to be a non-profit organization, then I don't know what is.
'nuf said.

@_date: 1993-09-01 10:19:23
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: NY TAXES CYBERSPACE, CRAM REACTS 
So, what this means is that companies which produce information products
printed on paper (Newspapers, Magazines, etc..), and who contribute to
pollution (both as paper waste and as emissions into the environment in
the manufacturing, printing and transport of paper) and deforrestation pay
only a 4% sales tax to the state, while companies which sell information
electronically and produce no pollution or deforrestation pay a 9% tax to
the state.  Now there's a real insentive not to pollute the environment, NOT!
Cuomo is a FUCKING IDIOT! There, I've said it...
Il Duce must be pulled from his comfy office, hung upside down in a public
square in Albany, and repeatedly shot with high caliber weapons, and then
beaten to a pulp with baseball bats.
p.s. Mario, if you're reading this, repeal the tax now, you fucking bastard!

@_date: 1993-09-14 00:58:51
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: warez garbage cluttering  the  screen 
1) The fl0w of wArEz keeps the universe in perfect harmony.  Without wArEz
there would be no life as we know it.  And just because you are a rich fat
fuck who can afford to plunk down $795 for a copy of Pagemaker, you
shouldn't take a moral stance against those who cannot afford such
extortion yet need these software tools to keep up technologically with
rich fat fucks like yourself. 2) wArEz have A LOT to do with Cypherpunks.  Software, pirated or
otherwise has value, and as such it must be considered as a form of
digital money.  One may trade encrypted wArEz anonymously over anonymous
mailing lists, FSP/FTP sites, newsgroups like the proposed alt.waste, and
BlackNet.  wArEz _are_ digital gold coins, they have inherent value,
unlike useless encrypted random number certificates advocated by others. 3) I don't give a flying fuck if you pay for your DL time.  If you're
stupid enough to be using AOL as your Internet port of entry, then you
deserve to be ripped off by Compuserve's evil bastard cousin.  Why don't
you point and click yourself a new brain, and join a flat-rate system like
Netcom or any of the hundred other public access internet sites. Support the
small entrepreneurs instead of those lazy fat bastard nazi censors at AOL.

@_date: 1993-09-29 08:41:45
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Triple DES Wanted 
I'm looking for a Triple DES file encryption program that takes arguments
in the same form as /bin/crypt or /usr/bin/des.  Is there a /bin/3des out
there somewhere?  Has anyone come across 3des.c?  And if so, can you
point me in the direction where it may be found.  Thanks..
If no such program exists, I think it would be very useful to the
cypherpunks community if it were made available.  I'd also like to see a
similar stand-alone version of IDEA (/usr/bin/idea?), but since it is
patented, that's probably not going to happen, which is why I'm looking
for something like /bin/3des. l8r, thug

@_date: 1993-09-30 18:02:28
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: POISON PILL 
Simple.  Wire yourself up a peripheral bus card (ISA for PCs or NuBus for
Macs) that contains a software/interrupt triggered relay.  That relay is
wired to a stick of dynamite, an electric match (available in hobby
rocketry stores), and a 9v battery all glued to the peripheral bus card.
If a stick of dynamite is not available, you may use a pipe bomb filled
with flash powder from emptied m-80's.  Then write yourself a boot-up
password program that will trigger the bomb if the wrong password is
entered.  A 10" pipe bomb should make any PC or Mac quite useless in a
matter of microseconds.  For added effect, the pipe bomb may be strapped
to the underside of the hard disk in your computer to make sure that data
recovery is out of the question.

@_date: 1993-11-15 10:30:31
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: "Root Canal" questions 
Having just been informed that I'm to undergo this procedure in 4 days
time, I really really appreciate you telling me that it hurts.
Seriously, I think "Root Canal" must mean what it says.  Root Canal. A
canal is a channel, a pathway.  Root, in unix terminoligy means one who
can read anything on a system.  Thus Root Canal would allow the FBI to
have a channel with full read privilages to all information in a system,
namely the phone system.  Root Canal therefore is the same as Big Brother
in Orwellian terminology.

@_date: 1993-11-17 09:34:21
@_author: Murdering Thug 
@_subject: Re: Tech: Truth about Canon Copiers (fwd) 
Change-making machines also do a test to see if the ink used to print the
money is magnetic (on real money it is magnetic, however copier toner is
not), as well as shine a UV light to see if the paper glows (most
chemically whitened paper glows under UV light, but U.S. currency paper
does not). If you use non-chemically whitened paper and put MICR (magnetic) toner
into the copier, you can VERY EASILY fool the change machines.  Trust me
on this one :)
