
@_date: 1993-06-28 09:10:48
@_author: John Gilmore 
@_subject: 1st Amendment vs. ITAR:  bibliography 
We sent this off to the State Dept. today.
June 28, 1993
Clyde Bryant
Foreign Affairs Officer
Compliance Division
Bureau of Politico-Military Affairs
Office of Defense Trade Controls
U.S. Department of State
PM/ODTC SA-6 Rm. 200
Washington, DC  20522
Dear Mr. Bryant:
Mr. Dan Cook told my client, Mr. John Gilmore, that you and
the Compliance Division of the Office of Defense Trade Controls
are presently reviewing aspects of the International Traffic in
Arms Regulations (ITAR) with respect to First Amendment
questions.  My client volunteered to send some law review
articles in order that all relevant materials be available to you in
this review.
I am pleased to provide you with some materials which you
may find useful in your review.  They address First Amendment
and other constitutional issues raised by the Arms Export Control
Act, the ITAR, and the Export Administration Act.
We believe that information about cryptography, including
research papers, discussion of cryptographic algorithms, and
implementations in source-code form, is protected speech within
the meaning of the First Amendment.  We also believe that the
export controls of the ITAR violate the First Amendment
because they infringe the rights of cryptographers to speak and
publish freely.  The licensing procedure amounts to prior
restraint.  The laws and regulations are vague and overbroad.
I have enclosed the following materials:
1.	Ferguson, Scientific Inquiry and the First Amendment,
64 CORNELL L.REV. 639 (1979)
2.	Note, National Security Controls on the Dissemination
of Privately Generated Scientific Information, 30
U.C.L.A. L. REV. 405 (1982)
3.	Cheh, Government Control of Private Ideas -- Striking a
Balance Between Scientific Freedom and National
Security, 23 JURIMETRICS J. 1 (1982)
4.	Greenstein, National Security Controls on Scientific
Information, 23 JURIMETRICS J. 50 (1982)
5.	Alexander, Preserving High-Tech Secrets:  National
Security Controls on University Research and Teaching,
15 LAW & POL'Y IN INT'L BUS. 173 (1983)
6.	Wilson, National Security Control of Technological
Information, 25 JURIMETRICS J. 109 (1985)
7.	John Harmon, Assistant Attorney General, Office of
Legal Counsel, Department of Justice, Memorandum to
Dr. Frank Press, Science Advisor to the President, Re:
Constitutionality Under the First Amendment of ITAR
Restrictions on Public Cryptography (May 11, 1978).
This memorandum was reprinted in The Government's
Classification of Private Ideas:  Hearings before a Subcomm. of
the House Comm. on Government Operations, 96th Cong., 2d
Sess., 268-84 (1980).  These hearing transcripts were
accompanied by a House Report.  House Comm. on Gov't
Operations, The Government's Classification of Private Ideas,
H.R. REP. NO. 1540, 96TH CONG., 2D SESS. (1980).  We strongly
recommend that you read both the hearing transcripts and the
summary report.
We hope that these materials will assist you in formulating a
constitutional export control policy for scientific research in
general and for cryptography in particular.  Please do not hesitate
to contact me if you wish to engage in further exchanges.
Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John
     Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1993-10-25 17:20:20
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: FOIA lawsuit re Clipper 
John Gilmore wanted me to let the list know that there will be a
hearing this Friday, Oct. 29, at the Federal Courthouse at 450
Golden Gate in SF, around 9:30 am (time is always unclear), in
his FOIA suit against the FBI/DOJ re release of documents in the
Clipper Chip matter.
Very briefly, we have received some mostly uninteresting documents
regarding Clipper so far.  We moved for an index of the withheld
documents and for expedited processing.  The gov't response was to move for a stay of proceedings until
early 1997.  That's not a typo-- almost 4 years!
We sent them some discovery as to their FOIA processing, and
they then moved for a protective order barring discovery.
So basically, what we're going to be arguing about on Friday
is whether the case moves forward, or gets put on hold until
the FBI gets around to processing John's request.  John encourages interested cypherpunks to attend.  He will not
be there himself.  Feel free to e-mail me, Lee Tien, for details.  I prefer to
be reached at tien
Lee Tien

@_date: 1993-11-10 09:03:57
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: hearing on Nov. 15 at 10 am in Gilmore v. NSA case 
Many of you know of John Gilmore's Freedom of Information Act lawsuit
against NSA, which was written up in WIRED.
In September, Judge Henderson dismissed the case, ruling that there
was no claim for an injunction against NSA for its regular, routine
failure to respond to FOIA requests within the time limits provided
by the law.  John has moved for reconsideration of the dismissal on a variety of
legal grounds.  The hearing on Monday 11/15 10 a.m. is in Courtroom
12, on the 19th floor of the U.S. Courthouse, 450 Golden Gate Ave.,
San Francisco.  Lee Tien

@_date: 1994-01-25 07:36:52
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: for interesting people -- Sunday NYTimes Mag re:  encryption 
Sunday's NYTMagazine had an amusing bit in its "Sunday" column, titled:
HTIJX KTW PNIX
"The scrambling and decoding of electronic communication is one of the hottest issues in cyberpolitics.  The Government would like to have
the key to all communications.  Export of cryptographic software is
restricted.  Both software companies and independent groups like the
Cypherpunks argue for the rights of individual privacy."
"All of which makes Microsoft's new Creative Writer software for
children intriguing.  It includes some primitive cryptographic tools
to enable kids to encode what they write ... to hide it from curious
siblings and F.B.I. agents."
What surprised me was the next line -- "Theoretically, this product
would come under export restrictions, even though the code would not
challenge a spy, let alone a bright 9-year-old."
After explaining what a Caesar substitution cipher is, the bit goes
on to note that "Presumably, Microsoft will not face any difficulties in exporting its product even though it comes from
the K.G.B. (Kids Games Business) at Microsoft.  On the other hand,
it does instruct the youth of America in the basics of electronic
In case you're wondering, the encrypted phrase is "Codes for Kids."
Lee Tien

@_date: 1994-01-26 13:12:08
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re:  Crypto and 4th A. 
Roy:  I'm a lawyer, and I've not run across any law review articles that discuss cryptography in relation to privacy or Fourth Amendment rights.  The classic treatise on Fourth Amendment search and seizure is by LaFave.  I haven't looked at it recently, but it might discuss crypto.  One "brute-force" approach to the legal literature is to go to the law library and scan the Index to Legal Periodicals, which is organized by subject as well as author.  I don't think you'll find anything under crypto, but you'll find LOTS of stuff about the Fourth Amendment.  It'll take time, but by scanning the titles of the articles you'll be able to tell if there's anything about crypto.  Some law libraries also have an index of recent articles on CD-
ROM, which is easier to search but is typically less Also check under the name Tribe, L.  Tribe is the nation's leading constitutional scholar IMHO and at the first Conference on Computers, Freedom and Privacy he gave a talk on "technology and the Constitution."  I don't recall his talking about crypto at all, but he did use as an example the cases involving privacy and wiretapping, i.e., Olmstead v. U.S., Katz v. U.S.
Katz is the case which set forth the notion of "reasonable expectation of privacy."  (REP)  Tribe was a Supreme Court clerk who worked on this opinion, I believe.
Tribe's one-volume treatise, "American Constitutional Law," briefly discusses constitutional dimensions of privacy law in one section.  It is good, but only current up to 1988, as I recall.
Having said that, it becomes obvious that you may want to focus on the law of REP and how it intersects with technological change.  For instance, advocates of Digital Telephony, Clipper et al often make the argument that "we're only trying to maintain the status quo -- we just want to keep the existing practical balance that comes from most communications being plaintext."
Yet in the same discussion -- almost in the same breath -- the same advocates of "maintaining the status quo" will remind you that you have NO REP in such things as your hair fibers, DNA obtained from saliva under a postage stamp, etc., and therefore "we don't need a search warrant."  Clearly, forensic technologies have improved greatly over the years, but the law has not consistently followed a "status quo" approach.  Law enforcement is better described as having a "ratchet" approach; they want to keep all the gains from improvements in forensic and surveillance technology, but not the losses.  (I am indebted to Mike Godwin of EFF for this point, which he made publicly in a panel with an Assistant U.S. Attorney back in January.)
BTW, keep in mind that there's an (arguably) crucial difference between the privacy implications of something like hair fiber or DNA forensic analysis and encryption/decryption relative to communications.  Analyzing my hair fibers reveals no information about anyone else.  With most communications there is a threat to the privacy of more than one person.  I'm curious -- what's the thesis or general thrust of your article?  I could say more, but that's probably enough for now.  We can take this discussion to e-mail rather than the list if Cypherpunks find it too tangential.  Lee Tien

@_date: 1994-02-09 19:00:14
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Whit Diffie's comments 
A few days ago John Gilmore forwarded some comments from Whit.
I was curious about one in particular, where Whit said:
"Despite all the assurances, there is another trap door in the algorithm that will be used in reading foreign traffic.  A publicly
[sic] explainable mechanism is needed if the intercepts are to be used
in court, but not if they are to be 'Handled Via COMINT Channels Only.'"
I don't understand this comment -- at least I don't think I do.  Is
this a reference to some provision of federal law or a secret directive?
I dimly recall from my reading of Bamford, or some other book about the intelligence agencies, that there's a statutory "NSA exception"
re electronic interceptions.  Is that what's being referred to here?
If so, can anyone provide a citation?  I'd like to take a look at it.
Lee Tien

@_date: 1994-02-25 12:58:42
@_author: 510 
@_subject: I have FOIA'd the Clipper Key Escrow databases 
There appears to be no FOIA exemption that would justify withholding
the key escrow databases which Treasury and NIST are building.  (The
keys are not tied to any individual, so individual privacy isn't a
valid exemption.  The database isn't classified.  Etc.)  I have asked
for a copy of each database, in toto.  Letters were sent yesterday.
One is reproduced below; the other is identical except for the
addressee and minor details.
You too can do things like this.  It's fun and it occasionally
produces highly useful information.  Just think of something that the
government knows, and has written down on paper, that you want to
know.  Ask them for it.  You have the right to know.  They're spending
your taxes to subjugate you, and they're required to answer, though
almost all agencies do it grudgingly.  Post your request to the net,
so that we-all will know it's happening, and can be inspired to think
of other interesting things to ask for.
You don't need all the boilerplate below about exemptions and time
limits and stuff; that is to put the agencies on notice that we will
push them in court, if necessary, to be responsive.  Or you can use
our boilerplate in your own requests, if you like.  Alter the "media
requester" section to suit your own situation.
law office of
Lee Tien
1452 Curtis Street
Berkeley, California  94702
_______________   tien      voice:  (510) 525-0817
fax:  (510) 525-3015
February 24, 1994
Reference:  KEY ESCROW DATABASE-TREASURY
Departmental Disclosure Office
Department of the Treasury
Room 1054-MT
Washington, D.C.  20220
ATTN:  FOIA request
Dear Sir or Madam:
This is a request under the Freedom of Information Act [5 U.S.C. Sec. 552] on behalf of my client, Mr. John Gilmore.  I write to request a copy of all agency records or portions thereof, in electronic or other form, which relate to the database of escrowed key components for encryption using the key escrow encryption method.  The Attorney General announced on Friday, February 4, 1994, that the Automated Systems Division of the Department of the Treasury will be one of the two escrow agents.  This request includes your database of the escrowed key components.  This request also includes any ancillary information about the database, such as data formats, procedures, standards, access methods, memos and documents about its use, access software, plans, etc.  If the database itself is stored in encrypted form, then this request also includes the computer programs and keys required to access it. We specifically request that you make the database available in electronic form, such as on magnetic tape.  We remind you that the long-standing rule that the FOIA "makes no distinction between records maintained in manual and computer storage systems," Yeager v. D.E.A., 678 F.2d 315, 321 (D.C.Cir. 1982), has recently been amplified in Armstrong v. Executive Office of the President, 810 F.Supp. 335 (D.D.C. 1993).  Any paper print-outs of electronic records, such as e-mail, must include all information in the electronic record.  Assuming that there would be no loss of releasable information, such as written comments made on paper print-outs, we therefore ask you to release all responsive electronic records in electronic, i.e., machine-readable, form.  As you know, the FOIA provides that an agency must make an initial determination of whether to comply with a FOIA request within ten working days of receiving the request.  If the records that you possess were originated or classified by another organization, I ask that your organization declassify them (if needed) and release them to me, as provided in the FOIA, within the statutory time limits.  If there is a conflict between the statutory time limits and some regulation or policy that requires you to refer the records, the statutory requirement takes precedence over any Executive-branch regulation, policy or practice.  Congress placed a limit on the time which may be expended in referrals.  The FOIA explicitly provides that referrals to other interested agencies or agency components are treated under the provision for "unusual circumstances," and cannot justify a delay of more than an additional 10 working days.  5 U.S.C. Sec. 552(a)(6)(B)(iii).   "[W]hen an agency receives a FOIA request for 'agency records' in its possession it must take responsibility for processing the request.  It cannot simply refuse to act on the ground that the documents originated elsewhere."  McGehee v. C.I.A., 697 F.2d 1095, 1110 (D.C. Cir. 1983).   Even records originated by other agencies are subject to immediate release under the applicable case law, if they were at the time of the request in the possession and control of your agency.
Simply put, the FOIA and the case law take precedence over executive branch regulations or practices regarding referrals.  If you do refer documents to any other agency, and they are not provided within the time limits, we intend to litigate on this As you know, the FOIA provides that even if some requested material is properly exempted from mandatory disclosure, all segregable portions must be released.  [5 U.S.C. Sec. 552(b)]  If any or all material covered by this request is withheld, please inform me of the specific exemptions that are being claimed, and mark all deletions to indicate the exemption(s) being claimed to authorize each individual withholding.  If the (b)(3) exemption is claimed, please indicate the relevant withholding statute(s).
If any records are withheld, I request a Vaughn index or its equivalent during the administrative process.  "[T]he objective of the Vaughn requirements, to permit the requesting party to present its case effectively, is equally applicable to proceedings within the agency."  Mead Data Central v. Department of the Air Force, 402 F.Supp. 460 (D.D.C. 1974), remanded, 566 F.2d 242 (D.C. Cir. 1977) aff'd, 575 F.2d 932 (D.C. Cir. 1978).  "[A] person cannot effectively appeal a decision about the releasability of documents ... if he is not informed of at least a list of the documents to which he was denied access ... and why those decisions were made.  Denial of this information would in all likelihood be a denial of due process as well as effectively gutting the reasons for applying the exhaustion doctrine in FOIA cases."
Shermco Industries, Inc. v. Secretary of the Air Force, 452 F.Supp. 306, 317 n.7 (N.D. Tex. 1978); see Oglesby v. Department of the Army, 920 F.2d 57, 65 (D.C. Cir. 1990) (citing Shermco).   It should be simple to prepare a list and the claimed exemptions as the records are processed.  Disclosing such information would not disclose any exempt information and it would make it easier to appeal your initial determination on the merits.  In addition, I ask that your agency exercise its discretion to release information that may be technically exempt.  As you know, the Attorney General on October 4, 1993, directed that agencies should administer the FOIA under a presumption of disclosure, and that information which need not be withheld should not be.
I remind you that under Chrysler v. Brown, 441 U.S. 281, 293 (1979), the 5 U.S.C. Sec. 552(b) exemptions are discretionary, not mandatory.  An agency can generally choose to release exempt information.  This discretionary review process for withholding cannot take precedence over the law, which requires a response within specified time limits.  Moreover, that discretion, according to the Attorney General's October 4, 1993 memorandum, must be exercised in accordance with a presumption of disclosure.  Even if a substantial legal basis exists for withholding, information is not to be withheld unless it need be.  I also request that fees be waived because Mr. Gilmore should be deemed a media requester by your agency for FOIA purposes, and because the public interest would be furthered by a fee waiver.  The D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals has held that "a representative of the news media is, in essence, a person or entity that gathers information of potential interest to a segment of the public, uses its editorial skills to turn the raw materials into a distinct work, and distributes that work to an audience."  National Security Archive v. Department of Defense, 880 F.2d 1381, 1387 (D.C.Cir. 1989), cert. denied 494 U.S. 1029 (1990).  This definition applies strongly to Mr. Gilmore, who is a co-
founder and director of the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), a Washington, D.C.-based public interest organization.  The EFF has been intimately involved in policy discussions concerning key escrow encryption and distributes information to the public by newsletter and electronic distribution about this and other topics involving civil liberties.   Mr. Gilmore is also a skilled computer programmer who has spent the last ten years distributing his work for public use to a worldwide audience on the Internet and the Usenet.  Mr. Gilmore is also entitled to a fee waiver because "disclosure of the information is in the public interest because it is likely to contribute significantly to public understanding of the operations or activities of the government and is not primarily in the commercial interest of the requester."  There exists a tremendous public debate over the wisdom and legality of the key escrow encryption plan, as I am sure you are well aware.  Your agency's database is clearly an operation of the government in which the public has a great interest.  The Vice President himself has publicly expressed doubt about the delegating key escrow responsibilities to agencies which are part of the executive branch.  The information requested herein relates to such doubt.  This information is not yet in the public record, so the request makes a substantial contribution to the public understanding.  This request is not primarily in the commercial interest of Mr. Gilmore.  He will not benefit financially from this information in any way.  He intends to disseminate the requested records widely and freely to inform this public debate.   Should there be any problem in this regard, Mr. Gilmore promises to pay up to $1000 in fees, and you should therefore begin processing of this request without fee-related delays.  As provided under the FOIA, I will expect a reply within ten (10) working days.  Lee Tien
Attorney at Law
On behalf of Mr. John Gilmore

@_date: 1994-05-04 16:41:27
@_author: "DOJ" 
@_subject: DOJ Clipper documents scheduled for summer release under FOIA 
As you know, there has been much debate about the Clipper Chip initiative, but relatively little hard information.  John Gilmore, member of the board of directors of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, filed FOIA requests to numerous government agencies last April after the Clipper plan was announced.  In June 1993, he filed a FOIA lawsuit against the Justice Department ("DOJ") and the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI").
Gilmore v. FBI, et al, C-93-2117, U.S. District Judge Charles
Legge, Northern District of California.
As a result of this lawsuit, the Justice Department has agreed to a staggered release of some documents about Clipper and Digital Telephony.  The Justice Department and Gilmore signed a joint stipulation and agreement on Friday, April 29, 1994, in which the Justice Department and several other federal agencies agreed to release documents over the next several months:
          a)     DOJ's Office of Information and Privacy ("OIP") will
transmit all documents recovered in its search for responsive
documents that it has identified as requiring referrals or
consultations to the appropriate agencies or DOJ components by
May 31, 1994.  OIP will complete processing of all documents that
it has identified as not requiring referrals or consultations to
other agencies or DOJ components by June 20, 1994.
          b)     DOJ's Justice Management Division ("JMD") will
complete processing of all documents recovered in its search for
responsive documents, excluding documents which have been
referred for processing to other agencies, by July 30, 1994.
          c)     The Office of Management and Budget ("OMB") will
respond to all DOJ consultation requests which OMB had received
as of April 20, 1994 by May 20, 1994.
          d)    The National Security Agency ("NSA") will respond to
all DOJ consultation requests which it had received as of April
20, 1994 by July 18, 1994.  NSA will complete processing of all
documents which had been referred to it by DOJ as of April 20,
1994 for direct response to plaintiff by July 18, 1994.
          e)     The National Security Council ("NSC") will respond to
all DOJ consultation requests which NBC had received as of April
20, 1994 by July 29, 1994.
          f)     The Department of Commerce and National Institute of
Standards and Technology (collectively "Commerce") will respond
to all DOJ consultation requests which Commerce had received as
of April 20, 1994 by August 7, 1994.  Commerce will complete
processing of all documents which had been referred to it by DOJ
as of April 20, 1994 for direct response to plaintiff by August
7,  1994.
The documents being processed by the NSC include the Presidential Review
Directive and Presidential Decision Directive which started the Clipper
initiative.  We have been informed that NSC is processing the two
final versions as well as 68 draft versions. We have also been informed that documents produced in the course
of the OMB legislative clearance process for the Digital Telephony
Bill are being processed.  This should provide insight into how the
government decided to proceed with this bill.
We have also been informed that there are approximately 25 documents produced in the course of the government's solicitation
of industry views on Clipper. Obviously, we do not know how much useful information will be
released.  It is probable that the documents will be heavily redacted.
Given the recent directives from the President and the Attorney General
that all possible discretionary disclosures of information should be made,
we hope, optimistically, that these disclosures will prove illuminating.
Unfortunately, the FBI is not a party to this agreement.  We are in
the process of attempting to obtain the release of about 3000 pages
of FBI records.  FBI has told the Court that it will be approximately
2 years and 8 months before it will even begin processing Gilmore's
request, and that actual processing will take about a year, if not more.
We believe that this delay is unlawful and cannot be countenanced. The FBI offered to complete its processing a year from when we sign an
agreement; we believe they should process these documents in a maximum
of six months (which would be a year and a half from our original FOIA
request).  Note that this processing time only includes their initial
response to us; they will undoubtedly withhold many documents and
parts of documents which we will contest the withholding of.  This
will take additional time, probably years.  Because we and the FBI
have been unable to agree, we have presented this controversy to the
Court, and Judge Legge will decide what deadlines to impose on the
The agreement mentioned above does not include NSA except to the
extent that NSA is reviewing documents submitted to it by the
Department of Justice.  We also filed a FOIA request with NSA for all
of its documents on Clipper, and have received no response after a
year.  We have an existing lawsuit against NSA's pattern and practice
of delay in responding to FOIA requests.  Depending on how that suit
develops, we will take some kind of legal action to force them to
Lee Tien (Attorney for John Gilmore) and John Gilmore
tien			 gnu
PLEASE REDISTRIBUTE IF YOU LIKE.

@_date: 1994-09-14 01:35:48
@_author: Trotter Hardy 
@_subject: Spatial Databases, Law, and Information Policy conference 
Forwarded-by: Lee Tien Forwarded-by: thardy (Trotter Hardy)
THE CONFERENCE on LAW and INFORMATION POLICY for
SPATIAL DATABASES
October 28-29, 1994
Arizona State University
College of Law
Tempe, Arizona
National Center for Geographic Information and Analysis
Center for the Study of Law, Science and Technology, Arizona
State University College of Law
CONFERENCE OVERVIEW
Geographic information systems (GIS) and their associated
databases are gaining widespread use throughout government and
the commercial sector in our communities, the nation, and the
world.  These automated mapping and analysis systems are
allowing the collection, integration and interrogation of vast
amounts of data.  The data and processing capabilities supplied by
the technology will constitute a significant component of the
emerging national information infrastructure.  This enabling
technology holds out the promise of increased efficiency in
commerce, improvements in the environment, health, and safety,
increased convenience for consumers, increases in participatory
government, and improved public and private decision-making
generally.  However, increased use of detailed databases and
processing capabilities also poses threats to the ideals of
democracies and rights of individuals - the ideals of freedom,
security, privacy, and open and free access to government.  As we
continue to move toward global economies and international
networked environments, the need to reconcile competing social,
economic, and political interests in digital geographic data will
greatly expand.
This conference brings together legal and information policy
experts with geographic information system specialists to explore
four interrelated aspects of information law critical to the handling
of geographic information: namely,
(1) intellectual property rights in spatial databases, with particular
emphasis on copyright;
(2) access rights of citizens to publicly held information, including
the policies of government agencies in charging for geographic
(3) protecting personal privacy in using geographic information
systems; and
(4) liability in connection with the use, sharing, and distribution of
GIS data and analysis results.
PRELIMINARY PROGRAM
Friday, October 28
Welcome and Introduction (7:45 am - ASU Law School, Pedrick
Great Hall)
Access to Government's Spatial Information I (8:00 a.m.)
        Moderator:  Robert Reis, NCGIA and School of Law,
        SUNY-Buffalo
Establishing a Legal Setting and Organizational Model for
Affordable Access to Government Owned Information
Management Technology
        Hugh Archer, Executive Consultant
        Plangraphics, Inc., Frankfurt, Kentucky
A Case for Commercialization of Government Information
Products and Services
        Lori Peterson Dando, Esquire
        County Attorney's Office (former), Hastings, MN
Spatial Databases and Information Policy: A British Perspective
        David Rhind, Director
        Ordnance Survey, United Kingdom
Question and Answer Session
Intellectual Property Rights in Spatial Databases I (9:00a.m.)
        Moderator:  Helen Sharretts-Sullivan, Office of the General
        Counsel, Defense Mapping Agency
Copyright, Licensing, and Cost Recovery: A Legal, Economic, and
Policy Analysis
        William Holland, Executive Director
        Wisconsin Land Information Board, Madison, WI
Surveyors' Copyright in Plans of Survey: Law and Policy
        John D. McLaughlin, Geographical Engineering and
        Norman Siebrasse, College of Law, University of New
        Brunswick, Fredericton Canada
Copyright in Electronic Maps
        Dennis S. Karjala
        College of Law, Arizona State University
Question and Answer Session
Break (Coffee, tea, etc.- College of Law Lobby) (10:00 am)
Intellectual Property Rights in Spatial Databases II (10:30 am)
        Moderator:  Elaine Albright, Chair, American Library
        Association Committee on Telecommunications
Rights in Government-generated Data
        Jessica Litman
        School of Law, Wayne State University
Lessons from the Past: Legal and Medical Databases
        Anne Wells Branscomb
        Program on Information Resources Policy, Harvard
        University
European Community Directive on Databases
        Pamela Samuelson
        School of Law, University of Pittsburgh
Question and Answer Session
Access to Government's Spatial Information II (11:30 a.m.)
        Moderator:  Dorthy Chambers, J.D., Chief, Branch of
        Information Access Policy and Coordination, Bureau of
        Land Management
A Review of Alaska's Public Information Access Laws
        Representative Kay Brown
        Alaska Legislature, Anchorage, Alaska
Issues Concerning Access to Electronic Records
        Barbara Petersen, Staff Attorney
        Florida Legislature Joint Committee on Information
        Technology Resources
Federal Information Dissemination and Pricing Policy
        Peter Weiss, Senior Policy Analyst
        Office of Management and Budget, Washington, D.C.
Question and Answer Session
Lunch (12:30 pm - Several eating places within walking distance)
Access to Government's Spatial Information III (2:00 pm)
        Moderator:  Earl Epstein, J.D., School of Natural
        Resources, Ohio State University
Effects of Data Policies on the Evolution of the National Spatial
Data Infrastructure
        Nancy Tosta, Staff Director
        U.S. Federal Geographic Data Committee
The Public Interest and the Cost of Government Information:
Experience Under the Federal FOIA
        David Sobel, Legal Counsel
        Electronic Privacy Information Center, Washington D.C.
Promoting a Free Access, Minimal Cost-recovery, Royalty
Arrangement for State Held Geographic Information Systems
        Keene Matsunaga, Esquire, and Jack Dangermond,
        President, Environmental Systems Research Institute and
        Prudence Adler, Assistant Director, Association of
        Research Libraries
Question and Answer Session
Access to Government's Spatial Information IV (3:00 p.m.)
        Moderator: Frederick K. Ganyon, J.D., Deputy Chief,
        Nautical Charting Division, NOAA
The Value of Geographic Information.  A review of international
policies in cost recovery, privatization and commercialization of
information gathering and dissemination.
        Krysia Rybaczuk and Michael Blakemore
        Mountjoy Research Centre, University of Durham, United
        Kingdom
Remote Sensing Law: Obstacle or Opportunity for GIS?
        Joanne Gabrynowicz, Associate Professor - Remote
        Sensing Law and Policy Department of Space Studies,
        University of North Dakota
Implications of Increased Access to Geographic Information
        Dr. Ronald Abler, Executive Director
        Association of American Geographers
Question and Answer Session
Break (4:00 p.m. - coffee, tea, soft drink - College of Law lobby)
Liability for Spatial Data I (4:30 p.m.)
        Moderator:  Daniel Strouse, Director, Center for the Study
        of Law, Science, and Technology, ASU College of Law
Tort and Criminal Liability as a Function of the Right to Control
        Henry Perritt, Professor of Law
        Villanova University School of Law
Local Government Liability for Erroneous Data: Law and Policy in
a Changing Environment
        R. Jerome Anderson, Esquire, and Alan R. Stewart, Esquire
        Plangraphics, Inc., Frankfurt, Kentucky
A Case Study in the Misuse of GIS: Siting a Low-Level
Radioactive Waste Disposal Facility in New York State
        Mark Monmonier, Department of Geography
        Syracuse University
Question and Answer Session
Saturday, October 29
Liability for Spatial Data II (8:00 a.m.)
        Moderator:  t.b.a.
Liability for GIS Datasets as applied to the Commercial, Non-
profit and Other Private Sectors
        Bishop Dansby, Esquire
        GIS Law and Policy Institute
Exploitation of Intellectual Property: Liability, Retrenchment and a
Proposal for Change
        Edward J. Obloy, General Counsel, and B. Helen Sharretts-
        Sullivan, Defense Mapping Agency
Certification of GIS Databases: Reliance and Liability Implications
        Lawrence Ayers, Executive Vice President and Cliff
        Kottman, Exec. Manager of Federal Systems, Intergraph
        Corporation
Spatial Data Analysis in the Formation of Public Policy and its
Acceptance as Evidence: A Litigator's Perspective on Geographic
Information and Analysis
        Terry Simmons, PhD, Attorney at Law
        Reno, Nevada
Question and Answer Session
Protecting Privacy in Using Geographic Information Systems I
(9:15 a.m.)
        Moderator:  Lawrence Winer, College of Law, ASU
In Plain View: Geographic Information Systems and the Problem
of Privacy
        Michael R. Curry
        Department of Geography, UCLA
Privacy and the Intersection of Geographic Information and
Intelligent Vehicle Highway Systems
        Sheri Alpert and Kingsley Haynes
        The Institute of Public Policy, George Mason University
Privacy: Alternative Protection Scenarios
        Dr. David Flaherty
        Information and Privacy Commissioner of British
        Columbia
Question and Answer Session
Break (10:15 - Coffee, tea, juice & rolls - College of Law Lobby)
Protecting Privacy in Using Geographic Information Systems II
(10:45 am)
        Moderator:  t.b.a.
Fair Information Practices of the Information Industry
        Steven Metalitz
        Information Industry Association, Washington DC
Marketing Community Perspectives on Protecting Privacy
        Tom Gordon, President and General Manager
        Equifax National Decision Systems, San Diego CA
European Perspectives on Protection of Privacy
        Charles D. Raab, Department of Politics
        University of Edinburgh, Scotland
Question and Answer Session
Protecting Privacy in Using Geographic Information Systems III
(11:45 a.m.)
        Moderator:  t.b.a.
Some Information Age Techno-fallacies and Some Principles for
Protecting Privacy
        Gary Marx, Chair
        Department of Sociology, University of Colorado-Boulder
Protecting Indigenous Peoples' Privacy from "Eyes in the Sky"
        Wayne Madsen
        Computer Sciences Corporation, Fairfax, VA
Protecting Privacy in Using Geographic Information Systems
        Harlan J. Onsrud, Jeff Johnson, and Xavier Lopez
        NCGIA, University of Maine, Orono, Maine
Question and Answer Session
Closing Announcements (12:45 p.m.)
REGISTRATION FORM
Maximum registration will be 250 participants
NO ON-SITE REGISTRATION
[  ]  Full Registration
        (before October 3)      $145
        (after October 3)       $195
[  ]  Student Registration      $70
Name: __________________________________
Title: ___________________________________
Affiliation: ______________________________
Address: ________________________________
Phone: __________________________________
FAX: ___________________________________
Email: __________________________________
Make check payable (in US dollars) to:
University of Maine
and send to:
Conference on Law and Information Policy for Spatial Databases
5711 Boardman Hall, Rm. 348
University of Maine, Orono, Me  04469-5711
LOCATION & TRANSPORTATION
The conference will take place on October 28 and the morning of
October 29, 1994 in the Pedrick Great Hall at the Arizona State
University College of Law.  The conference has been scheduled to
follow immediately GIS/LIS '94 in Phoenix, Arizona.  Those
attending GIS/LIS and then staying on for this conference should
be able to take advantage of reduced airfares because of the
Saturday night stay over.  The College of Law in Tempe is located
approximately ten miles from downtown Phoenix or five miles
from the airport.   Taxis and hotel shuttles are convenient and
moderately priced.  For those traveling by car, take the University
Avenue exit on Interstate 10 and head east to the ASU campus.
The campus is immediately adjacent to Old Town Tempe which
contains numerous restaurants and shops within easy walking
COOPERATING ORGANIZATIONS
American Bar Association Section of Science and Technology
American Congress on Surveying and Mapping
American Society of Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing
AM/FM International
Association of American Geographers
Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility
Federal Geographic Data Committee
Information Industry Association
National States Geographic Information Council
Urban and Regional Information Systems Association
CONFERENCE SUPPORTERS
Federal Agencies:
        Bureau of Land Management
        Coast and Geodetic Survey
        Defense Mapping Agency
        Federal Geographic Data Committee
Environmental Systems Research Institute
Equifax National Decision Systems
Intergraph Corporation
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
Conference on Law and Information Policy for Spatial Databases
5711 Boardman Hall, Rm 348
University of Maine, Orono, Maine  04469-5711
Phone: (207) 581-2149
Fax: (207) 581-2206
E-mail: ncgia
Harlan J. Onsrud
National Center for Geographic Information and Analysis
5711 Boardman Hall, Rm. 348
University of Maine
Orono, Maine  04469-5711
Phone (207) 581-2175
FAX (207)581-2206
E-mail: onsrud

@_date: 1995-10-23 18:49:20
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity: A Modest Proposal 
How difficult is it to forge headers?  How difficult is it to trace a
message to the actual sender if the header is forged?  Is there a way to
quantify traceability on a simple scale, for rough purposes?
Lee Tien
(510) 525-0817 voice
(510) 525-3015 fax

@_date: 1995-10-23 18:49:50
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: PA Remailer Concerns 
What is the cite for this statute?  Lee Tien
(510) 525-0817 voice
(510) 525-3015 fax

@_date: 1995-11-07 11:31:00
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: forging headers 
So I got this message.  How would someone identify the sender of this
message?  I'm writing an article on anonymity, with some discussion of
remailers, and want to argue that forging already permits people to raise
the costs of tracing significantly, anonymous remailers or no.

@_date: 1995-11-14 01:45:05
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: The Crypto Applications we would rather not talk about 
Actually, the NYT Magazine did a cover story on pot growing within the last
year, and toward the end one of the Americans doing grow rooms in Holland
said specifically that he was looking toward anonymous electronic
communications as a way to control his grow rooms remotely and securely.

@_date: 1995-11-14 01:29:00
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Exporting software doesn't mean exporting (was: Re: lp ?) 
I realize I'm a little late in this thread, but I'm pretty far behind in my
e-mail.  I oversimplify here, but what's new.
Anyway, all I wanted to say is that treaties are *not* superior to acts of
Congress, as far as I know (they do override state law).  I'm not an
international lawyer, but it was held long ago that a properly ratified
treaty is "equivalent to an act of the legislature."  Foster v. Neilson, 27
U.S. (2 Pet.) 253, 314 (1829) (Marshall, C.J.).  Note also that a treaty is
not necessarily self-executing; if it requires appropriation of funds,
Congress needs to act again.  Whether Congress may decline to implement is
unclear.  Finally, the Supreme Court has also held that when there is conflict
between an Act of Congress and a treaty, "the last expression of the
sovereign will must control."  The Chinese Exclusion Case, 130 U.S. 581
(1889).  Treaties may still bind the U.S. internationally, putting the U.S. in
default.  But a U.S. person would not be able to enforce any treaty-based
claim if a later U.S. law conflicts, at least in a U.S. court.  P.S.  I'm not aware of telecom treaties that would shield one from ITAR
violations, but would be interested to know of any.  I generally refrain
from public comment on ITAR because we are in litigation, as most of you

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:25:11
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: GAK Flap Happening at a Good Time--Journalists Read! 
There was no Netscape (or RSADSI, for that matter [an RSADSI
employee showed up, but it was on his own time]) representative at the
recent Bernstein hearing in SF. I think that shows how much they
really care.
Actually, this is not entirely correct.  An attorney for a firm which is
outside counsel (crypto-related) to Netscape did attend the Bernstein
hearing.  Lee Tien

@_date: 1995-12-06 11:25:22
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Use of PGP as an export? 
Actually, the ITAR contains specific provisions for "defense services," and
it is possible to "export" "defense services."  Lee Tien
That's not giving technical data to the foreigner, that's providing a service;
the ITAR doesn't seem to restrict that.  It's not an especially secure way to
operate, but that's an inherent problem with multi-user systems or file servers.
One way to implement it that would be only mildly insecure would be to put PGP
on a file server, with execute-only permissions; users of client machines
still could be attacked by somebody faking out NFS, but they wouldn't have
to send their passphrases across the net the way they would in a telnet session.
#                               Thanks;  Bill
# Bill Stewart, Freelance Information Architect, stewarts
# Phone +1-510-247-0663 Pager/Voicemail 1-408-787-1281
Lee Tien
(510) 525-0817 voice
(510) 525-3015 fax

@_date: 1996-02-03 11:24:32
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: crypto/classification 
A few weeks ago someone posted the following message:
Hi all,
Just received a memo, the "Desk Reference Guide" to Executive Order 12958.
This memo/executive order discusses classified national security
information.  The cypherpunks-interesting aspect of this memo lies in
exceptions to some new guidelines.  Basically, this executive order
removes the authority for the government to "permanently" classify
information.  Basically, classification is now limited to 10 years
(or 25 years in some special cases).  The exceptions to this allow
classification for longer durations for certain types of material.
These types include things like protecting intelligence sources and nuclear weapons design info.  One of the other exeptions is for:
"...information that would impair United States cryptologic systems
or activities."
This appears to be taken directly from the executive order, so these
types of decisions are being made at high levels.  Thought you might
be interested.
        Hooker
I'm curious whether the "desk reference" contains more than the mere text
of the Executive Order.  If it does, I'd like to get a copy, since the FOIA
cases I handle typically involve classified information.
Please reply personally, since I only read the list in digest form.
Lee Tien

@_date: 1996-02-03 11:30:48
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Encryption and the 2nd Amendment 
I agree that a 2nd A. argument is legally worthless; so do Mike Godwin and
other persons whose legal opinions are generally carefully considered.  FWIW, I note that one gov't study of the constitutionality of encryption
restrictions, done by some law profs for DOEnergy, had a section surveying
the possible applicability of the 2nd A.  Since we are not using this
argument in Bernstein, I didn't read the section with any care.  The thrust
was, if I recall correctly, that even if the 2nd A did apply, it has so
little force that it doesn't matter (i.e., one can't easily point to
doctrine calling for "heightened" or "strict" scrutiny under the 2nd; I
happen to believe that there should be some form of scrutiny beyond
"rational basis" for infringement of 2nd A. rights, having been impressed
by Sanford Levinson's analysis, but the cases do not support it).
I suspect that one reason why folks find this approach rhetorically
interesting is that it's got that "you called it that, so . . . " flavor. In a different post on a different issue, Perry Metzger referred to
estoppel, and I think the same intuition operates here. But as Michael
Froomkin said, what the State Department calls it shouldn't be relevant to
the meaning for constitutional purposes.  Also, estoppel against the
government is quite limited.  There's a line of cases saying that, and
courts frequently refuse to hold the government to the same kind of
estoppel as private parties.  (Agreeing w/Peter Junger)
Lee Tien

@_date: 1996-02-03 11:38:10
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re:  RC2 Source Code - Legal Warning from RSADSI 
I don't practice intellectual property law, but I think y'all should be
careful, legally speaking.  Without more facts, you don't know if the
purported disassembly was lawful.  I think the first and second sentences don't map.  It's true that once a
trade secret is "lost," it's lost (though I suppose if everyone forgets it
and someone rediscovers and protects it it's regained).
But you must distinguish between *legally* lost and merely practically
disseminated.  Trade secrecy is not complete or real secrecy.  If I were
under NDA to RSA to keep RC2 secret, passed it on to Rich, and RC2 met the
legal test for trade secrecy, it is still a trade secret in the law.  I
don't recall the remedies, but I'm fairly sure that if Rich has the right
level of knowledge/notice, he's not immune.
Trade secrecy is separate from either copyright or patent.  It covers both
patentable and nonpatentable stuff.  Its great advantage is its potential
duration -- so long as it's not independently generated or
reverse-engineered.  Its great drawback is it's hard to maintain.  I think Brian is right in what he said, but the critical qualification is
how the posted source code was produced.  One could have a trade secret in
the algorithm; Sega v. Accolade only addresses the copyright issues, if
memory serves.  The Ninth Circuit found that the dissassembly was
infringement, because it involved copying of the protected expression, but
excused the infringement based on "fair use."  *** Keep in mind that fair
use is multifactor, and the Sega decision expressly noted that Accolade was
only trying to achieve compatibility, only indirectly harming the market
for Sega's videogames.  This alone might distinguish disassembly to get RC2
source in order to put RC2 "out there," even from a copyright perspective.
What's unclear in the law is RSA's power to control dissassembly by
contract.  Traditionally, reverse engineering has always been a legitimate
means of penetrating trade secrecy.  The problem arises, though, if one
agrees not to reverse-engineer.  If I got an RSA product and agreed not to
disassemble and not to disclose anything I might happen to discover, then I
have a contractual, not statutory, duty.  This is like the shrink-wrap
license issue:  if I buy Lotus Notes, a shrink-wrap "no dissassembly"
provision may well be unenforceable.  Such a provision is more likely
enforceable in a truly bargained contract.  This is all contract law.
So if the person who disassembled was under a contractual bar, disassembly
could be misappropriation.  (I'm not clear on current misappropriation law,
which is in a statute in California if I recall.)
I'm not really up on all this, and it's very fact-sensitive, but I don't
think the legal issues are very simple, and I would counsel some caution. Are those enough qualifications and disclaimers?

@_date: 1996-02-15 19:55:57
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Regulation of citizen-alien communications 
Resident aliens, as well as U.S. persons, have First Amendment rights.  Second, we have a right to speak to foreign audiences.  Independently of
the First Amendment, there is an equal protection issue whenever you
discriminate against aliens.  There's case law on these points which I
won't bother to cite.

@_date: 1996-02-17 23:57:33
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Debrauschie (SP?) wavelets 
Perhaps a dumb question, but is this kind of analysis relevant to crypto? (I read an article about it in Discover)
Lee Tien
