
@_date: 1995-11-08 01:45:26
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re:  forging headers (with more header information) 
My apologies.  I followed Tim's advice and turned on verbose headers, and
this is what I got.
Return-Path: freeh
Received: from nimitz.MIT.EDU (NIMITZ.MIT.EDU [18.80.0.161]) by well.com
(8.6.12/8.6.12) with SMTP id NAA20123 for ; Tue, 24 Oct
1995 13:06:23 -0700
Received: from sgigate.SGI.COM by nimitz.MIT.EDU with SMTP
        (1.37.109.4/16.2) id AA00301; Tue, 24 Oct 95 16:07:08 -0400
Apparently-To: tien
X-UIDL: 814570964.056
Not very difficult at all (to forge, that is).  This is a quick and dirty
example that should be somewhat traceable.  If you want pointers on how to
trace it, post the whole thing, including headers, to cypherpunks.

@_date: 1996-04-15 04:15:23
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: math patents 
In reply to the message excerpted below:
I believe Jim's not looked back far enough.  My recollection from law
school is that the law was friendly to math patents in the period before
the Supreme Court weighed in.  There were some PTO denials, which courts
reversed (I think the Court of Claims heard these back then).  So I think
the trend was toward patenting processes even if mathematical until
Gottschalk v. Benson.  It's a conceptually messy area because "processes"
have long been patentable (like the Morse telegraphy/Bell telephony
patents) but the Supreme Court saw the Benson application as violating the
doctrine against patenting "laws of nature."  using One thing I've never heard is an explanation of how computer software and especially mathematics went from "extremely not patentable" in the early and middle 1970's, to "patentable" once Messr's Rivest, Shamir, and Adleman invented a piece of mathematics that the government wanted to deny to the public.  How convenient.

@_date: 1996-05-31 16:36:05
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: NRC crypto report 
I'm told the study officially emerges from the National Academy Press as a
book early August.  Until then, apparently, the only available copies will
be a limited number of pre-publication drafts issued at events like the one
scheduled at SRI International, 333 Ravenswood Avenue,  Menlo Park on June
A long way of saying that to get a copy of the whole thing, not a summary,
attend on Wednesday.

@_date: 1996-07-23 11:35:53
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: I@Week on crypto export loophole 6/24/96 
I am fairly sure that at least one U.S. district court (the case name
escapes me) held that the AECA has extraterritorial application.  Lee Tien

@_date: 1996-11-08 13:02:24
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Kozinski's responses 
1.      But do anonymous snail-mail or phone calls invade privacy?  Is an
anonymous phone call an invasion of privacy in a way that an ordinary phone
call is not?  Is anonymous snail-mail more invasive of privacy than
ordinary junk snail-mail?  Is it the anonymity that is objectionable?  Many
people object to spam even when they know who it's from.
It's certainly reasonable to define privacy as including an interest in
disattention or not being drawn into communication.  But isn't that
interest implicated every time someone calls you?  And not just when the
caller has ID blocking, or doesn't tell you who he or she is?  Normally,
when I make a phone call, I don't identify myself.  If I'm asked, who is
this, then we have a decision point.  Until I do, isn't the call anonymous?
 Once I do, it's not - any more - but it was until then.  Put slightly differently, in daily life we interact with those we know
little about, and we learn more (usually) as the interaction unfolds. Interaction is sequential, involves turn-taking; trust is built, not
warranted at the outset.  So what is distinctly privacy-invasive in being
anonymous?  The thrust of his comment seems to be (a) that when the caller is
anonymous, there is an imbalance:  you know less than the caller.  You
interact on an unequal footing.  This may well be, as he puts it,
"objectionable"; but the appeal is to some norm of informational
reciprocity, of fair disclosure.  What I don't get is how that is a
violation of *privacy.*    Does "being named" dispel the objectionable quality of the interaction?   Don't we often interact with people whom we hardly know?  It seems neither
necessary nor sufficient.  I can feel vulnerable, doubt motives, etc., even
when I know someone's name.  Isn't he really talking about reputation?  To
what extent does nymity (I just coined this as the opposite of anonymity)
matter?  Name may permit you to assess reputation later, but may be of
little use at the time.Is that a privacy issue?
Does Kozinski assume (b) that the anonymous are more dangerous, that
anonymity maps to unaccountability, and unaccountability maps to higher
likelihood of threat.  Even if that's true, is that a matter of privacy?  2.      As for anonymous snail-mail, consider that an anonymous envelope
isn't necessarily an anonymous letter.  The anonymity is relative to what's
exposed.  Map that onto e-mail.  Isn't that equivalent to anonymizing the
header and encrypting the message itself?  That the header doesn't reveal
sender identity doesn't entail that the message is itself anonymous.  The
anonymity may merely be against third parties.  Kozinski himself says:
So from that POV, wouldn't a ban on anonymous remailers, to the extent that
they don't preclude nymity w/i the message body, reach too far?
Blatant self-promotion:  BTW, I recently published an article on anonymity
and the McIntyre case in the Oregon Law Review.  75 Or.L.Rev. 117 (1996).

@_date: 1997-01-30 23:44:20
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: job opportunities 
I have no idea whether members of this list are interested in these kinds
of jobs, but hey, can't hurt to ask.
For the next 3 months (until April 30), Farallon Communications is trying
to focus on filling several key engineering positions in the Netopia and
LAN groups.  (Netopia is a product line of ISDN devices)  My wife works at
Farallon in product marketing for Netopia stuff.  They started out as a
Macintosh networking company and have gone "Internet."
Firmware Engineers:  3 for Netopia and 1 for LAN
Hardware Engineers:  1 for Netopia and 1 for LAN
There is some flexibility for the firmware positions to work either in
Alameda or San Jose.  I'm not sure about the job descriptions; I just
looked at  and this might
accurately describe some of the positions mentioned above:
Sr. Staff Engineer (WAN) -- San Jose and Alameda
4 Openings
Senior member of the software development team responsible for
architecture, design and implementation of embedded systems
firmware on new and existing WAN products. Hands-on design
position requiring a BSCS or a BSEE with advanced degree preferred.
The ideal candidate will have 10+ years networking or
telecommunications development experience and expert knowledge of
multi-protocol routing and bridging. Expertise in networking layer
technologies/protocols and data compression required.
Lee Tien

@_date: 1997-01-30 23:04:12
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: job opportunities 
I have no idea whether members of this list are interested in these kinds
of jobs, but hey, can't hurt to ask.
For the next 3 months (until April 30), Farallon Communications is trying
to focus on filling several key engineering positions in the Netopia and
LAN groups.  (Netopia is a product line of ISDN devices)  My wife works at
Farallon in product marketing for Netopia stuff.  They started out as a
Macintosh networking company and have gone "Internet."
Firmware Engineers:  3 for Netopia and 1 for LAN
Hardware Engineers:  1 for Netopia and 1 for LAN
There is some flexibility for the firmware positions to work either in
Alameda or San Jose.  I'm not sure about the job descriptions; I just
looked at  and this might
accurately describe some of the positions mentioned above:
Sr. Staff Engineer (WAN) -- San Jose and Alameda
4 Openings
Senior member of the software development team responsible for
architecture, design and implementation of embedded systems
firmware on new and existing WAN products. Hands-on design
position requiring a BSCS or a BSEE with advanced degree preferred.
The ideal candidate will have 10+ years networking or
telecommunications development experience and expert knowledge of
multi-protocol routing and bridging. Expertise in networking layer
technologies/protocols and data compression required.
Lee Tien

@_date: 1997-02-12 13:41:28
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: anonymity and e-cash 
The NSA's research report on e-cash says:
is that neither payer nor payee should know the identity of the other. This
makes remote transactions using electronic cash totally anonymous:  no one
knows where Alice spends her money and who pays her.
a scenario for the consumer to obtain a signed receipt.  Thus we are forced
to settle for payer anonymity."
Keeping in mind I am only a lawyer, my skim of Schneier (2d ed.) didn't
illuminate.  The discussion of digital cash seemed to assume no payee
anonymity.  But the immediate previous section of dining cryptographers
involved (it seemed) recipient untraceability.
Is payee anonymity technically possible?  Under what conditions?
If so, is the issue social, e.g., as NSA notes, the lack of a signed receipt?

@_date: 1997-02-12 13:17:03
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: anonymity and e-cash 
The NSA's research report on e-cash says:
is that neither payer nor payee should know the identity of the other. This
makes remote transactions using electronic cash totally anonymous:  no one
knows where Alice spends her money and who pays her.
a scenario for the consumer to obtain a signed receipt.  Thus we are forced
to settle for payer anonymity."
Keeping in mind I am only a lawyer, my skim of Schneier (2d ed.) didn't
illuminate.  The discussion of digital cash seemed to assume no payee
anonymity.  But the immediate previous section of dining cryptographers
involved (it seemed) recipient untraceability.
Is payee anonymity technically possible?  Under what conditions?
If so, is the issue social, e.g., as NSA notes, the lack of a signed receipt?

@_date: 1997-05-07 22:19:19
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: SAFE 
Here's what Prof. Froomkin said about SAFE on another list:
[I wonder:  how does SAFE interact with IPSEC and arrangements like S/WAN?
This is not, I think, merely the "willful furtherance" provision.  The "law
enforcement" access provision may be ambiguous for keys that are not
"private"; my understanding of IPSEC is that the key is in the possession
of the machine and not the user.  I'm unclear whether users have 4th A.
standing to challenge law enforcement access to such keys; there are lots
of 4th A cases where a person has no privacy interest in information
because it's been disclosed to another person, or is in another person's
control.  Of course, I probably don't understand how IPSEC works, so
corrections are welcomed.]

@_date: 1997-06-02 23:09:27
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Rotenberg or Berman?  (was  Re: e$: Beltway piglets and otherbarnyard animals) 
Hash: SHA1
Marc Rotenberg never led EFF; he led CPSR-Washington which became EPIC.
Bob may be thinking of Jerry Berman, who ran EFF for a few years, was
involved in its actions re Digital Telephony, and then left to start up

@_date: 1997-06-23 17:08:59
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Bomb-making instructions.... 
Hash: SHA1
As I'm sure you know, CNN is probably safe in any case, reality being what
it is.
The fine line that DOJ recommended on the Feinstein Amendment is based
mainly on intent.  I don't have the report in front of me, but I think DOJ
recognized that widespread publication makes it harder to prove a nasty
Suppose CNN got the McVeigh transcripts, scanned them in, and put them up
on the Web.  It's pretty newsworthy.  Hard to see how there could be a
prosecution given the First Amendment, even if the Feinstein Amendment
became law.
Indeed, I would assume that the information would propagate to other sites
as well, including outside the United States.  At that point prosecution
seems even more difficult.
IMHO, proving intent is to some extent a function of how "public"
information is.  If information is publicly available but not very well
known, or perhaps more important, its being publicly available is not very
well known - then it is easier to convince a jury that knowing it implies
badness (unless you have a good, usually institution based, reason for
knowing it).
It would be an interesting piece of sociology of speech, law and technology
to do a serious, scholarly study of the public availability of existing
bombmaking information on the Web.  Where does it come from?  How much was
originally government information?  How accurate is it?  What kind of bombs
can be built with the info?  Who puts it up?  Then compare what's on the
Web to what's in university and public libraries.  This is the kind of
study that may not be doable once the Amendment passes, for obvious reasons.

@_date: 1997-06-23 17:07:32
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: McCain's War for Security 
Hash: SHA1
Correct me if I'm wrong, but wasn't there also stuff in the article about
how McCain had been badly stung by some "ethics" problem, which apparently
was not really very serious but disturbed him personally and tainted his
I am remembering vaguely reading somewhere that he felt his integrity had
been impugned (by all accounts he had long been considered above reproach)
and that he was as a result "on the warpath" to restore his image.
If that's a correct remembering, then that sense of a need to restore his
image may have made McCain a perfect target for "a treatment" by a clever
Administration gunning for Pro-CODE (sponsored by Burns, a less powerful
member of the Commerce Committee chaired by McCain, and someone already on
McCain's bad side according to Declan).
Hindsight is 20-20, but it was a perfect fit -- he's the chair of a
committee so he can force a bill through; Burns is on the committee so he
confronts Pro-CODE directly; according to Declan, he didn't get along with
Burns anyway; he wants to reclaim his public crusader image; and he's
always been strong on national security stuff.
[good comments snipped]

@_date: 1997-06-23 17:07:25
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: recoverability 
Hash: SHA1
Although there is still talks much about key escrow/mgmt/recovery, the
policy on KMI recoverable products appears to be framed in terms of
plaintext recovery.  E.g., at a BXA crypto reg seminar, the handout used
the following def'n:
"Products which allow government officials to obtain, under proper legal
authority and without the cooperation or knowledge of the user, the
plaintext of the encrypted data and communications."

@_date: 1997-06-26 23:47:29
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Bomb Making Info to be Illegal 
Free speech meant little for more than a hundred years of American history.  What we think of as the First Amendment slowly came into being starting in the early 1900s.  E.g., Justice Brandeis' great quotes in Whitney v. California were from his dissenting opinion; when movies first came before the Supreme Court in Mutual Film, they were *not* protected by the First Amendment and that wasn't overruled until 1952!
PS:  "obscenity" and "child pornography" are not protected speech, but "pornography" is not a legal category.  "Indecency" is a category, and it is protected speech -- the problem is that the government has a compelling interest in controlling minors' access to indecent material.

@_date: 1997-07-03 14:56:08
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Crypto Law Survey updated 
There is a summary of the Canadian crypto rules, by Stewart Baker, at the
Steptoe and Johnson site:  I skimmed it today and it seems that Canada is considerably more liberal.
There are interesting issues regarding U.S.-originated content.

@_date: 1997-07-16 03:43:24
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Making Imaginary Sex Illegal 
Does anyone know who the judge is, what the case name/# is?  I tried to
find information about the case on the Web last night, came up with nothing
resembling legal papers.

@_date: 1997-08-26 04:55:12
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: BXA Meet in Portland OR 
We discussed the IEEPA issues to some extent in our briefs in Bernstein as
well, in case anyone cares.  The gov't also discussed them, opposing our
position.  I don't keep track of which briefs are on the EFF website, but I
assume they're both up now.
Lee Tien

@_date: 1997-09-13 04:22:12
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: unSAFE won't pass? 
The govt never plays just one game.  This was for them a nice piece of
judo, taking the momentum built up by the lobbying for SAFE, and
redirecting it.
Clinton would veto a "good" bill, and I seriously doubt that anyone ever
thought a veto-proof "good" bill could be fashioned.  The status quo has
great inertia.  Presidents prefer not to veto bills if they don't have to,
though -- the most effective way to use a veto is to make the proponents of
legislation trip over their own feet in trying to get a compromise.
The administration also uses this process as a probe.  Drafts are floated,
and they get feedback.  They learn where the congressfolks really are, see
how effective the tried and true classified briefing is, see how effective
the opposition is.  Many positions can be tested with commitment to none
because there's "internal conflict."
It looks like no-lose for the administration.  If unSAFE passes, they're
ecstatic.  If nothing passes, nothing changes.  Export controls are still
there, and the "voluntary" recoverable crypto initiative continues apace.

@_date: 1997-09-18 13:49:22
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: National Security Committee amendments to SAFE 
This is not entirely correct.
I haven't thought about this for a while, that is, since we passed this
hurdle in Bernstein in April '96 -- how time flies when you're fighting
State, Commerce, NSA, and Justice.  IEEPA, as yet, lacks a preclusion
provision; they'll stick one in if they can.
We faced the issue under AECA/ITAR; 22 USC Sec. 2778(h) is designed to
preclude judicial review of export decisions.  I argued that Bernstein's
case nonetheless could be heard, because:  (i) he was challenging the law
itself, not a licensing decision; (ii) he had a constitutional claim.
Judge Patel took the latter route.
It is almost a contradiction in terms to say that a constitutional Q can't
be heard by a court.  The Supreme Court has made it difficult to preclude
judicial review of constitutional claims -- we relied on Webster v. Doe,
involving a discrimination claim against CIA, and CIA had a decent case
that the DCI has unreviewable discretion to terminate someone.  Judicial
review wasn't precluded.
The federal courts are, however, courts of limited jurisdiction.  While the
Supreme Court is built into the Constitution, its appellate jurisdiction is
greater than what Article III specifies.  Moreover, the lower federal
courts exist because Congress created them - they have the jurisdiction
that Congress set in the various Judiciary Acts.  There are nasty,
difficult Qs about how much Congress can do with that power.  It's pretty
deep federal court jurisprudence stuff, and one possible answer is that the
state courts are the final line of defense, because they are courts of
general jurisdiction.
But as a practical matter I'd say that Congress would need to amend SAFE
much more even to have a fair chance of precluding judicial review of a
First Amendment claim.  That's one reason why Bernstein is an important
Lee Tien

@_date: 1997-09-20 03:18:13
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: directed speech free? request for opinions. 
I'm confused.  What in California law makes you think that the First
Amendment doesn't apply unless you speak to more than one person?  Assuming
that's what you mean by "speech directed at an individual."

@_date: 1997-09-23 01:05:43
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: "Matchcode" technology sparks privacy flames..... 
What Tim and Declan said.
Historically, I think, third-party (3P) "notice" reflects concern about the
accuracy of files held by others and their accountability.  Much '74-era
privacy talk was about 3Ps like credit issuers making decisions about you
based on incorrect information.  Notice would help you see and correct the
files on you.  Look at the report done on personal privacy in the
information society commissioned for the Privacy Act.
These weren't then and aren't now idle concerns, but a means to an end --
"notice" -- may be being confused with an end.  I'd rather stop
"womb-to-tomb" dossiers than assure their accuracy.
IMHO "notice" of 3P info gathering misses the point.  The problems start
with first and second parties.  Remember, this is about notice for
*gathering* information, not publishing it.  That means notice even if you
never publish or use it.
If we're concerned about the gathering of personal information from public
records, for instance, why was that information collected in the first
If because the gov't is regulating a transaction or relation, is that gov't
regulation necessary?  How much of the information is really needed?  How
much information does DMV need to issue a drivers' license?
Also, requiring third parties to give notice to first parties would raise
massive first amendment issues -- much of what we and the press do is
gather personal information.  What of the address books we all keep?
The constitutional problems would not exist, IMHO, if the gov't had to
notify us when it discloses our personal information.  The gov't is a major
information trafficker, both by extracting information directly, and by
requiring us to report information to 3Ps like banks, etc.
PS.  BTW, I am not a libertarian.

@_date: 1997-09-25 14:01:38
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Oxley Amendment 
What's the path?  Given the multiple committees, is there a prescribed
sequence or do they work in parallel?
What about the Senate bills?  Suppose Solomon allows SAFE to go to the
floor.  Does SAFE need to be reconciled somehow with any Senate bill?
Could Oxley's amendment could be made on the floor, with little or no
warning?  In some sort of conference committee?
I'd love to see a simple map/diagram of all the inflection points where the
FBI/NSA forces can further twist SAFE.  Call it morbid curiosity.  Last
year's model was bad, and it's only gotten worse.

@_date: 1997-10-16 04:37:47
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Personal use crypto export 
I agree with Tim May, I believe it's no longer an issue.  While the current
EAR/crypto regs don't expressly say "personal use OK," they can be read
that way under several exemptions, and I'm reliably told that BXA does.
In the draft EAR/crypto regs posted to John Young's site some months ago,
the BAG license exception, at (d) and (f) (see below), specifically
addresses crypto.  It's only a draft and may change, but I wouldn't worry
about it.
Lee Tien
ยง740.14  Baggage (BAG).
(a)  Scope.  This License Exception authorizes individuals leaving the
United States either temporarily (i.e., traveling) or longer-term (i.e.,
moving) and crew members of exporting or reexporting carriers to take to
any destination, as personal baggage, the classes of commodities and
software described in this section.
(b)  Eligibility.  Individuals leaving the United States may export or
reexport any of the following commodities or software for personal use of
the individuals or members of their immediate families traveling with them
to any destination or series of destinations.  Individuals leaving the
United States temporarily (i.e., traveling) must bring back items exported
and reexported under this License Exception unless they consume the items
abroad or are otherwise authorized to dispose of them under the EAR.  Crew
members may export or reexport only commodities and software described in
paragraphs (b)(1) and (b)(2) of this section to any destination.
(1)  Personal effects.  Usual and reasonable kinds and quantities for
personal use of wearing apparel, articles of personal adornment, toilet
articles, medicinal supplies, food, souvenirs, games, and similar personal
effects, and their containers.
(2)  Household effects.  Usual and reasonable kinds and quantities for
personal use of furniture, household effects, household furnishings, and
their containers.
(3)  Vehicles.  Usual and reasonable kinds and quantities of vehicles, such
as passenger cars, station wagons, trucks, trailers, motorcycles, bicycles,
tricycles, perambulators, and their containers.
(4)  Tools of trade.  Usual and reasonable kinds and quantities of tools,
instruments, or equipment and their containers for use in the trade,
occupation, employment, vocation, or hobby of the traveler or members of
the household being moved.  For special provisions regarding encryption
items subject to EI controls, see paragraph (f) of this section.
(c)  Limits on eligibility.  The export of any commodity or software is
limited or prohibited, if the kind or quantity is in excess of the limits
described in this section. In addition, the commodities or software must
(1)  Owned by the individuals (or by members of their immediate families)
or by crew members of exporting carriers on the dates they depart from the
United States;
(2)  Intended for and necessary and appropriate for the use of the
individuals or members of their immediate families traveling with them, or
by the crew members of exporting carriers;
(3)  Not intended for sale or other disposal; and
(4)  Not exported under a bill of lading as cargo if exported by crew members.
(d)   *     *     * No items controlled for EI reasons may be exported or
reexported as unaccompanied baggage.
*     *     *     *     *
(f) Special provisions: encryption software subject to EI controls.
(1) Only a U.S. citizen or permanent resident as defined by 8 U.S.C.
1101(a)(20) may export or reexport encryption items controlled for EI
reasons under this License Exception.
(2) The U.S. person or permanent resident must maintain effective control
of the encryption items controlled for EI reasons.
(3) The encryption items controlled for EI reasons may not be exported or
reexported to Country Group E:2, Iran, Iraq, Sudan, or Syria.

@_date: 1997-10-29 05:27:54
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: ITAR a la Canada 
I never personally delved into the Canadian regulations.  However, Stewart
Baker wrote a summary of the differences between Canadian and U.S. crypto
export regulations.  It seems that Canada is considerably more liberal than
the United States.  Check out the article, in the publications section of

@_date: 1997-11-12 11:57:51
@_author: Lee Tien 
@_subject: Re: Matters of Law 
The 4th Circuit dec'n in Paladin is up on the FindLaw site, though when I
got it this morning parts of it were mixed up -- some footnote material got
into the body of the opinion.
These are among the amici on the appellate brief.  I'd guess they all
weighed in on Paladin's side.  It's a "publisher's rights" case -- not that
tough to pick sides.
AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION FOUNDATION; AMERICAN
CIVIL LIBERTIES UNION OF THE NATIONAL CAPITOL AREA; AMERICAN CIVIL LIBERTIES
UNION OF COLORADO; ABC, INCORPORATED; AMERICA ONLINE, INCORPORATED;
ASSOCIATION OF AMERICAN PUBLISHERS; THE BALTIMORE SUN COMPANY; E.W. SCRIPPS
COMPANY; FREEDOM TO READ FOUNDATION; MAGAZINE PUBLISHERS OF AMERICA,
INCORPORATED; MCCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS, INCORPORATED; MEDIA GENERAL, INC.; MEDIA
PROFESSIONAL INSURANCE; NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF BROADCASTERS; NEWSPAPERS
ASSOCIATION OF AMERICA; THE NEW YORK TIMES; THE REPORTERS COMMITTEE FOR
FREEDOM OF THE PRESS; SOCIETY OF PROFESSIONAL JOURNALISTS; THE WASHINGTON
Lee Tien
