
@_date: 1995-11-13 17:17:12
@_author: "Thomas Junker" 
@_subject: Re: mailing list. 
Sure.  Consider it done.
Weak attempt at crypto relevance:
Couldn't trusted date/time-stamping signing robots be used
to establish that offline ecash particles had reached
certain points in their journey?  Might not a bank say
that in the event of a dispute, it will accept the ecash
copy signed earliest by Framis Signer or specified
alternate with claimant's ID inside the disposable
signature wrapper?  I suppose one might just as well authenticate the ecash with the bank itself, except that the signed copy allows withholding identity unless and until there is a dispute.
 ------------  ------------
 ---------------------------------------------------------
Unofficial Wang VS Information Center

@_date: 1995-11-11 01:04:46
@_author: "Thomas Junker" 
@_subject: Re: the revolution of microcurrency 
On  9 Nov 95 at 15:47, Vladimir Z. Nuri  I don't think so.
What's happening is that while some people try to impose
book and magazine notions onto the Web, others gleefully
splatter the landscape with everything from the interesting
to the awful but are generally stopped short of making a
living at it by the absence of workable means of asking for
and receiving nominal sums.  Meanwhile, some other people are realizing that today's
$30/yr newsletter of 20,000 circulation will become
tomorrow's 25-cent-per-copy newsletter of 2 or 3 hundred
thousand "circulation," making more total money and
reaching and influencing far more people. A much larger
volume of information will be worth a penny or less for a
peek.  When those transactions become close to transparent
and of unnoticeable latency, *then* we will see the
explosion that will put present Web growth into
perspective as the baby crawl that it is.
This doesn't amount to putting locks and chains on Web pages any more than newsstands put locks and chains on newspapers or magazines.  When it's cheap enough and the transaction is a no-brainer, the buyer gets easy access while the publisher has reason to be there publishing, and neither worries too much about the value of the single No, the point is that you have to have a way of making something or you won't have any incentive to generate the information or make it available to others.  The news for today is that the way of making something on small amounts of low-value information is almost at hand.
Standards are not the product.  Standards are what help
make a market possible for products that must interface
with other products.  The closed-system people may have seen this in the momentary light of their extinction.
Don't hold your breath.
Intellectual property is not new.  What's new are
distribution and fee collection systems with the potential
for incremental costs approaching zero.  Most of the
infrastructure for that is in place, in fact has been in
place for quite a few years.  What has been missing has been the critical mass of users actually participating, and near-zero cost payment mechanisms.  I'm spectacularly disappointed by the initial ecash and payment offerings, since they seem to miss the whole point and be aimed at web-transacted business no different that the high-overhead transactions that take place face-to-face in retail stores and by phone and mail.
Freely-distributable shareware has been around for 10-15 years, and has grown from being the computer field's butt for bad jokes to a maturing distribution methodology that supports an increasing number of author/publishers offering some quite substantial and solid products.  It did this, by the way, without substantial benefit or contribution from the Internet or the Web.
A big part of what is happening with microtransaction
evolution is that the buyer will be able to consider,
decide, and pay, all in the space of a second.  You can
forget about anything based on paying in "advance," and
all those draconian mechanisms -- they won't exist because
they won't need to exist.  Instant payment at very low
prices collapses whole ranges of problems that no longer
need be addressed.
We have "voluntary payment" now in most transactions not
involving the government.
You don't actually collect anything, though.  I guess you make it up in volume, right?
You've got *part* of an idea here, but it's mixed up with
another idea.  It is already common for people with
service or product to sell to offer "free" information in
the form of articles, papers, small utilities, demos that
may actually have some use, and occasionally, fully
functional products.  In the field of intellectual
property in the electronic age, the incremental cost of a
copy approaches zero, so there is no great investment in
doing this.  There is, however, always something larger
FOR SALE, something that is being promoted by the
favorable exposure.  What is being given away is not the
final product one hopes to sell -- it is a loss leader,
something that in the field of information costs precious
little to run off.
People as marketplace players do not think like that.
People as marketplace players do not think like that.  The way some of them *may* think is, "I like this product;
it will evolve; my payment for a $1 license today entitles
me to new versions for a year; so this is a Smart Move."
Also: "I like this digest article.  I like the way this author thinks and expresses himself.  It's a no-brainer to pay 20 cents for a copy of his full newsletter."  "Lock" and "no value" are not how patent is generally
viewed.  Xerox, Polaroid, IBM, Dow, duPont, et al would be
amused at your view.
You first.  Dissemination of *something* leads to exposure, establishment of credibility, *reputation*, in a word.  That, in turn, gets you in the door for actual sales, whether of yourself, your funding proposal, or your actual product or service.  *That*, in turn, *may* lead to profits, assuming you have a whole bunch of other ducks in a row and manage your business well.
Yep, yep, I'm sold, just show me where to dump all these great ideas so I can get rich, quick.
Uh, um, in a word, "Yes."
It was late, right?  You'd been up for a long time, right?  You were getting the aching-back, numb-fingered madrugada sillies, right?  You mailed this in the afternoon because you'd slept it off by then and forgotten what you'd written, No, of course not!
Which only the originator can do, of course.
Yeah, history really shows this to be an effective principle on which to peg the survival of inventors.
Yep.  Liberating it clear away from planet Earth.  Revolutionary, as in, "orbital."
This *is* part of the point, V.  Physical manufacture and
distribution of printed magazines have inherent floor costs
and necessary economies of scale that are blown away in
electronic media on the Web.  Just plug in a way for quick and easy micropayment and the real revolution will be off and running.
Yes, but not with payment after the fact on the honor
system.  Sit down with *any* of the numerous vendors from
whom you presently buy living space, food, municipal
services, phone service, Internet access, car repairs,
etc., and try convincing them that you should get the
product first, and if you like it you will pay. Later. I believe this is called "The Free Market," and it has
little to do with any concept of "pay what you think it's
worth after you use it."  The Internet is exploding in
part because it is the *only* free market in the world,
though a market in tenuous and vaporous ideas and
information propagated for many reasons other than direct
pecuniary benefit.  A micropayment mechanism will allow
the net to mature into a fully functioning free market in
information and services of value on which many of the
participants will support themselves.  Many of those
products and services do not presently exist as such. "Companies" will be quite virtual and non-geocentric, and
will form and disband in the ether. Too, everyone's
low-cost opinion soapbox will sprout a 1-cent sign on it,
and the ones with something to say that others want to read
will make something on their expression of thoughts,
research, and other information while the ones no one cares
to pay for will wither or preach to themselves.
I disagree.  I believe you're right about the imminent
revolution that will take off when the micropayment
mechanism falls into place, and several of the
underpinnings you present in support of that view, but I
think you've misread what this is about and where it's
The crypto relevance is that everything is in place for profound new growth in a new form of commerce, awaiting only an effective mechanism that will allow one to make a fraction-of-a-second decision and click on something to at once authorize a micropayment and navigate somewhere.  Web page designers will work out how to best use it and how to package the information it buys.  Storable pre-authorization tokens would be nice, so that one can make a decision that persists through subsequent accesses and only pops up for review if the price changes.  And it's got to be smooth enough for Grandma to use it.
 ------------  ------------
 ---------------------------------------------------------
Unofficial Wang VS Information Center
