
@_date: 1997-09-14 17:40:34
@_author: "Thomas Junker" 
@_subject: Re: A Reality Check & the Full Citizenship Campaign 
I disagree. "They" instinctively perceive that they have a PR
climate in which they have successfully elevated the Horsemen to
deities that no politician who values his reelection will challenge.
The whole situation has been engineered, in part for this moment.
They will do it this session if they can, otherwise next session.
If you haven't noticed, we are well down on the slippery slope of
acceptance of unconstitutional legislation and executive acts. With the substitution of outrageously unconstutional language for the original text of SAFE, the slope has just steepened dramatically and the edge above is pretty well out of reach.  The problem is that no constitution has the power to enforce itself.
It depends entirely on a wide, usually mostly unstated agreement
that its principles are Very Important Things.  Liberia, you may
recall, copied the U.S. Constitution almost to the word, and it did
them no good whatsoever because the people were not imbued with the
spirit of the document.  It's quite remarkable that any semblance of our Constitution has lasted as long as it has, but it's pretty obvious that the general understanding and agreement that holds such things in place has passed below critical mass in the U.S.  The government is now moving into "anything goes" mode.  That's when the slope becomes nearly vertical.
Some thought the same of the CDA. In a few years more some will be saying the same of some death camp bill. It's all relative, and the relative window in this step-wise game of incremental slavery is quite narrow these days.
Right, but it's illustrative of the problem that one writes, "and
the rights of citizenship the state concedes," because this nation
was founded on no such basis.  The state conceded nothing because the
state was considered to have no natural powers, unlike the
contemporary view in the rest of the world then, and for the most
part, now.  Both the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution
make it pretty clear that the foundation for the U.S. government is
the delegation of powers from individuals endowed with natural
rights.  Most of the rest of the world still functions on the model
of a soveriegn state which graciously grants rights to its
citizen-units and can withdraw them by the same power.  It's a
fundamental differenc that few people outside the U.S. even
Also, as has been suggested in another post, this is about *money*,
not national security. Or it's about *power*. Or *money* as the
lifeblood of *state power*. I doubt there is a politician or bureaucrat above the level of Mayberry who actually fears *any* of the Horsemen. On the contrary, the Horsemen are the statists' best friends. Without the hyped dangers there would be little excuse for the stepwise evisceration of the Constitution and the construction of the most technologically advanced police state in the history of This latest assault on the Constitution was inevitable. Only the timing may have been affected by pro-crypto legislative efforts. Major grabs of power are almost always preceded by a period of softening up by PR bombardment, exactly what we've been seeing for the last couple of years. Any time you see a concerted PR campaign to demonize something it's a lead pipe cinch that it will culminate in a move to grab power. Trace things back to the beginning of the PR campaign and that's the point in time when the ultimate objective was already in the sights of the movers and shakers behind the campaign.

@_date: 1997-09-14 17:45:35
@_author: "Thomas Junker" 
@_subject: Re: Letter to Senator Bryan, was Re: Key Recovery is Bad for US 
Note, too, how well the Senator firmly straddles the fence all
through the letter, agreeing somewhat with one position but
remaining concerned about the flip side.  It's a complete CYA job,
part of a library of boilerplate updated as the issues come and go,
and designed to make every correspondent feel like the Senator
understands the constituent's position regardless of what it may
really be. It's the ultimate in "reasonable," "responsible"
Newspeak and scarcely touched by human hands, much less Senatorial

@_date: 1997-09-15 15:37:37
@_author: "Thomas Junker" 
@_subject: Re: Federal motivation 
And I think that a tremendous obstacle here is a fairly widespread and definitely human tendency to ascribe innocent or misguided motivation to what are, objectively, consummately *evil* deeds. Those are not bumpkins up there in Congress. Some may question their IQs but of those congresscritters are crafty lawyers. The few who aren't lawyers are just crafty. That's how they got there and that's how they build their power and wealth bases once there, in jobs that don't pay enough to make any honest person rich.
Virtually any resource one could name could be similarly demonized, as the beleaguered gun owners well know. Criminals enjoy safe and comfortable transportation by car, bus, train and jetliner. They sustain their mortal coils with food. They breathe air. Anything that is commonly used or useful can be said to nurture, further, encourage or protect the criminal element.  The logical response is, "So what?"  The emotional, PR knee-jerk reaction of a public only superficially
involved with anything outside the confines of their complicated
little sitcom-and-sports lives is to nod in robotic agreement and
sit still while breathing permits are passed into law, to be revoked
only when one of those nasty, awful bad guys uses air in furtherance of a political crime. By the time breathing permits are routinely revoked for expired car tags Joe Lunchbucket is in way over his head.
This stuff is serious. This pattern is not new -- it is just new
*here*, a development of the last 20 years. Similar slippery slopes
have been traveled in other countries, in other times. These times
are getting way too interesting for comfort.

@_date: 1997-10-14 03:50:16
@_author: "Thomas Junker" 
@_subject: Re: Attitude and Assumptions 
While I agree with the general points you make in your Crypto Blues, I also agree with what I am reading from others regarding paving the way for GAK.  This is probably because you didn't actually deal with those criticisms individually in your rant.
To say that you will draw a line somewhere down the road is ineffectual. It's not unlike the gun owners who won't join an organization, won't communicate with their elected representatives, and rely on "Well, if they come for *my* gun, they'll have to pry it from my cold, dead fingers!"  It's too late by then.  If and when it comes time for one or more of you to decide to quit rather than do what is wrong, it will be way too late.  I'm reminded of the far-left-liberal comic and actor Dennis whatshisname who, in a standup act, made reference to the "cold, dead fingers" view of some gun owners and said, "That'll work!"
Whoever it was who said that the capitalists would sell the communists the rope with which to hang them was right.  It is even worse in today's brain-dead business world where policy decisions are made by bean counters who can't see more than 90 days past their bottom line and have no visibility whatsoever of the rich component mix of that bottom line.  I have no doubt that if and when the time comes that the government puts out RFPs for ID chip implant systems or tattooing barcodes on our foreheads there will be no scarcity of companies lining up to get the contracts.  Free enterprise doesn't automatically confer intelligence, forward view, or an understanding of freedom and the long-term consequences of undermining it.
It is incumbent on everyone who favors individual liberty and
privacy to do everything possible to prevent the infrastructure for
GAK and other police state measures from being put into place.  Adam
Back is entirely correct in believing only in technical solutions,
not words.  It must remain technically difficult, even impractical,
for politicians and bureaurats to simply prescribe how mechanisms
put in place by well-meaning people will be used to invade privacy
and monitor communications.  The best defense against censorship is
a technological structure that defeats censorship before it starts. The best defense against the destruction of privacy is a
technological structure that makes invasion of privacy difficult or
impossible.  It is far better to have a system in which a
destructive proposal fits badly and threatens to cause innumerable
uncontrollable consequences than one which lays the groundwork for
the easy implementation of destructive proposals.
The risk-of-loss set of arguments is also in some ways a large red herring.  There is nothing particularly unique about crypto that makes the potential loss of information qualitatively different than countless garden variety risks with which people deal every day.  May organizations have stopped backing up desktop PCs.  Most everyone tried to do those backups at one time, but as disk sizes and data volumes increased it became impractical in many organizations.  This represents a far greater risk than the loss of messages or files the same employees may keep in encrypted form, but there are no interest groups or government bodies trying to propose Desktop PC Escrow systems.
Many employees wittingly or unwittingly use the strongest crypto in
existence, from which there is *no* recovery under any circumstances
should the employee drop dead: wetware storage.  Rate of
technological change and increasingly full "plates" have combined to
reduce documentation to historic lows.  If a document becomes
obsolete, even false, virtually the moment it is completed, it is
less likely to be written.  If it's never written because its durability is in question or there is too much else to do, it can never be recovered except from the functioning mind of the custodian of the information, but no one is proposing "brain escrow."  The costs of dealing with the loss of an employee with a headful of unique knowledge are becoming an expected and largely unnoticed thing, like the expectation of a third world business that a simple action like fixing a piece of hardware may involve a large multiple of the time and money it would cost in any U.S. city.  And still the bean counters haven't a clue.
It is even quite common these days that when one of those custodians
leaves an organization there is insufficient staffing to make even a
feeble attempt to pick up what the departing person has left behind.
Rate of obsolescence aggravates this by making it seem easier to
just implement the next version or product than pick up the pieces
of managing the old one.  I've seen people depart, leaving a cube
full of diskettes, manuals and, presumably, notes, only to see the
organization move someone else with different job responsibilities
into the cube and never, ever, not even once retrieve or look at any
of the materials of the departed employee -- not their PC, their
files, their desk, their file cabinets, their manuals -- nothing.
Individuals can also wipe their mail files, wipe their disks, suffer disk failures, etc.  They can take the only copy of something home and die in a fiery car crash.  They can drop their laptops from heights more than the prescribed 2 inches.  It is not possible to list the ways in which information can be lost and/or compromised, ways with which key recovery cannot possibly attempt to deal.  Since many of those things happen all the time in the real world on a daily basis it goes unnoticed that the vast majority of them are dealt with by the people involved without comment and largely without noticeable adverse consequences, just as when smoking was common in offices it wasn't particularly noticed that most offices didn't burn down despite the widespread use of open flame and smoldering materials in tens, perhaps hundreds of millions of instances daily.
Loss of encrypted information is almost a non-issue in reality, somewhat like the non-issue of the risk of flying by scheduled airline.  Crypto, like airliners, increases the probability that a loss will be more noticeable by virtue of quantity, but has no inherent effect on the likelihood that a greater percentage of total information will be lost.  An employee generally exercises the same type of diligence in this area as in the myriad other areas where some thought and action must be directed at preventing catastrophic loss.  The motivation is the same, too:  retention of employment and avoidance of lawsuit.  An operations manager already has to figure out how to make sure that last year's backups will not only be physically safeguarded but also capable of being read and restored should they be needed, for example.  There is nothing more magic about "crypto" than there is about "backup" in this sense.
Crypto, like the Internet, is a mere conceptual hook on which the
ignorant (strongly represented in the so-called "news" media) can
hang a set of alarms and not necessarily needed solutions.  It's an umbrella under which those who have nothing better to do can collect a set of issues for conceptual amplification and synergistic alarm enhancement, obscuring the fact that many functional counterparts to those issues are in the fabric of everyday business work.  The mere use of a computer involves a larger quantity and more
serious degree of "gotchas" than arise in the use of crypto on those
computers, and has for many decades. The manpower lost in the 10+
years it took us all to move past the 640K limit and the 1960's
technology of DOS on the PC platform probably exceeded what would be required to do brute force solutions of the worldwide Y2K problem.  Imagine that someone had latched onto the business danger of loss of
source code in 1960 and had sensitized everyone to the issue to the point where this kind of discussion and debate were being conducted over the need for national and worldwide standards and mechansisms for commercial and government protection against the loss of source code.  Imagine the Congress of the U.S. effectively taking the position that businesses are too stupid to safeguard the source code that runs their enterprises and that the government must require the filing of copies of all source code in case anyone loses some.  Or that all compilers and source editors have source recovery features.  Would that have sounded reasonable at any time in the last 30-40 years?  Would it sound reasonable today?
Yes, some people and organizations have lost source code.  No, most
people and organizations have not lost their critical source code. Those that do tend to weed themselves out, just as those who tend to
make bad decisions and take self-destructive actions in any area of
life, business or personal, tend to reduce their own effectiveness and participation in the game.
GAK is different, of course, in that it brings the agenda of the politics of power into the fray, and thus crypto has become the subject of an array of efforts as disingenuous as the safety arguments of unions when fighting to preserve a completely obsolete and useless job function.  All of a sudden governments who never gave a rat's ass about the risks to commercial entities of losses of any other kind of information in any other context are falling all over themselves to promote GAK because they are suddenly overcome by altruism.  Right.  Or because they have had a revelation and have remembered that commerce is good for the country and government is supposed to be a means of providing stable legal and public safety structure and not an end in and of itself.  Sure.  Government never misses a chance to take opportunistic advantage, and
the chance to treat crypto as something qualitatively different than
thousands of other business and personal privacy questions and
mechanisms is too good to pass up.  The opportunity for government
to gain access to information that just happens to be digital is of
far greater significance than any offered justification based on the
danger to businesses that they will be too stupid to assure their
own access to their own information or the danger to nations that a
few people or groups of people may be able to communicate in ways
that preclude surveillance.  The only thing that GAK is about is
government power over individuals and groups -- the gradual
conversion of citizens into subjects, just without all the trappings
of old-fashioned royalty and notions of the divine right of kings.  Governments see this as an opportunity to gain access to private communications in ways that would never have been acceptable in the days of paper letters and envelopes.  Because politicobureaucrats, like ants, cooperate instinctively to concentrate power in the halls of authority we see mulitple facets to the attack on privacy, but they are only that -- facets of the same ugly stone.
If the best minds fall into step to build and facilitate the
mechanisms to destroy individual liberty because "someone will do
it," we are lost.  If "someone" does it, but the best minds are
working to make a police state technologically infeasible, we may
not see the light of freedom extinguished after all.  In the past
this battle was heavily influenced by material resources. Increasingly, the playing field is being leveled by technology.  The
likelihood that a small number of individuals can significantly
influence the balance has passed the threshold of credible
probability, witness Phil's PGP and numerous other developments. This likelihood is on an upward trend, but the forces of darkness
are also making better and better use of technology.  Every person
who can make a difference and isn't committed to individual freedom
is an effective participant in its destruction.  If we have to
explain to our children and grandchildren why they have microchip
transponders in their asses and all their communications are
archived by the government it will be a pretty weak justification to
say that we brought home the paychecks without interruption.
Thomas Junker

@_date: 1997-10-27 16:39:17
@_author: "Thomas Junker" 
@_subject: Re: Technical Description of PGP 5.5 
How about *no* recovery, eh?  Is that not less intrusive?
Recovery of messages in transit is a complete red herring.  Such
messages are not recoverable now except by means that are complete
no-brainers ("Joe, I never got your reply to my request for
blah-blah, did you send it?  If so, please resend.")  Isn't the mere
fact that such messages might be encrypted both incidental and
inconsequential?  Add to that the *fact* that Internet email is
nowhere as unreliable as so many seem to suggest.  The only losses
of email that I've ever seen were attributable to user error or ISP
outage, not to failure of delivery attributable to the network. I've maintained threads of back and forth email exceeding 600 message cycles without the thread being broken by failure of a message to arrive at its intended destination.
Recovery of messages in transit is entirely a snooping issue, Recovery of stored messages and files also seems to me to be a
solution to a largely imaginary problem.  As I wrote before, there
are more ways and more likely ways to lose data than through keeping
encrypted files.  People live with it.  If they wish to address it,
either individually or institutionally, they can do so without
special features in PGP.  A feature in mail clients to store the decrypted message in place of the original would do more to avoid loss of stored encrypted messages than anything else I've seen This reminds me a lot of the objections of a few to sending EDI traffic over the Internet.  When I proposed this in recent years I got a wail from some people over the loss of third-party time stamping and message delivery verification that can occur in the simpler scenarios of bypassing the cash-cow Value Added Networks.  But, um, didn't everyone print those documents on *paper* and drop them into USPS *mail boxes* just a few short years ago?  What reliable third party time stamping and message delivery verification did they have then?  Am I mistaken or didn't the entire economy function on the basis of snail-mailed invoices and other documents? How on earth did people manage under those primitive circumstances?
How on earth can people manage email and disk files without the ability to "recover" data that can be lost in a thousand other ways that no encryption package can protect against.  Geez.  Let's get real here.
Thomas Junker
