
@_date: 1993-06-14 12:35:50
@_author: Tom Knight 
@_subject: Re: request for patent info 
Full text of patents and claims are available (for a fee) from Dialog
Information Systems on-line.  Subscribers can access it in file 654.
If there are particular patents that are important and that we need full
text versions of quickly, I can oblige.  Also extremely useful is the
cross-indexing and forward references, so that you can find all patents,
e.g., which reference a particular patent as prior art.

@_date: 1993-06-16 15:00:07
@_author: Tom Knight 
@_subject: Re: fast des 
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1993 11:09 EDT
    From: smb
    I don't know of any 2.4 gbps DES chips, but DEC has built a 1 gbps
    chip.
   ....  Key-loading is a different operation,
    and that might not go nearly as fast.  Any hardware assists (i.e., DMA)
    would be for the data, not for the next key to use on the same block of
    data.
Usually the limiting factor is examining the  decrypted data
for statistically significant patterns indicating that you have the
correct key.  The fast DES chips don't help with this at all.  A known
plaintext attack, of course, doesn't have this problem, but these are
probably of limited interest in real applications.

@_date: 1993-06-17 07:18:41
@_author: Tom Knight 
@_subject: Contempt of court 
I wouldn't want to encourage anyone to contempt of court, but, strictly
hypothetically, there is a very simple way to answer the request to hand
over keys to encrypted data.  Simply assure that you have a copy of the
encrypted data available, then construct one-time-pad data of the same
length as the encrypted data, such that when the two are XORed, you get
your choice of plaintext.  Hand over the "one time pad."  This argues
powerfully that one might want such one time pads available and in use
even if you are really using a more convenient encryption technology.
Kids: don't do this at home.

@_date: 1993-06-27 19:25:47
@_author: Tom Knight 
@_subject: SEARCH ME 
Date: Fri, 25 Jun 1993 15:17 EDT
    From: 76630.3577 (Duncan Frissell)
    When amonium nitrate and diesel fuel in a 16 to 1 ratio are outlawed     only outlaws (and farmers) will have amonium nitrate and diesel fuel in     a 16 to 1 ratio.
If you're going to be cool and make ANFO, you gotta spell it rite:
Ammonium nitrate.  Don't leave your correct name and address on the
rental car, either.
Kids: Don't do this at home.

@_date: 1993-08-02 11:27:34
@_author: Tom Knight 
@_subject: Re: SKIPJACK PANEL 
Date: Mon, 2 Aug 1993 13:52 EDT
    From: thug (Murdering Thug)
    To review:  1) The key escrow aspect is a wild goose chase.
Dr. Thug ignores the most obvious weakness, which is likely in the key
generation process.  By selecting the key from a relatively small
keyspace (say 40 bit equivalent, rather than the 80 bit nominal
keyspace) the cost of exhaustive search can be dramatically lowered to
those who know the basis of key selection, without any outward evidence
of tampering, weakness of the algorithm, weakness of the chip,
vulnerability to external attacks, special hardware to respond to
trapdoor codes, etc.
Examining the chip hardware for correctness will not discover this
attack.  Only providing users with the ability to program their own
keys, together with public disclosure of the Skipjack algorithm and
verification of its implementation can help.
If there are a significant number of weak keys in the Skipjack algorithm
(which is explicitly denied in the panel report) then even this approach
could be dangerous.

@_date: 1993-08-11 11:56:59
@_author: Tom Knight 
@_subject: Re: Chaos harnessed for encryption / Fluctuations and Order research 
This is how I see the situation:
 Neural Nets : Computers  ::  Chaotic analog encryption : DES
The chaotic encryption work depends on a secret algorithm, no less.  If
you want a system which works, do it digitally.  If you want to play and
get papers accepted to the next hot-topic-of-the-day conference, go play
with some op amps.  If you want to play, there's an article in SciAm
this month on building a chaotic "encryption" machine.  It probably
provides acceptable security if you use triple DES on signals prior to
sending them.

@_date: 1993-08-11 15:12:06
@_author: Tom Knight 
@_subject: Clipper trapdoor? 
You didn't read the original clipper announcement carefully.  It never
said that all access to the escrowed keys was to be handled through
warrants.  Clearly the other weasel word access techniques envisioned
included requests from the Agencies.
My paranoid fantasy, actually, is that we are really seeing phase I of a
longer term plan, which will result in outlawing non-escrowed keys.  The
way it works is this:
Skipjack is distributed.  A clever group of nameless individuals obtains
some components.  Through significant effort, they determine the
algorithm and family key, and they are published.  Phase II: mock
Agency uproar ensues, NSA claims it tried to be "reasonable" about
escrowed keys, but obviously the bad guys have demonstrated that they
can't be trusted.  The only way to solve the "problem" is to outlaw
non-escrowed key cryptography.

@_date: 1993-09-01 12:59:58
@_author: Tom Knight 
@_subject: Fair Use 
Date: Wed, 1 Sep 1993 13:44 EDT
    From: danodom (Dan Odom)
    Is this just for RSA, or for all patents?  If PKP wanted to forbid
    academic use of RSA (or require a license for it), could they legally
    do so?  Assume for now that the patent is valid, which it may not
    be...
    I ask all this because I often hear researchers looking for a cure for
    (insert your favorite aliment here) complain that they have to pay
    patent royalties on the gentically-modified animals they use in their
    work, and if, say, two patented rabbits produce offspring, they
    have to pay royalties on each of the offspring as well.  This is
    academic use (to me anyway; I don't know about legally), but requires
    royalties.
The exemption from patent protection applies only to research which
attempts to improve or extend the patented idea.  Thus, if you were
breeding patented insulin-dependant rabbits with the intent to produce
better ones, this would be acceptable.  If, however, you wanted to test
your new diabetic drug on the rabbits, then you owe the patent holder a
Using PGP (as opposed to writing a new one, or improving it, or
attempting to use it in new ways), even by academics, is probably
questionable in the US under patent law.  Developing new versions of RSA
code or algorithms clearly is legal, even for private commercial firms.
Patenting the improvements is legal and encouraged.  Selling or using
a patented invention, even internally, is prohibited.
So it all depends.  Are you a user or an improver?  Can you make a
legitimate claim to be testing new ideas, implementations, or
applications, or are you just using someone else's implementation.
A paper trail showing that you are thinking about ways to improve or
further develop the ideas might be a powerful defense.  Like, for
example, messages to this forum.
