
@_date: 1998-05-01 12:38:51
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Epilogue 7.3 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Epilogue 7.3 Rev. 2.7-SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
 I'm in an apologetic mood this morning, so I would like to take this opportunity to tell those who I have offended in the past, and those who I may offend in the future by my boorish behavior which reflects a total lack of both character and proper upbringing...
  Well, I'd like to tell them all to "FUCK OFF AND DIE!"
  Nothing personal, gang, but as some famous guy once said,
   I really should apologize for being too fucking lazy to grab a pitchfork and go through my filing system to properly attribute the quote above...but I won't.
  You see, I have no social skills. None. Nada. Null.
  I should also apologize for never having made an effort to acquire proper social skills...but I won't.
  In a society in which Finger Pointing (TM) is endemic among those who harbor a secret desire to live in a world epitomized by the movie, 'The Running Man', it borders on self-abuse to add to the mountains of accusations that society already heaps upon one for even the smallest of deviations from a 'norm' which is widely held up to be 'common sense' / 'the way things are' / 'obvious to any decent, God Fearing [Your nationality or religion here] individual'.
  Being a Deviant From The NormChomsky School of Social UnSchooling ('Norm' is unlikely to lay awake at night waiting for the phone to ring, in order to receive my apology for fucking up his name), I have long recognized that those who consider themselves to be 'God fearing Americans' are, in actuality, often 'Dog fearing Americans' whose beliefs and actions are the result, not of a fear of 'Holy God' roasting their sorry, morally sinning ass, but rather, the result of the fear of the 'Unholy Dog', who is at the end of the leash being held by the Enforcers of Law and Order, Family Values, Cryptography Export Regulations and the Eleventh Commandment (EveryThingNotPermittedIsForbidden).
  It's a predatory universe, and the human animal is the chief predator. (A fact that would be readily confirmed by Ms. PARKER of TV's latest biosemiotic hint of man's future evolution, 'Prey'.)
  'World's Scariest Police Chases' is nothing more than a pilot program for a variety of 'Running Man Electronic Realities' which are only waiting for proper technological development and implementation before John and Jane Savage will be able to tune their Infrared Digital Brain Implant in the proper channel where they can hear the scream of the tires and feel the wetness of the blood as a car full of teenagers slams into a concrete wall while trying to flee the deadly hunting hounds who are trained to both instill and track the scent of fear in their prey.
  What is a human life worth?
  Apparently, it is worth less than the cost of a minor traffic ticket, whether it is the life of the person who failed to signal their turn (even though there was no moving traffic anywhere in sight), or the life of some unfortunate child who crossed the street at an inopportune time, on their way home to their birthday party.
  Of course, to be fair, we must keep in mind that the person fleeing the minor traffic offense may be a pedophile, and if the death of an innocent child saves the life of just one innocent child...uuhhh...never mind...
  Don't hold your breath waiting for 'World's Scariest Police Chases Resulting In The Deaths Of Innocent Bystanders.' (Can you say "Watch me and I'll bleed you 'cause you eat the shit I feed you...And when somebody's mother gets machine gunned in the street, we'll send some Joker with a Brownie, so you'll see it all, complete...?" Sure you can...)
  The price of a human life is just as cheap in America as it is in what are held to be 'less civilized' areas of the world, but the advertising experts and spin-doctors in charge of 'Manufacturing Consent' in the American people for submissive subjugation to Heavily Armed Thugs have had the advantage of decades of experience in exercising Control Over Access To Information and thus shape the jigs upon which our Consent To Agree To 'The Way Things Are' is Manufactured at any given point in time.
  The danger that Unregulated Access To Information presents to the current structure of government, business and society, is that it allows any member of the human race to participate in the Manufacturing of Consent as to what is acceptable and what is unacceptable in the areas of our life which are shared with various layers of the Social Onion.
  For instance, this very missive might be seen as an attempt by the Author to Manufacture Consent for any individuals who feel their life is threatened by the dangerous driving of law enforcement personnel to 'pop a cap' in their ignorant brains as they drive by, if the threat they pose to one's safety can be removed with little likelyhood of endangering others.
  Remember, 'If it saves the life of a single child...'
  The size, shape, function, model number and serial number of Consent depends largely on where, how and by whom it is Manufactured.
  How the fuck did WeTheSheeple manage to allow ourselves to be manipulated into giving our Consent for Janet Reno to slaughter a spiritual community of men, women and children who died a horrible, screaming, fiery death for holding unconventional religious views? How the fuck did WeTheSheeple manage to sit up straight in our chairs and quit fidgeting, while giving our Consent for the mainstream media to feed us Law and Order pamphlets handed out by the same Department of Justice criminal monsters who slaughtered our fellow citizens?
  How the fuck do WeTheSheeple manage to watch dozens of police cars endangering the public with their dangerous driving in order to prevent a single vehicle from endangering the public and manage to give our Consent for them turning traffic rules into excuses for violating the Constitutional rights of the citizens and using deadly force against anyone who attempts to avoid violation of their civil rights and affronts to their human dignity?
  Vin ThePolishKike, who I revere for the sanity and wisdom which he brings to his Mountain Media News releases (even though I'm too lazy to look up how to spell his unAmerican name, and can't resist taking a few cheap, racist shots at him just to attempt to suitably repay him for his contributions to our Biosemiotic Evolution by helping to ensure that he will 'Never Forget'), has not been remiss in exercising his Dog-given right to participate in the Manufacturing of Consent,  by expessing the view (which I am about to badly misquote), "We have reached the point where it is morally right to shoot the bastards, but it is not yet feasible to do so."
  "Who will help me to Manufacture Consent to Nuke DC?" said the little Red May.
  "Who will help me Manufacture Consent to engage the bastards in a continuous rEvolutionary battle where our targets are chosen, as much as possible, rather than being just random victims of misguided rage?" said the little White Weber.
  "Who will help me Manufacture Consent to avoid endangering innocent children by refusing to drive dangerously in order to escape the armed thugs, and instead seizing every safe opportunity to resist their oppression by stealth and craftiness, if possible, but by violence and death, if necessary?" said the little Black ArmyOfDogMongrel.
  As a member of the Congress of WeThePeople who have as much right to Manufacture Consent as do the members of the corrupt Congress of WeTheSheepShearers, I am casting my vote upon the waters of opinion in favor of restoring the right of WeThePeople to individually and collectively institute the Death Penalty for Oppressors.
  I am adding my voice to those of others with the wisdom and courage to do their part in Manufacturing Consent for their fellow citizens to stop and shake the hand of the individual who took the time and trouble to 'pop a cap' in the brains of the dangerous armed thugs endangering the populace with their stupidity and carelessness in matching the insanity of those they claim to be protecting us from.
  The next time you have an opportunity to watch 'The Running Man', make a point of noticing that the 'contestants' haven't been brainwashed into meekly submitting to whatever form of armed violence is directed toward them for their real or imagined crimes. And make a point of noticing who your heart, mind and soul are rooting for...
  Then ask yourself if you want to live a life where you meekly submit to all manner of affronts to your rights and human dignity, while numbing yourself to 'the way things are In Reality' by opiating your psyche with Digital Emmisions from the Puppet Masters which are designed to use Virtual Reality to compensate for the thoughts and emotions you are required to suppress and deny in your Physical, Emotional and Mental Daily Realities.
  Thelma and Louise had the right idea...they just should have waited until there was a cherry-top in front of them...

@_date: 1998-05-01 12:38:56
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Epilogue 8.2 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Epilogue 8.2, Rev. 1.8 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS !!!
"Lord knows when the cold wind blows, it will turn your head around."
~ James Taylor
  Adversity tends to break down the smooth functioning of our comfortably programmed beliefs via forcing a change in our ordinary habits of perception in regard to the world around us. This is true whether the adversity or perceived threat is real or imagined.
  When some aspect of our survival, including the survival of our comfortably programmed mental, emotional and physical states, is threatened, we tend to become aware of things which were previously invisible or vaguely opaque elements of our environment, or to see things that were already encompassed by the range of our usual perceptive viewpoint in an entirely different way.
  One might compare a kick in the ass to a software program interrupt that boots one out of the preprogrammed loop that they follow as a matter of routine, and throws them into a reactive EITHER/OR 'fight or flight' routine. Or, if they happen to be wired and programmed to be able to function using higher level logic and languages than are necessitated by mere survival, they might branch to a series of nested conditional loops which, like Tai Chi, enables them to act in whatever manner is most fitting given the original goal of their program and taking into consideration the nature of the error message that was imparted to their backside by an unexpected boot process.
  "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was RTFM!"
  Three days after I betrayed my Toshiba Tecra laptop for thirty cans of Silver Bullet, enabling the Roman BorderGuards to take it away to be crucified upon the Cross of Free Speech, I rolled back the stone at the door of the cave where the body of my Opus SPARCard 2 lay and dragged it out into the light of day where, seeing its own shadow, it predicted that there would be three more weeks of Snow Crash.
  Computer Gods work in mysterious ways, especially when I am drunk, which probably explains why THEY came to me in a double-vision and I once again heard the inner voice which had been silenced by years of medication and therapy. The voice said, "OPUS is not dead, but merely sleepeth."
  After paying alms to the Used PC Priests and offering a 386 IBM-PC up for sacrifice to the UNIX rising from the ashes, I  instituted a GNU World Order among the Byteizens living in the Land of PROM, and my SPARCard 2 came to life, feeding off of the flesh of the DOS interface which the Computer God, OPUS, had destined to serve at the feet of the Eunuchs Masters.
  "I shall deliver you up out of Redmond, past the Gates of the Pharoh, and I shall be your Get, and you shall be my Pipe-l."
  Since the resurrection of my SPARCard 2, every day begins with a miracle of life, as the Spirit of the Father of Eunuchs, the Sun OS, and the "Holy Shit! Great Caesar's Ghost...it works!" is breathed into the NULL PROM registers by the laying of hands on the keyboard, sending shivers down the spines of Daemons, Zombies and Orphan Zombies.
   I've got a KILL command, and I'm not afraid to use it...
  Of course, the Holy Roman Empire is not about to fold up its tent and cancel its plans to build the Fourth Reich on the Tomb of the UnStoned Soldier of the Army of Dog just because an unrepentant WinLuser has temporarily escaped their sentence of Death of Free Speech by hiding in the Holy Shit! Temple, underneath the KILLts of the Circle of Eunuchs.
  Desert Storm was just a NWO practice run to fine tune the Patriot missles in preparation for the return of Jesus in a Stealth Bomber, "like a thief in the night." St. John the Divine Lay Preacher mistook the sounds of incoming Scud missles and outgoing Patriot missles for the blaring of trumpets.  When the Army of God descends out of heaven, they'd better be wearing Kevlar...
"Every time I start getting ahead in the rat race, they bring  in faster rats."
~ A Slow Rat
  A few years ago, Dudley DoWrong took a serious run at my liberty of movement by charging me with a couple of traffic offenses and trying to yank my driver's license.
  After two years of dragging a pack of Rabid Wombats Cleverly Disguised As Witnesses into court (accompanied by a Mountie assigned to keep an eye and a gun turned in the direction of the MadDogInPossession defendant), it finally came down to blows, and I wiped the floors of the Halls of Justice with the tight ass of the federal Queen's Bench counsellor appointed to prosecute me. (He had a stick up his ass, so it was a lot like using a regular mop.)
  I have had quite a few people come to me over the years for help with keeping the long dick of the law from being hidden from the sun in their own backyard.
  There seems to be some kind of perception among the lower stratocasters of the local community that I am some kind of killer legal-eagle genius who is able to eat legal-rats that are larger than his head.
  Although I enjoy occassionally basking in the warm glow of the approval of Squeaky From's peers, the fact of the matter is, I am actually more of a legal-buzzard--working out of a carrion bag in between flights of fancy during which I look down on the struggling wayfarers wandering in circles, lost in a wasteland of rules and legal proceedures which turn out to be merely shimmering mirages appearing to be an Oasis of Truth and Justice until the poor, parched pricks get close enough to see that their mind and eyes were once again fooled by illusions created by their delusions--and, rather than being a Great Bird of Prey who eats the RatLawyers alive, I am merely a Vulture who picks at the carcasses of the dead and dying former Champions of Justice who sold their souls to the Mobsters Cleverly Disguised As Politicians.
  Of course, the mail-order, money-back-guarantee 'Be Your Own Legal-Beagle Kit' (send $19.95 + $5.00 S&H to: Baby Dog Enterprises, Box 281, Bienfait, Saskatchewan SOC OMO) I use to snatch Justice from the Jaws of Legal Sharks is meant for use only in trolling for the big fish in small ponds and small fish in big ponds, and is not designed for use by serious FisherKings trolling for Killer KingFish in the home of the SwampThing, where Legal Dinosaurs still roam at large, crushing underfoot anything and anyone that gets in their way.
  When the omnipresent, nefarious They (TM) call out the National Guard to descend upon your sorry ass, and They (TM) turn to the Desert Rat to sniff through your garbage and find something dirty and smelly enough to delight a hand-picked jury of God Fearing Decent People's Peers, then it's time to put in a call to Larry Joe Dowling, a West Texas Rat Wrangler, and the aptly-named Bob Looney, one of LBJ's former Legally Drunk Beagles.
  Larry Joe is one of the few lawyers whose standards have remained high enough that he will work in return for really great pussy, and his good Texas breeding ensures that he will be discreet in screwing your old-lady, so as not to cause you any undue embarassment for your lack of sufficient capital to retain a legal representative capable of keeping a straight face when words like Truth and Justice accidentally escape from the lips of the judge and prosecutor.
  Besides, if They (TM) want you badly enough to make it worth your attorney's while to sell you down the river, then you damn-straight better better team up with an experienced Rounder who has the decency to pay the bar-bill at the end of your tax-deductible, late-night legal conferences. (And whose partner-in-(government)crime(fighting) helps to keep your spirits (pardon the pun) up by raising his glass, in toast to the Blind Broad, and announcing, loud enough to be heard over the din of the surrounding Last Call Warriors, "If Jack Daniel's be with us, then who can be against us?"
  I use a simple rule-of-thumb to guage the level of the blindside attack on my sorry butt that is being secretly prepared deep within the bowels of the Rat's Nest in Can You *Say* That Word On The Internet(?), Saskatchwan.
  The more shit-disturbing that the BigTeeth Enforcer Rats let you get away with without uttering even the slightest of squeaks in your direction, then the further ahead they are setting your own personal DoomsDay Clock during their illegal, surrepticious entries into your home while you are down at the CoalDust Saloon.
  When you can run around Southern Saskatchewan distributing 'WANTED DEAD OR ALIVE' posters putting a price on the head of the thieving scum who stole your computer and not hear a peep-squeak out of them, then your DoomsDay Clock is already set to one minute after midnight, and you're drinking on borrowed time.
  (Which means that I'd better get my butt down to the CoalDust Saloon so that I'll be there when the barmaid opens the door, and she won't freak out and run down main street screaming 'The sky is falling...The sky is falling!" like she did the last time I didn't arrive until 33 seconds after opening time.)
Smoke 'em if you got 'em...

@_date: 1998-05-01 12:39:16
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Constitution For Sale 
CONSTITUTION FOR SALE
1776 Constitution for sale. Inherited from original owner.
Hasn't been used for years, but can be easily restored to
its original condition by extermination of the rats which
have taken up residence under the hood and the removal of
useless accessories which were added by a long series of
unethical mechanics who saw the prospect of making more
money if it continually drifted to the right or the left than if the integrity of its original design was retained.
Truly must be seen to be appreciated.
Must be appreciated to be truly seen.

@_date: 1998-05-01 12:39:20
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Crime Sale! 
CHEVY CHASE FORD & 'CRAZY BOTMA' MERCURY          DEALERSHIPS ANNOUNCE A
      GIGANTIC BLOWOUT CRIME SALE !!!
      _______________________________
DUE TO A CURRENT OVERSTOCK OF CRIMINALS AND THE NEW MAKES OF CRIME BEING PRODUCED IN OUR DC FACTORY EVERY DAY, CHEVY CHASE AND 'CRAZY BOTMA' ARE ABLE TO OFFER YOU *UNBELIEVABLE* *DEALS* ON A WIDE VARIETY OF BOTH NEW AND OLDER CRIMES.
THIS MAKES IT AN OPPORTUNE TIME FOR *YOU* TO GET INTO WHATEVER TYPE OF CRIME YOU'VE DREAMED ABOUT FOR YEARS,
BUT THOUGHT YOU COULD NEVER AFFORD TO PAY FOR.
WE'RE MOVING OLDER MODEL CRIMINALS OUT THE DOOR EVERY DAY,
AND EVEN SENDING FELONY CRIMINALS OUT THE DOOR AT AN EVER
INCREASING RATE, YET WE *STILL* CAN'T KEEP UP WITH THE DEMAND OF OUR DC FACTORY TO FIND CUSTOMERS FOR THE NEW
CRIMES BEING CREATED EVERY DAY BY THEIR SOCIAL ENGINEERS. WE'RE SO DESPERATE THAT WE'RE WILLING TO PLEAD WITH YOU
TO ACCEPT THE BARGAINS WE ARE CURRENTLY ABLE TO OFFER.
NOT ONLY ARE WE ABLE TO GUARANTEE THAT WE CAN FIT YOU INTO
ANY OF A VARIETY OF THE WIDE SPECTRUM OF CRIMINAL CATEGORIES
CURRENTLY AVAILABLE BUT WE CAN OFFER YOU A DEAL THAT WILL
HAVE YOU BACK OUT THE DOOR IN RECORD TIME.
WHAT'S MORE, DUE TO THE CURRENTLY HIGH RECALL RATE WE ARE
EXPERIENCING AS A RESULT OF SENDING UNSAFE CRIMINALS OUT
THE DOOR, WE CAN PROMISE TO GIVE YOU AN EVEN BETTER DEAL
ON A NEW CRIME IN THE FUTURE, EVEN IF YOU HAVEN'T FINISHED
PAYING FOR YOUR ORIGINAL CRIME.
ONCE WE HAVE FIT YOU INTO A THIRD FELONY CRIME, YOU WILL
AUTOMATICALLY BECOME A LIFETIME CUSTOMER AND ELIGIBLE TO
MOVE FROM OUR 'EASY PAYMENT' PLAN TO OUR 'LIFETIME PAYMENT'
PLAN WHERE WE *INSIST* THAT YOU TAKE *FOREVER* TO PAY FOR
YOUR CRIME.
WITH THE EVER INCREASING ABILITY OF OUR DC FACTORY TO
PRODUCE NEW CRIMES AT AN ASTOUNDING RATE, IT HAS NEVER
BEEN EASIER TO FIT INTO OUR CUSTOMER PROFILE.
        "IF THE CUSTOMER DOESN'T FIT THE CRIME,          WE'LL MAKE THE CRIME FIT THE CUSTOMER."
                    THAT'S A PROMISE!

@_date: 1998-05-04 10:53:08
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Epic Log - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Epic Log Rolling - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
Dimitry, cleverly trying to distract me from my plan to....
That was your best one yet, my friend.  Well done.  Do you invent as you type or do you prepare first?  Do you dream the ideas in progress or summarize a day of dreaming all at once?   After being diagnosed with Tourette Syndrome and ADHD, it took me somewhere between 6-18 months to get around to seeing a doctor
in regard to treatment. So I guess you could say that 'plans' and
'preparation' are not my strong point.
  A year or so ago I unexplicably began to write a work called,
'Soul Chaser.' I had absolutely no idea what it was about or
where it was going, and it drove me crazy waiting for each chapter to 'appear' so that I could find out what was going
to happen.   While 'The True Story of the InterNet' manuscripts are created
with a purpose in mind, they tend to form themselves out of a mountain of notes jotted to myself in regard to the types of things
that force their way into one's mind while lying sleepless at 4 a.m.
  An integral part of the manuscripts is the insertion of details
or concepts which are sent to me for inclusion by a variety of shadowy characters, some of whom I am somewhat familiar with, and
some who remain a total mystery to me. An example would be the
references to Mule Shoe, Texas as the location of one of the underground Reptilian Nazi bunkers (along with LizardMoor and
Lost Alamo).
 I added Mule Shoe to the list as a result of a mystery request
and have no idea what is being inferred, but a number of CoE
initiates have reported that they have observed a great deal of
concern among certain government organizations about the possible
compromise of some mysterious project, or somesuch. As a matter
of fact, a few thanked me profusely for the 'pointer' even though they gave me no indication as to what they have uncovered.
Granted I've not seen anything relevant to cryptography yet, but I'm not about to complain.   Cryptography = Privacy = Rights = Freedom = Ad Infinitum
   Once the possibilty of extinction of all life from the face
of the earth by Nuclear Technology became a *REALITY*, then
the scope of many formerly local/regional/national issues and
interests became considerably wider/larger.
  Now that the possibility of extinction of all privacy from the face of the earth by Digital Technology (Can you say
'ECHELON'? Sure you can...) has become a *REALITY*, the scope
of many local/global issues and interests have acquired a
level of meaning which goes far beyond the particular sphere
in which they currently are being debated/instituted.
  We have recently seen how local pornography laws in the Deep South can affectÿ the lives of people living locally in
California and globally in CyberSpace. We are currently moving
toward the same issues and concepts applying internationally.
  What about the reporter who is currently facing imprisonment
for investigating the Truth in regard to child pornography on
the InterNet, instead of accepting at face value the 'handouts'
from the Privacy Pirates? Anyone who fails to see implications
for freedom, privacy and cryptography needs to spend a little
less time watching 'Gilligan's Island'.
  I may soon be facing the same situation in Canada, with the
main difference being that the 'Bienfait Nutly News' doesn't
carry the same type of clout as the organizations considered
by people wearing suits as members of the 'legitimate press'.
  When I protected all files that I didn't want to fall into
the possession of the Royal (pain in the ass) Canadian (beaver,
hee...hee) Mounted (on the citizen's behind) Police (gestapo),
I made a point of leaving on my hard drive, among other things,
a 'pornography file' which I sent to the CypherPunks list, the
WhiteHouse, etc., with the announcement that I was purposely
distributing vile, filthy pornography that was an affront to
every decent person on the face of the earth.
  Anyone who took the trouble to break the encrypted file
would have found that it was a classic Greek(?) statue of
a young boy, with his  PENIS exposed for God
and everybody to see. I truly believe that my digital transmission of this classic work of art makes me, under current law, a child pornographer, even though the only way
for anyone to view it would be to crack the encryption on
the file.
(Thus far, God has not contacted me to express having a
 problem with my actions, but I suspect that those who
 have taken it upon themselves to express the opinions
 of 'everybody' will soon be in contact.)
Thanks for the entertainment.  'Entertainment' is the *Medium*, not the *Message*, of 'The
True Story of the InterNet' manuscripts.
  It is a Medium which has lessened, though not removed, the
consequences which go hand-in-hand with the dissemination of
Truths which meet the high standards expressed by a line in a movie..."You can't *HANDLE* the Truth!"
  Jim Bell was taken down a few hours after I had sent him a
copy of a TSotI chapter describing 'Assassination Politics',
and asking his opinion on certain things. (The *only* time
I have ever done this.)
  I took the Jim Bell events to be a clear message that the
rules had changed in regard to the dissemination of the TSXotI
manuscripts. I did not regard the chapter as 'entertainment'.
 (I fully recognize the possibility that I may be wrong or
 'overreacting' to the synchronicity of the two events, but,
 on the other hand, I have the perspective of having observed
 this type of 'synchronocity' since 1989, and have had my
 sorry ass 'saved' by my 'unreasonable paranoia' many times
 since then.)
  I left home two weeks before gomez was cut loose from a company he had founded, after seventeen years, in order to arrive the day before he, himself, received the 'news'.
  I received the information regarding his elimination from the CoE equation via a source who still remains a mystery to
me after almost a decade of cross-communication.
  I gave the situation only the briefest of mentions in the
TSotI manuscripts, because CoE initiates would have no problem
with immediately recognizing the import of the event.
  I did not consider that chapter to be 'entertainment'.
  Many initiates of the Circle of Eunuchs have recently 'gone to ground', in order to work unobserved in a manner which they
feel they can be most effective. Other CoE initiates have stepped forward to accentuate the policies and actions that
they have been involved in more surrupticiously until now,
even though it may well expose them to retribution, because
they feel that that is how they can be most effective.
  I have given brief mention to some of the results of the
directions some of these CoE initiates have taken in various
chapters of the TSotI manuscripts, and I do not consider these chapters 'entertainment'.
  I recently received information in regard to the intentions
of the Beaver Bullys to slap their tails down on my sorry butt,
and had the option of heading for sandier pastures (Tucson), or
covering my ass as much as possible and saying, "Damn the torpedos, full Speed, Ritalin and Prozac ahead!"
  I chose to do the latter, and have written a bit about it
in the TSotI manuscripts. I *do* consider those chapters to
be (my) 'entertainment', because 'picking guitar while Rome
burns' is the only dance there is...
  Maybe I'm crazy (maybe?...hee, hee), but if I had the opportunity to travel back in time and *become* Lee Harvey
Oswald, I would do so. Can you imagine actually *knowing*
the Truth behind what most of us can only specualate about,
even though the events surrounding his role/non-role in the
assassination of JFK are of monumental import to our times
and the *REAL* history of our globe?
  I have no idea whether or not the Oppressors who have
'legally stolen' my computers will be foolish enough to
attempt to take me down within the boundaries of the
current legal system, but I can guarantee that, if they
do, myself and others will learn more about what is truly
going on in the background of 'currently perceived reality'
than Lee Harvey Oswald ever dreamed of knowing.
  There are 'tricks and traps' embedded in the information that I *ALLOWED* the Oppressors to confiscate that are the
result of almost a decade of preparation. Anyone who thinks
I am 'blowing smoke' failed to read and understand the portion
of 'WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs' which detailed
the concept of "Winner's Bluff."
  "TV IS REAL!" (And so is 'Uncle Bubba'...)
Thought For The Day:
  Which 'side' do you, personally, take in regard to the debate
as to whether there is, or is not, a Grand Conspiracy taking
place in the BackGround Of Reality?
  The fact of the matter is, it doesn't really matter.
  The existence or non-existence of the Grand Conspiracy is
of no more importance than the existence or non-existence
of the Circle of Eunuchs.
Definition of Reality:
  "If you can put it in the bank, it's Real!"
~ Stuart Wilde (misquote)
'Theory of Black Holes' Versus 'Infield Fly Rule':
  If some scientific genius proves the invalidity of Einstien's
theories, then can we expect the victims of Hiroshima and
Nagasaki to spring back to life?
  If everyone on the face of the earth, except for baseball
umpires, agree to invalidate the Infield Fly Rule, does it
really matter?
  Are the 'True Story of the InterNet' manuscripts 'entertainment'?
  Sure. "His login is PANIC, His password is CRASH, When Time is
of Essence, He'll Rise from the Ash" was just a 'lucky guess' as
to the true importance of the recently acknowledged problem which
is presented by the Millennium Bug.
  Claire Wolfe's statement that there is an "Angel" hidden
deep within the bowels of the IRS computer system was just
a 'lucky guess'.
  The evolutionary march of computer technology along the
paths predicted by the CypherPunks over the years has been
just a long series of 'lucky guesses' resulting from the
random output of keyboards taking direct hits during the
CypherPunks' legendary pissing contests.
  Dimitri Vulis' exposure of John Gilmore as a 'cocksucker'
was just a 'lucky guess'.
  The ASCII Art spams revealing that Timmy C. Mayonnaise
is the result of early 'Turd Cloning' experiments was just
a 'lucky guess'.
  The suspicion slowly rising from the back of your mind to
flip the switch which turns on the light of realization that the insanity of 'The True Story of the InterNet' manuscripts are purposely opaque misdirections of their
true purpose, which is to raise the possibility that Kent
Crispin, and even you, yourself, may actually be one of
US, instead of one of THEM, is just a 'lucky guess'.
  Giorgio Ivanovitch Gurdjieff posited that humans cannot
'consciously' do evil. I concurr...
 Is there a method to my madness, or a madness to my method?
Hint: I AM the Biosemiotic Evolutionary Equivalent (TM) of
Lee Harvey Fucking Oswald.
  I AM not just 'predicting' the future, I AM 'creating'
the future.
  The CypherPunks are not just 'predicting' the future,
they are 'creating' the future.
  Louis !B Freeh is !just 'creating' the future, he is
desperately attempting to prevent Jane and Joe Netizen from
doing the same.
NEWS FLASH!!!
  The AI/Biometrics experts at LizardMoor, Lost Alamo and Mule Shoe are sucking hind-tit to those who have approached
Biosemiotic Evolution from the human side of the equation.
  Vice-Admiral D'Shauneaux, during our intial confrontation,
expressed concern that I was unaware of the importance to
humankind that the 'Secret War' taking place in the Background
of History be 'won' by those who were working in the best
interests of humanity and democracy.   My reply to him was that, given the human condition, it was
imperative that the Forces of Light never triumph over the
Forces of Darkness, for the simple reason that it has always
been a truism that 'Power corrupts, and Absolute Power corrupts
absolutely'. (Lucifer used to be an Angel!)
  Would you rather be slain by a Moslem saint or a Christian
saint, upholding their perception of 'righteousness'?
  Is ECHELON an abomination?
  Yes, if it remains unopposed.
  I have no doubt that ECHELON has resulted in the negation of
a plethora of evils which had the potential to result in a great
amount of devastation to both the physical and the spiritual
conditions of the human equation.
  I also have no doubt that ECHELON at some point reached a
point of competence and control that allowed those involved in
'protecting' us to get sidetracked into a plethora of issues
and directions which refelected personal, in-house political
agendas, rather than the interests of Truth, Justice, Democracy,
and An Honorable Concept To Be Corrupted Later.
When You're Up To Your Ass In Alligators, It's Hard To
Remember That Your Original Objective Was To Drain The   True...  But when you're up to your ass in EunuchIzens, your 'ass is grass' if you don't get back to your 'original   The nonsensical paranoid diatribes warning against the
dire threat posed by Gomez and the Dark Allies in the
TSotI manuscripts are not 'entertainment', any more
than the C2Net Conspiracy Theory that was presented to
those with 'ears to hear' during the legendary CypherPunks
Moderation Experiment / Censorship Crisis.
  Assuming that Sameer's lips are not wrapped around Uncle
Sam's cock, C2Net reflects the epitome of CypherPunks goals
to promote the spread of strong cryptography around the
globe in order to provide access for the citizens to secure private communications. Nonetheless. the involvement
of a C2Net employee in the attempt to 'damage' the CPUNX
list made one of US (TM) a greater threat to CypherPunk ideals than the actions or intentions of THEM (TM).
  I have absolutely no problem with Mr. & Ms. ECHELON doing
whatever they honestly feel is necessary to protect and
defend the globe from what is patently evil, but I have
absolutely no interest in them achieving such a privileged,
comfortable position in the 'Secret War' that they have
enough time on their hands to throw a cold, hard one up the butt of anyone who offends them personally by calling
them a 'cocksucker', no matter whether the offender's name ends with an 'i' or a 'y'.
Orange Sunshine Is The Best Disinfectant (Judge Cherry Brandy):
  Tim May was astute enough to recognize that the absence
of ignorant, statist morons such as Kent Crispin on the
CypherPunks list is a detriment, since the positions he
took on various issues were usually the result of careful
deliberation, even though he usually had his head up his
ass. A forum in which everyone agrees with Chomsky is of
no greater benefit to human evolution than a forum where
everyone agrees with Freeh.
  I am astute enough to realize that without the presence
of Willam Geiger III on the CypherPunks list, to slap
Eric Cordian silly for whining about life 'forcing' him
to be a Sheeple, that I would feel like a lone fool for
occassionally admitting to being as big an idiot as the
Sheeple that I rail against in my self-righteous diatribes.
  You are astute enough to realize that even without the verifiable presence of Toto in the Authorship of this
chapter, given the fact that the manuscripts have always
been a shared/distributed project, not to mention the
fact that the toto account is the Grand
Central Station of CyberSpace, it is still incumbent on
you to immediately report to the proper authorities my
online confession to having murdered a variety of law
enforcement agents and buried them in my garden plot in
Bienfait. (But, if anybody asks, I was with *you* when
JFK was assassinated, OK?)
  Ten a.m., time for 'River's Edge' on Fox TV.
  I'll need both hands free, to crack beers and take
Smoke 'em if you love 'em...

@_date: 1998-05-04 10:53:13
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Happy Log - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Happy Log - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
  Watching 'River's Edge', I remembered why I prefer to remain
holed up alone in the BeachBoys' room while Slurping the Dregs
with a channel-changer in my hand.
  It seems that 'River's Edge' wasn't that movie about Paul
Newman being a logger--apparently that was 'Sometimes A Great
Notion.' Neither was it the John Holmes movie where he plays
Johnny Logg, 'Sometimes A Great Motion.'
  No, it turned out to be the movie that Dennis Hopper made
his comeback in, years after it was socially acceptable to
openly cheer the social outcasts in 'Easy Rider' or 'Rebel
Without A Cause'. Having neither social skills nor self-
contol, I cannot refrain from laughing or cheering not just in the 'wrong' places, but also in the 'worst' places...
  I can relate to Dennis Hopper's character, Feck, when the
head murderer in the movie asks him if he's some kind of
psycho, since he dances and talks with a life-size sex doll.
Feck replies, "I'm not *crazy*, man. I *know* it's a *doll*!"
  But knowing it doesn't stop him from...caring.
  I *know* I'm not supposed to hoot, cheer and laugh when
Feck tells the 'bad' kid, who murdered his girlfriend, even
though he didn't love her, about being justified in blowing
the brains out of his own girlfriend, because he 'loved' her,
and how he was being hunted and persecuted by a society that
didn't understand that his 'apology' was 'sincere', since he
really did love her, and about the 'unfairness' of Them still
wanting to *punish* him.
  I *know* that I'm supposed to act horrified at this sick,
demented bastard's outlook on life.
  But knowing it doesn't stop me from...sympathizing.
  Everyone wants to cheer for the socially acceptable 'UnderDog', but no one wants to cheer for those meeting the
current-socially-agreed-upon-profile of the 'MadDog'.
  NewsWorld did an interview with Jerry Springer in which
they asked him how he could possibly justify the outrageous
format of his talk show as being of the least bit of 'help'
in solving the problems of his guests and society.
  Springer's reply was basically, "Buy a Clue. I'm the Ringmaster of a Circus."
  When Springer was asked about his 'descent' from being a
respectable member of the mainstream news media, to being
the uncontested Joker & Fool of daytime TV, he 'busted' the news media as being a bunch of shylocks who provide a modicum
of real news, surrounded by death and disaster in the lives of
people we don't know, and sticking microphones in the faces of
people who have been 'caught' dipping their dick in the wrong
bowl and gleefully screaming 'Gotcha!'.
  The Masses drive the Media, Entertainment drives the Masses,
and the Media drives Entertainment.
  Because we no longer gather in the public square by the tens of thousands, being whipped into a mass frenzy by the
emotive diatribes of the Fuhrer, we believe that we are
'different' from the Germans who wore their BrownShirts in public gatherings, rather than putting them on daily in the
privacy of our home, before screaming along in righteous
judgement with the studio audience of the 'Jerry Springer
Show', or cheering the black-clad ninja warriors on 'Cops'
as they kick in the doors of monstrous scum guilty of Felony
Dark-Complexion and Felony Inability To Afford A Good Lawyer.
  After deluging us with a flood of pud-pulling entertainment
cleverly disguised as news-coverage of Joey Buttafucko's
love life and plans to murder his wife, the smart-asses at
NewsWorld tease us with the question, "What was the name of
Joey Buttafucko's wife?"
  Huh?   Who the fuck cares? She's just some fucking bit-player
victim who gets a couple minutes of air-time in the midst of
the massive coverage of the actions, psyche and motivations
of the 'main protagonist' in an ongoing 'news' saga designed
to increase popcorn and soft-drink sales.
  The news media is well aware that 'the show is over' the
minute they ask the question that enquiring slimes *really*
want to know, which is, "What did it *feel* like when you
were sucking the life force out of another human being?"
(And the follow-up question, "Do you have any pictures?")
  Daytime Primetime Talk Shows fall all over one another to
schedule the guy who got his dick cut off with garden shears.
His 'fifteen minutes' gets stretched to the max, along with
a guarantee of future reruns.
  Let some woman get her pussy ripped out by a psycho, and
it is given quick, short coverage, during which the news
persons look at their shuffling feet, because a woman's
private parts are 'dirty' and she was probably wearing a
skirt that was too short. If a woman wants to make the big
bucks on the talk-show circuit, she needs to get her face
slashed with a razor, since women are supposed to look pretty,
but not supposed to like sex.
 (In Moslem countries, however, it is bad taste to give a
  large amount of coverage to a woman whose face is slashed
  with a razor, because the slut was probably wearing a veil
  that was too short.)
  Canada had a Real Life (TM) rendition of 'River's Edge' take
place in Flin Flon, Manitoba (?), where a bunch of teenagers
kept silent about the murder of one of their friends by another of their friends, for six months (?) or so, but it
didn't have Dennis Hopper in it, so there were no reruns,
making the details a little too fuzzy to really remember.
  Life doesn't *imitate* TV, Life *is* TV, but not as well
funded and produced. If you don't recognize this as being the
truth, it's because "You can't *HANDLE* the truth!"
  You gotta have a system...
  People instictively understand this, which is why I am
able to support myself with email spams titled, "How To Make
Big $$$ Sitting At Home, Licking Your Own Dick."
  Unsolicited Commercial Email and Political Parties run on
basically the same underlying concept, which is that Horatio
Alger can tell us any lies he wants, and put his dick anywhere
he pleases, as long as shit still runs downhill and payday is
still on Friday.
  Name the last two bills passed by Congress.
  Name the last two women Slick Willie dipped his dick in.
  News...give me a break...
  Am I supposed to feel 'guilty' about being some sick, sorry,
demented psycho weirdo for fixating on and relating to the
'wrong' imaginary characters and 'wrong' emotive issues that
are involved in a TV movie?
  According to my calculations, I still have over four hundred
unused Reality Avoidance Credits that I have earned by not
giving a fat rat's ass where Slick Willy's dick has been for
the last few years of news coverage regarding the size, shape,
smell and feel of Little Willie.
  My failure to become obsessional in regard to the travel
schedule of the President's dick is likely to work against
me if I find myself in the position of having to defend my
position as an EditWhore and ReportWhore for the Bienfait
Nutly News, when I find myself facing charges for the public
dissemination of a graphic image of a classic Greek statue
of a young boy whose petite, well-formed, beautiful, sexy
young penis...
   Where was I...?
  Sorry...
  I'm actually homophobic, but I got caught up in the arguments for the graphic being viewed as 'obscene' that a
prosecutor would be able to make if his personal experience
in the sick, twisted molestation of his own child and those
of others gave him a firm understanding of the danger that
is presented by Pornography Cleverly Disguised As Art.
  If somebody wants to compose a Bienfait Nutly News report
about the President's dick, I would be more than happy to
publish it and get my share of the billion-dollar giveaway
of Digital WaveSpace.
Beer break...molest 'em if you got 'em (tied up)...

@_date: 1998-05-04 11:52:11
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Re: The Brain: phones home all your URLs? 
Scenario  You're a CypherPunk who is dedicated to the creation and
dissemination of programs which enhance privacy and security in
InterNet software implementations.
  You want to create a secure program for a particular use, but you
are very busy with other projects and it would take about $30,000 to
farm it out to someone else...
Scenario  are a Corporate Marketeer and you are dedicated to
gathering all of the end-user data possible to make the most efficient
use of your company's resources.
  You see the possibilities for creating the same program that the
CypherPunk is considering and you have a rather large budget...
Scenario  are Head Honcho in the SeeAllKnowAll Department of the
Oppressors, and you are dedicated to keeping track of such things as
which hand Joe & Jane Citizen wipe their ass with.
  You the possibilities of the program the CypherPunk is considering,
you see the potential of 'adding to' the program needed by the
Marketeer, and you happen to have a mountain of resources at your
fingertips and close connections with the company the Marketeer is
working for...
Bottom Line:
  Britain, more comfortable with the marriage of Government, Corporate
and Individual interests in a Socialist/Fascist mix, are openly seeking
to merge the Government and Corporate interests in security, etc., in
the interests of the Citizen, of course.
  In the U.S. this is not happening. It is only a coincidence that all
goverment and corporate offices share the same building and resources
and this fact is only kept 'secret' in the interests of National
Security, and to fight terrorists, pedophiles, drug czars, and people
who wipe their ass with the 'wrong' hand.

@_date: 1998-05-04 12:31:25
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: Toto 2 - Tim May 0 
Vancouver, British Columbia:
Criminalization of Insanity: Turn a mental hospital with 6,000 patients
  into a mental hospital with 500 patients.
Criminalization of Poverty: Make panhandling a crime, subject to a
  $2,000.00 fine.
[I won! I won!!!]

@_date: 1998-05-05 13:01:37
@_author: TruthMonger 
@_subject: First, they came for the morons... / Re: Blizzard Gets Sued For Snooping On Gamers 
But Blizzard defends the trap door, saying it was
meant to determine if certain players unable to log
onto the company's multiplayer gaming site,
Battle.Net, were using pirated software.
  And I've got a trap door into all Government computers to
determine if they have pirated copies of my letters to mom.
Nothing wrong with that, eh?
Besides Driscoll, most players interviewed by
TechWeb said they were not bothered by Blizzard's
actions. "The only people who were affected by this
were the morons who stole the game," said Jesse
Giles, in Houston. "As soon as you steal the game,
you're committing an illegal act."
  "First, they came for the morons who stole the game, and
I was a moron with a legal copy, so I didn't speak up..."
Nick Fox, of Waukesha, Wisc., agreed, saying credit
card companies hold large amounts of personal
information without legal liability. "I believe there are
more major invasions of privacy than them finding out
our real names, and everyone should chill," he said.
  And if Dad is already bungholing you,then it's no big deal
if Uncle Bob takes sloppy seconds, eh?
  Blizzard implies that they are only sticking it in 'a little
bit, but it seems to make sense that, once they have it in, they
might want to 'wiggle it around' a bit, to find out if the user
has pirated copies of their other software. And when they get
together for drinks with their buddies at other corporations,
I imagine they share information so they can keep track of who
the real whores are. Next thing you know, they're carpooling
to gangbang the users, to save on corporate gas.
  No doubt advancing technology will allow them to build a 'profile'
of software thieves, enabling them to kick in the doors of poor
niggers and cheap Jews and take them to special camps where they
can be 'reeducated'.
  And Nick and Jesse Moron will explain to us how only people who
fit the Piracy Profile have reason to worry, and that the SoftWare
internment camps are much nicer than the Credit internment camps.
  The 'upside' of Blizzard's snooping is that if the user has their
credit card information on the computer, then Blizzard can send and
charge them for future updates automatically, saving the user from
having to waste time deciding whether or not they want it.
  I'm beginning to think that AOL is the disease, and DC is only a
