
@_date: 1993-06-29 23:29:19
@_author: "Timothy L. Nali" 
@_subject: Wired tidbit about NSA 
Here's a little something about the NSA from the latest issue of Wired:
pg 25, in the middle type Clipper Purposely Clipped?  Sources cloas to those in the know on
Captial Hill claim that NSA deliberately sabatoged the poorly considered
Clipper encryption chip (rolled out to the Net.public's dismay by the
White House early this spring).  The NSA, our sources say, would like
nothing more than to see the the Clipper chip fail, resulting in the
outlawing of encryption altogether ("Gee, we tried...").  The Electronic
Frontier Foundation's response to the Clipper plan, which has been in
the works for four years and was formulated by the NSA:  "We should not
rely on the government as the sole source for Clipper or any other chip.
 Rather, independent chip manufacturers should be able  to produce chip
sets based on open standards."
While I wouldn't take this as absolute truth yet, it is certainly food
for thought.
                    Perfect Paranoia is Perfect Awareness
 Tim Nali            \  "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of
 tn0s  \   the dreams" -Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory

@_date: 1994-06-22 02:27:27
@_author: "Timothy L. Nali" 
@_subject: Need advice on starting to make PGP library 
Hi all.
Recently, there was a tread about getting pgp to the masses.  There was
a general consenus that nice GUIs are needed to get pgp used by the
masses.  THere needs to be a MS Windows version that is easy to use.
The bast way to go about doing this is to turn pgp into a library that
other programmers can link into thier code.  Once the library is
finished, people could roll GUIs for every platform out there.  FOr
example, under MS Windows, if a pgp DLL (Dynamic Link Library) existed,
we could use something as simple as Visual Basic to make an easy-to-use
front end for pgp.  It also shouldn't be so difficult to incoporate a
pgp library into various mailers and newsreaders.
Now, I'm not one of those who dream up some grandiose idea and then
expect someone else to do it.  I plan to make (or at least try) a pgp
library.  However, I am rather new to all this, so I could use some
1)  I going to use C++ for this.  Are there any platforms that do not
have a c++ compiler, or is there any other good reason to stick with C.
2)  Should I use the MIT version or the pgp2.6ui version as a starting
point?  I am in the United States.
3)  Assuming I complete this, how do I release the code without having
somebody break down my door? (the export and patent nonsense.  Isn't
living in america dandy :-)
 Tim Nali            \  "We are the music makers, and we are the dreamers of
 tn0s  \   the dreams" -Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory
