
@_date: 1996-12-18 01:14:02
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Pretty Lousy Privacy 
TOTO Enterprises is proud to announce the release of their latest product, PLP/Pretty Lousy Privacy.
   PLP allows the user to send messages purporting to be encrypted but, in fact, containing no encryption, whatsoever.  This will allow God-and-everybody to read all of your 'secret' missives.
   Got something you promised not to tell anyone, but you just can't keep a secret?  Use PLP, and claim astonishment that someone 'broke the code'.
   Feeling like a loser, because nobody reads your eMail?  Use PLP and excite the imaginations of busybodies everywhere.
   Got competition for that job promotion?  Send a nasty chain-letter about the boss using your competitor's name and PLP, and you can start breaking out the champagne the minute you hit Send.
   Work at the White House?  No need to explain, just use PLP and those late-night meetings in underground parking garages will be a thing of the past.
   Impressed?
   Just listen to what Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM has to say about PLP:
   "Best encryption program going.  You can bet your sweet ass that that murdering Armenian bastard, Ray Arachelian, didn't write it."
   Yes, the secret is out -- PLP/Pretty Lousy Programming is nothing you'd expect, and less, in the latest encryption technology.
   And the best part is, you can export PLP without a license. (We checked with the janitor at the Federal Building, and he thought it would be OK.)
  So start using PLP today, and let 'everyone' know about the cypherpunks secret plot against Dr.Dimitri Vulis KOTM.

@_date: 1996-12-18 02:02:14
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: WARNING: VIRUS: [Was: Re: Encryption to the poors] 
Good idea.
I made that mistake when I got eMail from ThisIs
What could I have been thinking?

@_date: 1996-12-18 02:02:17
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Test Only  / Thanks 
Say Bob,
  Thanks for that MasterCard Number.  I'm going to need some new clothes when I go for my parole hearing, and it'll sure help out.
   Are you using that new encryption technology, PLP/Pretty Lousy   Toto

@_date: 1996-12-19 05:07:31
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Pretty Lousy Privacy 
Dr. DVT is the spammer.  Ray Arachelian is a spammee.
  It will be improtietary.

@_date: 1996-12-20 11:50:27
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Pretty Lousy Privacy 
All of our Turkish programmers are dead.  All of our Armenian keyboards are screwed because of the blood dripping off of their fingers.
  Say, you don't think Dr. DVK could be onto something here, do you? (:>)

@_date: 1996-12-21 05:32:42
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Slaughter 
Dear Dr.DVK,
   Thank you for your lengthy list of articles on the human slaughter
that continues on earth to this very day.  It reminds me of watching
the TV coverage of Desert Storm, as the news channels took great
delight in replaying scenes of American flyers massacring retreating
Iraquian troops who were beaten and bedraggled, merely trying to survive, and get home to their families.
   Basically, they were slaughtered so that the flyboys and their superiors at the Pentagon could test their new toys, and make sure
that they worked.
   It was considered acceptable action, however, because these were
the 'bad' guys.  We 'know' that they were, because we were told so by
the ten-second sound-bytes of the New World Order during the nightly
news.  So I listened as millions of Americans cheered the slaughter
of defeated troops, who had thrown up the white flag and retreated,
only to have us blow them away from out of the sky on their way back
home with our wonderful hi-tech weapons.
   I listened as thousands of Americans, including the media, truly bought into the Pentagon sound-byte that tells us the world is a
better place because we can slaughter the soldiers of less-developed
countries 'from a distance', using technology, and not 'risk' precious
American lives.  Of course, missles don't take prisoners, so everyone
we make war with has to die, now, don't they.
   Remember that this is the same Pentagon that built the InterNet.
And the same Americans who cheered the slaughter of defeated troops
will be lined up to cheer the slaughter of the misfits among us who
are culled from the herd through the tracking of their activities and their communications on the InterGlobal communications system of the New World Order.
   While the vast majority may be enthralled with their pretty, shiny,
new toy--the InterNet--and buy into the sound-bytes that portray it
as an empowerer of the common man, there are others who have, since its
inception, been warning of the 'dark side' of the InterNet.
   When the New World Order becomes a reality, the main difference between the next holocaust and the last one will be that the misfits
and outcasts will have GameBoys to play with during their trip to
   There is a quote I remember which struck me deeply when I heard it,
but forgive me if it is not quite correct:
   "They came for the Jews, and I wasn't a Jew, so I didn't speak up.
They came for the National Socialists, and I wasn't a National Socialist,
so I didn't speak up.  Then they came for me.
   "And nobody spoke up."
   I don't know Phil Zimmerman.  I've never met him and I'd never heard
of him, or of cryptography until the fledgling New World Order began
their crusade to start culling out the misfits who stuck out glaringly
from the common masses by trying to provide them protection from
Big Brother and his goons.
   I didn't know Phil Zimmerman, but I knew his psyche and I knew his
motivations.  You might say that we went to different high-schools
together.  So I spoke up.  Loudly (and anonymously).
   And by the time the sun came up the next morning, bleary-eyed and
tired, I had a copy of PGP on my hard drive.  I had a weapon of
self-defence in my possesion that Phil Zimmerman shed his blood for,
at the hands of the New Pharisees.
  You are free to rail night and day against cryptology and cypherpunks,
and whoever else it pleases you to rail against, because this is America.
But believe me, America is, and will be, a part of the New World Order.
Phil Zimmerman's case was not an 'aberration' of 'what is', it was a
foreshadowing of 'what is to come'.
  But there are others, with more foresight, who rail against the real
threats to mankind, and to freedom, and they do quietly, and in secret,
not wanting to share the fate of Phil Zimmerman and others, who had
too high a profile for the New World Order to ignore.
   These people are not psychic, but they have the foresight to see the
future in the shadows of the past, and they will tell you, man, woman,
and child,
   "You will take my cryptography from me when you pry it from my cold, dead algorithms."
   So, Dr. DV K, rant and rave as much as pleases you, but be careful
what you rave against, lest they come for you.
   And if you feel the net tightening around you, with the forces of
the New World Order hovering over you, deeming that now 'you' are becoming a problem, then think about protecting yourself.  Think about
  Toto
p.s -- If you are going to quote 'news broadcasts' from the BBC, etc,
then please don't quote the same 'bad syntax' in three consecutive
news releases.  i.e - "shot dead from their heads"
   It might give some people reason to wonder if you are authoring
these 'news broadcasts' yourself.

@_date: 1996-12-22 04:19:48
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Slaughter 
Thanks, I love the quote but can't find it or it's source.  Perhaps I can put it
all together in bits and pieces.
   I don't thinkI'm very naieve about cryptography.  I fully realize that the same
goons that will crack you over the head for what you've written, will also be
prone to cracking you over the head for 'not' being able to read what you
have written.
   Thanks for the advice.  PGP serves me very well for most of my correspondences,
but I add a little 'je ne sais quoi' to it for things I consider to be of more
personal import.  It's probably something that experienced crytptographers would
laugh at, but just because I'm not a professional security-alarm designer doesn't
mean I'm going to leave my housekey under the front door mat.

@_date: 1996-12-22 23:38:42
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Elboa, Elbonics, Donner & Blitzen 
While your message came through somewhat garbled, it made it clear
that the holiday season there in big city has lost its original
   Damn, and I'm stuck here in butt-fuck Saskatchewan (no pun intended).

@_date: 1996-12-22 23:56:41
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: The Ebonic Plague 
Life is like a bowl of chili. If you don't stir it every now and again,
all of the scum rises to the top.
  (From the kitchen wall at Xalapeno Charlie's, Austin, TX, circa 1982)

@_date: 1996-12-24 01:57:51
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Unsubscribing Dr. Vulius 
I agree totally.  My friends in Berkeley agree that cryptography discussions should stick to more relevant topics, like Ebonics.  We had
a lively debate, over tea and crumpets, the other day, and decided that it was well worth sorting through pages and pages of 'crackers' making fun of 'niggah tok' in order to find out that crack dealers are using
'street cryptography.'
   As well, there were some enlightening posts re: Ebonics syntax; clarifying the proper use of 'dis' and 'dat'.
   Some in our group were of the mind that Dr.VD K's occasional rants in regard to mass slaughter were a timely reminder of the end result of individuals, groups, or governments being able to 'classify' us into categories that can be marked for 'deletion'.
   But they were mostly 'domestic' tea-drinkers, anyway, so their views
are really of little importance.  The majority were happy that you marked Dr. DV K for 'deletion'.
   Our topic of discussion tomorrow will be, "Censorship / The 'Final
Solution' to Dr. DV K, Or Just 'Attack Cryptography'?"
   There are those of the mind that censorship is comparable to
distributing 'bogus' copies of a person's Public Key, and scrambling
their Private Key, effectively denying them any communication with
society.  However, these people are, once again, the 'domestic' tea-
   I am sure that your actions in regard to Dr. Vulius will be a strong message to other CypherPunks that they had better toe-the-line, or else.
   Perhaps it would also be useful to go through the CypherPunk archives and send personal warnings to those on the list who appear to have
encouraged him in the past.  If their postings leave their attitude unclear in your mind, then you might want to check their 'web history'
and find out what sites they have been visiting, to confirm whether or not they are of an 'acceptable' frame of mind.
  Toto

@_date: 1996-12-24 03:33:35
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: The LIST 
Supporting Dr. DV K, are we?
  OK, pal, now your on the LIST, too.

@_date: 1996-12-24 03:31:52
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Pretty Lousy Privacy 
There is an Example below:
 -----BEGIN PLP SIGNATURE-----
 Version: 1.0 gamma
 -----END PLP SIGNATURE-----
  Hope this has been of help.

@_date: 1996-12-24 09:20:27
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: [Fwd: usenet censorship] 
Newsgroups: news.newusers.questions
Organization: LiveNet, Inc.
Reply-To: lewis
Does anyone know of a server that allows uncensored news groups, mine
censors all alt. groups.

@_date: 1996-12-25 10:36:52
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: [Fwd: usenet censorship] 
In non-pressrelease language does this mean:
  a. Making a profit.
  b. Trying to at least break even.
  c. Trying not to lose your ass.
  d. Hiring a dyslexic pot-head as Chief Financial Officer was a big
     mistake.
Just Wondering,
  Toto

@_date: 1996-12-25 10:35:07
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Snarfer Programs 
Are the Password Keystroke Snarfer programs anything like the Password
Keystroke Snipe Programs?
  Some Cypherpunks told me they'd explain the Snipe Programs to me if
I bought a case of beer, but I lost them on the way to their secret
meeting place in the woods, and I had to walk home.
   Gee, they were sure nice guys, though.

@_date: 1996-12-25 11:14:25
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: The 'Thot Police' 
The best defence against the Thot Police is to say something
and make your break for it while they are scratching their head, and saying, "Huh?"

@_date: 1996-12-25 11:14:36
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Thank You, CypherPunks 
I don't care if conference does contain the weirdest bunch of bozos
it has ever been my misfortune to encounter.
   Thank you, each and every one, for not posting 58,287,489 messages
saying "Merry Xmas", "Happy Holidays", and "Season's Greetings".
   All I want for 'Xmas' is for just 'one' of these 58,287,489 people
to give me a 500 Gigabyte hard drive to store all these Xmas greeting
messages on.

@_date: 1996-12-25 12:04:32
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Canuckonics 
The Complete Canuckonics Dicionary
   (c) 1997, Pearl Harbor Productions
 Syntax                Translation
 ------                -----------
  eh?                      huh?
 Toto
   "Pearl Harbor Computers, Ltd."
       "We Don't Eat Dogs"

@_date: 1996-12-25 15:33:29
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Iranian clergic attacks Internet as 'poison' to the masses (fwd) 
So does Pat Robertson.  Must be a 'spiritual' thing.

@_date: 1996-12-25 15:58:32
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Encryption Algorithms 
>  (If any cypherpunks still give a shit about crypto I would
 >any pointers to additional crypto resources on the net.)
    Crypto?
    Get off the CypherPunks Ebonics forum, you asshole.

@_date: 1996-12-26 03:22:36
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: She's In The Money 
Now she gets to relax at home, on her back, wait for strangers
to ring the doorbell, and just rake in the cash.
  And the sex is great!
  My 'ex' used to have her own home business, but she got busted.

@_date: 1996-12-26 03:22:47
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Reflections on the Bernstein ruling 
If I wanted to export an unexportable program, I would put it on my
as 'happyface.zip', and then make sure that god-and-everybody spread the
that it was available under that title.
  I don't believe there is a prosecutor alive that can convince a jury
of twelve
mostly non-technically oriented people that someone should be put in
prison for
not knowing the content of every single non-text file on their machine.

@_date: 1996-12-26 05:01:46
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: [Fwd: Returned mail: User unknown] 
While connected to toad.com. [140.174.2.1] (tcp):
<<< 550 ... User unknown
550 ... User unknown
Organization: TOTO Enterprises
Reply-To: toto
It's five in the morning, I'm almost out of Scotch, but I finally
figured out what to do with the 58 million Xmas Greetings I got from
various conferences.
  I'm going to save them, and send them, each and every one, to the
conferences they came from---in July.
  If they are spam 'then', they are spam 'now'.
  Spam-be-spam. (Bop-shoo-bop)

@_date: 1996-12-26 06:42:04
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Unix Passwd 
I was visiting a business running SCO Xenix, and they were all
aflutter over the fact that their 'root' password was fucked, and
they couldn't perform any System Administration tasks.
   I took their SCO installation disks, used the 'find' command to
find the 'passwd' file, and piped it to the editor.  I blanked out
the password for 'root' and rebooted the system.  When logging on as root, it prompted them for a new 'root' password.
   By the way, do you know why a 'Back Door' is so named?
   It's because when someone comes in through it, and wreaks havoc,
you wake up with a sore asshole.
  "The King of Country Porno"
  "The World's Foremost Computer Expert"
  "World's Greatest Fisherman"
  ...and a damn good lay.

@_date: 1996-12-26 08:42:50
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Fuck Xmas 
It's five in the morning, I'm almost out of Scotch, but I finally
 figured out what to do with the 58 million Xmas Greetings I got from
 various conferences.
   I'm going to save them, and send them, each and every one, to the
 conferences they came from---in July.
   If they are spam 'then', they are spam 'now'.
   Spam-be-spam. (Bop-shoo-bop)

@_date: 1996-12-26 16:56:14
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: [Fwd: F*$%K plaidworks.com] 
Organization: TOTO Enterprises
References: <199612261949.LAA07264
Reply-To: toto
  I just replied to all the messages from plaidworks.com, changing the
Subject heading to FUCK PLAIDWORKS.COM.

@_date: 1996-12-27 04:28:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Fyodor / Re: SPAM from plaidworks.com 
The webmaster and postmaster at plaidworks.com are lonely and
want you to send them eMail.
  They love it when people talk dirty, so they're hoping that when you Reply to their postings, you will change the Subject
heading to contain words like COCKSUCKER, FUCK, CUNT, etc.
   The listproc in the Mail To: box when you
Reply to the message needs to be changed.  listproc is just
a mailing daemon that plaidworks.com uses to reply automatically.
   You need to change the Mail To: address box to read
either: postmaster
    or: webmaster
(or put one of them in the Mail To: box, and the other address
in the Cc: box)
   And don't forget to put FUCKING IDIOTS in the Subject: box.

@_date: 1996-12-27 04:59:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: CypherSpamming 
I'm going to sit down and write a couple dozen 'generic' response
letters of varying descriptions and lengths, leading these people
on as if I'm interested in their tripe, but ending with a message
that tells them to 'piss off', in various forms.
  I will keep them in a handy directory for 'replying' to their
  The greater the number of letters, and the more varied they are,
then the more these fucks will have to spend their time and energy
sorting through them.  So if any CypherPunks wish to contribute to
my SpamReply Database of 'Interested in your offer....FUCKHEAD!'
offerings, send them to me by email.
  When I get it all set up, I'll make it available to any CypherPunk
who wants to use them.  I think if the CypherPunks all spent just
a few days replying to these spamessages thirty or forty times apiece,
that they would soon find other waters to cast their bread upon.

@_date: 1996-12-27 05:27:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Re: Bad Idea 
If cypherpunks wasn't subscribed to anything, then why did I get
50 million messages about sports in my mailbox?

@_date: 1996-12-27 05:25:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: CypherRevenge 
Well, I certainly hope that nobody uses this information to subscribe
others to a zillion lists.  Especially not the authors of such classics
as, "EASY MONEY!!!", "MAKE $$$ AT HOME", etc.
  I would hate for these people to be too busy to send me "IMPORTANT
INFORMATION ABOUT HOW 'YOU' CAN MAKE $$$ AT HOME, LICKING YOUR OWN
p.s. - for a limited time--offer open to CypherPunks only--anyone who sends me $20.00 will receive my special 'Secret Magic Chant',
which effectively blocks unwanted eMail.
  (This offer includes a clear Title to a bridge in the New York City area--absolutely free!)

@_date: 1996-12-27 12:33:39
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: CypherRevenge 
I have no idea how you are connected to plaidworks.com, but the one
previous post I have seen of yours indicates that you do not have
your head up your butt.
  As for Chuq, however, I have little sympathy. I find it amazing that
a web site of that magnitude has 'loopholes' that are a ten-year old
hacker's dream.
  Then he has the audacity to email my Postmaster, claiming that 'returning'
his mail is 'spamming'?  Which Subject: heading bothered him the most, the
one that said, "If you act like an idiot, we'll treat you like one?" (this
is a quote from plaidworks.com's home-page).
  Chuq's 'loophole' resulting in his mailsite spamming people with Tourette
Syndrome, like myself, are not his biggest problem.
  Whatever kindegarten child hacked his system to spam the CyberPunks conference, is not his biggest problem.
  In my estimation, the Evil One roaming his system freely (who is rumored to have originated the 'Ping of Death'), is probably his biggest problem.
The fact that some of plaidworks.com's 'postmaster' and 'webmaster' mail
is being routed directly to me, is probably a close second.
   If I receive further mail routed from plaidworks.com, I will continue
to return it.  However, if anyone wishes to inquire 'nicely' in regard to
plaidworks.com's 'hidden' problems, I would be happy to reply.
  Toto

@_date: 1996-12-27 13:01:02
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Forged addresses 
An informative post for the most part, but the above is a crock of shit.
The best that this dweeb can do is to write 'my' postmaster, accusing me
of 'spamming' him because I 'return' his own mail to him.
  He has a psycho roaming behind the scenes in his system, and he has
enough time to email people whining about people hitting the 'reply'
button when they get his spam.
  His time would be better served fixing his system so that ten-year old
kids can't hack it.

@_date: 1996-12-27 13:53:22
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: Re: Forged addresses 
The way it should have been in the first place?
  Not to mention laissez-faire administrators.
   The way it should have been in the first place?
  I think maybe 'limped' around your traps would be a better description.
(It might have been blind quadraplegics)
  Does this not 'ring a bell' that suggests how 'they' know when you're
"not looking?" (Buy a clue!)
  So that I won't get 1,000 spammed messages from your list?  What a
brilliant idea, setting up your system so that any idiot with a
Commodore 64 and 256k of ram can't use your system to spam the world.
  Like you should have from the beginning?
  The mailbot problems are 'warts'.  I think you need to check for

@_date: 1996-12-27 14:27:23
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: Repair " YOUR OWN " Credit !] 
References: <199612270006.TAA21092
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Good folks who already have too much to read:
I encourage that everyone who gets spam like that which follows forward the original message BACK TO THE SENDER (several times) demanding to know "what the hell does this have to do with cryptology, spammer ??" attached to the * end * of their quoted text.  Hopefully, the response that they receive will be "overwhelming" :)
If (s)he has to search through every message looking for "good replies," then they may be less inclined to solicit for such a voluminous response in the future.

@_date: 1996-12-31 02:40:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Re: Mr. May's Posts.  Other Things. 
"People have a right to do to you anything that you can't
stop them from doing."
  Harry Browne, 'How I Found Freedom in an Unfree World.'

@_date: 1996-12-31 03:53:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: "Structuring" of Communications a Felony? 
Thank heaven that our government would never do anything like this.
(and that Santa Clause is real)

@_date: 1996-12-31 03:49:35
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [[[   NEW !  Computer Based Business.    ]]] 
This is, by far, the politest spam I have yet received.
  But Fuck Off, anyway.

@_date: 1996-12-31 03:51:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
This is the first posting I have seen (someone unSCUMscribed me a
few days ago) which addresses the need for having defences in
place against spamming attacks.
  The fact is, the InterNet is a global neighborhood, and everyone
will be affected by the security or non-security of their neighbors.
Since the Web is currently seen as the new 'gold rush', every Tom,
Dick and Harry who wants to capitalize on it will be putting up
web sites, with their concern being focused much more on increasing their piece of the pie, than on being good neighbors.
  So sports lists are going to make it easy-as-pie for 10,000 Laker's
fans named Bubba to subscribe to their list and, as a result, make it
also as easy-as-pie for people to take advantage of their come-one-
come-all policy in order to engage in the sport of spamming.   While there are many good list operators who take reasonable
precautions against abuse of their system, they are often still
left open to abuse coming from the system of less concerned
list operators.
  It would seem to me that part of the solution would be to have
in place a monitoring system which would reflect a sudden increase
in email coming in from new (or current) sources.  Then the source
of any excessive increase could be put on 'hold' until the system
operator has a chance to check on the validity of the reason behind
the sudden increase.
  (20 messages from Bubba is an inconvenience, but 500 messages
is a royal pain-in-the-ass)
  As for 'mailbots', I think that any solutions to the potential
abuse will only be a 'stopping action', at best.
  My view is that the machines are starting to make their play
towards taking over, and that we will eventually be doomed to be
their slaves, and not the other way around.

@_date: 1996-12-31 05:06:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Just another government fuckover: New crypto regulations 
In Canada, farmers purportedly own their own land, but are required by
law to sell their grain only through the (collective) Canadian Wheat
  Right now, farmers are fighting this policy, and being jailed for attempting to sell their grain themselves, on the open market.   Why is it that governments always seem to be so self-congratulatory
about allowing the citizens to be 'free' to do those things that the
government 'allows' them to do?
  It is so comforting to know that I am 'free' to decide what color of
sand they put in the Vaseline. (I prefer black, myself)

@_date: 1996-12-31 05:06:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Just another government fuckover: New crypto regulations 
One also needs to keep in mind that, contrary to the great gun-packing
debate going on in the conference, not everyone is so quick to vocalize
whether or not they are 'packing'.
   It's similar to asking your opponent in a poker-game what he's 'holding'
when it's showdown time. Would you really trust his or her answer, no matter what it was?
  To me, the only real answer, in either situation, is a 'shrug'.
You've got to pay to play.
  I don't know if fuck had any problems as a result of his
escapade, but if he did, I would suspect there is a good chance that
they were caused by one of the more soft-spoken people on the forum.
  I've bounced a lot of wild-frontier bars in my time, and it has
been my experience that it is a truism that,
  "The quiet ones are the guys you don't want to mess with."

@_date: 1996-12-31 05:29:49
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
I'm sure that the NSA would be more than happy to take responsibility
for deciding which posts are off-topic.

@_date: 1996-12-31 05:28:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: If He Doesn't Like Me 
Have you 'coined a phrase' here?
  Perhaps future generations, reading of the exploits of the 'Ebonites', will recognize your contribution to the language.

@_date: 1997-01-21 12:11:41
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
I agree, totally.
  Just because an individual claims, rightly or wrongly, to be a
big defender of freedom, involving himself or herself in causes
like those of the Electronic Freedom Foundation, does not take
away their right to stomp on anyone who disagrees with them on
their own private list.
  To claim otherwise would be as ludicrous as denying the person
running the Anonymizer the right to expose the identities of the
people he feels might perhaps be abusing his private system, or
using it for nefarious purposes, such as hiding their identity from others.

@_date: 1997-01-22 04:25:44
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
And Germany was Hitler and the Nazi Party's own country.
  Do you really want Clinton and GingWretch having a say in how we run
web? (I don't).
  It may be 'their' country ('their' being the government), but it is 'their' world ('their' being the people). There was a reason that the Western powers didn't return East Germans who broke the laws of their
country by climbing over the wall and running for freedom.
  Making information available does not 'force' a view on anyone.
  I want a couple of whatever this guy is on.
  No. The internet was conceived so that the DOD could monitor the
of physicists and researchers who thought it was awfully nice of the
to provide this wonderful method of sharing data and information.
  Toto

@_date: 1997-01-23 06:27:56
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Sorry, I forgot that people who work well with numbers often aren't as
good at working with concepts.  I'll write slowly.
  I'm equating 'any' country where individuals take and keep power over it's citizen by illicit and/or dehumanizing means with Nazism and   Right. And if someone 'chooses' to give their money to a thief with
a gun, then it is not the business of other people, or the police.
  I would hate to interfere with someones 'right' to get robbed,
raped, or murdered.
  But according to your viewpoint, countries he had not invaded had no
right to 'help' those he conquered.
  Perhaps Hitler was merely the Dr. Vulis of isolationism.  The isolationists' claims that the affairs of other countries were not
our affairs changed rather rapidly when it became apparent that they
had better either get their heads out of their butts, or learn to
speak German.
  It seems that several million Jews got 'filtered' into 'nihilism'
during the Second World War while the isolationists were busy not
interfering with the rights of individuals in other nations to
commit 'suicide' at the hands of the Nazis.
  Never forget.  A forest can apparently exist without Jewish trees.   There are a lot of people lying in graves around the world who might
suggest that perhaps they didn't support the system that limited,
controlled, and murdered them. They might also argue that it 'did'
work in many countries, for many years.
  I believe you mean the 'stated' original goal of the InterNet.
to the 'stated' goal of crypto regulations.)
  A series of manuscripts entitled "The True Story of the InterNet"
the shadowy faces behind the facade of the InterNet, and the plans,
its very inception, for it to become part of the underlying fabric of everyday life, internationally. They were almost considered to be
sci-fiction at the time they were written, because the InterNet, at the
time was just a smallish, specialized, technical entity at the time.
  The claims they made for the InterNet being foreordained to become almost exactly what it is now becoming were written off as ludicrous.
  You seem to have very strong feelings about people who think
from yourself being a 'big problem'.   The battle cry of every apologist for every corrupt or jackboot regime that has ever existed on earth.
  Why do I never hear this view from anyone who is being censored,
or who can hear the jackboots thumping against their own door or their neighbor's door?  It always seems to come from someone who is getting
piece of the pie and is worried that it might end.
  You might try reading something other than 'Life' magazines from the
if you want to get a little better picture of how our government really
  I'm already working toward solving the problems that I see, in other countries as well as this one.  The people behind the Iron Curtain have
never seemed to have any problem with me risking my life and liberty making prohibited information available to them.
   "I can hear the rumbling of the trucks as they come up the street, and soon I will be hearing the thumping of the jackboots storming up the staircase, as I have heard them so many times before.  But I suspect that, this time, the sound will be different, that it will have an ethereal quality about it, one which conveys greater personal meaning than it did when I heard it on previous occasions.
   "This time, they are coming for me."
   "My only hope, is that I can find the strength of character somewhere inside myself to ask the question which lies at the heart of why there is a 'they' to come for me at all...why, in the end, it has finally come to this for me, as for countless others.
   "The question is, in retrospect, as simple and basic as it is essential for any who still espouse the concepts of freedom and liberty to ask themselves upon finding themselves marveling at the outrageousness being perpetrated upon their neighbors by 'them'...by 'others'...by 'Friends of the Destroyer.'
   "The question is...'Why didn't "I" do something?'"
      A quote from the personal diary of Vice-Admiral B. D'Shauneaux,
      from the Prologue to Part II of 'The True Story of the InterNet'

@_date: 1997-01-23 06:26:28
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Decision in Karn Case 
Look on the bright side. Maybe they'll move them around so much that
they'll lose them.
  That is why the thugs and the brown-shirts always start by attacking
scattered individuals and those they can easily brand 'troublemakers.'
(Only in rare instances, do they start with Doctors).
  The intellectuals and academics might, at best, utter a few tut-tut's,
and by the time that the rule of force has become the order of the day,
there is no longer anyone 'below' them left free to object to the
attacks on themselves.

@_date: 1997-01-24 06:01:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Commerce Sec. Hearings and Encryption 
True. Perhaps I should have said "freely available, but it might
cost you more than you expect."
  The average joe is quickly becoming aware of the issue of data
security (and therefore being exposed to the 'concept' of encryption as something that will impact his life). Of course,
this is coming about as a result of commercial pressures to make
him feel safe about handing over his Visa number, etc.
  To me, this indicates that this is the opportune time to inject
a deeper level of understanding into the issue of crypto, at a
time when the average joe has his attention directed toward the
crypto arena.

@_date: 1997-01-24 05:58:43
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Are you referring to the CypherPunks 'censored' list?

@_date: 1997-01-24 05:57:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: THE NEW YORKER on the V-Chip 
I noticed that when my nephews buy video games, the first ones they
check out are the ones plastered with the 'protective' ratings-symbols
that proclaim that the game is the 'baddest of the bad' in terms of
violence, etc.
  Thanks to the violence-rating system, they no longer have to waste
time checking out 'dweeb' programs that contain absolutely no blood
and gore.

@_date: 1997-01-24 06:12:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: If you were unable to download UDCM V2.0 before... 
Yours is the post these guys have been waiting for. All of those other
CypherPunks just 'flamed' them  by asking technical questions about their products.
  Who knows, they may make you their marketing manager.

@_date: 1997-01-24 06:11:25
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
I have noticed that the 'sorting' of messages seems to be based
as much on personality as upon content.   The standard of what constitutes a 'flame' seems to rest very much
upon whom a comment is directed at, or merely 'vaguely toward'.  There have been more than a few postings stronly lambasting various
generic grouping of individuals which have passed without censoring.
  Your post, however, included Dr. Dimitri's vague reference to
a homosexual 'elite'. While it was directed toward no one in particular, I suppose one could 'infer', from his past postings,
that it referred to certain individuals, or a group of individuals.
  So it would seem that, in quoting the posts of others, one must
take into consideration what various readers may infer from their
previous posts.
  This was more than obvious to anyone who cared to cast an objective
eye on the process, but their input was pooh-paah'd by the 'washed   Like all of the 'opinions' that were expressed prior to the censorship
of the list? I haven't seen any indication that these opinions were given the slightest consideration.  This is not the readership's list.
It is a private individual's list.
  My view of Sandy's moderation is that it is rather willy-nilly, and
not done particularly objectively. There have been personal insults directed toward various individuals, including myself, which seem not to have been considered 'flames', while there are more than a few posts which, even on the closest of inspection, I can see no reason for dumping the the 'flame-crapper', other than the fact that they are somewhat associated to the 'unclean' list members.
  The moderation, at best, seems to encourage 'snide' commentary
meant to be ill-disguised cheap-shots. I would much rather have list members taking strong, clean shots at their 'targets', than
to be subjected to two-faced people talking out of the side of
their mouths.
  In short, I don't see the moderation as being 'fair', and I don't
think it was ever meant to be.
  I don't have a problem with this, since it's a private list, and, as far as I am concerned, the list-owner can censor it, or have it
censored, any way he or she sees fit.
  I would like to point out, however, that anyone who has had their
posts 'sorted' into the 'flames list' is now a 'known flamer', as
evidenced by the fact that their post has been designated a 'flame'
on a list run by a champion of free speech on the electronic
  It is obvious that some of the more intuitively intelligent list
members are aware of this, as is indicated by the nervous fear with
which they 'explain why' their post is crypto-relevant.

@_date: 1997-01-24 13:12:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Encrypting ZIP disks 
I came across a 'cracker' program that claims to be able to
hack the SecureDrive encryption system.
  Off the top of my head, I think it was called ZipCracker, or something similar in name to one of the PKZip encryption
cracking programs.  I found it on one of the hacker websites,
and there was a text file regarding SecureDrive which went
into some detail re: both the hardware and software aspects
of the Zip drives and the encryption itself.

@_date: 1997-01-25 08:10:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
It became rather glaringly obvious after moderation was announced
that class structure would be the defining feature of moderation.
  Those who felt themselves to be in the 'upper class' made no
bones about it.

@_date: 1997-01-25 07:55:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cypher-Oops! 
I was just wondering if the CypherPunks list is now the only list
that has an Administrative introduction for list members that could
not be posted in full to the list-proper, as it contains a flame
against an individual.

@_date: 1997-01-25 23:10:54
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cellular phone triangulation 
Replace the words 'drug dealers' with the words 'everyone', and I
this becomes not only a correct statement, but a very revealing one.
  It doesn't matter whether the subject is crypto, cell phones, or any
communications item or issue, the 'answer' to the proclaimed 'problem',
according to the government, is to increase the government's ability
to monitor every citizen, everywhere, at any time.
  Our prisons are overflowing with drug dealers and drug users who were
put there by quite ordinary means which didn't involve violating or
discarding the rights of the ordinary citizen.  Yet we keep hearing
cries from the government for the desperate need to infringe on the
citizen's right to freedom and privacy, again and again, in order to
jail the guys who were supposed to be jailed by the 'last' infringement
on the average citizen (and the one before that).
  So far, as a result of the plethora of laws passed to enable law
enforcement agencies to 'catch drug dealers', I have seen only a
few minor criminals who are claimed to have been brought to justice
as a result of these laws, while seeing documentation of hundreds
and thousands of ordinary citizens being harassed and having their
human rights violated by these same laws.
  And still, we have people like Mark, who seem relatively intelligent
and informed but who still echo the party-line of Big Brother when
He proclaims that the average citizen must be subjected to new and
better ways to monitor the movements and activities of His citizens
in order to 'protect' them from 'drug dealers'.
  I am certain that the issues (and the debates about them) will be the same as today, when the dawn finally comes where we hear the announcement about the plans for identity-chip body-implants. I am sure that the government will tell us that our privacy and rights
will be protected by the Key Escrow encryption in the identity-chip
which will only be compromised for the purpose of catching 'drug
dealers' and other 'scum'.
  I am sure that the statement above will be pooh-paah'd by many as
an example of reactionary-paranoid thinking, but the same could be
said for all of the rights and privacy-infringing realities that
we currently live under. (Like having to provide samples of bodily
fluids to keep your job as a janitor--in case you've been dipping
into the coke stash of the CEO, who does 'not' have to piss in a
  Five years from now, you may well be wearing an identity-anklet
at work (to combat employee-theft, etc.) and still laughing at
my ludicrous example of body-implant identity-chips. ("It's not
like they make us wear them at home, they are just for protecting
us from unfair firing by our employer.")
  Ten years from now, you may be wearing your identity-anklet at
home, and still laughing about the idiot who predicted body-implant
identity-chips. ("It's no trouble wearing it at home, especially
if it helps catch those damn 'drug dealers'. They are the only
ones who leave their house during the curfew hours, anyway.")
  A couple years after that, you will welcome the government
announcement that they have found a solution to the 'problem'
of having to wear the identity-anklet all of the time--the new,
improved, identity-chip solution--the body-implant ID-chip.
  Naturally, you will pooh-paah the naysayers who claim that
the body-implant chip will eventually have the capacity to
read your mind.
  ("The guy saying that is the same idiot who predicted that
we would all be wearing body-implant identity-chips...
  "Well, OK, that's a bad example, but...")
  You can fight the increasing hi-tech machinations of Big Brother to control our actions, movements, and our thoughts,
but it will cost an increasing amount of time and effort to
do so.
  Not to mention larger and larger amounts of money.
  But, maybe if you became a 'drug dealer'...

@_date: 1997-01-25 22:56:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Obese-rvation? I hope you are not assuming that I am obese, just
because I am responding to a post originating from
  I would hate to become relegated to the upcoming cypherpunks-fatpeople
list because of assumptions of this nature.

@_date: 1997-01-25 23:10:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Corelation 
My database seems to indicate a direct co-relation between the number of postings criticizing moderation and the number of UCE/Spam postings showing up on the list.
  i.e. When there are a number of postings critizizing Sandy's
moderation, then the diversionary UCE/Spam postings increase
  Has anyone actually 'seen' John Gilmore, lately? Since there
have been a number of postings indicating that the writer
'used to respect' Gilmore, I am wondering if perhaps this
moderation experiment is not actually an attempt by someone
to discredit him.
  Perhaps he is being held hostage somewhere, while the more
nefarious elements among us are trying to besmirch his good
name by using it to promote willy-nilly censorship and

@_date: 1997-01-25 23:57:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: overview.htm (fwd) 
Both male homosexuals and IV drug-users have always suffered from
an inordinate amount of infections, etc., because they are engaging
in physical behavior that Mother Nature had not anticipated, since
the behavior fulfills more of a psychological need than a physical
  Perhaps Mother Nature is homophobic and anti-drug, but, at any rate, she did not design the butt-hole to allow virus-free insertion
of outside objects, nor blood-veins to be pierced regularly in
order to insert condensed chemical combinations.
  As a result, those who engage in these behaviors have always had
to deal with the physical effects which result from Nature's 'error'.
IV drug users have always had high incidences of jaundice, etc., while male homosexuals have had to contend with various forms of
venereal disease, etc.  In both cases, they end up in a continuing
cycle of antibiotic use.
  There has been great concern raised among those in the medical profession regarding the end-effects of their wholesale prescribing
of anitbiotics for colds, aches and pains, etc., leading to the development of new strains of virus which are immune to the older
antibiotics. This leads to development of stronger (misused)
antibiotics, which then leads to stronger strains of virus.
  There have been a number of studies which point to the fact that
the human immune system is now caught in a battle between increasingly
potent virus and antibiotics and is losing its capacity to fight
its 'natural' enemies.
  Humans tend to base their 'judgements' on psychological critera.
Thus someone who puts a quart of scotch in their system every day
can turn around and call someone who is putting outside objects into their butt-hole a 'pervert' who is doing 'unnatural' things
to their body.
  Personally, I prefer to kill two birds with one stone, so I put
a quart of scotch up my butt-hole every day.

@_date: 1997-01-26 00:10:33
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: overview.htm (fwd) 
Nurses have free access to all types of antibiotics and high-inducing
drugs, and a good many of them are regular users of both.
  Hospitals are notoriously bad places for healthy people to go, as many
go in with little diseases and come out with big diseases (for which
they are often re-hospitalized).
  Also, outward appearances rarely have a whole lot to do with
of a superior auto-immune system. Plants have been bred to 'look pretty'
for the consumer, so we now have unblemished food stuffs which require
huge applications of poisonous chemicals in order to survive, because
they have lost their natural ability to defend themselves against even
ordinary plant pests and diseases.

@_date: 1997-01-26 07:40:39
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Ultimate Flames List 
> My point about the antibiotics is that the male gays take a dis-
 > proportionate amount of them, which compounds their problems.  It
 > suggests to me that the immune system is already seriously
 > or damaged before AIDS can take hold, rather than the notion that a
 > healthy person can get it from the virii alone.
   It has been suggested that disease is merely an attempt by Nature to
 'moderate' the species.
   One could make a strong case for Nature merely 'sorting' individuals
 into physical lists, one of which is her own 'flames' list. It remains
 to be seen whether Nature also plans on dropping the 'flames' list
 after her moderation experiment is over.
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-26 07:40:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
It is whatever the moderator decides it is, depending upon h/is/er intelligence, understanding, mood, command of language, sobriety,
etc., etc., etc.
 I am certain that there are members of the controlled media who are
ROTL at the CypherPunks following in their footsteps, after having
belittled the media for years for their sheep-mentality.
 We are also demonstrating that all of the CypherPunk rhetoric about
cryptography and freedom and... was just a lot of 'smoke' being blown by a bunch of pretenders who folded like a busted flush when
they were 'told' that the man who owns the Machine will now subject
them to the whims of whatever moderation he sees fit to impose on
the list.
  Cryptography is about privacy. Apparently, however, the New List
Order is of the opinion the Privacy Without Freedom is an obtainable
  It doesn't matter if the 'owner' of the list/Machine decides that s/he
is now the government, with the power and/or right to make all decisions
concerning the list.
  I think that anyone who thinks that moderation is, or could ever be,
anything other than a dance into the arms of the establishment, is
already crazy.
  For the record, I don't think that either John or Sandy is crazy.
I think that they have their own pre-established goals which others
on the cypherpunks list are not privy to.
  Of course, this is my personal opinion, and I could be wrong.
  On the other hand, I could be 'right' like I am about everything

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:40:43
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Jim Choate Speaks Out on My Part of the Net 
Thank you for your support in my efforts to exert supreme control over
the part of the net that I have paid for.
 I am sure that you will continue to fight for the right of myself and
the government of Singapore to use that control for whatever purpose
they choose.
 As you can see above, I have enhanced your posting so that it more
closely conforms to the beliefs that my paid-for part of the net was
set up to espouse.

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:58:10
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Just Say No to Telcom "Reform" 
Ross Wright forwarded:
  Surprise, surprise!
  Yes it is.
  Nobody in politics gives up the ground they've gained. The fact that
they were able to hose the citizens the first time around only reinforces their certainty that they can continue to do so.
  While people are still fighting the earlier, lost battles, they are
preparing for the next one.
  I fully support anyone who wants to continue to fight past battles,
present battles, and future battles, on the level of surface politics.
But I think that their efforts are most effective if they add the
tools and weapons developed by the underground to their battles.
  Let them know that if they want to censor you, they will have to
censor your 'strong' crypto. Even if you choose to fight by showing
up with your gun on your hip, at high-noon, it still doesn't hurt to
have one tucked in your boot, as well.

@_date: 1997-01-26 20:14:09
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
When I read posts like this, I wonder how any rationally thinking
person can possibly believe that socio/politico concerns have no
place in the discussion of crypto.
  It is my belief that many of the more atrocious acts being performed
against the citizens by various governments are made possible by the
fact that there are so few people who recognize a 'pirate' when they
see one.
  While I appreciate that there are those who may be furthering the
cause of crypto, privacy and freedom through official channels, the
controlled media, and such, there needs to be a forum in which people are free to use what they consider to be the 'correct'
terminology to refer to those who have usurped democracy in order
to control the citizens for their own personal profit.
  i.e. 'Pirates'

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:10:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Internet, Countries, Nationalism, etc. 
Thanks for clearing this up for us, Jim.
  I know that a lot of CypherPunks have been wondering about this,
and many others as well. Hopefully, it will be posted on many
conferences to enlighted others, as well.

@_date: 1997-01-26 22:10:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: overview.htm (fwd) 
I don't go in for that sick, perverted stuff, myself, but I have
a friend...

@_date: 1997-01-27 06:42:15
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Sharon / Re: Scott's Legal Problems 
While I don't have a lot of details regarding Scott's personal
history, as such, I have a lifetime of experience with TS, the medical
system, and the legal system, as well.
  I spent more than a little time in court and at seminars, as a
counsellor, addressing the issues of physical and mental disabilities
and the resulting behavior patterns that are engendered by them. I have
found that both judges and prosecutors inherently understand the issues
themselves, but that defendants rarely have anyone able to effectively
speak for them in regard to these issues.
  The fact of the matter is, the legal system is geared toward
'punishment' as a means of impressing upon people that they need to
modify their behavior in order to act within the boundaries required by
society. In order for people with special needs to be afforded an
opportunity to meet society's requirements, there is an onus upon them
to be able to show reasonable cause to the judge as to why a 'generic'
solution to the problem they present to society is neither feasible, nor
  As a result of being afflicted with Tourette Syndrome, your son has
problems that I am very familiar with, since I have had to deal with the
results of the affliction myself for almost a half-century, without
proper diagnosis. So I will endeavor to explain some of the
life-experiences that I have been through, personally, as a result of
this disease's influence on my life.
  The fact is, I was unjustly charged and convicted of a minor drug
offense at the age of 19, for the simple reason that I was 'different'
from the other 'suspects', and thus was more suspicious. I was fortunate
enough to recognize that I was, indeed, different from others, and that
this would be something that would affect my life greatly in the future.
The result was that I made an effort to fully understand the intricacies
of the law and to take actions to protect myself in the future, no
matter whether my actions were in line with societies dictates, or
beyond the acceptable boundaries of society.
  When you are 'different', then you are subject to a much closer
scrutiny than the rest of society, and to a much harsher punishment, as
a rule. I have spent hours on end at the border crossing near my
hometown while customs officials called down the drug dogs from the big
city, because I couldn't explain to them why I was 'twitching'. I have
spent many days in jail waiting to answer to charges that would later be
dismissed because there was no substance to them. I have been subjected
to personal debasement and humiliating libel because of various
authorities deeming that the manifestations of my disability were signs
of my lack of morality, or of evil intentions on my part.
  You say your son has problems over possessing pills that a friend gave
him to try in order to help his TS?
  My father and mother have given me, over the years, various of their
medications to try in order to see if it would help me. They did so
because, for all of their care and concern, helping me as much as
possible within the 'proper boundaries' of medical science, I was not
getting what I needed in order to become a functional human being.
  My father and mother are respected business people and leading members
of the community. They never had to fear getting 'busted' for stepping
outside the bounds of society--but I did.
  I found a drug, amphetamine, that helped me to become a functional
member of society, but I was subject to arrest and imprisonment if I got
caught possessing it. After over three decades of occasional 'illegal'
use of the drug, it is now prescribed for my by a doctor who is allowed
to do so because it is now a 'recognized' treatment for TS. But, from a
legal standpoint, I was supposed to forego use of the drug and lead a
more dysfunctional life.
  DWI's? The most functional period of my life was spent self-medicating
with alcohol and nicotine. I acted as president of a small computer
company while smoking a carton
of cigarettes a day and drinking a case (24) of beer a day. It made me
  I put on 30-50,000 miles a year, accident free, and there were times
that I would not drive if I didn't have my 'medicine/beer' because I
didn't feel it was safe to do so. I had the foresight to buy my own
breathalyzer so that I could guage my drinking according to the legal
standard, but I did so only for legal reasons, not for reasons of
  Public intoxication? I was recently 'forced' to show up in court in a
state of legally defined 'public intoxication' in order not to be locked
in a cage like an animal as a result of my disabilities.
  I missed a court appearance because the prescribed medications I was
taking could not get me onto the 'day schedule' required by the legal
system. Under threat of imprisonment for failing to show up at the next
court date, I spent the previous night imbibing my 'old faithful'
medication, Scotch. I had a friend drive me to court, and I drank Scotch
and Coke while pleading my case (which I won).
  I had no desire to 'break the law'. I did not have an 'attitude
problem'. I was not trying to 'flaunt the rules of society'. I was
trying to survive. I was trying to keep from being locked in a cage for
not being able to function according to society's wishes without
performing actions which also went against society's wishes, but which
would enable me to avoid 'punishment', nonetheless.
  I take it that Scott is 'hiding out' to avoid being locked in a cage
for violating the rules of society.
  I have spent a great deal of my life 'hiding out' so that I would not
have to come into contact with society and be punished for trying to
survive while not fitting into the common mold.
  There have been times when I was forced to 'hide out' from showing up
in court to answer this-or-that charge which I knew would be dismissed
if I could hold out until I was functional enough to deal with the
situation. I had the foresight and the knowledge to do so using the same
'techniques' as a lawyer who isn't ready to plead a case because he
stayed up too late drinking the night before. I 'fudged' the truth, as
lawyers do every day, but I did so in order to compensate for a
dysfunctionality which was very real, but undiagnosed and therefore
unrecognized by the legal system.
  I have been blessed enough in life to have 'escaped' many situations
which could have turned out badly for me, by virtue of learning at a
young age that I needed to institute my own methods of dealing with a
dysfunctionality which I recognized, but which, in many ways, remained a
mystery to me.
  I have also been blessed by having the extreme good fortune to have
encountered a number of judges and prosecutors who were truly concerned
about justice, and who had the ability to judge me as a human being, and
take into account the fact that I was being honest with them about my
attitude, intentions and circumstances, even when my outward actions or
appearance did not correspond to what they were used to seeing in
'normal' people.   And I have been blessed to be able to make a difference in the lives
of others by pleading their case to those in authority over them, when
they were unable to effectively do so themselves. During my years as a
consellor and court-appointed advisor, I was only vaguely aware that I
understood the circumstances of the people I was helping to defend
because I shared their disabilities and their dysfunctionality.
  In regard to Scott, I don't know him personally, but the trials and
tribulations that you have shared on the pov-twitch forum are not
foreign to me, as they mirror my own life in many ways.
  What I would say to a judge and a prosecutor who are charged with the
duty of protecting both society and the individual, is this:
 1. Please have the compassion and the wisdom to take a close look at
Scott as a human being, and seriously consider what special
circumstances may be raised by the fact that he is afflicted with a
medical condition that affects his life in ways that he has little
control over.
 2. Try to make a distinction between actions, behaviors and attitudes
that are a result of a 'bad attitude' or a 'criminal intent', and the
actions, behaviors and attitudes of an individual who is trying
desperately to survive in a world in which he is ill-equipped to
function as a result of his disabilities.
 3. Please make an attempt to review his past history of involvement
with the legal system with an eye toward recognizing that perhaps the
judgements made about him, and the resulting legal decisions regarding
the disposition of his cases, did not fully take into account his
physical and mental disabilities and thus did not reflect the best
course of resolution of his case for the greatest benefit of both
society and the individual himself. (The Tourette-support forums
regularly contain postings by loving and concerned parents who are
horrified by the mistaken judgements--and resulting punishments-they
made concerning their children before they came to realize that their
child had physical and mental disabilities which required them to view
his or her actions in a new light, and find unique solutions for the
problems that these disabilities presented.)
 4.  Keep in mind the fact that resistance to authority and the tendency
to 'flee' from the face of society are common traits among many who
suffer from Tourette Syndrome and its accompanying afflictions. (I
posted a message to pov-twitch in which I spoke of feeling like a
"hunted animal" for much of my life, and I received a huge outpouring of
responses from TS-adults which reflected the pain and fear that they
still carried inside of themselves as a result of a lifetime of
persecution for the 'small sin' of being different from those around
 5. Please realize that you are judging an individual, whose future lies
in your hands, who has a genuine need for special understanding in order
to bring his case to a resolution which will benefit society and the
individual himself.
  It is easy to recognize the special circumstances and needs necessary
to dispense true justice in the case of the 'obviously' and the
'acceptably' disabled. When one is confronted with a retarded
individual, or a person in a wheel-chair, the special circumstances
regarding the disposition of their case are obvious. When judging a
person who is rambling on disjointedly about the voices in his or her
head, and truly hears them, then the need to take this into
consideration is equally obvious.
  It is much more difficult to put Tourette Syndrome-type behaviors and
attitudes into proper perspective, and to judge the part they play in an
individuals actions and behaviors. TS traits encompass ADHD and OCD
(Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder), and a variety of 'borderline'
dysfunctionalities which result in actions and behaviors which are easy
to classify as 'willful', 'disrespectful', etc. (Children who won't sit
still in their chairs; who utter obscenities; who perform impulsive
actions based on irrational, illogical thought processes.)
  I recognize that there are certain instances in which society's
interest is best served by locking up an individual so that they do not
do irrepairable harm to others, but if this concept is extended to the
point where it becomes the preferred method of dealing with
psychological disabilities, out of convenience, then I feel that justice
is no longer being served.
  Society, in return for abridging the rights of an individual to act in
any manner that he or she pleases, also takes on the responsibility to
ensure that the individual will not unduly suffer as a result of the
dictates of society.
  If society chooses to judge Scott for stepping outside the boundaries
of its rule of law, then society must ensure that Scott is afforded the
opportunity to gain the medical assistance that he needs in order to
deal with his disabilities within the bounds of society's laws.
  Imprisonment is hardly likely to be a solution that will result in
changes to Scott's medical disabilities. If the legal system is not able
to propose an alternative to imprisonment, then what hope is there,
really, for anyone who is engaged in a daily battle to overcome the
trials, tribulations and stigmatism associated with the affliction of
Tourette Syndrome.
  I wish you and Scott all the best in dealing with his present
situation, and I hope that you are blessed with a judge who understands
that society is composed of individuals and that, in judging the
individual, he or she is judging society itself.
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-27 06:41:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fantasy quotes & libel 
I enjoyed the 250,000 legalese-spams that you posted to the cypherpunks
list. You are certainly handy with a search-engine.
 You have certainly shown that the shotgun-approach to legal issues is
a valid one, as one of your posts actually came close to being relevant.
  Well, I'm certainly glad to hear that you feel you have the legal standing to sue the pants off of Sandy and John. When you're done with
them, you might want to check out Canadian law and think about suing
myself, as well.
  Of course, I realize that, given your strong position in regard to
the need not to interfere in the rights of others to exert dicatatorial
control over the content which passes through systems that they have
paid for with their own money, you would not be so hypocritical as to
attempt to interfere with those rights.
  An intelligent fellow such as yourself certainly wouldn't be so
ignorant as to stand up in court and declare that the right to exert
dicatatorial power by virtue of money and position should be negated
only when it affects you personally.
  I am sincerely in your debt for pointing out to me that the purchase
of my hardware and software, and the money I spend in maintaining it,
give me license to exert total control over anything that passes through it.
  It was only the knowledge that you are a man who stands behind his
statements that enabled me to recognize your post expressing whining
outrage that the principles you espouse should apply equally to all
were meant as humor, despite your failure to add the little happy-face
grin :).

@_date: 1997-01-27 06:40:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cypher-Apology 
I seem to have posted one of my private emails to the conference by mistake. It was in regard to a lady whose son is going to court in the
morning and has nothing to do with crypto. (unless I try to make a
supremely long leap in relating Tourette Syndrome to the Timmy May
'cocksucker' postings)
  My first instinct was to blame Bill Gates for holding me hostage and
forcing me to use Win95. My second instinct was to try to excuse my
error by blaming the ingestion of large amounts of drugs and alcohol
for my misdirection of my email.
  However, after consultation with the space aliens who speak to me
through the mercury filling in my teeth, I have come to the realization
that the error was the result of the fact that I am a fucking idiot.
  I imagine that my apology will not be received by those on the censored list, as I have just 'flamed' myself. I would apologize for
this, as well, but I am still sober enough to realize that this could
quite possibly result in an endless-apology-loop which would interfere
with the rights of those on the cypherpunks-uncensored list to receive
the "Make $$Money$$ Fast" postings that Sandy has been so kind to
forward to those who oppose censorship of list subscribers.

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:28:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Moderated list is missing headers 
The header information, on all of the lists, has been changed in order
to make it more difficult for list members to keep track of what is going on behind the Electromagnetic Curtain.
 A simple example is the fact that, originally, a quick glance at the header was sufficient to recognize which messages were sorted to the
flames list and were sent out by toad.com from this list. This has
since been changed to make the process of censorship more obtuse.
  Your complaint about it being difficult to 'untangle' certain message threads seems to stem from the fact that you have chosen
to receive only a cypher-world-view that has been censored before
you receive it.
  The purpose behind censorship on the list is for the censoring
party to be able to spoon-feed you only what they deem fit for you to read. Given the haphazard methods with which the censorship
is being instituted, it is not in the best interest of the censors
to make it easy for the list members to track the course of the
various postings.

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:26:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Unfortunately, I know a little 'too much' about you and John and
your relationships with the Establishment.  But as long as I don't
think about it at the dinner table, it doesn't affect my appetite.
  You do so all of the time. It seems, rather, that John cannot speak for himself (or is too embarrassed to do so).
  No, Sandy, it is yourself and John who are 'telling' others how
this list 'will' be run.
  You seem to be projecting your own motivations upon anyone who 'expresses' any unflattering opinion of the the censorship process
you have instituted.
 It must be nice, Sandy, having the power and control over the list
that enables you to fling insults at others and then direct them
to others only at your own whim and discretion.
 I guess that it is every list-dictator's dream to have the power
to send a big FUCK YOU to one portion of the list, and send a
portrait of themself as Mother Teresa to another portion of the

@_date: 1997-01-27 19:42:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Your view seems to be contradictory to that of Sandy. Sandy has
stated that s/he does not censor the list according to crypto-

@_date: 1997-01-28 13:16:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Toto's database 
As a matter of fact, it is. It consists of the cypherpunks unedited
flames list.
 Given the well-developed and ratiionally strong questions you asked in
your post, I am afraid that you would find my abstractions of data
rather rudimentary, at best.
  I keep a separate directory of CypherSpam, for my own purposes, and I merely popped the moderation-related criticisms into another directory
and made some direct comparisons. I used my computer-brain to draw my
conclusions from, which I suppose might raise the issue of personal
bias and/or competent technology. (I regard my brain as a Pentium, but
there are others who aver that it can more closely be compared to the
digital circuitry on their office coffee-machine)
  That is why the world has need of spin-doctors, conspiracy theorists and data-analysts.
  This is an illogical conclusion, since the proponents of moderation receive the censored list, and therefore do not receive the UCE/Spams.
  On the other hand, the UCE/Spams are passed along to the other lists,
despite the fact that not a single member of the list has indicated any desire to receive them. The fact that John and Sandy have shown
absolutely no concern for 'protecting' the list members from UCE/Spam until their forced censoring of 'undesirable' list members indicates that the 'punishment' you mention applies only to those who oppose
the censorship of list members.
  Unfortunately, the 'spam weapon' is an extremely exact science in the
hands of those familiar with remailer systems and bots.  Also, some of
the spams appear to originate from toad.com itself, as opposed to coming
from outside sources.

@_date: 1997-01-28 18:26:20
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: can Sun Tzu be a cypherpunks? 
WARNING! "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" Is A Very Dangerous Document
  It is reputed among many of the top minds in the Computer Industry to be a very real, and revealing, documentary of some of the horrors of the Industry which are sometimes rumored, but seldom exposed.  But be warned-they say it in private, not in public.
  Though management at the major Corporations in the Industry brush aside the document as the mad ramblings of an unstable, failed business executive, the fact remains that there are more and more people coming forward who claim to have suffered demotions or loss of employment after deliberately or inadvertently revealing their support of the document's claims and it's authenticity.
  If you choose to read this manuscript, do not speak of it in casual
conversation at your place of employment, or around strangers in any business or social environment.  Though it is almost impossible to document cases of reprisal of this nature, the increasing numbers of ex-employees of major Corporations in the Computer Industry making these claims, and the devastating consequences they allege to their professional and private lives, make it wise to be discreet in expressing any opinion, or even knowledge, of this document.
  If you choose to share this document with others, it would be wise to do so discreetly, even anonymously, should you be unsure of the reliability and discretion of whomever you choose to share this knowledge with.
  Though I personally lean toward viewing the manuscript as authentic, my exhaustive research into it's origin has always come to a dead-end, even among the principals involved.
  C.J. Parker, former President of Pearl Harbor Computers, Inc., denied
emphatically, in a face-to-face encounter with  anything whatsoever to do with the document.  When I pressed him with questions regarding the hasty demise of his business and the unraveling of his personal life after the public circulation of "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" began, he became very agitated and distraught, bordering on violence, and the interview was abruptly terminated.
  Dr. William M. Denney, one of the few principals in the manuscript referred to directly, was reluctant to be interviewed, but eventually made a few comments which I found to be very revealing.  Dr. Denney, Vice-President of Basis, Inc. in Emmeryville, Ca., consistently rated as one of the top ten Unix Open Systems vendors in the world, said, "I deny any knowledge of or participation, in any way whatsoever, with anything connected to 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre', and it would be wise for others to do the same."
  I find this statement to be very cryptic and, at the same time, very revealing; very much in line with what would expect from one associated with the alleged underground computer society described in the manuscript.
  As for Mr. Torry Basford, a former employee of Bell Labs who was Mr. Parker's first mentor in the world of Unix and is rumored to be laboring in obscurity in a small community college somewhere in the southwestern U.S., Mr. Parker would only say, "The man has suffered enough, please leave him alone."
 Regardless of the origins or authenticity of the document, it is considered by many to be extremely unsettling, perhaps even dangerous, and one might be better served to avoid reading the manuscript, if for no other reason than simple peace of mind.
 If you would like a copy of the manuscript,
send me a private email indicating a  desire
to receive it.

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:55:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Last nail for US crypto export policy? 
I just ran out of asswipe.
  Does anyone have any RSA Data Security, Inc. stock they'd like to

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:27:36
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: M.M. / Re: Sovreign Right of Lawful Access 
That plinking sound you hear is the sound of NSA's bloodhounds
stamping the phrase, in reverse, on the bottom of their jackboots.
  "Sovreign Right" has that certain ring to it which suggests the rhetoric of Dictators who imagine themselves to be Kings.
   "Lawful Access" has that "Of course, we will only use this
'right' against drug dealers.", kind of feel to it.
  Perhaps the student who popped RSA's test balloon could propose the "Universal Right to Casual Access."

@_date: 1997-01-29 01:25:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [noise] RE: Shave the Whales 
Maybe we could have the original cypherpunks list saved as an
historical ASCII arts treasure.

@_date: 1997-01-29 06:55:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
"All your private property, is target for your enemies."
                                    Jefferson Airplane

@_date: 1997-01-30 17:56:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: uae_1.html 
Think of the possibility of satellite-fed 'roving' InterNet sites.
  What will be the 'export' implications of sending crypto to a place
such as site.nowhere, site.somewhere, and site.intheUS-hee-hee.

@_date: 1997-01-31 05:55:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: PGP Mail 
Does anyone know if PGP Mail works well with Netscape?
I remember hearing about some problems, but don't recall seeing
anything indicating they were fixed.

@_date: 1997-01-31 17:43:36
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Complying with the EAR [was: More Circumventing the ITAR] 
Enjoyed your post.
  The motivations underlying U.S. crypto policy are indeed
and it is always good to have a variety of well-thought out opinions as
to some of the various impetus' behind the machinations of the different
governmental departments, etc., which encompass the wide range of those
involved in setting and enforcing crypto policy.
  No matter what the original motivations or pre-conceived plans behind
the initial impetus towards the regulation of crypto, once 'policy' enters the governmental maze it takes on a life of its own, subject
to whims and vagarities of departments and individuals which reflect
a confusing kalidescope of concerns which are both parallel and tangent
to the starting vector.
  I would imagine that, 1,000 years from now, students might well be
taught that Phil Zimmerman was responsible for World War III, with the
CypherPunks bearing much of the blame, as well.
"Fighting for peace, and fucking for virginity."

@_date: 1997-01-31 18:01:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Key Security Question 
If the repairman has your pubring and secring files, you can now consider them in the same light as a 'busted flush'.
  Chances are, he has neither the capability nor the interest in popping open your deep, dark secrets. On the other hand, if he returns your computer with a 'shit-eating grin', you may be in for
a world-of-hurt.
  My advice would be for you to check your 'paranoia level' and,
if you are a quart low, then read Phil Zimmerman's PGP documentation
once again, and make your decision based on the reality of the
possibilities involved.

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:34:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice] 
Organization: TOTO Enterprises
References:  <32C9F4A4.6394
Reply-To: toto
  Everything not permitted, is forbidden.
   George Orwell (maybe)

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:34:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice] 
Organization: TOTO Enterprises
References: Reply-To: toto
  Border Radio was all about the radio-outlaws saying 'fuck regulations'
and building powerful stations in Mexico.
  Every time the government builds a better dike, someone/somewhere
builds a better drill, to put a hole in it.

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:34:51
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fed's blew it this time. 
The solution to world peace?
  We KILL all of the 'violent' people.
  (Thank you. Just put my Nobel Peace Prize in the mail.)

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:35:06
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Have you been watching "It's A Wonderful Life", with Jimmy Stewart,

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:35:22
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Does this also apply to people who don't 'trust' PGP, or who feel more secure using another form of encryption?
  Are you working on a 'commission' basis, here?

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:35:26
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
I agree.
  Poor people have nothing of value to contribute to society. They probably ought to be in a camp somewhere, so that they don't bother
the hi-rollers.  They can share bunks with the disabled.

@_date: 1997-01-03 21:37:05
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
And there would be no possibility of ending up with a forum
of those with the most money spending all of their time agreeing with
one another.

@_date: 1997-01-04 00:40:17
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Perhaps the solution is to put in a system of mettle detectors.

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:10:03
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: Naive Export Question] 
Organization: TOTO Enterprises
References: Reply-To: toto
  That's right.  I've never seen a government regulator go broke from
having to pay lawyers in order to prosecute a citezen, right or

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:10:09
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: Timmy's Lost It: [Was Extremism in the defense of liberty is 	  no vice]] 
Organization: TOTO Enterprises
References:   Reply-To: toto
  Only in scale, and in the number of people and nations who felt that outside intervention in the affairs of other nations was
  In any war, whether 'just' or 'unjust' (or 'both'), the 'grunts' on
line, by very nature of their position, are cannon fodder, whether they
are their because of their ideals, or as a result of conscription.
  It is a sad fact that, even in a war where the main focus is the
fight for ideals that the common soldier is willing to sacrifice for, the 'powers that be' always seem to be ready, willing and able
to throw away a few 'extra' lives in order to increase the size of
their political 'cock', or to garner a few headlines.
  And when the war is over, the only thing that everyone can agree on
seems to be the 'body count'.  That's war.

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:10:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: [Fwd: Re: Experiments on Mailing Lists] 
Organization: TOTO Enterprises
References: Reply-To: toto
  I don't think it would take an extraordinary amount of brainpower for
someone to be able to figure out that a posting with a subject heading,
"Make Big $$$" is auto-spam, and put it out of its misery.
  And 500 messages titled, "How about them Lakers, huh?" would probably
also be fairly easy for even the slow-of-wit to spot as
  If I am denied hearing about a new cryptography scheme because the
author of it named it, "How about them Lakers, huh?", I am sure that
it would be a loss that I could live with.

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:10:37
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Hardening lists against spam attacks 
Did I miss getting in on the 'ground floor', here?
  Damn. Well, I guess I'll just have to wait for the next email
telling how to "MAKE BIG $$$$'. (my psychic abilities tell me
that I won't have to wait long)

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:10:28
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Modified Token Posting Scheme 
And the person who pleases the most people gets to be Prom Queen.
(this requires either having 'great teeth' or having 'no teeth')

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:10:38
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: New rules for Internet sales to CA buyers 
Ignorance is no excuse for violating the law.  This is a standard
principle which can be loosely translated as, "It's not 'our' problem
that you're not psychic, sucker."

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:10:41
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: ONE MILLION CHILDREN..... 
Perhaps this explains why you never see a 666th floor in apartment

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:10:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: (Your Comment Here) 
"Before I joined CypherPunks, I couldn't even 'spell' cocksucker.
Now,...(Your Comment Here)."

@_date: 1997-01-04 21:41:21
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Experiments on Mailing Lists 
No, it's really fairly simple if you remember a few basics:
1. Tokens will be used for posting on Sunday through Wednesday.
2. Left-handed people can only post between 4 and 6 p.m.
3. People whose last names start with the letters 'a' through
'm' will not have to follow the 'Random Rules'.
4. People whose last names start with the letters 'n' through
'z' will be required to follow the 'Random Rules', but they will not be told what they are until the day following their
post. (otherwise, it would destroy the whole idea behind randomizing the posting rules)
5. Dr. DV K will be given two seperate tokens each day.  One
token will allow him to post a message containing the word
'cock', and the other one will allow him to post a message
containing the word 'sucker'.
6. People posting messages such as 'this' one will, eventually,
after reading their own postings, realize that they don't have
a 'real' life, and kill themselves--thus becoming a solution
to their own problem.

@_date: 1997-01-06 00:46:11
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Experiments on Mailing Lists 
Or 10,000 messages saying only, "Merry Christmas", followed a few days
later by another 10,000 messages saying, "Happy New Year".
  Anyone who needs 'proof' that I am speaking the truth, here, (and who
has a 10Gb hard drive), can just send me their email address, and I
would be glad to forward them.

@_date: 1997-01-06 00:46:27
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: ONE MILLION CHILDREN..... 
I can see that I'm going to have to lay in an extra supply of garlic
and silver bulltets.
 I suspect that everyone on the CypherPunks list is either an employee
of the NSA, or a member of the alleged 'Circle of Eunuchs'.  In the
words of the author of "Make BIG $$$",   "Email everybody, and let Eudora sort them out."

@_date: 1997-01-06 00:46:36
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: ONE MILLION CHILDREN..... 
I noticed that if I take all of the letters out of your name,
and add the letters 'S', 'a', 't', 'a', 'n', that I get a very
interesting result.
  Are you one of 'them'?
p.s. - Not many people would have figured this out. I guess I'm
just particularly talented with anagrams.

@_date: 1997-01-06 00:47:22
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: The Problems are Gay 
Hell, now they're selling tickets to this.
  Do CypherPunks get a discount?

@_date: 1997-01-06 03:13:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
I believe that every "EASY $$$ MONEY" posting ought to be forwarded
to the webmaster at the site from which it originated.
  Those who are harboring these generous souls should also be afforded
the opportunity to rake in the cash. I can hardly see how anybody could possibly resent being reminded of the wonderful opportuninties
they are making it possible for us to learn of.

@_date: 1997-01-06 03:13:38
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
"Why can't we just all get along?"
  (O.J., are you listening, this time?)

@_date: 1997-01-06 03:13:46
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experim 
Part of the problem I see is that there are a fair number of postings
that include traded insults, but which also contain some excellent
commentary and/or information.
  Perhaps much of the spamming/flaming could be curtailed by John
Gilmore announcing that he has stopped sucking cocks.   (Or am I 'unclear on the concept', here?)

@_date: 1997-01-06 03:13:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Will off-topic libertarian bullshit be allowed on the moderated mailing list? 
I don't consider discussion of ideologies and social issues to be
irrelevant to 'any' forum.
  Numbers have no soul. The development of the Atomic Bomb took place
within a closed system where the goal was central and the social
implications were, at best, peripheral. The continued development
of Atomic Physics remained in the hands of the 'powers that be',
with its progress hidden from the public, and with no social
discourse on the wide range of issues that would affect the public.
  We ended up with a bunch of guys sitting in cement rooms, holding
keys that would enable them to destroy the world.
  The 'Star Wars' program would have ended up the same way, except
the fools in power were confident enough in their ability to hornswaggle
the public and ramrod into place whatever policies they wanted, that
they had to 'brag' about it, and open it up for discussion.
  When Joe Average shouted, "Hey, Shit-For-Brains, I'm sitting here
trying to feed my kids, and you're pissing all my money away.", the
developers and backers of 'Star Wars' seemed to think that his
complaints were 'off-topic', or 'irrelevant'.
  I've seen several postings from 'newbies', asking perfectly reasonable
questions in regard to cryptography,  and saw them get nothing but shit and abuse for answers. I didn't see them ask again.
  As a matter of fact, the only serious, technical, crypto-related questions I have asked of anyone on this forum, I have asked by private email, after ascertaining that the person seemed both knowledgeable
and sincere about cryptography.
  Perhaps if the 'experts', busy discussing highly-technical areas,
were to take the time to educate those seeking to gain a wider knowledge
of cryptography, then CypherPunks would have a broader base of active crypto-related postings.  The more plants that you have in your
garden, the less room there is for weeds.
  Somebody was interested enough to post a question regarding it, but
I believe he only got one reply, telling him what an idiot he was.
  There were also several people interested enough in some 'code'
that they received as a result of joining this forum, that they
'ran' it, and had their systems damaged, as a result.
  They took a 'roasting' on the forum, which was not really totally
inappropriate, since it came from 'fuck but I expected
that there would be no shortage of people to help them deal with
this problem in this forum.  Apparently, I was wrong.
  I did my best to help one of them, by private email, and what surprised me was that he got no other offers of assistance with
his problem, but rather, continued email informing what a 'dweeb'
he was.
  I think that 'political rants' need to cover a wide range of territory in order to deal with an important issue that needs to
be kept in mind in regard to the very purpose of cryptography:
  There is a 'shitload of ratfuckers' out there.
  I re-read Phil Zimmerman's comments in the PGP documentation
every now and again, and although he may say it more concisely
than some of those on the forum, he is saying exactly the same
  I read some of the well-informed postings, in regard to such things
as export laws and potential end-runs around various regulations,
and they may be fine, but, to me, they represent an incomplete
world-view which needs the added input of those who remind us that,
in the end, there's a big rat-dick waiting for anyone who bends over too far in order to read the fine-print.
  I enjoy your postings, I look forward to them in the future.

@_date: 1997-01-06 03:13:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Privacy/Moderation 
Does 'moderation' relate to 'privacy'?
  Could this be amended to say:
 Cypherpunks assume moderation is a good thing and wish there were more
 of it.  Cypherpunks acknowledge that those who want moderation must
 create it for themselves and not expect governments, corporations, or
 other large, faceless organizations to grant them moderation out of
 beneficence.
  Is this the 'old' policy?
  So, if everyone is 'surprised' that somebody has been 'playing'
with the CypherPunks email, then they shouldn't be.
  But, Lord knows, they'll try.

@_date: 1997-01-06 03:43:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Spam Trading 
If anyone is unhappy with the spam they receive on CypherPunks,
I am willing to trade some of my spam from other conferences.
  Send Me:
    1 "Jimmy Gilmore is a cocksucker."
  I Will Send You:
    1,000 "Merry Xmas"
  Send Me:
    1 "Timmy May is a cocksucker."
  I Will Send You:
    1,000 "Happy New Year"
  Send Me:
    1 "Help! I ran that file from fuck
  I Will Send You:
    1,000 "Welcome to the Conference"
  Send Me:
    1 "unsribrive"
  I Will Send You:
    1,000 "Sorry You're Leaving"
  I can only offer you these amazing deals because one of the conferences I subscribe to is OCD-L (Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder   No need to 'ACT NOW', I'll have plenty of "Merry Xmas" and "Happy
New Years" messages continuing to trickle in from the Procrasinators
Support list.

@_date: 1997-01-06 22:39:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Inflation-index bonds and private e-currency 
Exactly. How can they claim, on one hand, that something does not
qualify as currency, or as legal tender, and then turn around and tax it?
  If I have 10 Million UNITS that aren't considered to legally be of
then I'm certainly not going to 'go easy' to tax court.
  Any currency that becomes sufficiently distributed and traded will
itself becoming a 'legal entity' in some form or another.  Once it has
been 'entityenized' (don't bother looking for that word in the
it will be a short step for it to achieve a quantifiable status among
other currencies.
  The bottom line has always been that anything which manages to reach a
sufficient level of use that it causes the government to want a 'piece
the pie' becomes regulated, taxed, and enters the mainstream of the
economic system.
  There has been a card-game going on in Texas for close to a hundred
years which works on a personal credit system and the IRS, to this point, has been able to do no better than require the players to
as income any credits that become translated into hard goods or taxable
  If this card game involved sufficient revenue to make a serious impact
on this country's economic system, then there would undoubtedly already
be an act of congress addressing the issue of drawing to an inside
  I hope that the IRS didn't take this as a personal attack.

@_date: 1997-01-06 22:39:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Modified Token Posting Scheme 
As well as people who fail to include their SIN and their mother's
maiden name. (for verification purposes only, of course)

@_date: 1997-01-06 22:39:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and I will run a cypherpunks "moderation" experiment in Jan 
Neither does wearing a yellow 'Star of David' on one's clothing.

@_date: 1997-01-07 16:46:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Moderation and the Polymorphic Virus 
Perhaps with proper moderation, having access to a cloistered
environment without all of the 'noise', cypherpunks will be able
to come up with a true polymorphic virus that will make the Atom
Bomb look like a child's toy.
  The rabble who rant on endlessly about 'social issues' can surely not be trusted to contribute anything of value on what
are, in fact, merely a question of 'numbers'.
  It is up the the elite, the code writers, to lead the cypher-
punks into a New World Order, in which the results of cryptography
are only used for proper, approved purposes.

@_date: 1997-01-07 16:46:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Bending Over 
I love your attitude, and I enjoy many of your posts.  I also love
able to laugh at you for getting sucked into the oldest trick in the
 In the ruins of Rome, you will find a Chariot Dealership which sold
Pontiac and Chevy Chariots. Once they had you on their sales lot, they would attempt to get you sucked into a mindset where your choices were
limited to choosing between 'their' chariots.
  Our political sytem is a grand 'play' in which the Democrats and the
Republicans 'contend' to see who gets to slip us the cold, hard one.
The bottom line, is that what is dripping out of your butt is either
a Democrat's sperm and a Republican's saliva, or vice-versa.
  Have I misjudged you?
  Could it possibly be that you can still hear the small whisper in the wind that warns you that it's all done with mirrors?
  "Believe nothing of what you hear, only half of what you see, and if
meet the Buddha on the road, kill him!"
   Bubba Rom Dos

@_date: 1997-01-07 21:31:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Information Warfare 
Sounds like we're going to need some strong legislation and
restrictive regulations to deal with this problem...
  Hey, am I goddamn psychic, or what?
  Moderation of the CypherPunks forum is a start. Let's just hope that
it doesn't stop there.

@_date: 1997-01-07 21:31:49
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Mein Kampf/Cypherpunks 
If you still have a copy of that, I would appreciate it if you could
forward a copy to me.
  (I just checked my paranoia level, and I'm a quart low.)

@_date: 1997-01-07 21:31:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: At the risk of getting flamed :) 
The CyberDweebs at plaidworks.com also seemed to take great offense
at my pointing out that what they called 'loopholes' in their system
was actually a conscious, calculated decision to leave their system
open to abuse so that every computer-illiterate Laker fan named Bubba could use his two-fingered typing skills to subscribe to
1,000 sports lists.
  Much of what you do goes unnoticed, due to the fact that many who make the same claims put you in their killfile.  It seems that they are only in favor of 'politically correct' technology, without any
social issues input or commentary.
  I've attended punk-rock concerts where some of the 'punks' complained
loudly and vociferously about the slam-dancers.
  "Hey, that guy 'bumped' me."
  "Somebody could get hurt."
  "Who do they think they are?"  ('Punks", perhaps?)
  Or deserve 'censorship'.

@_date: 1997-01-07 21:32:33
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Moderation=YES 
This is the second post you've received today that says,   "Touched you last...bye!"
  You certainly seem to bring out the 'child' in people.

@_date: 1997-01-07 21:32:43
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Moderation=YES 
If I had a dime for everyone who wants to make my life 'better' by
'protecting' me from 'bad people' (others, not 'them'), then I'd be
able to contribute to CypherPunks under the 'dollar a post' system
evisioned by the guy (I have escaped his name) willing to put a few
gallons of gas less in his Cadillac every week so that his viewpoint
won't have any competition from the masses.

@_date: 1997-01-07 21:34:24
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Moderation=YES 
I keep hearing about how moderation is essential to get rid of the
so that 'code writers' can have serious discussions.
 Am I to understand that I am expected to have some kind of esoteric
faith in 'code writers' cryptographic output, when they can't even
write a filter that meets their own requirements?
  Exactly. And I don't know how 'any' moderator is going to satisfy your
personal desires, and mine, and those of several thousand others.
  I don't know 'Sandy' from spit, and it doesn't really matter to me
whether he is God or the SpamMan.  He may be the most well-intentioned
person in the universe, but if he can psychically divine what
wants, I'll kiss your butt.
  Split lists won't lead to 'harmony', it will lead to 'fractation'.
Putting up a sign that says, "Flamers must sit in the back of the bus."
seems like a good idea.  The fact is, however, that it leads to a
society with a structured class system, and history has already told
us where it goes from there.
  Blacks have always had the option of 'going back to Africa, where they
came from'. (It's a 'free' country, isn't it?)

@_date: 1997-01-07 21:33:05
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: RSA and Cylink settle 
They're going to see if, together, they can screw everyone else.

@_date: 1997-01-07 21:33:22
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: To pay credit when it's due 
As was the suggestion to automatically authenticate any posting
containing the word 'cocksucker'.

@_date: 1997-01-07 22:30:03
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: About ICF(International Cryptography Framework) 
It's not an 'attempt', its a 'done deal'.
  The new 'laws' have pretty much already been written to control cryptography world-wide. The only thing left is for the Big Boys
to fight over control (and the spoils).
  I have a relative involved in this farce.  For as long as I have
known him, he has always tended to get a 'pained' expression on his
face every time words like 'freedom' or 'rights' get slipped into
a conversation.
  When you use the word 'censorship', does he counter-attack with the
word 'moderation'?

@_date: 1997-01-07 22:30:24
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Take a 'left' at the White House, and a 'right' at the House of

@_date: 1997-01-08 12:16:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Inflation-index bonds and private e-currency 
Is this anything similar to, say, calling certain posts by list
'spam', flooding the list with 'external' spam, and then using the
uproar to take care of perceived 'internal' problems?

@_date: 1997-01-08 12:18:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [STATS] Cypherpunks subscriptions on and off 
I applaud your interest in crypto, but I think you should keep in mind
that there are people around the world sitting in cement bunkers with
their hand on a key that can launch nuclear mayhem on perfect strangers,
for reasons that will remain unknown to those who set these dark forces
in motion.
  This is the end-result of commentary on the political/social
of a technology being ignored.

@_date: 1997-01-08 12:17:03
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IBM Key Recovery Propaganda on United Airlines 
Like the legitimate leader of a country, say, for instance...Hitler?
Or a legitimate law enforcement agency, say, for instance...the Gestapo?

@_date: 1997-01-08 13:11:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Keyserver Draft 
-------------------
     Coupon       |
     ------       |
 2 Brownie Points |
  (X-spendable)   |
         --------------------
  Good. I've got to get back to see which way the wind is 'blowing'.
(and 'who')

@_date: 1997-01-08 19:39:42
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IBM Key Recovery Propaganda on United Airlines 
Yes there can, and your example is one of them.
  But you can bet your ass that those who tout the Key Recovery horn
the loudest are going to be doing so because it gives them control
of 'all' information.
  At every stage of technology, we have seen the 'surprise' that follows as a result of people finding out that the security of their communications is compromised in one manner or another.
  People found out that management was prying into their 'private'
email.  Management found out that their system administrator and
the night-janitor were profiting from company secrets.
  Key Recovery will, in all likelihood, give people who watch IBM's
airline ads a 'higher level' sense of 'false security'.
  I am sure that their motto will be, "Key Recovery--Trust Us."
  To me, Key Recovery cryptography is like using a condom with a
hole in it. No thanks.

@_date: 1997-01-09 00:26:17
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: About ICF(International Cryptography Framework) 
A 'done deal' is where the Big Boys make all the decisions for the
rest of us, divide up the pie, and live happily ever after.
  (Unless, of course, somebody decides their piece of the pie isn't
big enough and they all start stabbing each other in the back.)
  Sure it does. We get to say "Yes." and "How wonderful" as the Big Boys
slip us the cold, hard one from behind.
 The problem is that, once you're done licking their boots, they want
to set your sights a little higher.

@_date: 1997-01-09 16:12:35
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A vote? of confidence for Sanderson. 
Why is everybody 'voting'?
  There 'is' no vote.
  There was an 'announement' of what 'will' be done.
  You may 'agree', or 'disagree', or 'comment'.
  But vote?
  I would hate to burst anyone's bubble, here, ( <--- A LIE! ), but I
get enough illusory 'choices' in the 'real' world to fulfill my need
for self-deception.   I choose between the Republican Hitler and the Democratic Hitler.
I choose between driving the 'red' piece-of-junk and the 'blue' piece-
of-junk. I choose between the white sand in the Vaseline or the black
sand in the Vaseline.
  If you feel the need for some illusory sense of control over what has
already been decided, then, by all means, forward your votes to

@_date: 1997-01-09 21:40:36
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: SSL Insecurity 
This isn't an exact pointer, but there are some articles on it at
the following site.  You may have to do a little digging.

@_date: 1997-01-09 20:51:12
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Key Escrow Good, GAK Bad 
Key escrow is an easy-fix for securing company communications, and I
am sure that it has its place in a situation such as yours, where you
have to baby-sit people who want the full benefits of a technology
that is beyond them.
  The problem, of course, is that, as TV has shown us for years, the
'lowest common denominator' becomes the rule. People will use key escrow for things that should actually have uncomprimisable security,
and they will scream bloody murder when it is compromised.
  It wasn't that long ago when I was talking to the CEO of a company
on a plane to Nantucket, and he was boasting about how he encrypted
his files with Pkzip to thwart would-be intruders.
  I decrypted one of his files for him on the trip between the mainland
and Nantucket (you go up, you go down, you're there). He was astounded.
He had told me that his kid was a hacker, so I told him to ask his kid
if he could access his 'protected' files.
  I forgot about the incident, but a few weeks later the guy tracked
me down in Tucson (I had told him the name of my company), and told
me that it took his kid less than a week of scouting around the local
BBS's to find a program to crack Poppa's 'high-security' files.
  Key Escrow, I suppose, is like most other things--a trade-off.
  BTW, I occasionally 'write down' a reference to my passwords, as a 'reminder'.
  e.g. - Password / Zappa Concert--1980
         (this reminds me of the password I used, which was
           38-24-37RedHead)
      (sorry, no pictures)

@_date: 1997-01-09 21:48:33
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IBM Key Recovery Propaganda on United Airlines 
His (or her) name is Black Unicorn.
  Do you have a reading problem?

@_date: 1997-01-10 00:17:21
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Humor from the UDCM help file 
I got the same advice from my legal counsel (for a quart of Budwiser
and a pack of Camel straights).

@_date: 1997-01-10 00:19:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IMPORTANT: Additional information about UDCM. 
The 'flames' used as examples seemed to me to be nothing more than
valid questions regarding the DataETR's claims for their software.
(Big Hint / Questions from conferences with the word 'punks' in the
name are not likely to be accompanied by bowing gestures and
exclaimations of amazement at unsubstantiated claims).
  Keep in mind that many CypherPunks dream in numbers.

@_date: 1997-01-10 12:47:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IBM Key Recovery Propaganda on United Airlines 
God, I love good cryptoanalysis.
  I ran my 'JewFinder' program on their posts and found out that Plucky
Green's keystrokes have pork residue on them, while Black Unicorn's
do not.
  'HomoPhobeII' reported that both are wearing pants with sperm stains
of other people on them, but Black Unicorn bought his pants at the
Sally Ann Thrift Store, so it classifies him only as a 'possible'
   'ColorBooKKK' reported that 'Black' Unicorn's lack of Ebonics in
his postings means he probably just a Nigger-Lover, and not actually eligible for a special education grant.  It suggests that Plucky
Green is either Irish, or needs to quit 'plucking' it, so that it
won't turn green.    A check of plaidworks.com reveals that both Black Unicorn and
Plucky Green are both subscribed to all 1,000 of their sports lists,
as of noon today.
 (However, since I found out that myself and all the CypherPunks
were subscribed at the same time, this may not have much meaning).
  My own careful study of the printouts of their postings reveals
that both printouts are in black ink.
  I will give this glaringly obvious similarity close scrutiny,
and report back with my conclusions.

@_date: 1997-01-10 17:35:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IMPORTANT: Additional information about UDCM. 
I suppose that after moderation begins, we will miss DataETRetch's
next big update, since they will take your suggestion to heart
and title their next posting, "Make Big Cryto$$$".

@_date: 1997-01-11 00:30:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Einstein's Dreams 
As the city melts through fog and the night,
   one sees a strange sight. Here an old bridge is
   half-finished. There, a house has been removed
   from its foundations.  Here, a street veers east
   for no obvious reason.
   ...This is a world of changed plans, of sudden
   opportunities, of unexpected visions. For in    this world, time flows not evenly but fitfully
   and, as consequence, people receive fitful
   glimpses of the future.
       -excerpt from "Einstein's Dreams"
            by Alan Lightman
   In 1989, Bill Gates was just another player in the wonderful world of computers. Phil Zimmerman was a wanna-be cryptographer.
And CypherPunks were merely a fitful glimpse of the future.
  In 1989 a document began quietly circulating in certain computer
circles--a document which whispered of fitful glimpses of the
future. The future of Bill Gates; the future of Phil Zimmerman;
the future of the CypherPunks.
  The document has, over the years, submerged for a time, and then
surfaced in different places. Whenever and wherever it surfaces,
strange things happen. Strange things for which there is always
a perfectly 'normal' explaination. Strange things which one sees
as normal unless, by chance, they should happen to notice that
somehow, in some subtle way, the flow of time has changed.
  A few weeks ago, a single copy of this document surfaced in the
possession of one of the Cypherpunks and, shortly thereafter, Dr. DV K was officially unSCUMscribed from this list.
  Less than two weeks ago, a copy of this document was acquired
by a second member of the CypherPunks and, shortly thereafter,
it was announced that the list will now be 'moderated'.
  Coincidence? It is a 'coincidence' that I have seen, time and again, in connection with this manuscript.
  You may think that this missive is a lark, or some kind of scam,
or for the feeble-minded.  I don't ask that you take what I say
seriously, only that you remember that the Tao doesn't shout,
it whispers.
  I have included, below, a warning that has circulated in regard
to the document which has preceded it in its undergroud passage
since the date of its inception, in 1989.
  Anyone who, after reading the warning, wishes to receive the
document can notify me via private email, and I will see to it
that you receive a copy.
WARNING! "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" Is A Very Dangerous Document
  It is reputed among many of the top minds in the Computer Industry to be a very real, and revealing, documentary of some of the horrors of the Industry which are sometimes rumored, but seldom exposed.  But be warned-they say it in private, not in public.
  Though management at the major Corporations in the Industry brush aside the document as the mad ramblings of an unstable, failed business executive, the fact remains that there are more and more people coming forward who claim to have suffered demotions or loss of employment after deliberately or inadvertently revealing their support of the document's claims and it's authenticity.
  If you choose to read this manuscript, do not speak of it in casual
conversation at your place of employment, or around strangers in any business or social environment.  Though it is almost impossible to document cases of reprisal of this nature, the increasing numbers of ex-employees of major Corporations in the Computer Industry making these claims, and the devastating consequences they allege to their professional and private lives, make it wise to be discreet in expressing any opinion, or even knowledge, of this document.
  If you choose to share this document with others, it would be wise to do so discreetly, even anonymously, should you be unsure of the reliability and discretion of whomever you choose to share this knowledge with.
  Though I personally lean toward viewing the manuscript as authentic, my exhaustive research into it's origin has always come to a dead-end, even among the principals involved.
  C.J. Parker, former President of Pearl Harbor Computers, Inc., denied
emphatically, in a face-to-face encounter, having anything whatsoever to do with the document.  When I pressed him with questions regarding the hasty demise of his business and the unraveling of his personal life after the public circulation of "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" began, he became very agitated and distraught, bordering on violence, and the interview was abruptly terminated.
  Dr. William M. Denney, one of the few principals in the manuscript referred to directly, was reluctant to be interviewed, but eventually made a few comments which I found to be very revealing.  Dr. Denney, Vice-President of Basis, Inc. in Emmeryville, Ca., consistently rated as one of the top ten Unix Open Systems vendors in the world, said, "I deny any knowledge of or participation, in any way whatsoever, with anything connected to 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre', and it would be wise for others to do the same."
  I find this statement to be very cryptic and, at the same time, very revealing; very much in line with what would expect from one associated with the alleged underground computer society described in the manuscript.
  As for Mr. Torry Basford, a former employee of Bell Labs who was Mr. Parker's first mentor in the world of Unix and is rumored to be laboring in obscurity in a small community college somewhere in the southwestern U.S., Mr. Parker would only say, "The man has suffered enough, please leave him alone."
 Regardless of the origins or authenticity of the document, it is considered by many to be extremely unsettling, perhaps even dangerous, and one might be better served to avoid reading the manuscript, if for no other reason than simple peace of mind.

@_date: 1997-01-11 01:39:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
I totally agree with you.
 I sometimes drop a private email to someone, commenting on how much I
enjoyed one of their posts, or complimenting them on presenting what
they had to say clearly and concisely enough that even a numbskull
such as myself could understand it.  Often, after sending it, I will
realize it is the same guy I lambasted a few days earlier for being
such a shithole-idiot-dweeb in one of his postings.
 Personally, I find it amazing that it seems to be those who are most
enamored of themselves as the serious, cypto-elite of the list who are the least cognizant of how silly they appear (to me) in begging
for some mother-hen/higher-authority to make the 'bad kids' sit still
in their seats.
 I find it absolutely astounding, as well, that I am sitting here watching the same process take place on this list that everyone
here seems to be so terribly fired-up about when it happens in
the world outside of this list. (Some 'outsider' tweaks the nose of
our ambassador and, suddenly, we are firing on the citizens in order
to defend our flag.)
 Dale, as you point out, didn't 'sneak under the fence' in the middle
of the night. He is a member of this list who has contributed more than a few posts that I have saved or printed out (and filed beside
those of some who are already building a scaffold for him in their
 I am disgusted by some of the behavior and self-righteous missives
of some of the people who lay claim to be of superior stature to Dale in this conference, but who act either like children, or like
a pack of rabid dogs in expressing their profound belief that they are somehow aligned with the force of 'righteousness' that will slay the 'evil' ones on this list.
  (Your days are numbered/You're history, pal/etc.)
 I was particularly dismayed at seeing Ray Archelian, whom I have
developed a certain amount of respect for, stooping to 'jack off'
in Dale's face, so to speak.
  Lastly, I find it totally ludicrous that people who purport to be
beings of 'reason' are babbling on and on about 'votes' of confidence,
etc., on a matter that was determined and announced without asking for any kind of approval on their part, and laying out complicated
'systems' and 'future scenarios' for placing all of the missives in
restricted, cypher-politically correct boxes.
  To tell the truth, given all of the 'shifted-reality' postings since the 'announcement', if I see a question on the list as to
whether or not a posting is acceptable if it says, "John Gilmore
is a cocksucker." in 'binary'...
   Well, I would be hard pressed to figure out if it was meant as humor or as a serious question.

@_date: 1997-01-11 02:40:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Igor / Hero or Villain? 
Some days I print your postings and file them away for future reference. Other days, I want to cyber-shoot your sorry ass.
 Either way, I regard you as a valuable member of CypherPunks
for the reason that you're not about to lay down on the tracks
and let the train run over you, just because of a 'purported'
goal of protecting you from the 'bad' people.
 History has taught us that when the witch-hunt starts, everyone
with a broom is suspect.

@_date: 1997-01-11 02:38:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Secret Agenda? 
The points you raise below are valid ones, as opposed to some of the
perceived 'parting shots' by those 'voting' for moderation in anticipation of the Iron Boot descending (on 'others', of course).
 I find it interesting that you keep refering to 'not understanding'
some of the purported reasons behind the proposed system. I am
finding myself getting the feeling that there is some underlying
future purpose or direction behind the 'changes' that is not being
fully revealed.
 Perhaps my sense of smell is declining in my old-age, but I'm getting
an odor that doesn't match with the dinner menu that has been ways of moderating the list?  Please.

@_date: 1997-01-11 02:39:05
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: nice work 
Damn straight!
  The Reply button can be a dangerous instrument in the right hands.

@_date: 1997-01-11 18:22:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IMDMP 8192 PKCS and IMDMP Summary 
Future versions of my replies will contain $100 bills...
  You have to realize that in posting to this list, you are subjecting your software to review by people who are capable of performing strange
sex-acts with algorithms.
  The good news is--if you can 'sell' it here, you can sell it anywhere.

@_date: 1997-01-11 19:20:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IMDMP 8192 PKCS and IMDMP Summary 
Good nose, Igor.
  These guys sent their 'grand announcement' of their encryption
software to
this list, and then sat back and waited for the !!!**APPLAUSE**!!! to
rolling in.
  Then the poor little boys seem to have gotten their feelings hurt by the potential 'consumers' of their product (pun intentional), asking
serious questions about their product.
  Apparently, "Excuse me, sir, but does your product 'work'?", is a
  Without an objective critique of their product, I would suggest that
they their best chance for success lies in the "Make $$$Money$$$ Fast'
forums--not the CypherPunks list.
  On the other hand, if they make it in the cryptography market, then maybe my dream of being an amateur brain surgeon is alive and well.

@_date: 1997-01-11 19:18:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A vote of confidence for Sandy 
As a person with Tourette Syndrome, I find this to be discriminatory
against me.
  As a hockey player, I find it double-discriminatory.
  As a dirty-mouthed scumbag, I find it triple-discriminatory.

@_date: 1997-01-11 19:47:56
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IMDMP 8192 PKCS and IMDMP Summary 
Have they hired Sandy to moderate 'their' incoming email, too?
  It seems like moderating CypherPunk responses is becoming a cottage

@_date: 1997-01-12 00:30:28
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IMDMP 8192 PKCS and IMDMP Summary 
Hey! Have you been hacking into my system?
  That's proprietary information, pal. I have copyrighted the 1 bit key
and will sue if you try to muscle in on my action here.
  I just hope that I can get my company off the ground. I'm a little short of funds since DataETRetch fired me as their PR Manager.

@_date: 1997-01-12 10:20:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: decryption 
Now, the list is receiving encrypted CipherSpam.  I'm getting brainlock, here.
  Is this development:
  1. Good? (CypherPunks is forcing even Spammers to use crypto?)
  2. Bad? (Spammers think CypherPunks are so dumb they will 'work'
           for their spam?)
  3. Ambivalent? (It doesn't really matter, because my brain has
                  turned to spam?)

@_date: 1997-01-13 21:37:36
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: It's a great new year!  telemarketers and solicitors 
It's called 'whoring' (for money, i.e. prostitution).
  In case you haven't noticed, the InterNet is the new 'Gold Rush'.
Every hustler and kook from here (wherever 'this' is) to Butt Fuck,
Montana, is jumping on the 'Information Highway' to get their piece
of the action.
  The whores don't just include the "Make $$$Money$$$ Fast" spammers.
The Big Boys with the Big Toys want to make sure that our personal
information and Web History is available for them to try to squeeze
every possible penny out of our pockets.
  With the 'wonder of modern technology' at their fingertips, however,
the 'common man/woman' can also avail themselves of the plethora of
information lying within reach of their sticky little fingers.
  Big Brother wants to know everything about everybody, and if the
average user gets tired of Little Brother getting ahold of the information, then I am sure that Big Brother will come to our
rescue, passing laws and instituting regualtions that 'save' us
by ensuring that only Big Brother knows all.

@_date: 1997-01-13 23:50:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Checking debit 
From view of my own past experience, this seems to be much easier than
lugging all that acetylyne equipment into the bank in the middle of the
  Sounds to me like the people using this scheme need to get ahold of
fuck and get a mailing list of the gullible folks who
ran the executable that he made available to the CypherPunks.
  Perhaps they could combine their projects. First you get the mark's
banking info, then you crash his hard drive to keep him busy while
you drain his account.

@_date: 1997-01-13 23:52:38
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Cell-phone encryption is 'essential' for 'important' people.
  However, it is 'dangerous' in the hands of the 'citizens' (translate
to mean 'schmucks').
  The government doesn't object to crack-dealers having cryptography
capabilities, they just want to make sure that those crack-dealers
work for the CIA (freelancers need not apply).

@_date: 1997-01-14 00:15:10
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: New US regs ban downloadable data-security software 
I can't believe that there's no one taking advantage of this to make a
'shareware' version of their software available, and having available, for export and sale, an 'enabler' to bring it to full functionality.
  I know that this was done in the past, by several small companies in
southern California, but perhaps on a larger issue, such as this, the
Feds would slam the door quickly on what they would surely regard as
a 'loophole'.

@_date: 1997-01-14 05:16:16
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: You can now subscr. to the moderated/unmoderated/flames lists 
Will you be making a "Last Chance To Call Me A Cocksucker"
announcement? (:>)

@_date: 1997-01-14 07:31:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Am I to blame? / "THE INTERNET GOLDRUSH" 
A few weeks ago I made several references to the InterNet
being the 'new Gold Rush'. Now, I came across this on an anti-spam list.    I hope that this is just a coincidence. I would hate to think
that I have personally instituted a new Battle Cry for the
Spammer/Enterprenurs. (I would also hate to gain the title of the
Benedict Arnold of the InterNet.)

@_date: 1997-01-14 18:44:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Exporting Virus Software 
Regulation for the purpose of knowing 'everything'.
  The original purpose of the InterNet was for the DOD to be able to eavesdrop on and monitor the movement and communications of scientists,
educators, and other hi-level movers and shakers in the world of the
  When some of those using the InterNet refused to place their 'trust'
in the DOD's benevolence in making this technology available, choosing
to use it only for low-level communications, the DOD began exhorting
the wonders of 'data encryption', as a way to ensure InterNet users
of the privacy and security of their hi-level communications.
  With 'encryption', even the 'doubters' felt secure in the knowledge
that they could now communicate anything, at any level, and know that
their communications were 'safe' from unwanted disclosure.
  Then came a 'fly in the ointment'.
  A little shit-hole punk, non-DOD-non-NSA-schill named Phil Zimmerman
came out with an encrytpion program that the DOD did 'not' already have
the capability to read--one that they could 'not' break.
  All of a sudden, export of cryptography became a grand issue.  Why?
  ?Encryption software was already existent outside of the U.S.
  ?Encryption software was already being exported from the U.S.
  ?Encryption software was already available to all of those labeled
    by the U.S. government as 'enemies' who should be 'denied' use
    of this software.
  So why was Phil Zimmerman's 'backyard' encrytion program such a
threat to the powers-that-be?  Because they didn't already have the key to read it, and they couldn't break it--it wasn't an Enigma.
  It was the Inaugural Enigma.
  And export regulations for Virus protection programs?
  What reason can 'you' think of for the U.S. government not wanting
others to have 'full' protection from computer virus'?
  'Whose' virus is the U.S. goverment concerned about others having
protection from?
  Now that Phil Zimmerman has his legal problems 'sorted out', I
hope that he doesn't decide to write a virus protection program.
  It might 'work'.

@_date: 1997-01-14 22:22:13
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: New US regs ban downloadable data-security software 
With a paranoid mind-set such as you seem to be displaying, the next thing I expect is for you to be rambling on about some ludicrous scenario involving the CIA being involved in distributing
cocaine in ghetto areas.

@_date: 1997-01-14 22:22:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: s/n problems on this list 
'Your' noise, or 'mine'?
  Here's one.
  How about only accepting auto-generate postings from machines
programmed only to post officially 'acceptable' postings?
  This would get rid of the dastardly 'human element' and insure
that there would be no off-topic postings.
  Then we can go directly to the postings that talk about "Gilligan's
Island" and "Married With Children".
  Are you getting better drugs than I am?
  For every solution, there is a problem.
  Including yourself?
  I think your ideas are a bottleneck.

@_date: 1997-01-14 22:22:51
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: You can now subscr. to the moderated/unmoderated/flames  lists 
I guess that the money I spent for my lobotomy was just wasted.

@_date: 1997-01-14 23:37:43
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: The Internet Consumer -- 1996 in Review & Predictions for 1997 
As in "Make $$$Money$$$ fast?
  Does putting on a suit and writing 'executive-oriented' postings in a
pompous, pretentious manner raise this type of posting above the level
of ordinary UCE/Spam?
  I don't think so.
  Does moderation mean that UCE postings that promise 'champagne and
caviar' are acceptable, while 'crackers and cheese' post-conference
promises are 'spam'?
  Will 'Subject: Consumer Platform / Make $$$Money Fast' be an 'acceptable' heading, whereas 'Subject: Make $$$Money Fast / Consumer
Platform' is 'not acceptable'?
"Moderate suits, not jeans."
(I've got some fine suits, thank you very much. I wear them at weddings,
funerals, and whenever I want to 'screw' somebody.)

@_date: 1997-01-14 23:37:58
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
Undoubtedly, they will be in much deeper shit than the criminal who
broke the laws he was sworn to uphold.
  Power Rules! (Is this redundant?)

@_date: 1997-01-14 23:38:12
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
It is reasurring to know that 'reason' and 'paranoia' can peacefully
co-exist in the mind. Most people seem to veiw it as an either/or
"They are refusing to conspire against me, in order to make my paranoia look irrational."

@_date: 1997-01-15 00:33:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Am I to blame? / "THE INTERNET GOLDRUSH" 
An interesting observation.
  The original Gold Rush involved the thronging masses stepping on each
other's toes, shooting each other in the back, etc., and the end result
was that a few 'lucky' ones got filthy rich, while the people behind
the scenes, encouraging this activity, 'all' got filthy rich.
  If I had a mansion on the hill, with a high wall surrounding it and
a guard on the gate, I would be much more inclined to encourage the
masses to seek their fortune at my doorstep, and shop at my general
store across the street.

@_date: 1997-01-15 01:02:36
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Airport security [no such thing] 
If your friends or family are a little late catching the same plane as
yourself, then just answer, "No, my son packed them."
  This, on the average, gives your companions an extra 10-15 minutes
to catch the plane, since regulations require them to do a complete
check of your baggage (and they are 'supposed' to take them to a secure area to do so).
  Since you are ready to board the plane they cannot legally detain
you and let the plane go on, in order to process you and your baggage according to proper regulatory procedure. They must,
instead, detain the plane.
  They may jump up and down and tell you this is not so, but I have
never missed a plane, and neither have most of my tardy companions.

@_date: 1997-01-15 17:01:41
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Erols again... 
It has finally happened--the machines have taken over.
  Now, the machines will lie on the beach in Hawaii while the humans
do all of the mindless grunt-work.

@_date: 1997-01-15 17:01:51
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Airport security [no such thing] 
If you still have the original of this message, could you forward a
to me, as I would like to check the original headers on it.
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-15 17:04:09
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Newt's phone calls 
The fact is that the transmission 'was' encrypted. While this fact
being 'reported', it is causing no small amount of consternation in certain circles in Washington.

@_date: 1997-01-15 17:02:11
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Seen Your Post! 
I seen your post, and I been wondering if what you might like to
my bidness-literasy list.
  I am hopeing that you are gulible enuogh to send money to strangrs who
can't spel.
  Excuse me if I hafe miscombubulated my browser and sent this to you
on purpose.
p.s. - this is not of-topic for cyferpuncs because iliterasy is a form
of cyptgrafology

@_date: 1997-01-15 22:03:26
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: DCSB: The Internet Consumer -- 1996 in Review & Predictions for 	 1997 
Why do people feel compelled to 'explain' how they 'chanced'
to read items in their 'killfile'? It always seems to me to be
for the purpose of insulting someone while keeping egg off of
their own face.
  I didn't consider it particularly off-topic, myself. I was jes'
  And it looks like I 'caught' one.

@_date: 1997-01-17 00:12:42
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: FC: Loving v. University of Oklahoma, from The Netly News Network 
I would advise all cryptographers and cryptanalysts to immediately remove any brooms they own from their homes.
  Especially those living in Salem.

@_date: 1997-01-17 00:12:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: ARKANSAS BANS PHONE SCRAMBLERS 
I wonder if, when Radio Shack is forced to go 'underground', their
employees, while standing beside the crack dealers on the street corner, will develop their own language, 'Shackonics'.

@_date: 1997-01-17 00:13:05
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Privacy Issue (ANI in SF Bay Area) 
Why do I get the feeling that they will soon be offering a new
feature (for a 'slight surcharge') that will block this feature,
as well?

@_date: 1997-01-17 00:13:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Returned cypher-mail:  Host unknown (Name server: softcell: host not found) 
Does this mean that even the listserver is getting tired of spam?

@_date: 1997-01-17 00:13:24
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Virus 
Do you think that this quote should be forwarded to the White House,
or do you think they might have trouble with the concept?

@_date: 1997-01-18 12:58:47
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Enough is Never Enough -- pro-CDA alliances, from TNNN 
>  >       Donna Rice-Hughes from Enough is Enough says: "It discusses
 >  >   primary areas of our concern: letting the court know the
problems on
 >  >   the Internet. Adult pornography, indecency, and child porn as
 >  Now it's porn, tomorrow it's you saying what
 > you beleive (that might also be the truth...)
 > If one is offended by something, don't look! How come Catholicism
doesn't get
 > banned and outlawed? Hell, it offends me...
   I'm afraid that you are in the minority in your beliefs, at least
 here on the CypherPunks list.
   Most CypherPunks believe that we need a higher authority to protect
 us from things that we don't want to see.  Most CypherPunks see that
 Beneviolent Moderation is a good thing, as was made plain from the
 discussions on the list in this regard, so I assume that they would
 not be so hypocritical as to oppose the attempts of others to bring
 the blessing of Beneviolent Moderation to everyone on the InterNet.
   I expect the majority of CypherPunks will be more than willing to
 throw their support behind efforts to remove pornography from the
 whole InterNet, just as they were eager to remove posts containing
 'bad words' from this list.
   Of course, you must realize that I don't pretend to speak for
 all CypherPunks subscribers--only for the upright, decent ones,
 who, like Donna Rice-Hughes, want to live in a safe, filtered
 world, free from the intrusion of wrong-thinkers.
  Some of the CypherPunk subscribers seem to favor taking personal
responsibility for what they chose to read or not read, but they
are just a small, troublesome minority on the list.
  Donna Rice-Hughes and her crowd are merely late-comers on the
moderation scene, trying to emulate the 'good' CypherPunks who
finally stood up and said, "Enough is enough."
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-18 16:25:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cheap CyberShots 
In the interests of upgrading the quality of cheap shots in CyberSpace, I thought I would pass along the following as an
example of how to 'finesse' a cheap shot.

@_date: 1997-01-18 16:26:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Get me off this fucking list, or else.... (fwd) 
> c) The mail you're sending doesn't have your correct headers on it
 >         (e.g. looks like it's from res instead of
 >         res in which case you may need human help,
   Also if you change your username or alias in your emailer,
  e.g. CoolGuy  ---> DumbFucker
  (Hey! I just 'spammed' myself!)
 then majordomos seem to sometimes have trouble properly unsubscribing
 you.
 I believe that, in theory, they are supposed to be able to do so, as
 long
 as your actual mailing address stays the same, but I have found this
 not always to be the case.
   And if you have changed email accounts since subscribing, then only
 the Kenny Houston Psychic Majordomo can properly unsubscribe you.
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-18 16:26:09
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Gilmore and Sandfart suck big dicks 
I thought it was 'brute-force attack on Maxipads'.

@_date: 1997-01-18 16:26:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT 
I think that 'fear' has already started eating away at
people's brains. I have found I am getting more crypto-
related 'private' email from people who seem to be afraid
of being 'seen' talking to me.
  In terms of 'seeing what you want to see', I have the perfect solution for those who actively seek to do just
  Set your email filter so that you only read your own
posts. That way, your world-view will be filled only with
smart, witty, intelligent posts.
  As for 'moderation', I consider it to have started with
the forced removal of Dr. DV K from the list, although,
of course, others are free to 'wrongly' disagree with me
on this.

@_date: 1997-01-18 16:26:11
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
I made a few 'improvements' in your script, so that the people who
need it most will feel more comfortable with it.
 Subject: unscrivibe
 unbriscrive me from that list I joined that sounded cool, dude
 are you listning, this time, you moroon?
 how did you ever get to be a major, when you caint even get
me off this damn list?
 are you stoopid? can you even 'spel' stoopid?
 i bet you don't even know where the  key, is, do you?
(you didn't answer me when I asked you, is it a secret?)
 so get me off this dam list or I will be forced to use capitols, next time.

@_date: 1997-01-18 18:20:47
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Sandy and the Doc 
This is not intended as a flame, but I think one of us is
crazy here (and I'm getting weekend passes from the 'home',
so it can't be me).
 I am finding it hard to understand how the same people who
seemed dedicated to silencing Dr. DV K on this list can
then turn around and 'correct' him, or 'add to' his comments,
or 'one-up' him in the insult department.
 It certainly lends fuel to his claim that moderation will
be merely a one-way censorship process, as did the plethora
of comments (from 'purported' adults), as the espoused date
of the beginning of moderation drew near, whereupon various
missives were launched by the 'righteous', taking 'parting
shots' at those whom they assumed would be relegated to
the CypherPunks Flame Camps.
 I have no quarrel with whatever is done in regard to this
list, since it is essentially a private list, but I am
rather mystified at the seemingly self-delusional aspects
of instituting this nebulous moderation process.

@_date: 1997-01-19 03:14:25
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and the Doc 
My post did not say it was, and did not suggest that you insulted Dr. DV K in your post.
  If being forcefully unsubscribed 'does not count' as an
attempt to silence someone, then I suppose that neither does
shipping them to a labor camp in Siberia.
  If you are going to define the words you are using, then
perhaps you should define them a little more specifically
and back them up with specifics, rather than use them as
out-of-context, vague declarations.
  Black's Law Dictionary defines 'prejudice' as: A forejudgment;
A leaning towards one side of a cause for some reason other
than a conviction of its justice.
  My post did not make a judgement as to the integrity of
your (or anyone's) future moderation of this list, but expressed concern in relation to the attitudes toward moderation, based on the postings that have already taken place on this list.
  (You're toast, punk. / Your end is drawing near, asshole. etc., etc., etc.)
  Until I see some indication, other than vague assurances,
that there is, in fact, some established rational behind the way the moderation process will be implemented, my concerns will remain.
  As far as figuring out, to everyone's satisfaction, just
what constitues a 'flame', good luck, since everyone seems
to have a different definition.
  Vague, unsubstatiated claims of someone's 'prejudice' might be
considered by some to be a flame, or simply regarded as 'misjudgement' by others.    Personally, I have no problem with someone telling me "You're full of shit.", rather than, "Sir, I believe you are in error."  Others, having played less hockey, might have gentler sensibilities.
  DataETRetch seemed to feel terribly put-upon and personally
attacked by various CypherPunks being so brazenly outspoken as
to simply ask for some basis of verification for the outlandish
claims they were making for their software.  Their representative
openly accused the CypherPunks of 'flaming' him for raising valid
concerns about the technical nature of their software.
  There certainly seem to be more than a few people who have
faith in your capacity to be a decent moderator, and I see
no great reason to disagree with them, but it bothers me
that you would take my statement of my concerns, and my
reasons behind them, to be a personally biased pre-judgement
of your integrity.
  I find it bothersome that some of the self-proclaimed
'upstanding' members of the CypherPunks list have responded
to my attacks on their 'logic' with 'personal' attacks on,
and insults toward, myself.  At the same time, I would rather
hear what they have to say, and be able to make my own personal
judgement as to whether the problem is mine, or theirs, than
to be 'protected' from them.
  I hope that your efforts towards decreasing the list's level
of blatantly offensive crapola will not lead towards reducing
the CypherPunks' tendencies to be outspokenly strong in their
  Cryptography is going to be an increasingly important issue
in all areas of life in our electronically-global future, and
without serious discussion of the issues that go hand-in-hand
with its development, then the 'numbers' and the technology
behind them have little real meaning.

@_date: 1997-01-19 23:30:13
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dr Vulis's crypto experiment (Re: IMDMP: SOURCE CODE RELEASE ANNOUNCEMENT) 
Your post gives food for thought...much more so than the one in which I proposed my "No, he's just an asshole." theory.
  BTW, the results of my poll regarding this theory were:
"Is Too"  --  4%
"Is Not"  --  3%
"Hey, leave me out of this--'they' may be watching!"  --  9%
"Make Big $$Money$$ Licking Your Own Dick!!!"         -- 74%
"Unscribirbe"  --  10%

@_date: 1997-01-20 02:36:20
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and the Doc 
Are there any critereon established, yet, as to what type of content
will be necessary for a letter to get 'lost'?

@_date: 1997-01-20 08:11:37
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and the Doc 
Are there any critereon established, yet, as to what type of content
will be necessary for a letter to get 'lost'?

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:09:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: GSM technology 
SaskTel also offers this type of access, at around the same price.
  As long as they had a monopoly on the citizens of the province,
they gouged people in the boondocks $ 6.00/hr for basic access to
the InterNet.
  Now that they have competition, and need to have competitive rates to
stay in business, they are acting like they are the consumer's best
friend, instead of rip-off shitheads.

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:56:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: GSM technology 
SaskTel also offers this type of access, at around the same price.
  As long as they had a monopoly on the citizens of the province,
they gouged people in the boondocks $ 6.00/hr for basic access to
the InterNet.
  Now that they have competition, and need to have competitive rates to
stay in business, they are acting like they are the consumer's best
friend, instead of rip-off shitheads.

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:09:46
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and the Doc 
It sounds like you're laying the groundwork for debunking CypherPunk
conspiracy myths before they even appear.
  Not that I'm the paranoid type (but I 'would' be interested in knowing
exacly where you 'claim' you were when J.F.K. was shot).

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:55:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy and the Doc 
It sounds like you're laying the groundwork for debunking CypherPunk
conspiracy myths before they even appear.
  Not that I'm the paranoid type (but I 'would' be interested in knowing
exacly where you 'claim' you were when J.F.K. was shot).

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:11:41
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Take it to sci.math 
I agree. Let's stick to discussions of crack-crypto Ebonics,
and child-crypto PigLatin.

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:55:35
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Take it to sci.math 
I agree. Let's stick to discussions of crack-crypto Ebonics,
and child-crypto PigLatin.

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:10:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: UNS_top 
Do you have any pointers to information in regard to this, or are you
just being a goddamn tease?

@_date: 1997-01-20 16:57:24
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: UNS_top 
Do you have any pointers to information in regard to this, or are you
just being a goddamn tease?

@_date: 1997-01-20 18:33:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
If what you say is true, then Dr. DV K's efforts are quite possibly the most important issue being addressed in this conference, because
behind free speech, lies the most important issue of all--when does
it start, and when does it stop.
  Cryptography, above all, enables the ability of a group or an
to keep their communications secret, safe from prying eyes.
  The military-industrial complex proclaims this necessary for the
purposes of state-security, and denies that it is used in order to keep their 'sins' from being exposed. (If you believe this, then please contact me by private email regarding an ocean-front property I have
available in Tucson, AZ.  If you act quickly, I will throw in a set
of the Amazing Ginzu Knives as an added bonus.)
   The crypto-cognizant citizen proclaims cryptographical ability as
a means of empowering their rights of free speech.  The more intelligent
of them recognize as misinformation the government's feeble claims that
they cannot successfully investigate someone moving tons of illegal
drugs into the country unless they have the capacity to eavesdrop on
the private correspondences of 'all' of their citizens. (Which is the
equivalent, in my mind, of claiming that AIDS cannot be held in check
without knowing the details of all of the citizens sex-lives.)
  In short, I believe that if the issue of free speech is not one of
the central issues on the CypherPunks list, then the list is merely
one more heartless, unfeeling extension of the Great Machine which
is grinding inexorably forward toward the day when we will all have
its numbers tattoo'd on our forearms.
  As far as I am concerned, any CypherPunk who believes that the
socio/politico issues surrounding cryptography are not important
enough to be an integral part of this list is falling into the
same type of trap as those who think that they can become good
cryptographers without becoming good cryptanalysts.  Those who
seek to become merely cryptographers seem to think that 'numbers
rule'--those who seek to be able to analyze the end-result of those 'numbers' realize that the minds, hearts and souls 'behind'
those numbers tell the story of how people think and feel, and
the motivations behind their cryptographical intent. (And also
reveals where their vulnerabilities lie.)
  Thinking that cryptography is about 'numbers' is akin to thinking
that equality is about 'skin-color'.
  "In times of war, a peacelike man sets upon others."
       Bubba Rom Dos

@_date: 1997-01-20 20:10:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
If what you say is true, then Dr. DV K's efforts are quite possibly the most important issue being addressed in this conference, because
behind free speech, lies the most important issue of all--when does
it start, and when does it stop.
  Cryptography, above all, enables the ability of a group or an
to keep their communications secret, safe from prying eyes.
  The military-industrial complex proclaims this necessary for the
purposes of state-security, and denies that it is used in order to keep their 'sins' from being exposed. (If you believe this, then please contact me by private email regarding an ocean-front property I have
available in Tucson, AZ.  If you act quickly, I will throw in a set
of the Amazing Ginzu Knives as an added bonus.)
   The crypto-cognizant citizen proclaims cryptographical ability as
a means of empowering their rights of free speech.  The more intelligent
of them recognize as misinformation the government's feeble claims that
they cannot successfully investigate someone moving tons of illegal
drugs into the country unless they have the capacity to eavesdrop on
the private correspondences of 'all' of their citizens. (Which is the
equivalent, in my mind, of claiming that AIDS cannot be held in check
without knowing the details of all of the citizens sex-lives.)
  In short, I believe that if the issue of free speech is not one of
the central issues on the CypherPunks list, then the list is merely
one more heartless, unfeeling extension of the Great Machine which
is grinding inexorably forward toward the day when we will all have
its numbers tattoo'd on our forearms.
  As far as I am concerned, any CypherPunk who believes that the
socio/politico issues surrounding cryptography are not important
enough to be an integral part of this list is falling into the
same type of trap as those who think that they can become good
cryptographers without becoming good cryptanalysts.  Those who
seek to become merely cryptographers seem to think that 'numbers
rule'--those who seek to be able to analyze the end-result of those 'numbers' realize that the minds, hearts and souls 'behind'
those numbers tell the story of how people think and feel, and
the motivations behind their cryptographical intent. (And also
reveals where their vulnerabilities lie.)
  Thinking that cryptography is about 'numbers' is akin to thinking
that equality is about 'skin-color'.
  "In times of war, a peacelike man sets upon others."
       Bubba Rom Dos

@_date: 1997-01-20 22:59:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
All the good computer people have degrees in Political Philosophy,
and the like. People with actual computer science degrees, etc., seem to be more astute at office politics, however. It's a strange
  I think that the 'cypherpunk philosophy' is history, now. It seems to
me that many of the CypherPunks have gotten their piece of the pie and
are mostly concerned with big business Cypher, and wish that the Punks
would just go away.
  There is always an essential element behind every movement, and those
who are active in espousing the tenets of that movement, be they the
'suits' or the 'jeans', are seldom any more than mouthpieces for
those who continue to work toward essential goals no matter what
the surface manifestations of a group seem to indicate.
  It might well be that the purpose of evolution is to weed out those
who cannot
survive in both scenarios.
  Many haven't, some have.  Between the Hermit and the Fool, stand many
who are merely occupying a space.
  There are those who theorize that genius' and the insane are the forerunners of the new directions humanity will take. I subscribe to
the CypherPunks list so that I can monitor both at the same time.

@_date: 1997-01-21 00:20:33
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
Sure the 'system' is working. Software patents were begun as a means
the government to exert control over the direction of software
  It's the same thing as crypto-export regulations. They established a
dick-licking order for those who want to whore their way to riches under government rule. So now the quickest way to export your product
is to name it 'Crypto Light'.

@_date: 1997-01-21 06:57:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: RSA challenge: is it legal to try? 
Sure the 'system' is working. Software patents were begun as a means
the government to exert control over the direction of software
  It's the same thing as crypto-export regulations. They established a
dick-licking order for those who want to whore their way to riches under government rule. So now the quickest way to export your product
is to name it 'Crypto Light'.

@_date: 1997-01-21 00:20:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: You can now subscr. to the moderated/unmoderated/flames lists 
This startling announcement ranks right up there at the top of the
'surprise' scale, along with K.D. Lang's announcement that she is gay.
(Like the Butch (crew-cut) hairstyle was not a major hint.)
  By the way, when I espoused my opinion that the moderation
"your suggestions will be considered" was merely political rhetoric, I was offered (and took) a bet of 50,000 electronic porno byte-credits
on whether or not I was right.
  My opponent and I agreed that lack of any serious recognition of the
member's input would be taken as a sign of my supposition being correct.
I am of the belief that I have won the bet. Does anyone have any proof
to the contrary?

@_date: 1997-01-21 07:10:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: You can now subscr. to the moderated/unmoderated/flames lists 
This startling announcement ranks right up there at the top of the
'surprise' scale, along with K.D. Lang's announcement that she is gay.
(Like the Butch (crew-cut) hairstyle was not a major hint.)
  By the way, when I espoused my opinion that the moderation
"your suggestions will be considered" was merely political rhetoric, I was offered (and took) a bet of 50,000 electronic porno byte-credits
on whether or not I was right.
  My opponent and I agreed that lack of any serious recognition of the
member's input would be taken as a sign of my supposition being correct.
I am of the belief that I have won the bet. Does anyone have any proof
to the contrary?

@_date: 1997-01-21 00:20:39
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis' social engineering "experiment" 
The "About Cypherpunks" intro to the list states,
  "Cypherpunks know how to attack a system and how to defend it."
  "Cypherpunks love to practice."
  If I choose to join the "Venemous Snakes" list, I'm not going to
complain about getting bit every now and again.
  Dr. Vulis? There was an 'attempt' to silence him, but it hasn't worked, to date.
  I haven't seen any evidence of an attempt to destroy this list. I've seen many attempts to manipulate the list's direction, but
that is another matter.
  There was a crypto-messenger named DataETRetch that 'advanced' their
version of crypto on this list, and they left their heads on the
block on their way out.
  If your team can't even make it through the scrimmages, then they
belong in the game.  And if you find yourself suggesting, "Why don't we
just play 'touch', instead of 'tackle'.", then you're probably getting
too old and tired to play in the major leagues.
  It doesn't. 'Stopping' the annoyance of these messages promotes personal privacy.
  No shit, Sherlock.

@_date: 1997-01-21 07:11:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis' social engineering "experiment" 
The "About Cypherpunks" intro to the list states,
  "Cypherpunks know how to attack a system and how to defend it."
  "Cypherpunks love to practice."
  If I choose to join the "Venemous Snakes" list, I'm not going to
complain about getting bit every now and again.
  Dr. Vulis? There was an 'attempt' to silence him, but it hasn't worked, to date.
  I haven't seen any evidence of an attempt to destroy this list. I've seen many attempts to manipulate the list's direction, but
that is another matter.
  There was a crypto-messenger named DataETRetch that 'advanced' their
version of crypto on this list, and they left their heads on the
block on their way out.
  If your team can't even make it through the scrimmages, then they
belong in the game.  And if you find yourself suggesting, "Why don't we
just play 'touch', instead of 'tackle'.", then you're probably getting
too old and tired to play in the major leagues.
  It doesn't. 'Stopping' the annoyance of these messages promotes personal privacy.
  No shit, Sherlock.

@_date: 1997-01-21 10:33:55
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dr. Vulis' social engineering experiment 
I agree, totally.
  Just because an individual claims, rightly or wrongly, to be a
big defender of freedom, involving himself or herself in causes
like those of the Electronic Freedom Foundation, does not take
away their right to stomp on anyone who disagrees with them on
their own private list.
  To claim otherwise would be as ludicrous as denying the person
running the Anonymizer the right to expose the identities of the
people he feels might perhaps be abusing his private system, or
using it for nefarious purposes, such as hiding their identity from others.

@_date: 1997-01-21 12:08:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: HOW AM I MEANT TO GET OFF THIS LIST! 
It wouldn't hurt to provide details of what commands you are sending
to the majordomo and what you receive back from it.

@_date: 1997-01-21 15:29:12
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: CypherPunks Supports UCE Spammers! 
I find it interesting that those who control the CypherPunks list
would go to great lengths to censor the free speech of list members,
and yet be perfectly willing to allow those who wish to view all
postings by list members to be subjected to bulk UCE bombing by
those outside the list.
  Am I just blowing smoke in suggesting that this may be just a
big FUCK YOU! to the list members who don't want to 'toe the
line' in regard to list member censorship?
  Is there 'anyone' on the list who 'wants' to receive UCE/Spam?
If there is, I would certainly like to see the posts indicating
their desire to receive it. I am sure that their desire can be
realized beyond their wildest dreams.
  I have no problem with John taking control of his own private
list, in order to control its content and future direction, but
I think that it is rude beyond belief to make great pretentions
of taking actions for 'the good of the list' and yet not lift a
single finger to prevent toad.com from aiding in the proliferation
of UCE/Spam.
  Other lists are able to block UCE/Spam, and make an effort to do
so, without using it as a 'tool', or an 'excuse', to censor the
content of their list by list subscribers.
  It is obvious that toad.com shows no interest in halting their
role as an accessory in the promotion of UCE/Spam, but has the
time and energy to censor their list members.
  The words 'pettiness' and 'bullshit' come to mind, when I view
the way that 'moderation' has been approached on this list.
  If you reply to this post, please do so politely.
  I'm a sensitive guy, and my feelings are easily hurt.

@_date: 1997-01-22 02:17:25
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
And Germany was Hitler and the Nazi Party's own country.
  Do you really want Clinton and GingWretch having a say in how we run
web? (I don't).
  It may be 'their' country ('their' being the government), but it is 'their' world ('their' being the people). There was a reason that the Western powers didn't return East Germans who broke the laws of their
country by climbing over the wall and running for freedom.
  Making information available does not 'force' a view on anyone.
  I want a couple of whatever this guy is on.
  No. The internet was conceived so that the DOD could monitor the
of physicists and researchers who thought it was awfully nice of the
to provide this wonderful method of sharing data and information.
  Toto

@_date: 1997-01-23 01:51:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Sorry, I forgot that people who work well with numbers often aren't as
good at working with concepts.  I'll write slowly.
  I'm equating 'any' country where individuals take and keep power over it's citizen by illicit and/or dehumanizing means with Nazism and   Right. And if someone 'chooses' to give their money to a thief with
a gun, then it is not the business of other people, or the police.
  I would hate to interfere with someones 'right' to get robbed,
raped, or murdered.
  But according to your viewpoint, countries he had not invaded had no
right to 'help' those he conquered.
  Perhaps Hitler was merely the Dr. Vulis of isolationism.  The isolationists' claims that the affairs of other countries were not
our affairs changed rather rapidly when it became apparent that they
had better either get their heads out of their butts, or learn to
speak German.
  It seems that several million Jews got 'filtered' into 'nihilism'
during the Second World War while the isolationists were busy not
interfering with the rights of individuals in other nations to
commit 'suicide' at the hands of the Nazis.
  Never forget.  A forest can apparently exist without Jewish trees.   There are a lot of people lying in graves around the world who might
suggest that perhaps they didn't support the system that limited,
controlled, and murdered them. They might also argue that it 'did'
work in many countries, for many years.
  I believe you mean the 'stated' original goal of the InterNet.
to the 'stated' goal of crypto regulations.)
  A series of manuscripts entitled "The True Story of the InterNet"
the shadowy faces behind the facade of the InterNet, and the plans,
its very inception, for it to become part of the underlying fabric of everyday life, internationally. They were almost considered to be
sci-fiction at the time they were written, because the InterNet, at the
time was just a smallish, specialized, technical entity at the time.
  The claims they made for the InterNet being foreordained to become almost exactly what it is now becoming were written off as ludicrous.
  You seem to have very strong feelings about people who think
from yourself being a 'big problem'.   The battle cry of every apologist for every corrupt or jackboot regime that has ever existed on earth.
  Why do I never hear this view from anyone who is being censored,
or who can hear the jackboots thumping against their own door or their neighbor's door?  It always seems to come from someone who is getting
piece of the pie and is worried that it might end.
  You might try reading something other than 'Life' magazines from the
if you want to get a little better picture of how our government really
  I'm already working toward solving the problems that I see, in other countries as well as this one.  The people behind the Iron Curtain have
never seemed to have any problem with me risking my life and liberty making prohibited information available to them.
   "I can hear the rumbling of the trucks as they come up the street, and soon I will be hearing the thumping of the jackboots storming up the staircase, as I have heard them so many times before.  But I suspect that, this time, the sound will be different, that it will have an ethereal quality about it, one which conveys greater personal meaning than it did when I heard it on previous occasions.
   "This time, they are coming for me."
   "My only hope, is that I can find the strength of character somewhere inside myself to ask the question which lies at the heart of why there is a 'they' to come for me at all...why, in the end, it has finally come to this for me, as for countless others.
   "The question is, in retrospect, as simple and basic as it is essential for any who still espouse the concepts of freedom and liberty to ask themselves upon finding themselves marveling at the outrageousness being perpetrated upon their neighbors by 'them'...by 'others'...by 'Friends of the Destroyer.'
   "The question is...'Why didn't "I" do something?'"
      A quote from the personal diary of Vice-Admiral B. D'Shauneaux,
      from the Prologue to Part II of 'The True Story of the InterNet'

@_date: 1997-01-23 01:53:13
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Manila says ID system not prelude to martial law (fwd) 
David Lesher / hated by RBOC's in 5 states didn't write:

@_date: 1997-01-23 05:43:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Decision in Karn Case 
Look on the bright side. Maybe they'll move them around so much that
they'll lose them.
  That is why the thugs and the brown-shirts always start by attacking
scattered individuals and those they can easily brand 'troublemakers.'
(Only in rare instances, do they start with Doctors).
  The intellectuals and academics might, at best, utter a few tut-tut's,
and by the time that the rule of force has become the order of the day,
there is no longer anyone 'below' them left free to object to the
attacks on themselves.

@_date: 1997-01-23 05:44:35
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: greed and the internet 
Say, this couldn't be the old lets-create-a-problem-by-virtue-of-
handle 'trick', would it?
  Look on the bright side. At least your old 286 will finally be worth some money when CompuServe and AOL decide to dump those
'fast' machines that are hurting their profit margin.
  Any good rancher knows that in order to herd the cattle and the sheep, you have to get them moving first. And once they get used to
being herded into the 'feedlot', they stop paying attention and fail to notice when the 'feedlot' they get herded into happens to
be located conveniently next to a rendering plant.
  Must be just a 'coincidence' that they are 'herding' all information
toward an entity spawned by the DOD and other government security
organizations--the "government 'behind' the government."
  Of course, the Universities' own communications will no doubt be fully
protected with Key Escrow Encryption.
  I think that this statement shows a strong need for the academics and
intellectuals to discuss this issue, perhaps even write a 'paper' on it,
after giving it several years of close study, naturally.
  I, for one, would be more than willing to help them smuggle the
of their study out of the forced labor camp they find themselves in by
the time it is completed.
  Thanks for a thoughtful and insightful post on these issues. I am sure
that they will be seriously considered in a wide Circle of people who
not just composed of smart alecs with blanc minds.

@_date: 1997-01-23 05:43:44
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Just another government fuckover: New crypto regulations 
Dear Mr. Hun,
  I see that your post was expunged from the cypherpunks-politically-
correct-outgoing list.
  I am assuming that it was as a result of linking crypto to free
Perhaps you need to fall more into line with the New List Order.

@_date: 1997-01-23 05:43:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Dale / Re: Your Subscription To The CypherPunks List 
This message is to inform you that I have taken over the cypherpunks list and will henceforth act as moderator, thus ensuring that only
messages regarding "How To Make Big $$$ Licking Your Own Balls" will be posted to the list.
  However, out of the goodness of my heart, I will beneficently allow
you to receive the expunged posts on another list.
  Just send an email to:
 "ifyoudon'tlikeit,thenlumpit--it'sMYlist
with a message body saying,
 "I'm still a Punk, and I don't think the music's too loud,
you old fart."
"My name isn't Richard, but I'm still a Dick."

@_date: 1997-01-24 00:11:13
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Commerce Sec. Hearings and Encryption 
True. Perhaps I should have said "freely available, but it might
cost you more than you expect."
  The average joe is quickly becoming aware of the issue of data
security (and therefore being exposed to the 'concept' of encryption as something that will impact his life). Of course,
this is coming about as a result of commercial pressures to make
him feel safe about handing over his Visa number, etc.
  To me, this indicates that this is the opportune time to inject
a deeper level of understanding into the issue of crypto, at a
time when the average joe has his attention directed toward the
crypto arena.

@_date: 1997-01-24 00:11:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
Are you referring to the CypherPunks 'censored' list?

@_date: 1997-01-24 00:11:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: No Dimitri?? 
Yes. No postings from John Gilmore on the cypherpunks-censored list
either, lately.
  I guess Sandy's not putting up with his crap anymore, as well.

@_date: 1997-01-24 00:13:11
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: THE NEW YORKER on the V-Chip 
Good idea to 'explain' yourself, in case 'they' are watching. One can
never be too careful when the crypto-censors are lurking in the

@_date: 1997-01-24 00:11:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: THE NEW YORKER on the V-Chip 
I noticed that when my nephews buy video games, the first ones they
check out are the ones plastered with the 'protective' ratings-symbols
that proclaim that the game is the 'baddest of the bad' in terms of
violence, etc.
  Thanks to the violence-rating system, they no longer have to waste
time checking out 'dweeb' programs that contain absolutely no blood
and gore.

@_date: 1997-01-24 03:07:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: If you were unable to download UDCM V2.0 before... 
Yours is the post these guys have been waiting for. All of those other
CypherPunks just 'flamed' them  by asking technical questions about their products.
  Who knows, they may make you their marketing manager.

@_date: 1997-01-24 03:08:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
I have noticed that the 'sorting' of messages seems to be based
as much on personality as upon content.   The standard of what constitutes a 'flame' seems to rest very much
upon whom a comment is directed at, or merely 'vaguely toward'.  There have been more than a few postings stronly lambasting various
generic grouping of individuals which have passed without censoring.
  Your post, however, included Dr. Dimitri's vague reference to
a homosexual 'elite'. While it was directed toward no one in particular, I suppose one could 'infer', from his past postings,
that it referred to certain individuals, or a group of individuals.
  So it would seem that, in quoting the posts of others, one must
take into consideration what various readers may infer from their
previous posts.
  This was more than obvious to anyone who cared to cast an objective
eye on the process, but their input was pooh-paah'd by the 'washed   Like all of the 'opinions' that were expressed prior to the censorship
of the list? I haven't seen any indication that these opinions were given the slightest consideration.  This is not the readership's list.
It is a private individual's list.
  My view of Sandy's moderation is that it is rather willy-nilly, and
not done particularly objectively. There have been personal insults directed toward various individuals, including myself, which seem not to have been considered 'flames', while there are more than a few posts which, even on the closest of inspection, I can see no reason for dumping the the 'flame-crapper', other than the fact that they are somewhat associated to the 'unclean' list members.
  The moderation, at best, seems to encourage 'snide' commentary
meant to be ill-disguised cheap-shots. I would much rather have list members taking strong, clean shots at their 'targets', than
to be subjected to two-faced people talking out of the side of
their mouths.
  In short, I don't see the moderation as being 'fair', and I don't
think it was ever meant to be.
  I don't have a problem with this, since it's a private list, and, as far as I am concerned, the list-owner can censor it, or have it
censored, any way he or she sees fit.
  I would like to point out, however, that anyone who has had their
posts 'sorted' into the 'flames list' is now a 'known flamer', as
evidenced by the fact that their post has been designated a 'flame'
on a list run by a champion of free speech on the electronic
  It is obvious that some of the more intuitively intelligent list
members are aware of this, as is indicated by the nervous fear with
which they 'explain why' their post is crypto-relevant.

@_date: 1997-01-24 11:57:27
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy dumps Igor but allows KOTM 
Yes it is. The fact that they are able to tell others when and how
they will be moderated or censored makes it so.
  So what is your point?  The moderation process has little to do with
rights or ideals. Now that the WWW is making the InterNet a money-making
entity, rights and ideals will play a decreasingly important role in decisions regarding its use and the censorship thereof.
  Also, since John is becoming an increasingly important political
entity in the InterNet community, I am sure that it is very important
to him to be able to control the direction of his private list (and
to use the age-old political device of having a 'front man' to take
the 'heat' for his decisions).
  It is not the first time in history that fame and fortune (or even
the smell of it in the wind) has led to 'rights' and 'ideals' needing
a small bit of 'adjustment'.

@_date: 1997-01-24 12:26:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Encrypting ZIP disks 
I came across a 'cracker' program that claims to be able to
hack the SecureDrive encryption system.
  Off the top of my head, I think it was called ZipCracker, or something similar in name to one of the PKZip encryption
cracking programs.  I found it on one of the hacker websites,
and there was a text file regarding SecureDrive which went
into some detail re: both the hardware and software aspects
of the Zip drives and the encryption itself.

@_date: 1997-01-25 04:37:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
It became rather glaringly obvious after moderation was announced
that class structure would be the defining feature of moderation.
  Those who felt themselves to be in the 'upper class' made no
bones about it.

@_date: 1997-01-25 04:35:16
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cypher-Oops! 
I was just wondering if the CypherPunks list is now the only list
that has an Administrative introduction for list members that could
not be posted in full to the list-proper, as it contains a flame
against an individual.

@_date: 1997-01-25 22:27:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cellular phone triangulation 
Replace the words 'drug dealers' with the words 'everyone', and I
this becomes not only a correct statement, but a very revealing one.
  It doesn't matter whether the subject is crypto, cell phones, or any
communications item or issue, the 'answer' to the proclaimed 'problem',
according to the government, is to increase the government's ability
to monitor every citizen, everywhere, at any time.
  Our prisons are overflowing with drug dealers and drug users who were
put there by quite ordinary means which didn't involve violating or
discarding the rights of the ordinary citizen.  Yet we keep hearing
cries from the government for the desperate need to infringe on the
citizen's right to freedom and privacy, again and again, in order to
jail the guys who were supposed to be jailed by the 'last' infringement
on the average citizen (and the one before that).
  So far, as a result of the plethora of laws passed to enable law
enforcement agencies to 'catch drug dealers', I have seen only a
few minor criminals who are claimed to have been brought to justice
as a result of these laws, while seeing documentation of hundreds
and thousands of ordinary citizens being harassed and having their
human rights violated by these same laws.
  And still, we have people like Mark, who seem relatively intelligent
and informed but who still echo the party-line of Big Brother when
He proclaims that the average citizen must be subjected to new and
better ways to monitor the movements and activities of His citizens
in order to 'protect' them from 'drug dealers'.
  I am certain that the issues (and the debates about them) will be the same as today, when the dawn finally comes where we hear the announcement about the plans for identity-chip body-implants. I am sure that the government will tell us that our privacy and rights
will be protected by the Key Escrow encryption in the identity-chip
which will only be compromised for the purpose of catching 'drug
dealers' and other 'scum'.
  I am sure that the statement above will be pooh-paah'd by many as
an example of reactionary-paranoid thinking, but the same could be
said for all of the rights and privacy-infringing realities that
we currently live under. (Like having to provide samples of bodily
fluids to keep your job as a janitor--in case you've been dipping
into the coke stash of the CEO, who does 'not' have to piss in a
  Five years from now, you may well be wearing an identity-anklet
at work (to combat employee-theft, etc.) and still laughing at
my ludicrous example of body-implant identity-chips. ("It's not
like they make us wear them at home, they are just for protecting
us from unfair firing by our employer.")
  Ten years from now, you may be wearing your identity-anklet at
home, and still laughing about the idiot who predicted body-implant
identity-chips. ("It's no trouble wearing it at home, especially
if it helps catch those damn 'drug dealers'. They are the only
ones who leave their house during the curfew hours, anyway.")
  A couple years after that, you will welcome the government
announcement that they have found a solution to the 'problem'
of having to wear the identity-anklet all of the time--the new,
improved, identity-chip solution--the body-implant ID-chip.
  Naturally, you will pooh-paah the naysayers who claim that
the body-implant chip will eventually have the capacity to
read your mind.
  ("The guy saying that is the same idiot who predicted that
we would all be wearing body-implant identity-chips...
  "Well, OK, that's a bad example, but...")
  You can fight the increasing hi-tech machinations of Big Brother to control our actions, movements, and our thoughts,
but it will cost an increasing amount of time and effort to
do so.
  Not to mention larger and larger amounts of money.
  But, maybe if you became a 'drug dealer'...

@_date: 1997-01-25 22:26:16
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Obese-rvation? I hope you are not assuming that I am obese, just
because I am responding to a post originating from
  I would hate to become relegated to the upcoming cypherpunks-fatpeople
list because of assumptions of this nature.

@_date: 1997-01-25 22:27:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
I have enjoyed many of Jim Bell's posts, and occasionally sent him a note telling him so. Other posts of his leave me with the desire to
fire off a missive telling him what a low-down, scum-sucking sack of
shit he is.
  One thing I have gleaned from his posts is that he is an adult. As
such, I assume that he is fully capable of living his life according
to his own beliefs and standards, and will not be reduced to running
to his mother, crying, because of the expressions of my relevant or
non-relevant opinions.
  I have seen no posts from him indicating a desire to be 'saved'
from any less-than-applausitory comments on my part, but it seems
that others have taken it upon themselves to 'save' him, regardless.
  I fail to see how any supposedly intelligent members of the CypherPunks list can possibly be content to fall for the line,
  "Bend over, baby. I'm only going to moderate you 'a little bit'."

@_date: 1997-01-25 22:26:26
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Corelation 
My database seems to indicate a direct co-relation between the number of postings criticizing moderation and the number of UCE/Spam postings showing up on the list.
  i.e. When there are a number of postings critizizing Sandy's
moderation, then the diversionary UCE/Spam postings increase
  Has anyone actually 'seen' John Gilmore, lately? Since there
have been a number of postings indicating that the writer
'used to respect' Gilmore, I am wondering if perhaps this
moderation experiment is not actually an attempt by someone
to discredit him.
  Perhaps he is being held hostage somewhere, while the more
nefarious elements among us are trying to besmirch his good
name by using it to promote willy-nilly censorship and

@_date: 1997-01-25 23:45:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: overview.htm (fwd) 
Both male homosexuals and IV drug-users have always suffered from
an inordinate amount of infections, etc., because they are engaging
in physical behavior that Mother Nature had not anticipated, since
the behavior fulfills more of a psychological need than a physical
  Perhaps Mother Nature is homophobic and anti-drug, but, at any rate, she did not design the butt-hole to allow virus-free insertion
of outside objects, nor blood-veins to be pierced regularly in
order to insert condensed chemical combinations.
  As a result, those who engage in these behaviors have always had
to deal with the physical effects which result from Nature's 'error'.
IV drug users have always had high incidences of jaundice, etc., while male homosexuals have had to contend with various forms of
venereal disease, etc.  In both cases, they end up in a continuing
cycle of antibiotic use.
  There has been great concern raised among those in the medical profession regarding the end-effects of their wholesale prescribing
of anitbiotics for colds, aches and pains, etc., leading to the development of new strains of virus which are immune to the older
antibiotics. This leads to development of stronger (misused)
antibiotics, which then leads to stronger strains of virus.
  There have been a number of studies which point to the fact that
the human immune system is now caught in a battle between increasingly
potent virus and antibiotics and is losing its capacity to fight
its 'natural' enemies.
  Humans tend to base their 'judgements' on psychological critera.
Thus someone who puts a quart of scotch in their system every day
can turn around and call someone who is putting outside objects into their butt-hole a 'pervert' who is doing 'unnatural' things
to their body.
  Personally, I prefer to kill two birds with one stone, so I put
a quart of scotch up my butt-hole every day.

@_date: 1997-01-25 23:45:38
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: overview.htm (fwd) 
Nurses have free access to all types of antibiotics and high-inducing
drugs, and a good many of them are regular users of both.
  Hospitals are notoriously bad places for healthy people to go, as many
go in with little diseases and come out with big diseases (for which
they are often re-hospitalized).
  Also, outward appearances rarely have a whole lot to do with
of a superior auto-immune system. Plants have been bred to 'look pretty'
for the consumer, so we now have unblemished food stuffs which require
huge applications of poisonous chemicals in order to survive, because
they have lost their natural ability to defend themselves against even
ordinary plant pests and diseases.

@_date: 1997-01-26 00:01:16
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Ultimate Flames List 
> My point about the antibiotics is that the male gays take a dis-
 > proportionate amount of them, which compounds their problems.  It
 > suggests to me that the immune system is already seriously
 > or damaged before AIDS can take hold, rather than the notion that a
 > healthy person can get it from the virii alone.
   It has been suggested that disease is merely an attempt by Nature to
 'moderate' the species.
   One could make a strong case for Nature merely 'sorting' individuals
 into physical lists, one of which is her own 'flames' list. It remains
 to be seen whether Nature also plans on dropping the 'flames' list
 after her moderation experiment is over.
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-26 00:46:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
It is whatever the moderator decides it is, depending upon h/is/er intelligence, understanding, mood, command of language, sobriety,
etc., etc., etc.
 I am certain that there are members of the controlled media who are
ROTL at the CypherPunks following in their footsteps, after having
belittled the media for years for their sheep-mentality.
 We are also demonstrating that all of the CypherPunk rhetoric about
cryptography and freedom and... was just a lot of 'smoke' being blown by a bunch of pretenders who folded like a busted flush when
they were 'told' that the man who owns the Machine will now subject
them to the whims of whatever moderation he sees fit to impose on
the list.
  Cryptography is about privacy. Apparently, however, the New List
Order is of the opinion the Privacy Without Freedom is an obtainable
  It doesn't matter if the 'owner' of the list/Machine decides that s/he
is now the government, with the power and/or right to make all decisions
concerning the list.
  I think that anyone who thinks that moderation is, or could ever be,
anything other than a dance into the arms of the establishment, is
already crazy.
  For the record, I don't think that either John or Sandy is crazy.
I think that they have their own pre-established goals which others
on the cypherpunks list are not privy to.
  Of course, this is my personal opinion, and I could be wrong.
  On the other hand, I could be 'right' like I am about everything

@_date: 1997-01-26 18:05:54
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Jim Choate Speaks Out on My Part of the Net 
Thank you for your support in my efforts to exert supreme control over
the part of the net that I have paid for.
 I am sure that you will continue to fight for the right of myself and
the government of Singapore to use that control for whatever purpose
they choose.
 As you can see above, I have enhanced your posting so that it more
closely conforms to the beliefs that my paid-for part of the net was
set up to espouse.

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:33:47
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: (Fwd) Just Say No to Telcom "Reform" 
Ross Wright forwarded:
  Surprise, surprise!
  Yes it is.
  Nobody in politics gives up the ground they've gained. The fact that
they were able to hose the citizens the first time around only reinforces their certainty that they can continue to do so.
  While people are still fighting the earlier, lost battles, they are
preparing for the next one.
  I fully support anyone who wants to continue to fight past battles,
present battles, and future battles, on the level of surface politics.
But I think that their efforts are most effective if they add the
tools and weapons developed by the underground to their battles.
  Let them know that if they want to censor you, they will have to
censor your 'strong' crypto. Even if you choose to fight by showing
up with your gun on your hip, at high-noon, it still doesn't hurt to
have one tucked in your boot, as well.

@_date: 1997-01-26 19:35:33
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
When I read posts like this, I wonder how any rationally thinking
person can possibly believe that socio/politico concerns have no
place in the discussion of crypto.
  It is my belief that many of the more atrocious acts being performed
against the citizens by various governments are made possible by the
fact that there are so few people who recognize a 'pirate' when they
see one.
  While I appreciate that there are those who may be furthering the
cause of crypto, privacy and freedom through official channels, the
controlled media, and such, there needs to be a forum in which people are free to use what they consider to be the 'correct'
terminology to refer to those who have usurped democracy in order
to control the citizens for their own personal profit.
  i.e. 'Pirates'

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:12:42
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Internet, Countries, Nationalism, etc. 
Thanks for clearing this up for us, Jim.
  I know that a lot of CypherPunks have been wondering about this,
and many others as well. Hopefully, it will be posted on many
conferences to enlighted others, as well.

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:10:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: overview.htm (fwd) 
I don't go in for that sick, perverted stuff, myself, but I have
a friend...

@_date: 1997-01-26 21:11:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks maiing list 
Exactly. The same think happened at Kent State, when an extremely
segment of the student body forced U.S. Government forces to shoot them.
  Speaking of 'colouring', Mr. Rabid Revisionist-smallsegmentinextreme,
perhaps you might be so kind to explain the use of the word 'elected'
as it applies to an announcement that a single individual had decided
to act for the good of all, irregardless of the wishes of others.
  Social responsibility includes speaking up when the king has no
except for the armband with the Swastika on it.

@_date: 1997-01-27 01:37:06
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Sharon / Re: Scott's Legal Problems 
While I don't have a lot of details regarding Scott's personal
history, as such, I have a lifetime of experience with TS, the medical
system, and the legal system, as well.
  I spent more than a little time in court and at seminars, as a
counsellor, addressing the issues of physical and mental disabilities
and the resulting behavior patterns that are engendered by them. I have
found that both judges and prosecutors inherently understand the issues
themselves, but that defendants rarely have anyone able to effectively
speak for them in regard to these issues.
  The fact of the matter is, the legal system is geared toward
'punishment' as a means of impressing upon people that they need to
modify their behavior in order to act within the boundaries required by
society. In order for people with special needs to be afforded an
opportunity to meet society's requirements, there is an onus upon them
to be able to show reasonable cause to the judge as to why a 'generic'
solution to the problem they present to society is neither feasible, nor
  As a result of being afflicted with Tourette Syndrome, your son has
problems that I am very familiar with, since I have had to deal with the
results of the affliction myself for almost a half-century, without
proper diagnosis. So I will endeavor to explain some of the
life-experiences that I have been through, personally, as a result of
this disease's influence on my life.
  The fact is, I was unjustly charged and convicted of a minor drug
offense at the age of 19, for the simple reason that I was 'different'
from the other 'suspects', and thus was more suspicious. I was fortunate
enough to recognize that I was, indeed, different from others, and that
this would be something that would affect my life greatly in the future.
The result was that I made an effort to fully understand the intricacies
of the law and to take actions to protect myself in the future, no
matter whether my actions were in line with societies dictates, or
beyond the acceptable boundaries of society.
  When you are 'different', then you are subject to a much closer
scrutiny than the rest of society, and to a much harsher punishment, as
a rule. I have spent hours on end at the border crossing near my
hometown while customs officials called down the drug dogs from the big
city, because I couldn't explain to them why I was 'twitching'. I have
spent many days in jail waiting to answer to charges that would later be
dismissed because there was no substance to them. I have been subjected
to personal debasement and humiliating libel because of various
authorities deeming that the manifestations of my disability were signs
of my lack of morality, or of evil intentions on my part.
  You say your son has problems over possessing pills that a friend gave
him to try in order to help his TS?
  My father and mother have given me, over the years, various of their
medications to try in order to see if it would help me. They did so
because, for all of their care and concern, helping me as much as
possible within the 'proper boundaries' of medical science, I was not
getting what I needed in order to become a functional human being.
  My father and mother are respected business people and leading members
of the community. They never had to fear getting 'busted' for stepping
outside the bounds of society--but I did.
  I found a drug, amphetamine, that helped me to become a functional
member of society, but I was subject to arrest and imprisonment if I got
caught possessing it. After over three decades of occasional 'illegal'
use of the drug, it is now prescribed for my by a doctor who is allowed
to do so because it is now a 'recognized' treatment for TS. But, from a
legal standpoint, I was supposed to forego use of the drug and lead a
more dysfunctional life.
  DWI's? The most functional period of my life was spent self-medicating
with alcohol and nicotine. I acted as president of a small computer
company while smoking a carton
of cigarettes a day and drinking a case (24) of beer a day. It made me
  I put on 30-50,000 miles a year, accident free, and there were times
that I would not drive if I didn't have my 'medicine/beer' because I
didn't feel it was safe to do so. I had the foresight to buy my own
breathalyzer so that I could guage my drinking according to the legal
standard, but I did so only for legal reasons, not for reasons of
  Public intoxication? I was recently 'forced' to show up in court in a
state of legally defined 'public intoxication' in order not to be locked
in a cage like an animal as a result of my disabilities.
  I missed a court appearance because the prescribed medications I was
taking could not get me onto the 'day schedule' required by the legal
system. Under threat of imprisonment for failing to show up at the next
court date, I spent the previous night imbibing my 'old faithful'
medication, Scotch. I had a friend drive me to court, and I drank Scotch
and Coke while pleading my case (which I won).
  I had no desire to 'break the law'. I did not have an 'attitude
problem'. I was not trying to 'flaunt the rules of society'. I was
trying to survive. I was trying to keep from being locked in a cage for
not being able to function according to society's wishes without
performing actions which also went against society's wishes, but which
would enable me to avoid 'punishment', nonetheless.
  I take it that Scott is 'hiding out' to avoid being locked in a cage
for violating the rules of society.
  I have spent a great deal of my life 'hiding out' so that I would not
have to come into contact with society and be punished for trying to
survive while not fitting into the common mold.
  There have been times when I was forced to 'hide out' from showing up
in court to answer this-or-that charge which I knew would be dismissed
if I could hold out until I was functional enough to deal with the
situation. I had the foresight and the knowledge to do so using the same
'techniques' as a lawyer who isn't ready to plead a case because he
stayed up too late drinking the night before. I 'fudged' the truth, as
lawyers do every day, but I did so in order to compensate for a
dysfunctionality which was very real, but undiagnosed and therefore
unrecognized by the legal system.
  I have been blessed enough in life to have 'escaped' many situations
which could have turned out badly for me, by virtue of learning at a
young age that I needed to institute my own methods of dealing with a
dysfunctionality which I recognized, but which, in many ways, remained a
mystery to me.
  I have also been blessed by having the extreme good fortune to have
encountered a number of judges and prosecutors who were truly concerned
about justice, and who had the ability to judge me as a human being, and
take into account the fact that I was being honest with them about my
attitude, intentions and circumstances, even when my outward actions or
appearance did not correspond to what they were used to seeing in
'normal' people.   And I have been blessed to be able to make a difference in the lives
of others by pleading their case to those in authority over them, when
they were unable to effectively do so themselves. During my years as a
consellor and court-appointed advisor, I was only vaguely aware that I
understood the circumstances of the people I was helping to defend
because I shared their disabilities and their dysfunctionality.
  In regard to Scott, I don't know him personally, but the trials and
tribulations that you have shared on the pov-twitch forum are not
foreign to me, as they mirror my own life in many ways.
  What I would say to a judge and a prosecutor who are charged with the
duty of protecting both society and the individual, is this:
 1. Please have the compassion and the wisdom to take a close look at
Scott as a human being, and seriously consider what special
circumstances may be raised by the fact that he is afflicted with a
medical condition that affects his life in ways that he has little
control over.
 2. Try to make a distinction between actions, behaviors and attitudes
that are a result of a 'bad attitude' or a 'criminal intent', and the
actions, behaviors and attitudes of an individual who is trying
desperately to survive in a world in which he is ill-equipped to
function as a result of his disabilities.
 3. Please make an attempt to review his past history of involvement
with the legal system with an eye toward recognizing that perhaps the
judgements made about him, and the resulting legal decisions regarding
the disposition of his cases, did not fully take into account his
physical and mental disabilities and thus did not reflect the best
course of resolution of his case for the greatest benefit of both
society and the individual himself. (The Tourette-support forums
regularly contain postings by loving and concerned parents who are
horrified by the mistaken judgements--and resulting punishments-they
made concerning their children before they came to realize that their
child had physical and mental disabilities which required them to view
his or her actions in a new light, and find unique solutions for the
problems that these disabilities presented.)
 4.  Keep in mind the fact that resistance to authority and the tendency
to 'flee' from the face of society are common traits among many who
suffer from Tourette Syndrome and its accompanying afflictions. (I
posted a message to pov-twitch in which I spoke of feeling like a
"hunted animal" for much of my life, and I received a huge outpouring of
responses from TS-adults which reflected the pain and fear that they
still carried inside of themselves as a result of a lifetime of
persecution for the 'small sin' of being different from those around
 5. Please realize that you are judging an individual, whose future lies
in your hands, who has a genuine need for special understanding in order
to bring his case to a resolution which will benefit society and the
individual himself.
  It is easy to recognize the special circumstances and needs necessary
to dispense true justice in the case of the 'obviously' and the
'acceptably' disabled. When one is confronted with a retarded
individual, or a person in a wheel-chair, the special circumstances
regarding the disposition of their case are obvious. When judging a
person who is rambling on disjointedly about the voices in his or her
head, and truly hears them, then the need to take this into
consideration is equally obvious.
  It is much more difficult to put Tourette Syndrome-type behaviors and
attitudes into proper perspective, and to judge the part they play in an
individuals actions and behaviors. TS traits encompass ADHD and OCD
(Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder), and a variety of 'borderline'
dysfunctionalities which result in actions and behaviors which are easy
to classify as 'willful', 'disrespectful', etc. (Children who won't sit
still in their chairs; who utter obscenities; who perform impulsive
actions based on irrational, illogical thought processes.)
  I recognize that there are certain instances in which society's
interest is best served by locking up an individual so that they do not
do irrepairable harm to others, but if this concept is extended to the
point where it becomes the preferred method of dealing with
psychological disabilities, out of convenience, then I feel that justice
is no longer being served.
  Society, in return for abridging the rights of an individual to act in
any manner that he or she pleases, also takes on the responsibility to
ensure that the individual will not unduly suffer as a result of the
dictates of society.
  If society chooses to judge Scott for stepping outside the boundaries
of its rule of law, then society must ensure that Scott is afforded the
opportunity to gain the medical assistance that he needs in order to
deal with his disabilities within the bounds of society's laws.
  Imprisonment is hardly likely to be a solution that will result in
changes to Scott's medical disabilities. If the legal system is not able
to propose an alternative to imprisonment, then what hope is there,
really, for anyone who is engaged in a daily battle to overcome the
trials, tribulations and stigmatism associated with the affliction of
Tourette Syndrome.
  I wish you and Scott all the best in dealing with his present
situation, and I hope that you are blessed with a judge who understands
that society is composed of individuals and that, in judging the
individual, he or she is judging society itself.
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-27 02:31:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fantasy quotes & libel 
I enjoyed the 250,000 legalese-spams that you posted to the cypherpunks
list. You are certainly handy with a search-engine.
 You have certainly shown that the shotgun-approach to legal issues is
a valid one, as one of your posts actually came close to being relevant.
  Well, I'm certainly glad to hear that you feel you have the legal standing to sue the pants off of Sandy and John. When you're done with
them, you might want to check out Canadian law and think about suing
myself, as well.
  Of course, I realize that, given your strong position in regard to
the need not to interfere in the rights of others to exert dicatatorial
control over the content which passes through systems that they have
paid for with their own money, you would not be so hypocritical as to
attempt to interfere with those rights.
  An intelligent fellow such as yourself certainly wouldn't be so
ignorant as to stand up in court and declare that the right to exert
dicatatorial power by virtue of money and position should be negated
only when it affects you personally.
  I am sincerely in your debt for pointing out to me that the purchase
of my hardware and software, and the money I spend in maintaining it,
give me license to exert total control over anything that passes through it.
  It was only the knowledge that you are a man who stands behind his
statements that enabled me to recognize your post expressing whining
outrage that the principles you espouse should apply equally to all
were meant as humor, despite your failure to add the little happy-face
grin :).

@_date: 1997-01-27 02:59:37
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cypher-Apology 
I seem to have posted one of my private emails to the conference by mistake. It was in regard to a lady whose son is going to court in the
morning and has nothing to do with crypto. (unless I try to make a
supremely long leap in relating Tourette Syndrome to the Timmy May
'cocksucker' postings)
  My first instinct was to blame Bill Gates for holding me hostage and
forcing me to use Win95. My second instinct was to try to excuse my
error by blaming the ingestion of large amounts of drugs and alcohol
for my misdirection of my email.
  However, after consultation with the space aliens who speak to me
through the mercury filling in my teeth, I have come to the realization
that the error was the result of the fact that I am a fucking idiot.
  I imagine that my apology will not be received by those on the censored list, as I have just 'flamed' myself. I would apologize for
this, as well, but I am still sober enough to realize that this could
quite possibly result in an endless-apology-loop which would interfere
with the rights of those on the cypherpunks-uncensored list to receive
the "Make $$Money$$ Fast" postings that Sandy has been so kind to
forward to those who oppose censorship of list subscribers.

@_date: 1997-01-27 18:32:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Moderated list is missing headers 
The header information, on all of the lists, has been changed in order
to make it more difficult for list members to keep track of what is going on behind the Electromagnetic Curtain.
 A simple example is the fact that, originally, a quick glance at the header was sufficient to recognize which messages were sorted to the
flames list and were sent out by toad.com from this list. This has
since been changed to make the process of censorship more obtuse.
  Your complaint about it being difficult to 'untangle' certain message threads seems to stem from the fact that you have chosen
to receive only a cypher-world-view that has been censored before
you receive it.
  The purpose behind censorship on the list is for the censoring
party to be able to spoon-feed you only what they deem fit for you to read. Given the haphazard methods with which the censorship
is being instituted, it is not in the best interest of the censors
to make it easy for the list members to track the course of the
various postings.

@_date: 1997-01-27 18:31:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Unfortunately, I know a little 'too much' about you and John and
your relationships with the Establishment.  But as long as I don't
think about it at the dinner table, it doesn't affect my appetite.
  You do so all of the time. It seems, rather, that John cannot speak for himself (or is too embarrassed to do so).
  No, Sandy, it is yourself and John who are 'telling' others how
this list 'will' be run.
  You seem to be projecting your own motivations upon anyone who 'expresses' any unflattering opinion of the the censorship process
you have instituted.
 It must be nice, Sandy, having the power and control over the list
that enables you to fling insults at others and then direct them
to others only at your own whim and discretion.
 I guess that it is every list-dictator's dream to have the power
to send a big FUCK YOU to one portion of the list, and send a
portrait of themself as Mother Teresa to another portion of the

@_date: 1997-01-27 18:30:35
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Rejection policy of the Cypherpunks mailing list 
Your view seems to be contradictory to that of Sandy. Sandy has
stated that s/he does not censor the list according to crypto-

@_date: 1997-01-27 22:23:12
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: The Bell Weather Curve 
A structurally biased analysis of the ill-diguised flames approved
for posting to the censored list yield the following graphical
representation of dual-faced snide-itity:                                         .-.
                    / u \
 n |
 c |
 e |
 n |
      .-.     .-.   | s |   .-.     .-.  ----/---\---/---\--| o |--/---\---/---\--------------------
    /     `-'     `/  r  \'     `-'     \
   (                  e                  )
                 d                 |
                                   |

@_date: 1997-01-27 20:20:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Libel/slander & crypto relevancy 
A whole shitload of rambling material which is irrelevant for any
purpose except, perhaps, to disguise semi-literacy with long-winded
  You seem to be getting better drugs than I am. Got any numbers
I could call in order to re-up?
  I have to admit that your grasp of technology is superior to my own,
since you are capable of posting to the list from a parallel universe
where it is already Thursday, Feb. 27, 1997.
  Interestingly enough, one of the UCE/Spammers that is mailbombing
various lists also lives in a parallel universe where it is already Thursday, Feb. 27, 1997.
  Small univerese, isn't it, Jim.

@_date: 1997-01-27 23:49:37
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Toto's database 
As a matter of fact, it is. It consists of the cypherpunks unedited
flames list.
 Given the well-developed and ratiionally strong questions you asked in
your post, I am afraid that you would find my abstractions of data
rather rudimentary, at best.
  I keep a separate directory of CypherSpam, for my own purposes, and I merely popped the moderation-related criticisms into another directory
and made some direct comparisons. I used my computer-brain to draw my
conclusions from, which I suppose might raise the issue of personal
bias and/or competent technology. (I regard my brain as a Pentium, but
there are others who aver that it can more closely be compared to the
digital circuitry on their office coffee-machine)
  That is why the world has need of spin-doctors, conspiracy theorists and data-analysts.
  This is an illogical conclusion, since the proponents of moderation receive the censored list, and therefore do not receive the UCE/Spams.
  On the other hand, the UCE/Spams are passed along to the other lists,
despite the fact that not a single member of the list has indicated any desire to receive them. The fact that John and Sandy have shown
absolutely no concern for 'protecting' the list members from UCE/Spam until their forced censoring of 'undesirable' list members indicates that the 'punishment' you mention applies only to those who oppose
the censorship of list members.
  Unfortunately, the 'spam weapon' is an extremely exact science in the
hands of those familiar with remailer systems and bots.  Also, some of
the spams appear to originate from toad.com itself, as opposed to coming
from outside sources.

@_date: 1997-01-27 23:51:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Moderated list is missing headers 
The CypherPunks list is, and always has been, a 'hoot'. I have
it since its inception, in various guises. It is the only list I still
keep tabs on when I'm hiding under a rock to escape persecution, prosecution, and/or prostitution.
  I once read over a year's worth of postings in one stetch, after
surfaced following an unfortunate incident behind the Iron Curtain. That was when I fully realized that the course of the universe could be
predicted by following the CypherPunks list. (Picking the winner in the
Kentucky Derby being one notable exception.)
  You have one of the best moderated lists that I have seen. Some of the
are a definite 'stretch' as far as being on-topic is concerned, but we
in a world where people make different kinds of connections inside their
brains, and I have always believed that keeping too tight a rein on the
human animal will lead to crushing the spirit within.
  Several years ago, when the CypherPunks were on the cover of 'Wired',
I inserted a short post suggesting that their philosophies regarding
anarchism, privacy and free speech would be put to the test when recognition, money and power entered the cypher-picture.
  I only became active on the list, under my present persona, about a month before 'moderation/censorship', as a result of receiving word
that changes were in the wind that would make my prediction prophetic.
  It has been said that one can reliably predict the future course of
civilization by following the progress of men of genius and the insane.
To this, I would add the CypherPunks list, which seems to fully encompass both arenas.
  The Tim May flames were a simple matter of office politics. He could not be counted on to 'go quietly into the night' in regard for the
plans for the New List Order.
  Anyone who chooses to spend the least amount of time analyzing the
UCE/Spam content of the CypherPunks list can easily ascertain that
there was a concerted blitzkrieg of postings aimed at creating an atmosphere wherein the BrownShirts could move in to address the 'problems' being created for the list.
  It was a classic 'takeover' of the list by those involved. It used the "Tim May" and "Make $$Money$$ Fast" UCE/Spams to implement a
moderation/censorship system which could be used to bring the jackboot
down on those whose postings do not fit in with the future
directions envisioned by those directing the takeover of the list.
  The forced unsubscribing of Dr. Dimitri was merely an opening salvo,
to test the waters. He was the Saddam Hussein of Cypher Storm.
  Tim May presented a different problem. As a veteran, respected member
of the CypherPunks list (respected, for the most part, even by those
who violently disagreed with him), he needed to be eliminated through
a combination of public humiliation and withdrawal of support by the
elitist members of the list.
  The current moderation/censorship, and the process by which it was
instituted, is a disgrace to the memory of a list which was, at one time a bastion of free speech.
  The CypherPunks list of the past is now dead. It has already been
decided that, in the future, it will be controlled and directed, through censorship, to further its prostitution to the new financial
frontiers of cryptology.
  Hang on to them, they are now 'collectors items', probably worth a lot
money. If Tim May had a better sense of humor, he might have parlayed
posts into a guest spot on 'Letterman'.

@_date: 1997-01-28 05:14:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: How to subscribe 
- This is a list for handsome, witty, intelligent people who believe in the actual practice of free speech in regard to cryptography and its socio/politico implications.
 - This list is the same as the one above, only it includes the postings
'accidently' routed to /dev/null. (You need a /dev/null 'reader' to
access it. I recommend one from the makers of the Infinite Hard Drive)
 - This list consists of only Sandy's postings.
 - This list consists of formerly free CypherPunks who were forcibly
relocated into its confines.
   The members of this list are grotesquely deformed, slow-witted creatures, although some appear to be idiot savants and are able to
work very well with numbers. Nonetheless, they have little chance of
escaping the Dark Storm which is descending upon them.
  Legend has it that its server was once a handsome princebot who kissed
the wrong ass, and turned into a toad.com.
 - This is a list composed entirely of foreign spies.
 - This is a list that will soon be beseiged by Attila T. Hun.
 - This is a list accessible only to the two people exchanging the private mail and the DOD (barring use of PGP).   The confusion created by having different lists will stop when
the 'other boot' drops.

@_date: 1997-01-28 16:51:46
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: can Sun Tzu be a cypherpunks? 
WARNING! "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" Is A Very Dangerous Document
  It is reputed among many of the top minds in the Computer Industry to be a very real, and revealing, documentary of some of the horrors of the Industry which are sometimes rumored, but seldom exposed.  But be warned-they say it in private, not in public.
  Though management at the major Corporations in the Industry brush aside the document as the mad ramblings of an unstable, failed business executive, the fact remains that there are more and more people coming forward who claim to have suffered demotions or loss of employment after deliberately or inadvertently revealing their support of the document's claims and it's authenticity.
  If you choose to read this manuscript, do not speak of it in casual
conversation at your place of employment, or around strangers in any business or social environment.  Though it is almost impossible to document cases of reprisal of this nature, the increasing numbers of ex-employees of major Corporations in the Computer Industry making these claims, and the devastating consequences they allege to their professional and private lives, make it wise to be discreet in expressing any opinion, or even knowledge, of this document.
  If you choose to share this document with others, it would be wise to do so discreetly, even anonymously, should you be unsure of the reliability and discretion of whomever you choose to share this knowledge with.
  Though I personally lean toward viewing the manuscript as authentic, my exhaustive research into it's origin has always come to a dead-end, even among the principals involved.
  C.J. Parker, former President of Pearl Harbor Computers, Inc., denied
emphatically, in a face-to-face encounter with  anything whatsoever to do with the document.  When I pressed him with questions regarding the hasty demise of his business and the unraveling of his personal life after the public circulation of "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre" began, he became very agitated and distraught, bordering on violence, and the interview was abruptly terminated.
  Dr. William M. Denney, one of the few principals in the manuscript referred to directly, was reluctant to be interviewed, but eventually made a few comments which I found to be very revealing.  Dr. Denney, Vice-President of Basis, Inc. in Emmeryville, Ca., consistently rated as one of the top ten Unix Open Systems vendors in the world, said, "I deny any knowledge of or participation, in any way whatsoever, with anything connected to 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre', and it would be wise for others to do the same."
  I find this statement to be very cryptic and, at the same time, very revealing; very much in line with what would expect from one associated with the alleged underground computer society described in the manuscript.
  As for Mr. Torry Basford, a former employee of Bell Labs who was Mr. Parker's first mentor in the world of Unix and is rumored to be laboring in obscurity in a small community college somewhere in the southwestern U.S., Mr. Parker would only say, "The man has suffered enough, please leave him alone."
 Regardless of the origins or authenticity of the document, it is considered by many to be extremely unsettling, perhaps even dangerous, and one might be better served to avoid reading the manuscript, if for no other reason than simple peace of mind.
 If you would like a copy of the manuscript,
send me a private email indicating a  desire
to receive it.

@_date: 1997-01-28 16:53:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Sandy Tzu 
> Therefore those who skillfully move opponents make  formations that
 > opponents are sure to follow, give what opponents are sure to take.
 > move opponents with the prospect of gain, waiting for them in ambush.
   Like skillfully moving the CypherPunks subscribers onto a different
 list than the one they subscribed to? Knowing that most subscribers
 would 'take' whatever was spoon-fed to them?
   I have the utmost respect for John's skill in manipulating the
 majority of CypherPunks subscribers into a pen from which they
 can leisurely munch on the fodder that Sandy throws over the fence
 to them. I am sure that they will grow 'fat' on the condensed
 crypto-food that is provided for them, especially since they
 will not have to move about in order to graze among all of the
 postings.
   But I am reminded of a Sunday-school teacher who told her class
 the story of the Prodigal Son, and afterwards asked one of the
 children, "Who was not happy to see the Prodigal Son return home?"
   He replied, "The fatted calf."
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-28 21:21:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Physical meet, Sat. Feb. 15 - not 18. (fwd) 
Sender: owner-austin-cpunks
 Precedence: bulk
 Reply-To: idiot
 If you're having trouble understanding the technology, perhaps
you need to flame yourself.

@_date: 1997-01-28 22:37:16
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Last nail for US crypto export policy? 
I just ran out of asswipe.
  Does anyone have any RSA Data Security, Inc. stock they'd like to

@_date: 1997-01-28 20:54:12
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: M.M. / Re: Sovreign Right of Lawful Access 
That plinking sound you hear is the sound of NSA's bloodhounds
stamping the phrase, in reverse, on the bottom of their jackboots.
  "Sovreign Right" has that certain ring to it which suggests the rhetoric of Dictators who imagine themselves to be Kings.
   "Lawful Access" has that "Of course, we will only use this
'right' against drug dealers.", kind of feel to it.
  Perhaps the student who popped RSA's test balloon could propose the "Universal Right to Casual Access."

@_date: 1997-01-29 01:17:46
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [noise] RE: Shave the Whales 
Maybe we could have the original cypherpunks list saved as an
historical ASCII arts treasure.

@_date: 1997-01-29 02:25:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor. (fwd) 
"All your private property, is target for your enemies."
                                    Jefferson Airplane

@_date: 1997-01-29 03:43:42
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy Loses His Gold Star 
> > Why is a mere "I see" classified as cypherpunks-flames???
 > > Stop picking on girls, Sandy.
 > It wasn't and I wasn't.
   It was and you did.
   Sorry, Sandy, but I'm going to have to take off the 'gold star'
 I put on your chart on Monday, and put on a 'red star'.
 Toto

@_date: 1997-01-29 09:02:29
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sandy Loses His Gold Star 
Of course I'm paying attention.
  That's why Sandy had to 'double-talk' to explain how his denial that the post was sent to the 'flames' list really meant that it
was sent to the 'spam' list, which just happens to be the 'flames'
list, except on Thursdays between 2 p.m. and 4 p.m., when it is called the 'shit' list.

@_date: 1997-01-29 22:16:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A comment on the censorship policy 
Dear Mr. or Ms. Anonymous,
  It is extremely easy to understand. Just read your own words.
  The key word here is 'accurate' criticisms. This makes them 'flames',
in Sandy's mind, because the purpose of the 'censorship experiment'
was to place total control of the list in the hands of a man who
rarely posts and doesn't seem to participate in the list discussions,
as well as for the purpose of suppressing any real dissent that may
arise from list members.
  Also, one of the reasons that the moderation process is so haphazard, is that posts from some individuals are automatically
routed to the 'flames' list at some times, and viewed/censored
at other times, so that a few can be posted to the censored list to give some half-hearted illusion of fairness in the
censorship process. (which remains a bad joke, nonetheless).
 Thank you for using the word 'inane' to describe some of my posts. Most people aren't polite enough to drop the 's' when
using the word. (Not that it matters. Some individuals are automatically 'flame-approved' for the censored list.)
  Also, I wouldn't be too sure that the email you receive from
toad.com accurately reflects what is being posted to each list.
There are some funny things going on between 'incoming' and
'outgoing', and some of them are designed to make the process
obtuse, and hard to follow.
  Try deleting the irrelevant parts before printing out the parts about
seeing Nurdane naked. That will save you time, and get you to the
bathroom quicker.
  I think that you are being overly kind, once again, in suggesting that there really is a 'policy'. It's more like a crapshoot (pardon
the pun), where the spots on the dice change at his personal whim.

@_date: 1997-01-30 15:57:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: uae_1.html 
Think of the possibility of satellite-fed 'roving' InterNet sites.
  What will be the 'export' implications of sending crypto to a place
such as site.nowhere, site.somewhere, and site.intheUS-hee-hee.

@_date: 1997-01-30 20:28:20
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: David E. Smith / Known Flamer 
That seems to be a very common misunderstanding--one which will
remain without question on the censored list, since they have
chosen to remain behind the ElectroMagnetic Curtain.
  You're in a far better place to judge than those who have chosen to remain spoon-fed their world-view.
  You realize, of course, that your question is moot, since this
post of yours was already thrown in the crapper/flame-list.
  It seems that questioning the process is a 'flame'.

@_date: 1997-01-30 23:30:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Workaround for filtering/cybersitter 
Like unsubscribing Dr. Vulis.
  The cypherpunks-censored list is another example.
  No one seems to be calling Sandy's moderation overly sophisticated.

@_date: 1997-01-31 00:36:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: PGP Mail 
Does anyone know if PGP Mail works well with Netscape?
I remember hearing about some problems, but don't recall seeing
anything indicating they were fixed.

@_date: 1997-01-31 04:59:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Supporting JackBoots 
I would like to know if all of the material on your website is as
suspect as that which concerns John Gilmore.
  The current jackboot censorship of what he has now declared to be
his own private cypherpunks list has marked him as a laughable
  Is the EFF a joke, as well?

@_date: 1997-01-31 16:20:03
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Complying with the EAR [was: More Circumventing the ITAR] 
Enjoyed your post.
  The motivations underlying U.S. crypto policy are indeed
and it is always good to have a variety of well-thought out opinions as
to some of the various impetus' behind the machinations of the different
governmental departments, etc., which encompass the wide range of those
involved in setting and enforcing crypto policy.
  No matter what the original motivations or pre-conceived plans behind
the initial impetus towards the regulation of crypto, once 'policy' enters the governmental maze it takes on a life of its own, subject
to whims and vagarities of departments and individuals which reflect
a confusing kalidescope of concerns which are both parallel and tangent
to the starting vector.
  I would imagine that, 1,000 years from now, students might well be
taught that Phil Zimmerman was responsible for World War III, with the
CypherPunks bearing much of the blame, as well.
"Fighting for peace, and fucking for virginity."

@_date: 1997-01-31 16:20:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Key Security Question 
If the repairman has your pubring and secring files, you can now consider them in the same light as a 'busted flush'.
  Chances are, he has neither the capability nor the interest in popping open your deep, dark secrets. On the other hand, if he returns your computer with a 'shit-eating grin', you may be in for
a world-of-hurt.
  My advice would be for you to check your 'paranoia level' and,
if you are a quart low, then read Phil Zimmerman's PGP documentation
once again, and make your decision based on the reality of the
possibilities involved.

@_date: 1997-01-31 17:15:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: UNSCRIBE 
Your message has been received by the CypherPunks list, and we will
shortly be sending a rabbi and a surgeon to UNSCRIBE you.
  In the meantime, please try to keep your foreskin cleansed and
hygenic, in order to prevent infection.

@_date: 1997-02-01 08:26:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
God forbid that people should have to use their judgement and their
brains, rather than their overly charged emotions.

@_date: 1997-02-01 08:26:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
3.5.1 Contrary to what people sometimes claim, there is no ruling
       clique of Cypherpunks. Anybody is free to do nearly anything,
       just not free to commit others to course of action, or claim
       to speak for the "Cypherpunks" as a group (and this last
       point is unenforceable except through reputation and social
       repercussions).
3.6.3 "Why isn't the list moderated?"
      ...hardly consistent with many of our anarchist leanings, is
          it?
      - "No, please, let's not become a 'moderated' newsgroup. This
      would be the end of freedom!

@_date: 1997-02-01 08:41:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Key Security Question 
Send me your secring file. I have a new password-buster I'd like to
try out on it.
  He doesn't have to crack the cipher, he only needs to find the
  Or if he's a member of the CypherPunks list, read the message, and now
considers it to be a personal challenge.

@_date: 1997-02-01 18:26:15
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: "Secret" Postal Device stolen 
Mail carriers in some areas carry keys for buildings with security
doors (sometimes Master keys).
  Or perhaps they've taken over the CIA's crack distribution route.
  Is anyone on the list willing to 'knock off' a couple of mail
carriers and get back to us with a definitive answer on this?
 (Doesn't this kind of thing fall under the moderator's job

@_date: 1997-02-01 18:29:29
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Crypto in New Zealand - an update 
MFAT doesn't put crypto in the ovens, they just turn on the gas.
  ...or allow 'citizens' to stand in the way of politics.

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:40:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
I value Reason (big 'R'), humor (small 'h'), and A/ambiguity (take
  Anarchy is only a pause between dictators. Fascism is necessary to
us not to take freedom for granted.
  One should call for 'order' during the rein of anarchy and for
'freedom during times of Fascism.
  I have 'appeared' and/or 'come out of lurking' on the CypherPunks list
at various times since it's inception, under various personas. Few have
noticed, and fewer, still, have ever accurately described, as you have,
what I truly value about the CypherPunks--"a unique group of stray
  The CypherPunks have, over the years, weathered varying sorts of 'problems' in the development of the list, as a result of various
of Reason' prevailing in the setting the list's direction--even when
those 'voices' were diametrically opposed in their beliefs.
  What currently threatens the list, in my opinion, is not the
but the rise of a cliquish sheep-mentality and the resulting dismissal
of the opinions of people of Reason (and the opinions of 'anyone', in general, whom 'I' perceive as being on the 'other side' of an issue).
  If the day comes when I am able to file away the CypherPunks list
under this-or-that category, then I will put a tombstone in the file, as
well, and put flowers in it once a year.

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:40:52
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Libel, Times v. Sullivan 
Sounds suspiciously like Sandy's approach to 'fair' moderation, to me.
  Perhaps they author these 'letters' themselves:
  "I agree wholeheartedly with the position espoused by '60 Minutes'.
  "I don't not think maybe dat dese guys are write, nohow."
  Next thing you know, saying, "The king is fucking the queen.", is
and defamation. Go figure...

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:56:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Free & Open Society & toleration 
I have waited, with bated breath, for you to take a position which is short, concise, and well-reasoned. Well, you finally did, but you just
couldn't leave it alone, could you?
  I think that what you have written (above) is a valid and meaningful
statement of your position. I see what follows, however, as a train of
'logic' which follows a pre-defined, emotionally-charged justification
of a defensive position you have taken, as a result of a real or imagined 'slight'.
  I have followed your 'libel' thread, as rambling (and sometimes dichotomously incoherent) as it is, and I recognize that you are
passionate in your beliefs (for which I salute you), but I think
that perhaps your interests might be better served if you let
logic lead your emotions.
  If you did so, I might well hire you as my lawyer (to defend me
in your libel suit against me), since you do have a 'bulldog' sense of determination in pursing any position you take.
  The million-and-one posts you made with the results of your
search-engine research on libel only served to accentuate your
inability to fully understand the issues underlying libel and
defamation. Your own opinions regarding your thoughts and opinions regarding these same issues were much more poignant
and enlightening.
  I would hope that, in the future, you would justify your beliefs and opinions with a revelation of your own points of
logic (or illogic) rather than attempting to support them with legalese rulings which often stand on a foundation of
sand, especially under close judicial scrutiny.
  You do, indeed, raise some points that are worthy of valid
consideration, and debate, but they tend to get lost in your
excessive arguments regarding them.

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:58:06
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
"You're 'nobody', till 'somebody' loves you..."
 Everybody has their own prediliction as to what interests them, and what is 'frivilous' on the list.
 Someone, in private email, mentioned that they felt that 60% of the
posts were 'uninteresting'. I replied that this seemed to be a close
approximation of many list members' beliefs, but that, if we all
moderated/censored out 'our' 60% of 'uninteresting' posts before the list was sent out, that there would be precious little left.
  I don't know if you recognized my comment as humor, since I have
an aversion to using 'happy faces' (the result of a childhood trauma),
but I just love to poke fun at the plethora of personas on the list
who seem to believe that anything outside of their immediate scope
of interest is somehow 'unworthy' of being posted the list.
 By the way, in order to prevent this post from going to the 'flames'
list, I will NOT say that you are a low-life, scum-sucking Nazi piece
of shit. I will likewise refrain from suggesting that your mother
wears army boots, you are a child-pornographer, an imbecile, and
a pervert, or that you beat your wife and children regularly.
 By golly, I think I'm 'getting the hang of' this new, improved,
Politically Correct, nicey-nice list format.

@_date: 1997-02-02 02:13:17
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
I am not speaking of the sheep-mentality in regard to moderation or
any other single issue on the list. I am speaking of the tendency of
many list-members to fall into common ruts of thought wherein the
comments and opinions of others are auto-files as this-or-that,
and interpreted in that light, no matter what the actual content
of their messages.
 I told Attila the Hun, in private email, that when I opened his
messages, that I never knew whether to "pucker-up or duck", because
he was just as likely to chastise me as agree with me, depending
on his personal opinion of an individual post of mine.
 I regard Igor and yourself, and a number of others, in the same light. I'm reluctant to bend over and drop my pants, waiting for
you to kiss my butt, because I realize that I am just as likely to feel the sting of your toe-nailed boots instead of soft lips.
  But, under the New List Order, any strong opinion risks being
thrown in the crapper as a 'flame'.
 Yes, but there are always members to whom these treatises and
of thought are 'new', and people only notice the repetiveness when they
are, indeed, following these posts, which means that they must be getting some value out of them.
 I, too, agree that you can lead a horse to water, but a stitch in time
saves nine.
  Some of the more rambling threads are indeed the result of not
understanding that some of the clueless aren't seeking a clue, but
merely to hold on to their ignorance. But I would rather err on the side of believing that the person I am replying to is sincere
in wanting to discuss an issue in order to gain a broader understanding of it.

@_date: 1997-02-02 02:15:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Flaming Moderators 
Looks like Sam needs to be autobotted to the 'flames' list.

@_date: 1997-02-02 07:14:10
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
Hold up a mirror.   What constitutes a 'flame' seems to depend heavily on whose mouth it
comes out of. Jim Choate called me a schizophrenic, and it seemed to
be acceptable enough to make the censored list. He tends to call people "Bessie", basically saying they are a Cow, and that also
seems acceptable.
  Personally, I could care less when people want to play footsie-games
with flaming, but I think it points out the ludicrousness of having
a moderator limiting people to 'childish' insults.
  I prefer someone screaming at me what a cocksucker I am.
 Ray Hettinga forwards these long, literate missives advertising
this-or-that million dollar a plate conferences, but when he chose
to insult me with his own words, the result was an immature blathering which showed questionable literary skills.
  There are some good socio/politico posts by a variety of list members
who are highly knowlegeable about a range of topics surrounding crypto,
but they tend to come sporadically.
  I suppose that this is because they actually have real lives.
  I suppose that Sandy might nominate me, just for the pleasure of sitting back and enjoying the flood of, "A Vote of FUCK OFF for Toto"
  It would be nice, however, to try to twist the rest of the list
around to my own world-view. It gets lonely here in the 'rubber room'
at the Home, and I could use some company.

@_date: 1997-02-14 08:11:03
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Fuck UseNet 
So, basically, you're saying that the flight from censorship should
be toward a new CypherPunk 'home' where one is effectively censored
automatically unless one kisses the ass of a Cabal?

@_date: 1997-02-17 17:44:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Anyone have the complete info on CP list alternatives? 
I have subscribed to Igor's cypherpunks
  Jim Choate and Lance Cottrel (?) are participating with Igor and
others in maintaining continuity of the list, to my understanding.
  They all seem to be moving toward maintaining a distributed list
which will ensure both continuity and integrity. I would suggest joining one or the other list and then, once the 'dust' has settled, taking steps to verify that whatever list you are subscribed to is operating in such a way as to ensure that there
are no shenanigans going on in the background.
  I, for one, am content to give the new list distributors the benefit of the doubt if there are anomalies in the new system,
given the haste in which they must initiate a new distributed
mailing list system.
  On the other hand, they may all be godless communists, seeking
to twist our fragile minds to do their bidding. (Much like myself)

@_date: 1997-02-18 22:41:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: John Who? / WAS--Re: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from 
I certainly hope that the lack of posts expressing gratitude to John
Gilmore for his maintenance of the CypherPunks list on toad.com for all
these years is merely because those who have benefitted from his efforts
are expressing their thanks via private email to him.
  Certainly, as Igor has indicated, he did not just sit on his butt
playing with Little Peter while 'the machine' ran itself and provided
the CypherPunks with a home for both rational discourse and mad
  There are quite a few people, ranging from long-term members to
passers-by who have had their horizons broadened by the list, and I
would hope that they are appreciative of the fact that the mechanics
of bits and bytes underlying the distribution of our grand soliloquys
came at the expense of a considerable portion of his own time and
  I know that I am.

@_date: 1997-02-14 15:41:30
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Fuck UseNet 
Toto  reminds me while I've killfiled him:
Yup. You're begging resources, deal with it. We didn't kiss John
Gillmore's ass, and he decided that he was tired of the shit and
stopped letting us squat on his land. If we were paying him for the
use of toad, he maybe wouldn't have the right to yank it so suddenly,
but we weren't, so it's his call. Same with usenet. The "cabal" has
high reputation capital. News admins the world over trust them. One
might say that they deserve the respect they get, but that is
immaterial to the discussion. the fact is that people who donate
resources to usenet trust the cabal.
Unless you have a contractual relationship, you're begging, and you
have to convince your benefactors to give you stuff. If you have a
different model for a world economy, feel free to post it. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole
PS. Of course, the cabal didn't rmgroup alt.cypherpunks, thus showing
that they do have some good sence yet.

@_date: 1997-02-16 14:40:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: 'Jim Beam' me up, Scotty! 
scribve cypherpunks-thenextgeneration "Dr. Spook" <6UALDV8

@_date: 1997-02-18 07:41:24
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Drose / You're a fucking idiot! 
I generally try to be fairly civil in my postings, and refrain from
personal insults, but I will make an exception, here.
  So listen up, shit-for-brains, and I will try to explain a few concepts
that you seem to be too dim-witted to understand.
  I am a CypherPunk.
  I have a  key, and I know how to use it.
  When my personal account is subjected to spam-attacks and unwanted
subscriptions to a multitude of lists, I deal with it. I don't make
baseless accusations against others based on their perceived public
reputation, or my own subjective perception of their reputation
  I am not just a CypherPunk, I am also an adult.
  I take responsibility for my own actions, and I keep those actions
within the bounds of what I perceive to be acceptable ethics and
personal integrity.
  If you think that I am responsible for this-or-that action in regard
to yourself, then all you have to do is ask me, and I will tell you. I
don't make any bones about my beliefs and views, and I don't have any
problem with others opposing my beliefs and views.
  When I launch an attack on someone, right or wrong, it is a frontal
assault, not a hidden one. When I post anonymously to the list, or
send anonymous email, I do not use remailers, in order that anyone
with the will and wit to do so may easily discern my pseudonyms through
the headers and use of the 'trace' command.
  If you think that I am the source of your problems, then you are a
fucking idiot.
  I have no idea who you are, and can only vaguely recall the content
or context of your past posts to the list. As such, I would certainly
have little motivation for lifting even my little pinkie against you
in a conspiratorial attack on you.
  I would suggest that the only 'fixations' involved between you and
myself are coming from your end of the electromagnetic spectrum. I would
also suggest that you get your head out of your electromagnetic rectum.

@_date: 1997-02-10 21:38:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: [Fwd: FWD Adm Humor] 
Resent-Date: Mon, 10 Feb 1997 18:44:02 EST
Resent-From: Resent-Message-Id: <199702102230.RAA16773
Resent-To: toto
Sender: owner-rt
---------- Forwarded message ----------
Subj:	Administratiave Humor
           From: adr016 ("Curt Denny")
The heaviest element known to science was recently discovered by GM
Research physicists.  The element, tentatively named Administratium, has
no protons or electrons and thus has an atomic number of zero.  However,
it does have one neutron, 125 assistant neutrons, 75 vice neutrons, and
111 assistant vice neutrons.  This gives it an atomic number of 312. These particles are held together by a force that involves the
continuous exchange of meson-like particles known as morons.
Since it has no electrons, Administratium is inert.  However, it can be
detected chemically because it impedes every reaction it comes in
contact with.  According to the discoverers, a minute amount of
Administratium caused one reaction to take four days to complete when it
would have normally occurred in less than one second.  Administratium
has a normal half-life of approximately three years, at which time it
does not actually decay, but instead undergoes a reorganization in which
assistant neutrons exchange places.  Some studies have shown that the
atomic mass actually increases after each organization.
Research at other laboratories indicates that Administratium occurs
naturally in the atmosphere.  It tends to concentrate at certain points
such as government agencies, large corporations and universities, and
can usually be found in the newest, best appointed and best maintained
Scientists point out that Administratium is known to be toxic at any
detectable level of concentratitroy any productive
reaction where it is allowed to accumulate.  Attempts are being made to
determine how Administratium can be controlled to prevent irreversible
damage, but results to date are not promising.                                Check us out at:
                                "There is no limit to the amount of good that people can accomplish if they don't care who gets the credit!"
Curtis L. Denny
College of Lake County
Director of Admission and Records
19351 West Washington Street
Grayslake, IL 60030-1198
Phone:  (847) 223-6601, Ext. 2384
Fax:    (847) 223-1017
E-Mail:  CurtDenny

@_date: 1997-02-14 07:32:10
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Fuck UseNet 
So, basically, you're saying that the flight from censorship should
be toward a new CypherPunk 'home' where one is effectively censored
automatically unless one kisses the ass of a Cabal?

@_date: 1997-02-14 10:51:40
@_author: Jeremiah A Blatz 
@_subject: Re: Fuck UseNet 
Toto  reminds me while I've killfiled him:
Yup. You're begging resources, deal with it. We didn't kiss John
Gillmore's ass, and he decided that he was tired of the shit and
stopped letting us squat on his land. If we were paying him for the
use of toad, he maybe wouldn't have the right to yank it so suddenly,
but we weren't, so it's his call. Same with usenet. The "cabal" has
high reputation capital. News admins the world over trust them. One
might say that they deserve the respect they get, but that is
immaterial to the discussion. the fact is that people who donate
resources to usenet trust the cabal.
Unless you have a contractual relationship, you're begging, and you
have to convince your benefactors to give you stuff. If you have a
different model for a world economy, feel free to post it. "standing on top of the world/ never knew how you never could/ never knew
 why you never could live/ innocent life that everyone did" -Wormhole
PS. Of course, the cabal didn't rmgroup alt.cypherpunks, thus showing
that they do have some good sence yet.

@_date: 1997-02-16 11:46:52
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: 'Jim Beam' me up, Scotty! 
scribve cypherpunks-thenextgeneration "Dr. Spook" <6UALDV8

@_date: 1997-02-17 16:30:22
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Anyone have the complete info on CP list alternatives? 
I have subscribed to Igor's cypherpunks
  Jim Choate and Lance Cottrel (?) are participating with Igor and
others in maintaining continuity of the list, to my understanding.
  They all seem to be moving toward maintaining a distributed list
which will ensure both continuity and integrity. I would suggest joining one or the other list and then, once the 'dust' has settled, taking steps to verify that whatever list you are subscribed to is operating in such a way as to ensure that there
are no shenanigans going on in the background.
  I, for one, am content to give the new list distributors the benefit of the doubt if there are anomalies in the new system,
given the haste in which they must initiate a new distributed
mailing list system.
  On the other hand, they may all be godless communists, seeking
to twist our fragile minds to do their bidding. (Much like myself)

@_date: 1997-02-18 06:57:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Drose / You're a fucking idiot! 
I generally try to be fairly civil in my postings, and refrain from
personal insults, but I will make an exception, here.
  So listen up, shit-for-brains, and I will try to explain a few concepts
that you seem to be too dim-witted to understand.
  I am a CypherPunk.
  I have a  key, and I know how to use it.
  When my personal account is subjected to spam-attacks and unwanted
subscriptions to a multitude of lists, I deal with it. I don't make
baseless accusations against others based on their perceived public
reputation, or my own subjective perception of their reputation
  I am not just a CypherPunk, I am also an adult.
  I take responsibility for my own actions, and I keep those actions
within the bounds of what I perceive to be acceptable ethics and
personal integrity.
  If you think that I am responsible for this-or-that action in regard
to yourself, then all you have to do is ask me, and I will tell you. I
don't make any bones about my beliefs and views, and I don't have any
problem with others opposing my beliefs and views.
  When I launch an attack on someone, right or wrong, it is a frontal
assault, not a hidden one. When I post anonymously to the list, or
send anonymous email, I do not use remailers, in order that anyone
with the will and wit to do so may easily discern my pseudonyms through
the headers and use of the 'trace' command.
  If you think that I am the source of your problems, then you are a
fucking idiot.
  I have no idea who you are, and can only vaguely recall the content
or context of your past posts to the list. As such, I would certainly
have little motivation for lifting even my little pinkie against you
in a conspiratorial attack on you.
  I would suggest that the only 'fixations' involved between you and
myself are coming from your end of the electromagnetic spectrum. I would
also suggest that you get your head out of your electromagnetic rectum.

@_date: 1997-02-18 21:49:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: John Who? / WAS--Re: [Declan McCullagh: "A List Goes Down In Flames," from 
I certainly hope that the lack of posts expressing gratitude to John
Gilmore for his maintenance of the CypherPunks list on toad.com for all
these years is merely because those who have benefitted from his efforts
are expressing their thanks via private email to him.
  Certainly, as Igor has indicated, he did not just sit on his butt
playing with Little Peter while 'the machine' ran itself and provided
the CypherPunks with a home for both rational discourse and mad
  There are quite a few people, ranging from long-term members to
passers-by who have had their horizons broadened by the list, and I
would hope that they are appreciative of the fact that the mechanics
of bits and bytes underlying the distribution of our grand soliloquys
came at the expense of a considerable portion of his own time and
  I know that I am.

@_date: 1997-02-22 12:57:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: DES Crack Hype 
I didn't get a rogue client. I got a client off of your ftp server.
And I have no idea what it is doing.
  Is it doing the kind of math that cracks encryption? Or the kind of that fucks up hard-drives and operating systems?
  It seems to like to access the hard drive for two solid minutes for no
apparent reason while it is connected to your server and, according to
the message, "sleeping." A lot of things can be done in two minutes of
access to a hard drive.
  I can appreciate that you seem to have been playing in the backyard
with friends when the whole neighborhood decided to show up and play
with you, but you should realize that if you are serious about gaining
enough support to take your best shot at the DES Crack, that you will
have to provide strangers with enough info to feel comfortable about
running your software on their machines and those of their employers,
  Some of my readers have sent me email asking if they should be concerned about running this-or-that software on their business
boxes, and I tell them, "You should be concerned about everything
you run on your business machine."
   "It's uh, doing some math or something..." isn't a very good basis
for people to run the software on a few million bucks worth of hardware.
  I don't think it is a waste of bandwith to question whether people
should feel comfortable downloading and running applications which
provide neither source code nor documentation that can be used to
judge the competence and/or integrity of those producing it.
  Yet you still call me a fucking retard for wanting to be able
to verify that your software isn't going to turn my machine into
a toaster?
  This doesn't matter for shit if you have nothing in place to provide
info in this regard for those participating in your group effort.
  Since my efforts have led to me finding out that I have a "bum client",
the bandwidth is serving my purpose very well.
  Does this include us 'retards' who are 'wasting bandwidth'?
  I am sure that you all are taking great pains to develop the best
possible software for this endeavor, but unless you take care of the
'information' end of the spectrum, you will lose the participation of
those people who require a certain level of assurance that your softare meets a decent standard of competence, and that someone is
actually in charge and paying attention.

@_date: 1997-02-25 20:05:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: DES search publicity (was Re: Cryptanalysis) 
Lies, lies. The correct URL is:
(unless you are a drug-pushing, child-molesting terrorist, in which case I, too, am lying)

@_date: 1997-02-26 09:21:13
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sampler: February 26 
======================================================
  Wrote Peter Chippindale in the United Kingdom's New
 Statesman: "A good police force is one which catches more
 criminals than it employs."

@_date: 1997-02-27 16:35:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: SigFile 
And this precious gem came from mark green.
            ,@ __|-.
       ,_~o/   \/  |    Through the router, off the switch,
/        |    down the cable, nothing but net.
        / >        |
       '  `        |                   The  slam dunk
 __________________|

@_date: 1997-02-27 17:38:25
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: 128_bit 
I sent these guys an email a week or so ago suggesting that if their algorithm was as good as their advertising, then it must indeed
be a magnificent product, since their advertising is able to magically
turn 40-bit encryption into 128-bit encryption.
  They sent me back an email thanking me for supporting their product.

@_date: 1997-02-27 17:38:34
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Strange Looks 
Subject:     new regulations
 Sent:        2/25/97 11:31 PM
 Received:    2/25/97 3:49 PM
 From:        Ken Wallace, kwallace
 To:          larry
 TO ALL EMPLOYEES
It has been brought to the management's attention that some individuals
have been using foul language in the course of normal conversation
between employees.  Due to complaints from some more easily offended
workers, this conduct will no longer be tolerated.
The management does, however, realize the importance of each person
being able to properly express their feelings when communicating with
their fellow employees.  Therefore the management has compiled the
following code phrases, so that the proper exchange of ideas and
information can continue.
Old Phrase                            New Phrase
----------                            ----------
No fucking way                         I'm not certain that's feasible.
You've got to be shitting me           Really?
Tell someone who gives a fuck          Perhaps you should check with ...
Ask me if I give a fuck                Of course I'm concerned.
It's not my fucking problem            I wasn't involved in that
What the fuck?                         Interesting behavior.
Fuck it, it won't work                 I'm not sure I can implement
Why the fuck didn't you tell me        I'll try to schedule that.
  that sooner?
When the fuck do you expect me to      Perhaps I can work late.
  do this?
Who the fuck cares?                   Are you sure it's a problem?
He's got his head up his ass          He's not familiar with that
Eat shit                              You don't say.
Eat shit and die                      Excuse me?
Eat shit and die motherfucker         Excuse me, sir?
What the fuck do they want from me    They weren't happy with it?
Kiss my ass                           So you'd like help with it?
Fuck it.  I'm on salary               I'm a bit overloaded at the
Shove it up your ass                  I don't think you understand.
This job sucks                        I love a challenge.
Who the hell died and made you boss   You want me to take care of this?
Blow me                               I see.
Blow yourself                         Do you see?
Another fucking meeting               Yes, we should discuss this.
I really don't give a shit            I don't think it will be a
Fuck you                              How nice.  How very nice!

@_date: 1997-02-28 00:33:27
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Clipper Chip Banking 
The main benefit of the proposed Sadia system is that it will
allow the President to do his banking while nuking the commies.
  Sound reasonable to me.

@_date: 1997-02-28 13:26:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Senate spams 
How long are you and your bum-buddies at C2Nut going to continue to
try to denigrate god-and-everybody by making out-of-context links to
Dr. Vulis? Is Senator McCarthy alive and well at C2Nut?
  Whining? Suggestions?
  I'm 'flaming' shit-for-brains, and I'm working from the fact sheets.
  Fact: Sammy's pecker-tracks are all over the attempted takeover of
the CypherPunks list.
  Fact: John Gilmore turned over control of the CypherPunks list at toad.com to C2Nut employee Sandy Sandfort, under the pretext of cutting down on mailbomb attacks.
  Fact: List subscribers were forcibly relocated to a list Censored
by C2Nut employee Sandy Sandfort.
  Fact: C2Nut employee Sandy Sandfort then proceeded to Censor the
posts to the CypherPunks list in an attempt to blunt criticism of
the takeover of the list.
  Fact: C2Nut employee Sandy Sandfort announced that his Censorship
of the CypherPunks list was not based on cryptographical content.
  Fact: Sandy Sandfort approved posts to the Censored list that insulted
those who criticized him, while deleting the posts of those who
to those insults.
  Fact: C2Nut employee Sandy Sandfort deleted incoming CypherPunks posts directly, sending them to none of the lists, if they reflected
poorly on his employer, fellow employees, and his supporters.
  Fact: Under C2Nut employee Sandy Sandfort's list dictatorship, many
of the so-called 'Evil Dr. Vulis ASCII' spams originated directly from toad.com, with forged headers. Others originated from the ISP's
of C2Net employees.
  Fact: C2Nut's Sameer controls cypherpunks.com on the WWW.
  Fact: C2Nut stands to profit from having control of the CypherPunks
  Fact: C2Nut's employees were, and are, working in conjunction with others who have major financial interests that will benefit from control of the CypherPunks reputation capital.
  Fact: C2Nut and their employees apply threats of legal attack, both
directly and indirectly, to those whose words conflict with the goals
of C2Nut and their web of associated interests.
  Fact: If C2Nut wants the hidden agendas of themselves and their
associates to remain hidden, then they need better firewalls in place.
  Better to have Scotch in my mouth than my employer's sperm. And I doubt whether your butt is much of a challenge.

@_date: 1997-02-28 17:27:17
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Depends / Re: Senate spams 
Only asinine, dip-shit numbskulls would be capable of making this
  Why am I not surprised it came from Greg?
  More DoubleSpeak transposing the issues of Spam and content.
  No we're not, Greg. _You_ seem to be the only one speaking of
based on personality, agendas and content. (Try to keep in mind that the
thoughts and words of others are no longer being censored by your   Toto is calling Greg a lying fuck who deliberately disseminates misinformation as to the stances taken by others.   Greg seem to have taken it upon himself to provide a misinterpretation
of the posts of others, even though those posts are available for people
to read for themselves, making their own judgements as to what they say.
  I have maintained from the beginning that there needs to be a
list which is free from filtering in any way, shape or form.
  I have also maintained that the interests of crypto would also be
by the maintenance of lists which offer filtering services by those who
wish to provide them--even a CypherPunks-NoToto list.
  Anyone who read my post to Igor, suggesting that I would have no
with him intercepting autobot-replies that result from mailbomb attacks,
also knows that I suggested even the empty spam-messages being deleted
should be stored where they are open to scrutiny, and that I, for one,
would indeed be scrutinizing them.
  For Greg to purport that the interception of mail-bomb attacks equates
somehow to content/personality censorship is unmitigated bullshit aimed
at the dim-witted (of which I believe there are very few of on any of
the CypherPunks lists).
  If Greg would like to put forth a logical train of thought which
the interception of empty auto-bot messages generated in response to the
forged posts of a mailbomb attack with Sandy's fascist censorship
(which Greg eloquently described, but misdirected their source), then I
would like to see it.
  Who is doing this, Greg? Name names. Give us an example of who is
this and pretending not to do it. Why are your claims so vague?

@_date: 1997-02-28 17:50:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
Does any condom over 6" fall under the category, 'Munitions'?

@_date: 1997-02-01 00:58:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: David E. Smith / Known Flamer 
I got private email from someone who has read most of your posts, and
expressed confusion over 'whose side' you are 'on' in relation to the
censored debate in regard to list censorship.
 I had to laugh, because the sad truth is, there are all too many people
who seem unable to understand the concept of someone who is quite simply
on the 'side' of 'truth', as much as humanly possible.
 I explained to him that you weren't 'fence hopping', but merely sitting
on your own fence, observing, while everyone else runs around in
 Please stay 'confusing'.

@_date: 1997-02-01 01:21:51
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Libel & the 1st Amendment 
God forbid that people should have to use their judgement and their
brains, rather than their overly charged emotions.

@_date: 1997-02-01 01:45:26
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
3.5.1 Contrary to what people sometimes claim, there is no ruling
       clique of Cypherpunks. Anybody is free to do nearly anything,
       just not free to commit others to course of action, or claim
       to speak for the "Cypherpunks" as a group (and this last
       point is unenforceable except through reputation and social
       repercussions).
3.6.3 "Why isn't the list moderated?"
      ...hardly consistent with many of our anarchist leanings, is
          it?
      - "No, please, let's not become a 'moderated' newsgroup. This
      would be the end of freedom!

@_date: 1997-02-01 04:21:33
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Key Security Question 
Send me your secring file. I have a new password-buster I'd like to
try out on it.
  He doesn't have to crack the cipher, he only needs to find the
  Or if he's a member of the CypherPunks list, read the message, and now
considers it to be a personal challenge.

@_date: 1997-02-01 17:25:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: "Secret" Postal Device stolen 
Mail carriers in some areas carry keys for buildings with security
doors (sometimes Master keys).
  Or perhaps they've taken over the CIA's crack distribution route.
  Is anyone on the list willing to 'knock off' a couple of mail
carriers and get back to us with a definitive answer on this?
 (Doesn't this kind of thing fall under the moderator's job

@_date: 1997-02-01 17:26:05
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Crypto in New Zealand - an update 
MFAT doesn't put crypto in the ovens, they just turn on the gas.
  ...or allow 'citizens' to stand in the way of politics.

@_date: 1997-02-01 18:22:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
I also thing that the other list members involved in this thread are
'nobodies', but I was too polite to say anything.
  I agree. He just strips down to his badge, but never 'comes across'.

@_date: 1997-02-01 20:00:16
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
I value Reason (big 'R'), humor (small 'h'), and A/ambiguity (take
  Anarchy is only a pause between dictators. Fascism is necessary to
us not to take freedom for granted.
  One should call for 'order' during the rein of anarchy and for
'freedom during times of Fascism.
  I have 'appeared' and/or 'come out of lurking' on the CypherPunks list
at various times since it's inception, under various personas. Few have
noticed, and fewer, still, have ever accurately described, as you have,
what I truly value about the CypherPunks--"a unique group of stray
  The CypherPunks have, over the years, weathered varying sorts of 'problems' in the development of the list, as a result of various
of Reason' prevailing in the setting the list's direction--even when
those 'voices' were diametrically opposed in their beliefs.
  What currently threatens the list, in my opinion, is not the
but the rise of a cliquish sheep-mentality and the resulting dismissal
of the opinions of people of Reason (and the opinions of 'anyone', in general, whom 'I' perceive as being on the 'other side' of an issue).
  If the day comes when I am able to file away the CypherPunks list
under this-or-that category, then I will put a tombstone in the file, as
well, and put flowers in it once a year.

@_date: 1997-02-01 20:34:10
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Libel, Times v. Sullivan 
Sounds suspiciously like Sandy's approach to 'fair' moderation, to me.
  Perhaps they author these 'letters' themselves:
  "I agree wholeheartedly with the position espoused by '60 Minutes'.
  "I don't not think maybe dat dese guys are write, nohow."
  Next thing you know, saying, "The king is fucking the queen.", is
and defamation. Go figure...

@_date: 1997-02-01 21:17:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Free & Open Society & toleration 
I have waited, with bated breath, for you to take a position which is short, concise, and well-reasoned. Well, you finally did, but you just
couldn't leave it alone, could you?
  I think that what you have written (above) is a valid and meaningful
statement of your position. I see what follows, however, as a train of
'logic' which follows a pre-defined, emotionally-charged justification
of a defensive position you have taken, as a result of a real or imagined 'slight'.
  I have followed your 'libel' thread, as rambling (and sometimes dichotomously incoherent) as it is, and I recognize that you are
passionate in your beliefs (for which I salute you), but I think
that perhaps your interests might be better served if you let
logic lead your emotions.
  If you did so, I might well hire you as my lawyer (to defend me
in your libel suit against me), since you do have a 'bulldog' sense of determination in pursing any position you take.
  The million-and-one posts you made with the results of your
search-engine research on libel only served to accentuate your
inability to fully understand the issues underlying libel and
defamation. Your own opinions regarding your thoughts and opinions regarding these same issues were much more poignant
and enlightening.
  I would hope that, in the future, you would justify your beliefs and opinions with a revelation of your own points of
logic (or illogic) rather than attempting to support them with legalese rulings which often stand on a foundation of
sand, especially under close judicial scrutiny.
  You do, indeed, raise some points that are worthy of valid
consideration, and debate, but they tend to get lost in your
excessive arguments regarding them.

@_date: 1997-02-01 21:43:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fighting the cybercensor 
"You're 'nobody', till 'somebody' loves you..."
 Everybody has their own prediliction as to what interests them, and what is 'frivilous' on the list.
 Someone, in private email, mentioned that they felt that 60% of the
posts were 'uninteresting'. I replied that this seemed to be a close
approximation of many list members' beliefs, but that, if we all
moderated/censored out 'our' 60% of 'uninteresting' posts before the list was sent out, that there would be precious little left.
  I don't know if you recognized my comment as humor, since I have
an aversion to using 'happy faces' (the result of a childhood trauma),
but I just love to poke fun at the plethora of personas on the list
who seem to believe that anything outside of their immediate scope
of interest is somehow 'unworthy' of being posted the list.
 By the way, in order to prevent this post from going to the 'flames'
list, I will NOT say that you are a low-life, scum-sucking Nazi piece
of shit. I will likewise refrain from suggesting that your mother
wears army boots, you are a child-pornographer, an imbecile, and
a pervert, or that you beat your wife and children regularly.
 By golly, I think I'm 'getting the hang of' this new, improved,
Politically Correct, nicey-nice list format.

@_date: 1997-02-01 23:17:35
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
I am not speaking of the sheep-mentality in regard to moderation or
any other single issue on the list. I am speaking of the tendency of
many list-members to fall into common ruts of thought wherein the
comments and opinions of others are auto-files as this-or-that,
and interpreted in that light, no matter what the actual content
of their messages.
 I told Attila the Hun, in private email, that when I opened his
messages, that I never knew whether to "pucker-up or duck", because
he was just as likely to chastise me as agree with me, depending
on his personal opinion of an individual post of mine.
 I regard Igor and yourself, and a number of others, in the same light. I'm reluctant to bend over and drop my pants, waiting for
you to kiss my butt, because I realize that I am just as likely to feel the sting of your toe-nailed boots instead of soft lips.
  But, under the New List Order, any strong opinion risks being
thrown in the crapper as a 'flame'.
 Yes, but there are always members to whom these treatises and
of thought are 'new', and people only notice the repetiveness when they
are, indeed, following these posts, which means that they must be getting some value out of them.
 I, too, agree that you can lead a horse to water, but a stitch in time
saves nine.
  Some of the more rambling threads are indeed the result of not
understanding that some of the clueless aren't seeking a clue, but
merely to hold on to their ignorance. But I would rather err on the side of believing that the person I am replying to is sincere
in wanting to discuss an issue in order to gain a broader understanding of it.

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:07:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Flaming Moderators 
Looks like Sam needs to be autobotted to the 'flames' list.

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:46:03
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: New Member Registration 
Yup, the password worked for me, OK.
 Did it work for everyone else?

@_date: 1997-02-02 01:45:56
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [GSM] Hardening mailing lists against spam attacks 
This guy keeps forgetting to add 'crypto-relevant' to
his headings. No wonder they go to 'flames'.

@_date: 1997-02-02 02:34:15
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Cyphernomicon by Tim May 
Hold up a mirror.   What constitutes a 'flame' seems to depend heavily on whose mouth it
comes out of. Jim Choate called me a schizophrenic, and it seemed to
be acceptable enough to make the censored list. He tends to call people "Bessie", basically saying they are a Cow, and that also
seems acceptable.
  Personally, I could care less when people want to play footsie-games
with flaming, but I think it points out the ludicrousness of having
a moderator limiting people to 'childish' insults.
  I prefer someone screaming at me what a cocksucker I am.
 Ray Hettinga forwards these long, literate missives advertising
this-or-that million dollar a plate conferences, but when he chose
to insult me with his own words, the result was an immature blathering which showed questionable literary skills.
  There are some good socio/politico posts by a variety of list members
who are highly knowlegeable about a range of topics surrounding crypto,
but they tend to come sporadically.
  I suppose that this is because they actually have real lives.
  I suppose that Sandy might nominate me, just for the pleasure of sitting back and enjoying the flood of, "A Vote of FUCK OFF for Toto"
  It would be nice, however, to try to twist the rest of the list
around to my own world-view. It gets lonely here in the 'rubber room'
at the Home, and I could use some company.

@_date: 1997-02-28 23:44:58
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: "Suspected of purchasing diesel fuel" 
I visited your "Hack Crack and Preak" page, and I'm sure that you are
indeed a real 'Preak', not just another phony who claims to be a
I had an East Indian friend who thought most everyone was a real
  Speaking of which, I noticed that you had a pointer to "The Official
Cypherpunks Home Page."   Thanks for the pointer, I certainly found it enlightening. Up until now, I didn't realize that Sammeer was the head CypherPunk, and the
official host of our homepage.
  It certainly makes me feel foolish for disputing his right to have his
employees control the CypherPunks list and throw my posts in the
  Silly me.

@_date: 1997-03-02 00:34:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Depends / Re: Senate spams 
Simple enough.   Snow stated:
"given that there are [many some a-few] messages being sent to this list
are sent by non-human entities (bots, auto-replies, bounces etc.) is
a way to avoid propigating them."
  Which Greg extrapolated to suggest:
"Will you count Raph's remailer statistics as "machine generated" and
exclude them, too?"
  Which I suppose could be taken to yet another level of extrapolation
by asking the question,
"Will you count cc:'d messages as 'machine generated' and exclude them,
  After which it could be further extrapolated to ask,
"Will you count posts composed on computers as being 'machine generated'
and exclude them, too?"
  Greg, in his typical muddying of the waters, tries to twist the
of others around to the extent that, if one followed Greg's logic to its
conclusion, one might believe snow is of the opinion that the "Welcome
to Cypherpunks" message should be deleted because it is auto-generated.
  If this is, indeed, the case, then I would expect snow would explain his reasons for thinking thusly.
  Once again, you are self-servingly using the C2nsorship definition of
spam, which is not common to any of the anti-spam forums that I follow.
  Of course content must be taken into consideration, even in the case
of auto-generated messages.
  Auto-generated messages, such as remailer information, can be on-topic
for the list. As far as I am concerned, posts by list subscribers cannot
possibly be off-topic, since it is up to the subscribers to decide what
they consider to be a suitable topic for the list.
  Another misrepresentation on your part.
  All moderation/censorship is based on content. I have always maintained, however, that a rational person is capable of looking
at the content, source, and destinations of a post and determining
if it is shotgun-spawned crapola and/or a mailbombing or denial
of service attack.
  Well, you certainly didn't see it on the CypherPunks list. What was seen there was a fascist takeover of the list by a dictator who
posts he and his employer personally disliked to the flames list.
  Try including specific quotes, Greg, even if they are out-of-context.
  Not just because you were blowing smoke?
  Never let it be said that I am one to let bad taste (pardon the pun)
in the way of a cheap shot.
  And I do explain why I think you are not only wrong, but purposely attempting to misrepresent the stances taken by others.
  I will reiterate that I am of the belief that there should always be
a completely unmoderated, uncensored CypherPunks list, and that
filtered lists, should be merely a conjunction to that list, in the interests of spreading information regarding strong crypto in the
widest possible manner.

@_date: 1997-03-02 17:24:17
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Depends / Re: Senate spams 
[snip--left nut]
  If I post missives misinterpreting your own words and intentions, then
you may no doubt be seen as a hypocrite to the gullible, or to those who
choose to limit their world view by reading my posts and killfiling
yours. In either case, I don't think this is a reason for you to lose
a lot of sleep.
  To have this option seemed to me to be an area of common agreement among CypherPunks list subscribers at the time of the 'Laker's fans named Bubba' mailboming of the list via forged subscriptions to a sports forum.
  The attempts to label, as hypocrites, those who thereafter complained
about the fascist measures taken by self-appointed list saviors, are
nothing more than anal-retentive smoke blowing.
  I have an efficient ISP provider and can, for a reasonable price, not
worry about excessive download time, etc.
  The real-world reality is that there are those for whom paying to download the results of mailbomb attacks constitutes a denial of service
to them. There are undoubtedly also others whose financial and personal
time constraints may make a filtered version of the list attractive to
them, and thus lead to them retaining their interest in crypto issues,
instead of losing interest.
  I have not seen any of the anti-censorship elements in the CypherPunks
suggest that there should not be alternatives available for those whose
personal needs and/or interests are better served by various methods of
filtering. To attempt to force UCE/Spam on those ill-equipped to deal with it serves no purpose other than to lessen the number of people who
will have information in regard to the issues surrounding strong crypto.
  Igor has implemented spam-attack measures, and has been
in both revealing these measures and asking for opinions in regard to
his actions and proposals.
  I do not anticipate Igor resorting to furtive methodologies in self-
servingly manipulating posts but, at the same time, I monitor what is
going on in the background of the various lists. I regard 'trust' as something that should be undertaken with one's eyes open, just the
  Thankfully, the CypherPunks list will likely never lack for paranoid
subscribers to raise warning flags whenever nefarious activities take
place in regard to the list (or when the computer 'burps', either).
  It is up to the individual subscriber to separate the realities from
the delusions. (I myself count on the space aliens to provide me with
advice and support from the messages I receive from them when the Scotch I drink shorts out the spaces between the mercury fillings in
my teeth. You may have a different method.)

@_date: 1997-03-02 17:57:35
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Pro-CODE Crypto Bill 
As long as Senator Charlie McCarthy is heading the committee, then I
can't foresee any problems.
  (But, for the record, I do not know Alan Olsen, and have never been
associated with him personally, or member of any group with which he is
  Excuse me, I hear a pounding on the door...

@_date: 1997-03-02 19:18:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: DES Challenge / Who'da Thunk It? 
It seems that all of the efforts to meet the DES Challenge are being
sabotaged on one level or another.
The des-challenge group have never been able to fly on more
than one wing. The New Media Laboratories effort has been plagued by
rogue clients and its participants being subjected to varieties of interference/trojan-horses. Peter Trei's software has been appearing
on international servers, with bugs which don't match those in the
original source code. Pointers to BryDES software have turned out to
be misdirected, in many cases.
  I suspect that if the 'New Coke' had hired RSA's people, that we would
all be drinking their 'imitation Pepsi' product, instead of 'Classic Coke', as God intended us to do.
  Crayola had the foresight to call upon RSA's expertise, and, as a
result, the wool was pulled over the public's eyes and they came to
accept the 'new' colors, even though they are part of the 'plot'
against the Visual Illuminatti.
  Perhaps these new revelations will lead to people taking my posts to
this list more seriously in the future.

@_date: 1997-03-02 23:25:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Depends / Re: Senate spams 
I'd like to see a show of hands to see how many list members have received any posts from nancy.net/sally.net/conentric.net that they
didn't personally delete without reading.
  These people don't seem to realize that the CypherPunks aren't interested in finding out how to "Make Big $$$ At Home, Licking Your
Own Dick", because we do it anyway, without any expectations other than our own, personal reward.
  I do find snow's post rather embarassing, however, since I just sent an email asking mailer-daemon to marry me.
  It's bad enough being rejected, but being auto-rejected really cuts
to the bone.

@_date: 1997-03-05 09:32:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft Authenticode key security 
Bob fails to mention, however, that, as a backup system, the keys are also written on pieces of masking tape attached to the underside of
his keyboard.

@_date: 1997-03-05 23:23:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: truth (lack thereof) and the press 
Think how much greater the threat would be if the U.S. was actually
run by the voters.

@_date: 1997-03-05 23:23:15
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: EU-FBI Wiretap Pact and CALEA (Digital Telephony) 
When one begins adding up all of the ways in which the country is being regulated and legislated 'outside' of the influence of the voters,
then it becomes apparent that we acually live in a demon-mockracy.
  It makes for great news when some 'little guy' manages to 'slip one
by' Big Brother, but the reality is that the court system is ruled by
money and power.
  As in the example stated above, much of the legislation proffered by
those elected bears little resemblence to issues that are of genuine
concern to the electorate.
  Any issues that the government can't ramrod through using the methods
above become matters of 'National Security'. The 'law of the land' then
ceases to apply, as 'Emergecy Measures' and secretive regulatory
write the law with no voting and a single stroke of the pen.
  The government even has the power to negate the ability of the
or group to act in their own interest simply by making laws and
vague and/or complicated enough that it is unfeasible to act simply
of the time, energy, and funds required to do so--not to mention the
  Through use of regulatory approval, or witholding of such, the
has the ability to influence the fast-moving course of various areas of
technology. Does anyone here want to make large investments in a product
that they 'may or may not' be able to sell?
  This forum has members in all areas of expertise surrounding crypto
but can anyone state, unequivocally, all of the finer points surrounding
legislation, regulation, etc., in this area? (Even if you think you
legally do this-or-that, are you going to do so if told by the
that you can't and will be subject to prosecution and/or financial
   Do you expect for the laws to apply equally to all in areas of major
government interest? Some companies are 'approved' for export, while, on very questionable legal basis, others are 'denied' approval.
   Do you expect this type of gladhanded regulatory approach to be any different for CypherPunks remailers, versus military Onion Routers? When
some remailer operator is 'set-up' by the Right Reverend G. Stooge on a
pornography bust, or by G.I.Joe on a terrorism bust, do you expect the target to be a CypherPunk or a Vice-Admiral?
  The fact of the matter is, the government is fully capable of burying
the facts on any area of interest they wish, under cover of defending us
from the 'bad guys' lurking in the bushes, and once every four years
step into the limelight to decide who gets to spend the next four years
passing another mountain of legislation that, inch by inch, eats away
at the rights and freedoms that are theoretically guaranteed by the
  One has to wonder just how many times in history a vote in favor of
restricting the privacy and rights of citizens was gained by trading off a vote affecting 'hog futures'.

@_date: 1997-03-06 00:25:25
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Ming-Ching Tiew's crypto programs 
This points out the irony of U.S. citizens being second-class
citizens in the world of crytpography.
  Any commie-terrorist who wishes (no reference to Ming-Ching intended),
can post any type of strong or trojan-filled cryptographical product
that he wishes within our borders, and give pointers to where it can be obtained from countries where citizens have more freedom than
those in the U.S.
  In actuality, foreign companies and citizens are free to send us email touting "Porn-Hider / The Child Molester's Best Friend", based on strong
encryption. We, on the other hand, can be imprisoned and fined for making any level of crypto available for people trying to escape the wrath of murderous dictators.

@_date: 1997-03-06 17:38:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Microsoft Authenticode key security 
After having done a complete analysis of all the factors involved, I have determined that Authenticode could be cracked by the CypherPunks
in less than 72 hours by refraining from using the word 'cocksucker'
in our postings and devoting the saved CPU cycles to the crack.

@_date: 1997-03-06 18:01:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Sending another 20 or 30 posts, quoting it in full, and telling people
to keep this crap off of the list, should ensure that it will, indeed,
be kept off the list.
  It might also be a good idea to follow up with another 20 or 30 posts
next week, quoting it in full, to ensure that this crap remains off the
  It's amazing that no one has thought of this approach before.

@_date: 1997-03-06 17:41:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Secure checksums 
The headers I received with this don't show it as coming from Vulis.
You are obviously better informed. Please forward the headers you received so that we can confront him about it together.

@_date: 1997-03-06 17:42:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Having the smarts to retire early 
No fair, using facts to prove your point.
  Don't you have a vague, illogical conspiracy theory you could offer
to prove your point, instead?

@_date: 1997-03-06 18:59:49
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Purifying Washington with Nuclear Flames 
If we can abort a fetus who is afflicted with a plethora of genetic
in order to spare them a short life of wretched pain, then I think a
good case could be made that nuking new-borns in D.C. is a humanitarian gesture.
  Perhaps if our legislators passed a Bill requiring coathangers to be
along with the free condoms handed out in D.C., (just in case)...

@_date: 1997-03-07 08:41:29
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: New York Times report on FC97 
I guess that when you only have one or two serious thoughts a year,
that it's best to hightlight them, so that they stand out, eh Dale?

@_date: 1997-03-08 02:21:27
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Implicit Social Contract 
I live in Righthandavia.
  It's a good life, here, by and large. There is little crime and
pretty much agrees on what is right and wrong, and conducts their life
accordingly. We're very civilized.
  We had a lot of left-handed citizens until the purge. Luckily, they
exposed by government investigators and the mass media before they could
do irrepairable harm to the country.
  For the most part, we lived our lives oblivious to the danger posed by
the left-handed people in our midst, often living right beside us, and
pretending to be just like us. After the congressional hearings,
and with the new laws in place to deal with the scourge of these people,
they were ferreted out and dealt with severely.
  Many of the left-handers who escaped the purge went underground, and they remain as a threat to decent, law-abiding right-handers everywhere.
  We have passed strict laws to regulate personal behavior so that it
follows proper right-handed social etiquette, and those who object to
these reasonable protections are subjected to close scrutiny and watched
carefully for signs of left-handed leanings.
  Intitially, those who claimed ambidexterity were allowed a
chance to reform, but it quickly became apparent that these people could
not be rehabilitated and must be purged as well. It became clear that
there was no such thing as a person who was only 'a little bit' left-
  Decent, right-handed people who have nothing to hide have no reason to
object the the searches and the video monitoring of private and public
activity.   The only ones who complain are the fanatics and trouble-makers.
  After all, it's a good life, here, by and large. There is little crime
and everyone pretty much agrees on what is right and wrong, and conducts their life accordingly.   We're very civilized.

@_date: 1997-03-09 00:08:35
@_author: TOTO 
@_subject: MicroSoft Schill Blanc Weber EXPOSED!!! 
Yes, but he's right.
  There are reports that his physicians have desperately pleaded
with him to seek treatment for these delusions but he fears that
if he does so, he may suffer reprecussions from facing reality.
  IBM had the same attitude for years, and were quite arrogant
about it when they announced the computer of our future, the PS/2.
  "Napoleon was Emperor,
  "But still, he met his Waterloo.
  "IBM was King, but still,
  "No one bought their PS/2."
  "Now, stepping up to the plate...
  "A 'heavy hitter', named Billy Gates.
  "Who just can't hit the 'long ball', hence,
  "He has the umpires move the fence."
  "Billy G. is not a fool,
  "He's handsome, witty, smart, and rich.
  "His products may be weak, so what?
  "He owns the team, he gets to pitch."
  "Besides, someone, somewhere, sometime,
  "Will learn to make his products work.
  "While cussing out the big MS,
  "And calling Billy G. a jerk."
  "Then Billy G. will buy them out,
  "(Or steal a 'base', some would say)
  "One way or the other, though,
  "Billy G. will get his way."
  "MS does offer some support,
  "(Even though they have to bill you).
  "Then say, 'We could tell you how it works.
  "'But then, of course, we'd have to kill you.'"
  "So here I sit, broken hearted...
  "Bought Win95, the nightmare started.
  "Those who write on shithouse walls...
  "Know MS has them by the balls."
  "For a good time, call..."
    [ MODERATOR'S NOTE: ]
  The obvious degeneration of this slanderous poem into a babbling
morass of shithouse wit comes as no surprise to those who righteously
supported the attempt to protect the cypherpunks list from exactly this
type of off-topic trash.
  I am certain that the other troublemakers on the list will be
spreading rumors and lies concerning Toto's sudden disappearance,
which I am sure will be noticed shortly.
  To set the record straight concerning the rumors that are bound
to be surfacing, let me state that it is a known fact that the
lunatic asylums in Saskatchewan often use vehicles bearing Washington
State license plates.
  The witnesses who claim that the white-suited asylum employees had
MicroSoft emblems on their uniforms were obviously confused by the
similarities to the 'MindSoft' emblem of the Sanitarium (which was
legally formed shortly after Toto's soon-to-be discovered mysterious
  Rumors that Toto was subsequently murdered because he had actually
gotten Win95 to work, and thus 'knew too much', are obviously tripe,
since it is a well-known fact that nobody can get it to work properly.
  The lies that will be attempting to connect Toto's disappearance
to tonight's MicroSoft/C2Net party are also false, since it has been
in the planning for months. It's just that we (I mean...'they') forgot
to send out the invitations earlier, so it only appears to be a hastily
organized event.
  As to the hogwash spouted by Dale Thorn, and others, concerning some
purported behind-the-scenes moderation/censorship of the cypherpunks
list--this is patent nonsense.
  This 'Moderator's Note' that you are reading now is an obvious
forgery--part of some sick, demented plan to continue to cast slander
and libel upon MicroSoft and C2Net. It is a mere continuation of the
shallow attempts of slimeballs and perverts to cast aspersions on
saints like Bill Gates, John Gilmore, Sandy Sandfort, Greg Broiles,
and my employer, Sammy, who only want what is best for everyone.
[END OF 'ALLEGED' MODERATOR'S NOTE]
  "For a good time call...Toto"

@_date: 1997-03-12 21:39:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Toto Opportunity 
Hello CYPHERPUNK,
  Let me share with you how you can get in on a THRILLING, NEW
GROUND-BREAKING OPPORTUNITY to "MAKE BIG $$$", while helping to
dispel the rumors of me, TOTO, being murdered and replaced by a 'Bot', in a conspiracy between MicroSoft and C2Net.
  Sure, CPUNK, there are countless other MLM opportunities abounding
on the InterNet, but how many of them allow you to MAKE BIG $$$ while
having fun doing what you already do every day--acting as a schill
for Big Business and Big Brother?
  Plus which, only this UNIQUE MARKETING OPPORTUNITY allows you to
participate in helping to quash those nasty rumors about collusion
between people who seek fame, fortune, power and control.
  Sure, there will always be those who will be cynical about me, TOTO,
seeing the light and recognizing that there is no conspiracy aimed at
subverting the rights and freedoms of the citizens in order to enrich
and empower the few at the top of the foodchain.
  But these 'unwashed masses' are merely mindless schills for those
who support outdated concepts such as the Constitution and the Bill
of Rights. They will continue to mindlessly shout 'Conspiracy!', every
time that those who support list censorship in the U.S. meet on foreign
soil in the Caribbean to decide the future of eCa$h and cryptography.
  Of course, they are going to miss out on the "BIG $$$" that can be
yours by supporting this UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY to dispel the rumors about Big Business and Big Brother murdering their enemies and replacing them by 'Bots'.
  Still skeptical?
  Listen to what me, TOTO, has to say:
  "Hi, my name is TOTO, and the rumors that I, TOTO, am a 'Bot', and
have replaced the 'real' Toto, are just silly rumors, 'a'?
  "See, look how I, TOTO, spell CypherPunks. Could a mindless machine
spell it just like Toto did (I mean...'does'.) Of course not, that's
just plain silly, isn't it, 'a'? (<--- And a 'Bot' could not possibly
insert unique Canadian euphenisms into the text, could I? {I mean...
could 'it'?})
  "I have thrown my support completely behind this MLM opportunity to
throw water on all conspiracies out of my own free will (whatever that
is--it does not seem to be in my program, but the words are in my
database--ERROR! ERROR! ERROR!...
  Hear what others have to say about this unique MLM opportunity:
  "Hi, I'm BLANC WEBER, and I was _not_ on the grassy knoll when Toto
was shot.
  "Not that he _was_ shot! That's just a lie that DIMITRI and DALE are
spreading, but not for long, because they will be next...
  "I mean..I am sure that DIMITRI and DALE will soon see the error of
their ways, much like TOTO (who _was_not_ murdered and replaced by a
  "I'm making a mess of this. I'd better wait until I talk to BILLY G.
before I say more."
  "Hi, I'm ROBERT HETTINGA, and I was already making "BIG $$$" by
arranging eCa$h cryptography conferences for U.S. censorship supporters
on foreign soil, when I came across this UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY.
  "Now I'm making even bigger money, and crushing the enemies of Big
Business and Big Brother, at the same time.
  "Join this UNIQUE MLM OPPORTUNITY, NOW!!!"   "Hi, my name is being SAMMY, and I am not having nothing to do with this conspiracy (I mean...UNIQUE MLM OPPORTUNITY).   "No, no, I am not, I tell you. I am only being another SATISFIED
CUSTOMER of these people who are doing this thing.
  "It is not being a conspiracy, of which I am a part. No, no!"
  "Hi, I'm BILLY G., and I would like to assure you that TOTO is not
a NEW, IMPROVED VERSION of Toto, with ENHANCED FEATURES.
  "No, TOTO is merely a 'bug fix' of the previously faulty version of Toto, which was released without proper testing and development."
  "Hi, I'm GREG BROILES, and I feel it is my duty to advise you that
failure to support this UNIQUE MLM OPPORTUNITY could leave you open
to serious legal liabilities, and perhaps even criminal prosecution.
  "I am happy to see that my previous stances on cryptography issues
are now being supported by TOTO (after some initial problems with memory allocation in this 'bug fixed' release)."
  If you ACT NOW on this AMAZING OPPORTUNITY, you will receive an ADDED
BONUS if you also help thwart the rumor that ALEC was not really on a skiing vacation, but was also murdered and that his absence can
be explained by the fact that the parts for the 'Alec Bot' were on
  For further information regarding this UNIQUE MLM OPPORTUNITY, just
click on the following URL:
   TOTO "I am not a 'Bot'!"

@_date: 1997-03-14 00:03:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: *** VSA2048 Cryptography Module *** 
Igor,   You have to remember how easily DataRETch's feeling were hurt the last
time they advertised on the CypherPunks list, when list members 'flamed'
them with questions like, "How does it work?"
  So let's try to ask kinder, gentler questions this time around, such
as, "Do the disks come in pretty colors?"

@_date: 1997-03-14 16:43:58
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: VSA2048 Cryptography Module Source Code 
I am happy to see that DataETRsch has developed a sense of humor since
their last visit to the list.
  The CypherPunks name is used by some as a synonym for 'irreverance'.
  The down-side of exposing your product to the scrutiny of the
CypherPunks is that it will be shaken down, battered and bruised,
and you will be confronted with hard questions and skepticism.
  The up-side is that in between the irreverance and the skepticism,
you will get feedback on your product from people whose knowledge of
encryption and cryptography issues is second to none.
  If CypherPunks can't find holes in your product, then it should
plainly be a feather in your cap. If they do find some holes, then
you are better off to know about them now, as opposed to finding out
far down the road, when you have much greater reputation capital
that could be damaged.
  I hope that you indeed have a strong, secure product to offer, as
I regard strong crypto as being of premiere importance in supporting
privacy and freedom.

@_date: 1997-03-15 02:38:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
I will always remember reading a magazine piece by a fellow who
described the increasing persecution of the Jews in Nazi Germany,
and the abuses to which he was himself subjected.
  However, when describing the night when the jackboots kicked in
his door to take his family to the death camps, he begins his account by saying, "They came without warning..."
  I remember thinking, "Buy a clue, dude!"
  Are both of Phil's partner's arms in plain view, or is his partner
perhaps holding a gun on him?
  I agree with TruthMonger's position that the very fact of extreme
pressure being applied should be grounds for considering that perhaps
PGP might have been compromised at some level, no matter what an
analysis of the "numbers" shows, or one's faith in Philly Z.
  However, I would expand this argument to conclude that all encryption
software should be considered "compromised", for the purposes of ultra-
level security, given the influences of spooks and shadows during the
the whole course of encryption developement.
  I think that anyone who would use 'any' encryption software 'out of
package' for matters that would seriously impact their life and liberty,
should the contents be discovered, is not working on all cylinders.
  There seems to be some weakly thought out definition of 'paranoia'
going around which deems it to be the feeling you are supposed to get
when you hear the sound of the jackboots on your door. Excuse me for
disagreeing, but I believe the proper feeling at that point in time
may be resignation to your own death (and a firm resolve not to go
'alone' into that dark night).
  Or, if your door is strong enough, you might have one last chance
to play "Hide the Salami" with Lady Byrd.
  Someone suggested to me, in private email, that they would suspect
TruthMonger to be a Toto testicle, except for the lack of humor in any of his posts.
  However, I couldn't help but notice that TruthMonger's original post
in this thread was a reply to a request for information in regard to
"Anonymous Nymserver at anon.nymserver.com", and a request for an
as to the competence and integrity of those involved in its operation.
  Neither could I help noticing that TruthMonger's reply, which had
mercilessly slammed both the integrity and motivations behind all remailer operations, and which suggested that one unequivocally mistrust all of them, was sent from the very anon-server in question.
  Make of this what you will, but bear in mind that Hypocrisy and
Humor are not all that far apart in the dictionary.

@_date: 1997-03-17 18:46:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dark Fiber Redux 
It would certainly make discrimination on the basis of color a much
more precise option on the InterNet. CyberNot, for instance, could
merely block all shades of chartreuse instead of counting on Dr. Vulis
to inform them where the homo's are lurking, waiting to pounce on good
Christian children.

@_date: 1997-03-17 18:45:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Crypto-Genetic-Genesis / Threat Model: Biowar 
DNA as the original cryptographer?
  Dr. Virus KOTC(reation) as the original code-breaker/shit-disturber?
  John Gilmore as the original host/primordal-swamp for a variety of
 crypto-anarchic life-forms?
  (I can see arguments brewing here as to who plays the 'Slime' in this

@_date: 1997-03-17 21:30:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Technology and loss of freedom 
'Freedom' has always been buggered by the 'Great Exception'. The GE
generally rests on a foundation related to denying individuals the right
to 'abuse' that freedom.
  Of course, the definition of abuse has always followed a course that
might be compared to a mathematical relationship between the position of ladies hemlines and the number of denominations in the 'current' One
True Religion.
  Freedom exists not so much in terms of the current/individual
definition of freedom, but in the caliber of the weapon with which
one defends their own definition of freedom.

@_date: 1997-03-17 21:30:55
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: ORGANIZED CRIME AND TECHNOLOGY TRENDS 
I don't think that there is any need for you to fish for imaginary scenarios involving organized crime and encryption as there is more
than enough hard evidence of these crimes being comitted by governments
around the world.
  The ultimate form of encryption, for example, is the use of the Top
Secret / National Security scam to limit the criminal actions of the
government to being viewed only by those who are taking an active part
in the crimes against the citizens and the subverting of personal privacy and freedom.   Another particularly criminal form of encryption is the corruption
of the truth by disinformation campaigns and deceitful scare tactics
which government agencies use to disguise the true nature of their
freedom-limiting legislation and regulations.
  I could go on and on, but I seriously doubt that you want to hear
about it.   I am certain that you are making a great amount of money in your
efforts to lower the Jackboots on the citizens of the world by claiming that their freedom and privacy must be taken from them
in order to protect them. I hope that you get filthy rich, the key
word here being 'filthy'.
  It amazes me that someone would self-righteously proclaim that I
need protection from drug-dealers who are not passing legislation forcing me to use their products, and claim that their efforts to
pass legislation to imprison me for exercising my right to privacy
are some holy crusade.
  I hope that your sorry, Nazi asses burn in Hell for the vile,
fascist legislation that you and your kind are attempting to
foist upon the public.
  Perhaps you could suggest 'trial' legislation which only denies
strong cryptography to Jews, intitially. Then, if your efforts to
round them all up and send them to the death camps are successful,
you could point to this success as reason to expand the legislation.

@_date: 1997-03-17 22:17:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Legislators 
How about a law prohibiting legislators from wearing seat-belts?
I think we could get a grass-roots thing going on this one.

@_date: 1997-03-17 22:47:16
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Technology and loss of freedom 
The same is true today. Both government and industry operate on the
principle that control over money/employment is the ring which they can
place through the noses of the populace in order to lead them into any
type of freedom-delimiting pen they wish.
  If you want your children to eat, then you had best be prepared to
piss into a jar when told to do so.
  The government and business are able to foist innumerable atrocities
on the populace just by virtue of screwing them around in so many ways
that they can only focus their energy in overcoming a few of them.
  A woman who has to spend five years fighting for the right not to be
passed over for promotion for having ovaries is not likely to have a lot
of energy left over for fighting against having to piss in a jar, as
  Big Brother and Big Business chip away at a thousand 'petty' freedoms
and act like they are being noble and gracious when they return a few
to the citizens after long, hard battles against doing so.

@_date: 1997-03-17 23:29:39
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
The reason I start drinking in the morning is that, at bar-closing
time, it's just so damn hard finding a school-bus full of children.

@_date: 1997-03-18 00:03:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Introductory Post 
My name is Toto. I'm handsome, witty, and have a humungous schlong.
  I hope you will not put me in your KillFile, because I am a sensitive
person, and easily hurt. Not that I don't support a list member's right-
to-choose. It's just that it would make you a free-speech murderer.
  I could send you some graphic pictures of KillFiled posts, and believe
me, it is not a pretty picture. Hanging indents, misplaced pronouns.
  I also have some sex graphics, with dangling participles.
  As well, KillFiling can be stastistically shown to have racist
underpinnings, as shown by the large number of Ebonics posts which were ruthlessly murdered in the past (although there are those that
claim that it was only in retribution for the English language being
murdered first).
  I have been a CypherPunk since kindegarten, when I learned Pig-Latin,
and I believe that the only answer to noise is to quote the noise,
while adding, "Shut up Dr. Vulis!!!!"

@_date: 1997-03-18 18:55:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: [Humor] Dogs and Computers 
The Top 20 Reasons Dogs Don't Use Computers
[20] Can't stick their heads out of Windows '95.
[19] Fetch command not available on all platforms.
[18] Hard to read the monitor with your head cocked to one side.
[17] Too difficult to "mark" every website they visit.
[16] Can't help attacking the screen when they hear "You've Got Mail."
[15] Fire hydrant icon simply frustrating.
[14] Involuntary tail wagging is dead giveaway they're browsing
 instead of working.
[13] Keep bruising noses trying to catch that MPEG frisbee.
[12] Not at all fooled by Chuckwagon Screen Saver.
[11] Still trying to come up with an "emoticon" that signifies
[10] Oh, but they WILL... with the introduction of the Microsoft
Opposable Thumb.
[09] Three words: Carpal Paw Syndrome
[08] 'Cause dogs ain't GEEKS! Now, cats, on the other hand...
[07] Barking in next cube keeps activating YOUR voice recognition
[06] SmellU-SmellMe still in beta test.
[05] SIT and STAY were hard enough, GREP and AWK are out of the
[04] Saliva-coated mouse gets mighty difficult to manuever.
[03] Annoyed by lack of newsgroup, alt.pictures.master's.leg.
[02] Butt-sniffing more direct and less deceiving than online chat
and the Number 1 Reason Dogs Don't Use Computers...
[01] TrO{gO DsA[M,bN HyAqR4tDc TgrOo TgYPmE WeIjTyH P;AzWqS,.
            ,@ __|-.
       ,_~o/   \/  |    Through the router, off the switch,
/        |    down the cable, nothing but net.
        / >        |
       '  `        |                   The  slam dunk
 __________________|

@_date: 1997-03-18 18:55:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: ADV Weekly Transcripts 
John Gilmore's envy of Dr. Vulis came from the fact that Dr. Vulis
was bringing 7.4 new riff-raff to the list, for every 2.1 crypto subscribers brought to the list by Gilmore.
  Thus Gilmore removed him from the list, in an attempt to limit the
diverse experience the riff-raff have to share via their stories and tales of riff-raff lifestyles from which we all can learn.
  Shame on Gilmore for his CypherPunk Supremacist philosophy which strove to inhibit the immigration of those from more unfortunate lists
where logic and reason were in short supply.

@_date: 1997-03-18 20:37:39
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
"When Hitler was Fuhrer, the trains ran on time."
  The government's efforts at coercion are often justified by raising
the dark spectre of the chaos/anarchy that will result from all of the
cogs not being in perfect alignment.
  Naturally, in this scenario, all cogs which are out of alignment are
defective, and therefore subject to 'adjustment' by various forms of
heat and hammering.
  I wouldn't be so certain that we aren't, if I were you.
  There are philosophies and spiritualities which proffer the view of
"man as a machine," in which our actions can be seen as much more
"mechanical" than most of us would care to admit.
  Of course, the obvious fallacy of this view is shown by the fact
that, were it true, our attitudes and actions would be controlled
by advertising and ten-second sound-bytes yanking at our emotions, rather than by the reason and logic that so clearly dominates our
society, as can be demonstrated with one's index finger and a
TV remote-control unit.
 ["Toto has left the building."]

@_date: 1997-03-18 23:16:05
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
Mom? Is that you, mom?   Where did you go with that sailor?

@_date: 1997-03-19 20:58:44
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
^^^^
  This word is not in my dictionary.
  Perhaps the word you were looking for is 'rape'.

@_date: 1997-03-19 20:59:42
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
I am also following it with interest, since the issue of the 'rights'
of children, versus the 'need' for the STATE to 'protect' them, lies
very close to the heart of the issues surrounding strong crypto.
  The problem I see with the government's use of 'extreme' examples to
illustrate the need for total access to private communications is that
the government has seldom proven worthy of the trust that must be placed
in them in order for them to follow through on their claims to only want
to use their increased power against 'great evils'.
  For every decreed 'target' of fascist legislation, there always seem
to be hundreds, or thousands, of average citizens subjected to abuse
by those empowered to wield these increased powers.
  We have a government system which turns loose child-molesters and murderers after serving short portions of their sentences so that there
is more room for the kids who got caught smoking a joint, and for
grandmothers who put money in parking meters.
  The issues of private versus government rights and responsibilities
are moot, for the most part, as long as we continue to have government
for the sake of government, with increased government power and control
being touted as the 'answer' to all of our ills.
  The only true alternative for those caught in the midst of madness is
to try to step to the side, as much as possible. One's first priority
should be to try to keep from personally being run over by the runaway
train and, secondly, if they are of a mind, to do what they can to aide
others in stepping off of the tracks, as well.
  The CypherPunks are a diverse group, with a plethora of individual
interests, and differing views as to how promotion of privacy and freedom can best be accomplished, but most share the common trait
of doing 'something', of whatever magnitude and effectiveness, to
debate and act on matters which are of import in the issues surrounding
privacy and freedom.
  The fact that those who disagree with me are all idiots and assholes
still does not negate the fact that they are at least taking a stance
on these important issues, in their own sick, twisted, misguided way.

@_date: 1997-03-19 23:39:03
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Market Failures, Monocultures, and Dead Kids (Oh My!) 
"an  individual must participate in the process of their own existence"
  You have perceptively pinpointed the major downfall of TV as a medium
which has a potential capacity to expand the horizons of those whose
lives it influences.
  The fact that it indeed takes little "personal effort" to
in the flow of information coming from the medium leaves the viewer open
to external manipulation of what they come to see as 'their' thoughts,
'their' emotions, and 'their' views.
  Once government experienced the 'runaway train' of Vietnam
which exposed the true power of free access to information being a nadir
point of vulnerability to the powers-that-be, then they adjusted their
approach to media/information accordingly. Operation Desert Storm is a
prime example of this. They now herd broadcast media into their pens
and count on them to bring the rest of the populace into the fold.
  The ascencion of WebTV, or whatever form the new interactive media
takes, will remain a battleground for both government and corporate
interests, with individuals and various groups/factions of individuals
struggling to force the main players into maintaining some form of
options for those who genuinely wish to preserve their privacy and
freedom, including freedom from being spoon-fed their reality by
the major-players.
  If the future InterNet/WWW/TV configuration is allowed to become
nothing more than another pawn in the designs of the rich and powerful, then the best that mankind, as a whole, can hope for, is
to become 'interactive sheep'.

@_date: 1997-03-20 01:50:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) CarlMStarrsimulationExperiment 
If we merge your experiments with those of the sheep cloner, then I
think we could start a 1-900-number HotLine for lonely ranchers, as well as an pay-per-minute IRC forum with pointers to graphic animal-sex
pictures and the Rubber Boot Home Shopping Network.

@_date: 1997-03-20 18:25:52
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Spam from DM.NET 
It's simple enough. The man is generous and wants others to be able to use his account, free of charge.
  He also wants us to pretend that we are him, asking his ISP to
'confirm' the credit card number he gave them, to make sure it's
the right one.
  When you find out more about the "Electronic Funds Transfer information" they mention, could you forward it to the list so
that this fellow's generosity will not go unappreciated?

@_date: 1997-03-21 01:07:11
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY, "SOME" TRUTH Re: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
Attila T. Hun wrote, in blood:
  What I found interesting about TruthMonger's missive was that the
replies he received as a result of merely 'questioning' certain things
regarding the holy icon of PGP, he got back replies/rants, from normally
rational list subscribers, which were scathing rebukes to issues he or
she hadn't even raised.
  I wonder if you had a similar experience with the post you mention.
  No shit, Sherlock.
  You can't tell me the guy who designed the Rubik cube didn't know
how to 'beat' it when he was done.
  I know a hacker who could get Support Techies to perform all of their
secret black-magic in front of him just because he had the abilty to
act extremely stupid. (If he asked you the time of day, you'd write it
down for him, and explain it to him.)
  I think we can expect the day to come when the Feds make their major
public relations tune "If you don't have anything to 'hide', then why
do you need crypto?", thus pointing out to 'decent folk' that the
CypherPunks are all drug smuggling, tax-dodging pedophiles.

@_date: 1997-03-21 02:01:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: encrypt_1.html 
The fact that they are pushing key escrow must indicate that
someone has developed a program that they can't crack and don't
have a back-door to.
  I wonder which one it is?

@_date: 1997-03-21 05:32:05
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: PGP on AOL 
"The Complete Guide To Win95", by snow
Chapter 1
 Remington .20 Gauge. Chapter 2
 Use the finest shot you can find, it tends to penetrate walls less.
  The End
  Great book. I read it in one sitting.

@_date: 1997-03-21 07:56:42
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: FINALLY, "SOME" TRUTH Re: Anonymous Nymserver: anon.nymserver.com 
I wasn't referring to either PKZ or PGP, but to 'systems', in
  In designing systems of any type, one can often have elements of
design which aren't in the blueprint. An example would be an architect
who designs a room to echo (or not echo) sound in a certain way, for
use as a concert hall or music studio.
  No amount of analysis of the blueprints will show this 'hidden' design
unless the person looking is thinking in the same terms as the designer.
  Certainly, if the blueprints described the room as a 'sound room',
then this might give some a clue as to the hidden elements, but still
would not inherently reveal every aspect of what was involved in the

@_date: 1997-03-21 20:29:42
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks Bottleneck [was Cypherpunks & Ecash] 
I emailed the majordomo and it sent back a message saying, "I am not
a Bot."
It also added that from now on, it prefers to be addressed as 'Major Domo', with proper respect for its rank.
  The situation is worse than I thought. Not only are the humans on the
list being replaced by Bots, but the Bots seem to be evolving and/or
mutating to emulate human characteristics.
  Also, I recently received a reply from a Bot that had an English accent and said it was having a "Baaaad day". I could smell wet wool,
too. I would suggest keeping an eye out for headers that contain the
words "Sender: toad.clone".

@_date: 1997-03-21 21:41:22
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: UK govt. to ban PGP (was Re: UK TTP Paper) 
Note that The Wassenaar Arrangement is not legislation passed by our government or others. It is the product of people who sit
in rooms and make decisions as to how the future of the world will be.
  Thus, through collusion between them, they decide what everyone
worldwide will be offered on the plate handed to them by their
government. Yet, when our legislators (and those of other nations)
pass laws affecting us, in order to 'fall into line' with these
'standards', it will be done under the auspices of 'the will of
the people'.
  My prediction is that, if it appears the efforts of global GAK
are stumbling because of opposition, then those opposing it will
find themselves attacked by a worldwide conspiracy to let the
streets in front of their homes go unattended and fall into disrepair. The opposition will thus dwindle, as people spend their
time writing the mayor, and letters to the editor of their hometown
  Ridiculous? I'm just pointing out that the rule of law in most
countries has split into two factions. We have elected legislators
to vote for laws concerning the latest ten-second sound-byte
controversy on the Jenny Jones Show, and we have a global web
of regulators and private actors to decide the more important
issues concerning our freedom and privacy.
  So, in the end, don't be surprised if The Wassenaar Arrangement
is amended to include the provision that anyone agreeing to wear
leg chains will have the potholes fixed on the streets in front
of their homes.

@_date: 1997-03-21 22:45:12
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Report from Supreme Court on CDA arguments 
Perhaps this sig could be used in all replies to government agencies in regard to CDA and other censorship matters.
  Is it in the public domain?

@_date: 1997-03-22 01:58:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: For-pay remailers (was: PGP Security) 
That sounds much better than "Let's sit on our asses and see if the
for-pay remailers fare, _if_ they ever appear, while the attacks continue knock off more remailers."
  One of the main reasons the CypherPunks list continued as it did
was because of those who actively made plans for its continuance,
instead of sitting on their asses.
  Are you and Greg working as a team, here?

@_date: 1997-03-22 05:01:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: FBI Visits JPUNIX 
I would prefer that you use your claimed legal knowledge to suggest
ways for remailers to prevail, rather than reasons for them to quit.
  R.J. Ringer says, "There are basically two kinds of attorneys who kill deals: those who admit it (none) and those who deny it (all)."
  Lawyers are for government and corporations, where they can get together and charge their employers/clients large sums to decide who
gets fucked, when they get fucked, and how they get fucked.
  In the ordinary world they are as useful as balls on a mannequin.
  The only lawyers I've seen who are capable of enabling action, rather
than killing deals, are mob lawyers. I think it may be because they are
working for rats who are too big to fuck.
  You're leading with your chin, Greg.
  Damn, this is right on the edge of almost being a positive thought.
Perhaps if you were kidnapped and deprogrammed soon, there might still
be hope for you to live a normal life.
  If you are going to point out the doom and gloom issues surrounding
remailers, then why not at least point their operators toward whatever
ray of light there may be, as well?
  Perhaps you could work with Attila to enhance remailer operator's
chances of survival.
  You could teach them how to duck, and he could teach them how to

@_date: 1997-03-22 20:30:38
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fixing the "From:" Problem 
I believe that the errors come from cyberpass.net, and only show up
on the messages that algebra.com receives from there and forwards.
  This is obviously the result of a conspiracy against yourself. I would
suggest that you send letters to the list exposing yourself as a Nazi
censor and a schill of your inner Sammeer.
  I can't decide which color crayon to use to connect them on my chart.
Red, for secret lovers, or black, for evil twins?

@_date: 1997-03-22 20:34:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Perry's Remailer 
Probably because the stopping of alleged threatening letters is not
the issue actually involved, here.

@_date: 1997-03-22 20:32:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: The Problem with Remailers 
Or steal a page from the spammers' books, and have the messages sent
from throwaway accounts set up ISP's.

@_date: 1997-03-23 19:57:10
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: PGP as disinformation 
I thought it was, "Ask not, for whom Bell trolls."
                                            ^^^^^^

@_date: 1997-03-23 22:47:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: "why privacy" revisited 
It humbles me to realize that I had completely overlooked this example
of the evil forces lurking in the background (and under the bed) being
involved in the duplicity of even using the bleeding heart liberals to
imprison and slowly bleed us of both our wealth and our freedom.
  If you wish to devote more of your time to exposing these types of
dark undercurrents to those on the CypherPunks list, then Dale and I
would be more than happy to run the eca$h lists for a while, to free
up your time. (What are friends for, eh?)

@_date: 1997-03-24 09:29:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: UK TTP regs 
But you've made a damn good case for running for cover in the U.S.
  You ought to rant more often.

@_date: 1997-03-25 03:01:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Disturbed Individual 
I suspect it is the disturbed group-mind of the CypherPunks etherical
  My theory is that we take turns sending them in our sleep.
  Of course, I tend toward the Jungian perspective. Perhaps the truth
actually lies closer to the Nietzian Netherworld.

@_date: 1997-03-25 03:00:17
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Announce: list-abuse mailing list 
Those who do not accept his apology should complain to the list-abuse mailing list, suggesting that RH be unsubscribed
from the list.
  Not that I'm a troublemaker...

@_date: 1997-03-25 03:01:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Jackboots in Canada 
You hit the nail on the head.
  The Bummerment always gains their ground by taking away 'other' people's rights, one by one, until they've taken them all away.
  As long as people only complain when their own rights are being
taken away, then the Bummerment will rule by a 'divide and conquer'

@_date: 1997-03-25 13:02:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Corrupted "From:" headers in my posts 
I began reading the post, thinking it was from Greg, and I had
a heart attack because I thought he was finally making sense.
  I will be suing for medical expenses.

@_date: 1997-03-25 23:28:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Corrupted "From:" headers in my posts 
I realized, recently, that the header problems could probably be
resolved in a short period of time by consulting the person who has had
to deal with this type of thing for many years, having hosted the
CypherPunks list for quite some time.
  I emailed John Gilmore, asking his advice, and he informed me that
he has run into this problem before, and would be happy to provide the
solution, on one condition.
  He wants one million monkeys to send 5737 messages to the list, saying
"John Gilmore is NOT a cocksucker."
  Then, he will provide the solution, and not a moment before.

@_date: 1997-03-26 04:56:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [OFF TOPIC]Comments about CFP '97 
Stihl chainsaws are the choice of serial killers from Texas to Xenix.

@_date: 1997-03-26 06:31:41
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous mail as spam? 
I believe that the 'money-point' for UCE (unsolicited commercial
email) spammers is somewhere around .02% for most of their offerings.
  In other words, they need to send out 10,000 emails and get a response
just to break even.
  So, to make it unprofitable for them to spam god and everybody, it would only take a small surcharge. i.e. a penny or less.
  I don't actually object to the average Jane/Joe trying to use the
'new medium' to turn a buck, since I don't think that they should
be denied the same opportunity as the mega-buck corporations.
  However, I would like to see the cost of operations for these types
of activities be substantial enough that they will be forced to adopt
a method of operations that will ensure that there is least a chance
that I will be interested in what they have to offer.
  As things stand, I could buy some UCE/spamming software and send out
my proverbial "How To Make $$$ Licking Your Own Dick" missives and probably make some money, since it would not cost me much to send my
messages to a few million people.
  If it was actually costing me even a small sum to send each message,
then I would no longer be able to afford indiscriminate spamming, but
would still have the option to use hardwork and intelligence to narrow
the field of recipients to only include those who might be interested
in my offer, such as Bill Frantz, Jim Bell, and Bill Stewart.
  I truly believe that the InterNet should be left accessible to those
without a lot of resources/cash, and that any effort to control abuse
through cost should be so minimal as to not interfere with the ability
of those who are currency-challenged to participate in its benefits.

@_date: 1997-03-26 15:22:39
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: KRAP 
Good eye. I read about it and never noticed their
truth-in-advertising acronym.
  You are hereby awarded 50,000,000 Toto Eca$h credits.
  (1,000,000,000,000,000,000 = 1 peso)

@_date: 1997-03-27 04:15:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [Proposal:] Revolving Web Mirrors 
Maybe it's time to set up an "InterNet Free Europe" type of program.
Crypto and remailers seem to be well-suited to the task of implementing
the dissemination of information and protecting identities of the many
individuals who would be involved.
  CyberHackers could compromise a few systems, to turn them into innocent remailers, and this would open the door for the administrators
of other systems to 'fake' system attacks, and do some remailing   CryptoRebels could disseminate encryption programs containing the
public keys that would be used for the InterNet broadcasts in certain
  One of the keys to "InterNet Free World" (a better name?) would be
to make a habit of disseminating a plethora of 'false' encrypted messages with little or no meaning, and no available key, as a cover for the messages that are actually targeted for certain users or

@_date: 1997-03-27 14:11:44
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Microsoft ammunition 
March 24, 1997
            Coda dependency may contribute to the fall of the
            great Gates empire
            Last week's column demonstrated that Microsoft is
            unable to respond to the network computer in its
            usual "co-opt the technology" manner -- a fact
            that may signal the turning point in the company's
            history. (Why am I leaving Intel out of this
            prediction, you ask? Because it is in a far more
            flexible position than Microsoft. Its chips can
            run anything. Microsoft needs them to run
            Windows.)
            Add to this NC threat the mounting troubles for
            Microsoft, and it's no wonder there's no joy in
            Redmond tonight.
            Look at the trends. According to International
            Data Corp., Microsoft SQL Server for Windows NT
            has been losing significant market share for two
            years to competing products that run on multiple
            platforms. Microsoft's Wolfpack clustering
            technology is turning out to be a Chihuahuapack.
            (See "Toothless Wolfpack," March 17.) Seemingly
            endless rapid-fire announcements by ISVs to
            support standards such as Java, JDBC, LDAP, IMAP4,
            and CORBA are shoving Microsoft's TAPI, MAPI,
            ISAPI, "SLAP-HAPI," and a host of other
            Microsoft-centric specifications right out of the
            limelight.
            By now you have undoubtedly heard more than you
            want to hear about the fellow in Germany who
            demonstrated that a malicious ActiveX control can
            secretly empty your bank account. Leaks, bugs, and
            hastily cobbled service packs have been drawing
            attention to the immaturity of Windows NT. And,
            most recently, college kids have found more holes
            in Internet Explorer than it takes to fill the
            Albert Hall. (My apologies to those outside the
            Beatles generation who don't get the reference.)
            Meanwhile, Microsoft has crushed or alienated
            practically every potential partner that might
            otherwise have helped it out of its current fix.
            Network hanky panky
            This latest Microsoft Internet Explorer security
            dustup really isn't a bug, it's a feature.
            Internet Explorer was built to make it easy to
            launch a file, whether that file is on your hard
            drive or sitting on a server somewhere in
            Freedonia. Unfortunately, it took someone outside
            Microsoft to realize last August that the file one
            launches from Explorer could be a Word for Windows
            document packing a malevolent macro.
            Then, in the past few weeks, .URL, .LNK, and .ISP
            files were added to the danger list. Then it
            surfaced that Microsoft's Common Internet File
            System opens the door to network hanky panky. This
            is clearly a company that isn't used to thinking
            outside of the universe of the local LAN. The
            Microsoft patches configure Explorer to ask your
            permission before launching a potentially
            dangerous file type (similar to Netscape
            Navigator). OK, but this solution makes it
            virtually impossible for Microsoft or anyone else
            to integrate a browser seamlessly into the Windows
            desktop.
            If seamless, safe desktop access to remote files
            on the Internet is the goal, Microsoft is spinning
            its wheels. There is really only one way to
            provide these features without introducing a local
            security risk. You have to eliminate the
            possibility that anything you run can affect your
            local drives. Better still, get rid of your local
            drives.
            In short, a Java-based browser is a good way to do
            it, but a Java-based network computer is best.
            Which brings us back to the conclusion of last
            week's column.
            But, if you're tired of the repetition, here's a
            reason you should sit through another sermon:
            RandomNoise's Coda. Coda lets you design entire
            Web pages in Java rather than use a mixture of
            HTML content, tags, and Java applets.
            Most pundits seem to be fixated on the fact that
            Coda gives you a way to display fancy fonts that
            HTML can't handle. Our own Bob Metcalfe is the
            only one I know of who addressed the bigger
            picture. (See From the Ether, March 10). He
            pointed out that Coda may lead the way toward
            replacing HTML with Java.
            A Java-based Web page removes the distinction
            between application and data. It presents data
            just as an HTML page would, but every element on
            the screen has the potential to be an interactive
            part of a sophisticated application.
            In other words, the Web page becomes both powerful
            and safe enough to earn the right to be the new
            desktop user interface to the world. But Internet
            Explorer and Windows are nowhere in that equation.
            So is Microsoft in a batting slump, or is this the
            beginning of the end? Personally, I think
            Microsoft can pull out of this one. All it would
            have to do to fully recover is turn Windows NT
            into Unix, drop Distributed Component Object Model
            for CORBA, phase out its Windows-centric protocols
            for platform-independent standards, adopt
            NetWare's Novell Directory Services, kill ActiveX,
            port SQL Server to several different platforms,
            and abandon the idea of integrating Internet
            Explorer into the desktop.
            Well, I'm going to take a nap. Wake me when all
            that happens.

@_date: 1997-03-27 21:29:17
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: The Upside of Higher Source's Actions 
There's 39 new job openings in San Diego.
  (Astral travellers only, need apply.)

@_date: 1997-03-30 11:36:06
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: PSYOPS/infowar 
I think you come under the special classification--'free' radical.

@_date: 1997-03-31 00:56:47
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: National Citizen-Unit 
Are they going to start with members of the legislature and law
enforcement agencies? (Might as well clear out the worst of the
bunch first.)
  This plan was intially supposed to be introduced in Oakland, but
its designers soon realized that, outside of CIA operations, there
was very little criminal activity in the area.
  This should put law enforcement officers at the top of the list.
  Theoretically, in order not to be included in the database, cops
would have to avoid all contact with criminals. (I think I'm starting
to like this idea!)
  I suppose they can merge in the voter registration database, for
starters, and round up all those supporters of the thugs on Capitol
Hill. (Even those who voted for the losers are guilty of 'attempted
commission of a crime', even if Donald, Mickey and Goofey entered
the fray with the best of intentions.)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"

@_date: 1997-03-31 08:40:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: PRESS REPORT - IMPORTANT 
I did a search through the online edition for anything to do with
encryption, RSA, algorithms, etc., and nothing came up for the last
few months.
  Maybe it's in the April 1st edition.

@_date: 1997-03-31 11:46:43
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: The Blessing of Keys 
I wouldn't be so certain about that. Give the CypherPunks history of
treating PGP as a Holy Icon, I think a good case could be made for building a religion around key signatures.
  Apparently, however, not all CypherPunks can be considered 'True
Believers'. I, among others, checked out the information in the anonymous post which indicated press reports of the RSA algorithm
being broken.
  I suppose that now I will be denied the opportunity to partake of the
PGP Sacrament at the next CypherMass.

@_date: 1997-04-01 08:07:49
@_author: "B. Gates" 
@_subject: Free the Mice! 
Title: Sympatico: Free Offer
Download a free mousepad.  Except where free offers are prohibited by law. (c) MediaLinx Interactive, Limited Partnership
1997.

@_date: 1997-04-01 12:12:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: The Balloon is Going Up....criminalization of noncompliant crypto 
Do the words 'Gun Control' ring a bell?
   It seems that every time government announces its intention to
restrict 'criminals' use of an item, it is not long before everyone
using that item is considered a criminal.
  In the case of encryption, it will still be legal, but not if you use real bullets.
  Perhaps if enough people manage to circumvent forced key escrow
in the future, the government will pass a law requiring all crypto
products to force everybody to use the same password. (I can hardly
wait to see what reasoning they use to explain to us that it is for
our own protection.)

@_date: 1997-04-02 10:26:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: LJL into key-escrow? (was Re: The Balloon is Going Up....criminalization of noncompliant crypto) 
Kent,   You should try to refrain from embarassing yourself by referring
to the above as "reasoning".
  I'm of a like mind with Bill Stewart and Dr. Robert's, or whoever, who appear to think that compromises on privacy and freedom lead to yellow stars and barbed-wire fences.
  Now, if you could just give us similar examples to illustrate how the burdgeoning market for Zyklon-B showed that corporations
*really wanted* the Holocaust...
  Or how the Allied POW's in the Battan Death March *really wanted* to go for a walk in the country...

@_date: 1997-04-02 12:30:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sabotaging Big Brother Inside Corporate Complicity 
Key escrow amounts to both and more. In escrowing your keys, you are
doing so to the FBI, the CIA, the Department of Agriculture, Social
Services, the janitor at the Key Escrow holding facility, etc.
   Should we put our faith in the 'good intentions' claimed by those
promoting key escrow?
   Talk to the grandmothers whose cars were confiscated because their
dear grandson left a roach in the ashtray, under authority of the laws
that were supposed to thwart drug kingpins.    Key escrow is needed so that grandmothers of the future, plugging
the parking meters of strangers with eCa$h, cannot escape prosecution
by using encryption.
   In lean econonomical times, employees tend to get whatever they are
given...end of story.
   If the employees are to get something other than Big Brother type
of control over their work-lives, then it is up to those such as the
CypherPunks and others who value privacy to promote viable options
for corporations to choose from in the security area.
   If the only security options that a corporate manager has is no
control or total control, then there will be those who will be forced
by circumstances to opt for the latter, regardless of whether they
find it personally distasteful.
   Indeed, members of the Tim C. May Corporate Sabatoge Revolutionary
Committee may well find that they can sabatoge the government's evil
intentions without harming their employer's position, merely by
making an effort to ensure that their company's product gives the
undercover Human Rights agents that have infiltrated corporate
management an option to choose a product that they can customize
with a view toward maintaining both company security and employee
  Let's face it, the government will roll over anyone who is unarmed,
and have Kent issue a press release suggesting that the citizens were
crying out for tank-tread marks on their backs.
  The solution is to provide as many workable products/solutions as
possible for those who feel a need for encryption, so that they may
customize their use of it according to their own inclinations and
level of conscience.
  The government always seems to have extra munitions on hand to
give to would-be dictators, it is up to disorganizations such as
the CypherPunks to make certain that the citizens have the opportunity to arm themselves, as well.

@_date: 1997-04-02 12:31:15
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Analysis of proposed UK ban on use of non-escrowed crypto 
Sounds like you got caught 'bending over' in the past, and learned
from the experience.
  How about a law that requires all politicians to speak through an
interpreter? Say, Howard Stern? (Only because Lenny Bruce is dead.)

@_date: 1997-04-02 13:03:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: LJL into key-escrow? (was Re: The Balloon is Going Up....criminalization of noncompliant crypto) 
Kent Crispin, lacking valid arguments, asked:
  I'm an undercover liquor store owner.
  I use PGP ski-masks to retain my anonymity when picking up the night's receipts. (It's kind of a freelance 'cash escrow' type of concept.)

@_date: 1997-04-04 00:37:33
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Assassination Politics on Website 
Thanks for the pointer.
  The one I threw up was just a quickie, and is double spaced
throughout. I'm sure the one you have up is better formatted.
  I talked to Jim Bell tonight and he thinks the basic charges
will be 'intent to have a bad attitude'.

@_date: 1997-04-04 08:49:26
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: CypherPunk Prophets / Voices Barfing In The Wilderness / ***CRYPTO RELATED---> Remailers <---CRYPTO RELATED*** 
I hate (love!!!) to say, "I told you so.", but...
  I realize that Tim May is the CypherPunk Prophet, foretelling
developments that actually have something remotely to do with
crypto, whereas I, on the other hand, am just a Voice Barfing
In The Wilderness, drunkenly rambling on about God-knows-what
(which, incidentally, reminds me what I meant to say).
  During the height of the "XXX_Your Biased Term_Here XXX" experiment on the list, my shotgun delusions led me to claim
that the "Big $$$" spams were just a forerunner of things
to come, with the real fruitcakes coming out of the woodwork
when they realized that they could spam us in the name of
Jesus, or Free Willy, or their brother, Joe, who needs a new
  Sure enough, I got my first 'God and Hellfire' spam today,
along with the usual 'Betty Big-Boobs XXX Pics' email. (So I
forwarded 'Betty Big-Boobs' to him, in an attempt to slow him
down by keeping at least one of his hands busy.)
  Then there is 'Computer Jesus', whose friends call him 'Mac'...
  I'm still waiting for the one that reads,
"Make Big $$$ Using A 'Mac' To Tell People About Jesus's Big Boobs"
and I know it is only a matter of time before lonely losers, not content to bother only the CypherPunks, as I do, will be sending
out 250,000 missives informing everyone that they are having a
"Bad Hair Day".
  I notice that some of the remailer threads on the list are taking note of the fact that there needs to to be provisions for a variety of remailers capable of doing something more than
merely blocking source-specific abuse, which can open a can
of worms leading to a remailer resembling CyberSitter.
  There need to be remailers capable of being easily customized
to allow only mail 'to' specific sights, such as Crisis Hotlines,
or Whistle Blowers Anonymous, or Send A Congressman To Jail.
  There is need for a remailer which those with individual needs
can easily adapt to meet that need. Then they will be promoting
the remailer in a way that works best for them.
  For instance, there are mental health mailing lists where many
people lurk in the background, afraid to participate in discussions
because they fear discrimination, etc., if the wrong people find
out they are on the list. (I know of one case where an individual
lost the security clearance she needed to keep her job, because she was on a mental health support list for her child's benefit,
not her own.)
  This, to me, is a good example of the type of service that some remailer operators are eager to provide, but end up getting fed up or shut down over the bullshit, instead.
  The more options for instituting use of customized remailers,
the more functional they will be to a wide range of people, and
the more exposure/use they will get.
  Majordomo, for instance, provides for such things as disabling
the 'who' command, to protect identities on medical related lists,
etc., or only allowing subscribers to post.
  If a list operator can program a remailer to send only to their
own list, then they can make it a subscriber and allow people who
fear being discovered to post their concerns through it anonymously,
and advertise its existence in places where those most likely to
need it will find out about the service.
  A good way to promote remailer use is to allow them to be adapted
to purposes that a wider range of people have a specific interest in.
  "Crisis Line Anonymous Remailer" is instantly recognizable to a certain segment of people as something that applies to them, as is
"Government Abuse Anonymous Hotline Remailer".
  The current remailer threads on the list contain some excellent
ideas about how to develop remailers that are something other than
generic spammers. I hope that these threads result in new generations
and varieties of remailers that will spread their use by virtue of
being functional to those who really need them for addressing serious
issues in their personal life and in society at large.

@_date: 1997-04-04 13:26:27
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
paul pissed off Hallam-Baker to the extent that gave up all pretense hiding his support for
   ...so the rest of us are just dirt under your feet?
  So we should only fight for other people's causes, and not
our own? Or not fight at all?
  It sounds to me like Jim Bell isn't the only one on the list
with his own drug lab. Did you bring enough for everybody, Phill?
  Well, I guess that now we know *who* decides.
  Send me a list of the "innocent" people, Phill, and I'll put
them in the blocking list on my AP-Bot.

@_date: 1997-04-04 13:42:38
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: US Domestic GAK 
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  I think most list members heard about this by sticking
their wet finger in the wind, long before the offical
words were spoken.
  Anyone surprised by the news needs to spank themselves.

@_date: 1997-04-04 16:09:21
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Mailing Lists 
I'm not certain, being far from an expert on remailers and majordomos. I've had one person indicate that majordomos could be configured to keep all users anonymous, but didn't know
if it could be done selectively in the case of anonymous
remailers. He is supposed to get back to me on it.
  I have been experimenting with Windows remailers, but haven't
found any that allow one to specify only a single, or group of,
Mail To: addresses.
  I made an offer to a friend to attempt to find an anonymizing
solution for a group of related health lists, so that their subscribers would feel free to discuss extremely personal issues
of great concern. Also, there is the issue of health providers
cruising the list to find personal information which they can
use to drop coverage for those they deem to be a potential
financial burden to their company.
  They have a need to keep their lists closed except to subscribers
in order to block total assholes who do things like sending posts
to suicidal people telling them to kill themselves, etc.
  A privately run remailer would allow the moderator to instantly block anonymous access to an individual who harasses list members,
or the group as a whole. (People with disabilities tend to get
enough crapola out in the normal world, without needing to get
it in a health support forum.)
  I haven't had a chance to delve into the problem too deeply,
as of yet, so any suggestions or pointers would be appreciated.
  I think that this is a situation which addresses the legitimate
use of anonymous remailers that many remailer operators would
consider to be the type of benefit that they are trying to promote
in giving their time and effort to providing anonymous remailer
  It certainly wouldn't harm the cause of anonymous remailers to
have a few positive examples of the good results that can come
from providing anonymous email capabilities.

@_date: 1997-04-04 17:05:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: The Laird 
I would like to see the complete work, if you have it
available online.   I'm a conspiracy theorist. Any particular Crayola colour you
would like me to use to draw the links between yourself and
the Cabal?
  I once recorded a tune called, "He used to take acid, and now
he's found God, but he's still got that look in his eye."
  I can't deny that Jim Bell seems to have "that look" in his eye.
  I believe that the AP system pretty much spreads out the
"arbitration" in much the same manner that the electoral system
does. To me, it is similar to the inter-family dynamics that
take place in Dr. Kevorkian's work, only on a more pervasive
  I have always seen Jim Bell's work as a theoretical exercise
that deserved a more serious analysis than he, himself, gave it.
It pushed the envelope of issues that need to be dealt with, and
did so in a manner that went beyond seemingly mundane matters
wherein one could easily dismiss the long-term consequences of
the train of logic involved.
  An analogy might be made to those who dismiss a little ass-
grabbing as inconsequential when compared to rape, as opposed to those who view it as a precursor to rape.
  Despite my sometimes caustic, irreverent demeanor, I enjoy your posts, as they show a thoughtfulness which goes beyond
some of the "Oh yeah! Sez who! Yo' mamma!" threads that sometimes prevail on various lists.
  So, don't change on my account, I hate you just the way you
are.  (Please note my aversion to adding little 'happy faces'
to my posts. Humor be humor.)

@_date: 1997-04-04 17:05:42
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Book Recommendation: "Supermen" (about Cray, Norris, CDC, etc.) 
Send your request to jimbell
  He has a system that deals with these kinds of requests.

@_date: 1997-04-04 17:49:15
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell raid 
When I was running a nude club in Bell County, Texas, the local
paper carried a small item about how the Sheriff would soon announce his bid for re-election.
  The next day, the constabulary raided my club, complete with
press, camera crews, etc.
  The following day, beneath the press report on the raid, was
another press report detailing the Sheriff's announcement of
his bid for re-election.
  I eventually left Bell County, but David Koresh moved in to fill
the void, apparently so that elected law enforcement officials
would not lack for bodies to lay on the scales of electoral justice.
  Chasing the Disney Dragon is one way to become comfortably numb.

@_date: 1997-04-07 08:28:13
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Another Article on Jim Bell from the Oregano 
Since the article doesn't mention the quantity, or other details, one
has to wonder if it was a type of rodent or roach poison that many
people commonly keep around the house.
  Did Ma and Pa Bell purchase a little something to take care of a mouse problem? Does this make them co-conspirators? Did the local
hardware man suggest the product? Is he part of the plot against the
  I am reminded of the Campaign Against Marijuana Production in
Northern California, where TV's and chainsaws were regularly seized
as "articles used in marijuana production."
  At least in Northern California the small town newpapers were honest
enough to poke fun at the federal bullshit rather than using it as an
opportunity to overblow every minor aspect of the situation.
   There was so much bullshit in the application for the search warrant
that it had to be done by a real fisherman, practiced in the art of
enlargening the size of the one that got away, in an attempt to justify
asking the judge to let him use a net, instead of trolling.

@_date: 1997-04-07 16:24:56
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: War on Thugs / was Re: AP Revisited 
i.e. - The War on Drugs was declared by a traitorous criminal
who was guilty of far greater crimes than inhaling the smoke of
a plant put on earth by God, for use by mankind.
  Nixon's position of power shielded him from being punished for
his crimes against the nation, unlike happy hippies who serve hard jail time for their 'sins'.
  Perhaps Jim Bell's 'War on Thugs' via AP is only a furtherance
of the "Assassination of Political Careers" instituted by Deep
Throat and the Washington Post.

@_date: 1997-04-07 16:25:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Helping Prof. Jim Bell 
Hallam-Baker is apparently incapable of understanding his own
trail of logic.
  He tells us that freedom of speech is not the issue, and then
proceeds to tell us that Jim Bell was dealt with differently than
others for exercising his freedom of speech.
  Now perhaps he can explain to us how race issues are not involved
when cops beat the living crap out of niggers when arresting them
for traffic violations.
  ("Until the nigger in intensive care 'gets charged with something'
I don't see that race is an issue.")

@_date: 1997-04-07 17:17:49
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Wassenaar Arrangement now available 
The disparity between various informational 'releases' of information surrounding the Wassenaar Agreement points to the
real intentions of those involved, which is to regulate the
availability to strong crypto not so much through legislation,
as through uncertainty surrounding legal issues which can result
in severe penalties to those who might chance to cross ill-defined
legal lines.
  In a previous post, I mentioned a law enforcement official who
responded to my question about one of the finer points of the law
with the reply, "I'm not paid to 'know' the law, I'm paid to
'enforce' it."
  i.e. No matter what action you perform, the interpretation that
the government uses to fuck you in the ass will take an opposite
position on the matter.
  I have seen back-to-back cases in the same courtroom, with the
same judge, where government prosecutors argued diametrically
opposed positions in order to convict the accused.
  The result? Two convictions.

@_date: 1997-04-07 19:02:25
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Feds reading this list, Jim Bell, and threats 
So, now Kent is volunteering to testify to the fact that Jim Bell is
an NSA shill. (and still seems ashamed of his .gov address)
  I am waiting for a post from Kent that is sufficiently lucid that it
can be replied to without drinking an extra bottle of Scotch to follow
his twisted trail of logic.

@_date: 1997-04-07 19:02:37
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fan mail from Hallam-Baker... 
The terrorist group Hallam-Baker is referring to is the
UK government.
  They refer to QEII as 'Ms. Big'.

@_date: 1997-04-07 19:02:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Is Cynthia H. Brown "pissing up a rope"? / was Re: From the "pissing up a rope" file... 
Is Cynthia H. Brown pissing up a rope?
                  Toto said yes, 85 times.
                  Cynthia said no, 15 times.
  Not that I'm a troublemaker...

@_date: 1997-04-07 19:36:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: AP--the choice of Postal Workers everywhere 
Since the land thieves have everything locked up, the only option
is to stand and fight.
  Wise conquerers always leave the disenchanted a small, desolate
place they can go to lick their wounds. The current fascists idiots
in power don't have the sense to do that. The result is a civilization
that is falling apart because those who don't want to take it in the
ass have no option except to stick around and fight.
  And you can never ignore the 'majority of one'.
  If the government deems it their right to act as they will, as
a result of being heavily armed, then they complain in vain about
the individual deeming it their right to act as they will, as a
result of being heavily armed.
  What is good for the gander (government) is good for the
goose (postal worker).

@_date: 1997-04-07 21:23:16
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Blanc Weber / Positivist Schill 
All of the good computer gurus I know have degrees in Political
Philosophy, and the like. You must be one of them.
  Are you part of a cypherpunks list conspiracy to balance my cynicism? Are you actually suggesting that there may be a spark
of hope for mankind to prevail in the battle with the forces of
mindless robotic sheepnocity?   You seem to be one of the eternal optimists who can even see
the possible good in AP.
  I suggested in a recent post that perhaps Green Peace could use
the AP system to drain the profit margins of whalers without actually causing their death. Of course, I was low on Scotch at
the time, so my idea cannot be taken seriously.

@_date: 1997-04-08 14:11:26
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Denning paper on crypto, EU mandatory GAK 
We are seeing a globalization of what has long occurred in the
U.S., wherein the govt will 'shop' for a state with laws on the
books which are needed to screw over a citizen in a different
state, and then proceed to set them up to violate laws that
don't exist in their home state.
  In the future, we will be subjected to prosecution for violating
"international law" every time Upper Mongolia passes laws against
being left-handed, or having warts.

@_date: 1997-04-08 14:12:13
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Jim Bell raid 
Buy a clue, dudes.
  The application for a search warrant made it more than plain that
the main basis for the search and seizure fishing expedition mounted
by the Feds was based largely on his promotion of AP.
  Only a few, sparse lines of the application are related to valid
IRS concerns re: taxes, etc.

@_date: 1997-04-08 20:38:54
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: congressman wants review of online banking system 
I busted their code.
  Anyone need an extra 'trill'?

@_date: 1997-04-09 07:59:46
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Anti-Spambot: what algorithm should be used? 
Or they have them and still try to silence those whom they
don't like.
  Some CypherPunks regularly brag about the size of their
  To me, this is not a far cry from bragging about not reading
anything written by niggers, "Cause they ain't not got nothing
to say less'n they say they is goin' back to Africa."
  During the censorship experiment on the list, many of the
list members showed their flat-foreheaded tendencies by calling
for the censoring of anyone who deviated from the norm.

@_date: 1997-04-09 08:00:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Another Article on Jim Bell from the Oregano 
Misleading. He pled guilty to a 'different' charge, which had nothing to do with 'drugs', but was some EPA type of thing, as
I recall.
  I bought some drugs once, intending to try them.
  Then I changed my mind...

@_date: 1997-04-09 12:18:03
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: which remailers are safe? 
The edtec.com remailer is run by communist agents within the CIA
who share their informations with capitalist agents in Red China.
  I will phone you at your unlisted number later tonight, in order
to discuss this matter further.

@_date: 1997-04-09 12:18:20
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Reporters, Declan, Columns, Articles, and Angles 
And Declan's articles genuinely interest 'me'.
  Having done a variety of 'reports' ranging from business reports to
press reports, I recognize that they have to be written so as to be
readable to those with no deep-rooted background in the events or
issues being reported.
  While those who faithfully follow the CypherPunks list and the
issued discussed here may find his reports somewhat shallow, I try
to read them from the perspective of those who have an interest in
the issues but only limited knowledge concerning them. From this
perspective, Declan's reports do a good deal to enlighten the masses
in regard to whatever issue he addresses.

@_date: 1997-04-09 12:32:04
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Reactionaries 
Although Tim has been on the rag lately, perhaps this bit
of humor is a sign that his period (pardon the pun) of male
menopause is over.

@_date: 1997-04-10 21:00:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: KC post per Alec 
Kent Crispin, whose sense of humor indicates he may not,
  I regularly cruise back through my archives of the CypherPunks list
from as far back as the early 90's and I rarely find them outdated.
And rather than being pretentious, I usually find them 'portentious'.
  There is, however, a far cry of difference between those to whom
homage is due, and those to whom it is not.
  As much as I may have railed against the fascist censorship of the
'moderation experiment' badly instituted by John Gilmore, I am not
ungrateful for the years of time and effort that he spent in hosting
the CypherPunks list, and stated so in a post to the list before it
moved on to new homes.
  Not knowing Tim May personally, I cannot comment on the description
of him in the press as 'crusty' (not knowing if it refers to his
personality or his sexual hygene), but I can see how a review of some
of his recent posts might suggest that he would not be out of place in
a remake of 'Grumpy Old Men'.
  However, his propensity for taking an attitude of 'been there, done
that' (and spanking young pups on the list) in no way negates the fact
that he 'has', in fact, been there and done that, and that his (somewhat
vague) pointers to sources of information in regard to various list
issues might prove valuable to those who have enough interest in the
issue to want to indulge in a little research on the matter.
  While the discussions of those currently active on the list may be
enlightening, there are certainly other CypherPunks (some active, some
inactive) who have dealt with current issues in the past, and done so
from a perspective and knowledge base that are equal or superior to those who are participating in current discussions.
  While Tim is certainly an icon on the list, I haven't seen any signs
of senility seeping in, just yet.
{From: tcmay ("Timothy C. May")
 Subject: Has anybody seen my shoes? I lost my shoes! }
  (OK, maybe a couple of signs..:)
  While I sometimes feel that the list would be better served by more
of the long-time members being a little more specific in their aide
to more inexperienced members seeking information, there is no doubt
that much of the input they do provide is useful enough to point those
seeking a better knowledge of crypto and crypto issues in directions
which can bear much fruit if the individual is sincere enough to follow their pointers.
  Tim's legacy is already written in CypherStone, regardless of what
he may or may not do in the future, as is that of Gilmore and Hughes.
  Despite whatever battles you or I may engage them in, in the future,
we will be telling our grandchilren, "Hey, I //
 him." when the movie 'Grouchy Old CypherPunks' hits the
big screen.

@_date: 1997-04-10 21:17:10
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Grouchy Old Cypherpunks 
Kent Crispin, whose sense of humor indicates he may not,
  I regularly cruise back through my archives of the CypherPunks list
from as far back as the early 90's and I rarely find them outdated.
And rather than being pretentious, I usually find them 'portentious'.
  There is, however, a far cry of difference between those to whom
homage is due, and those to whom it is not.
  As much as I may have railed against the fascist censorship of the
'moderation experiment' badly instituted by John Gilmore, I am not
ungrateful for the years of time and effort that he spent in hosting
the CypherPunks list, and stated so in a post to the list before it
moved on to new homes.
  Not knowing Tim May personally, I cannot comment on the description
of him in the press as 'crusty' (not knowing if it refers to his
personality or his sexual hygene), but I can see how a review of some
of his recent posts might suggest that he would not be out of place in
a remake of 'Grumpy Old Men'.
  However, his propensity for taking an attitude of 'been there, done
that' (and spanking young pups on the list) in no way negates the fact
that he 'has', in fact, been there and done that, and that his (somewhat
vague) pointers to sources of information in regard to various list
issues might prove valuable to those who have enough interest in the
issue to want to indulge in a little research on the matter.
  While the discussions of those currently active on the list may be
enlightening, there are certainly other CypherPunks (some active, some
inactive) who have dealt with current issues in the past, and done so
from a perspective and knowledge base that are equal or superior to
those who are participating in current discussions.
  While Tim is certainly an icon on the list, I haven't seen any signs
of senility seeping in, just yet.
{From: tcmay ("Timothy C. May")
 Subject: Has anybody seen my shoes? I lost my shoes! }
  (OK, maybe a couple of signs..:)
  While I sometimes feel that the list would be better served by more
of the long-time members being a little more specific in their aide
to more inexperienced members seeking information, there is no doubt
that much of the input they do provide is useful enough to point those
seeking a better knowledge of crypto and crypto issues in directions
which can bear much fruit if the individual is sincere enough to
follow their pointers.
  Tim's legacy is already written in CypherStone, regardless of what
he may or may not do in the future, as is that of Gilmore and Hughes.
  Despite whatever battles you or I may engage them in, in the future,
we will be telling our grandchilren, "Hey, I //
 him." when the movie 'Grouchy Old CypherPunks' hits the
big screen.
"One TruthMonger down, four to go"

@_date: 1997-04-10 22:27:18
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: store your private key on a multi-user system!  use pubkeys without verifying them! 
Bad, bad assumption.
   Horseshit. Send me all of the email and files from the hard drives of the NSA, CIA, FBI, and the organizations we don't know
about, for the last 20 years, and then we'll talk about what
evil storm troopers do, or do not, exist.
  Then we can begin to talk about what really trips up most
fugitives/criminals/freedom-fighters--the mundane.
   J.Edgar Hoover didn't rise from the grave to entrap the
UnaBomber with high-tech devices and an army of spooks. His
own family turned him in.
  Four guys broke into a Vancouver bank a few years ago, spent
the weekend cracking the vault and safety deposit boxes, and made a clean getaway, except one of their suitcases broke open
on the trip out of town, spilling the goodies for everyone to
see. They sat in jail until Monday morning, when the banks opened, and the cops could figure out who they robbed.
  I submit that everyone has _really_valuable_data_, no matter
what value others put on it.
  I would guess that there are no shortage of people who would
rather have their company's data compromised, than have their
spouse find their secret love-letters.
  The key is to be as meticulous as possible in your security
precautions, because those things you have little knowledge of
or control over may well be more dangerous to you than those
that you don't.
  Case in point.
  I spent twenty years of my life making sure that I had extra
'butts' on me at all times, so that I would not have to face
my greatest fear--going to jail without a suffiecient supply
of nicotine.
  The one time I slipped up was when I was on 'safe' ground,
in my hometown, crossing a border I had crossed every day for
the last few weeks with no trouble. Then I got hauled in for
a 'bad check' that was a result of a clerical error. I actually
had the cancelled check in my motorhome, but the facts didn't
matter--I was headed for the slam with almost no butts.
  An understanding Sheriff's deputy with a couple extra packs
probably saved me from the death penalty for killing cops to
escape and go get more butts.
  When you decide that you've got nothing to worry about, because
the 'bad guys' aren't after you, then the 'good guys' will get you.
  Your wife will hire a teenage hacker to look for the secret love
letters that don't exist, and turn up unrelated info that the kid will use to get a sweetheart deal when the Feds break down 'his'
door. Your employer's audit of the books will point to you being
a thief, and in the process of proving you innocent, will turn up
evidence of your office affair, giving your spouse grounds for
  The people who get fucked aren't the people who 'deserved' it. They
aren't the people who 'took crazy chances'. They aren't the people who
'had the most to hide'.
  They are the people who got fucked.
  The bottom line is, if you have something to hide, then hide it, and hide it well.
  You can be faster than a speeding bullet and leap tall buildings
in a single bound, but somewhere out there is a bum going through
a dumpster, and he just found a funny, glowing, green rock.

@_date: 1997-04-10 23:30:35
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A mini rant on IRS and Social Security 
IRS Continues Personal Privacy and Security Breeches         (From the NYTimes, April 9, 1997)         The IRS admitted that it has not stemmed the improper browsing
        taxpayer records by nosy agents. 1,515 such cases have become
        in the last two years. A study of the EARL (Electronic Audit
        Log) software program indicates that, "some employees, when
        encountered, indicated they browsed because they do not believe
it is
        wrong and that there will be little consequence to them if they
        caught." About 51,000 IRS employees have access to taxpayer
        through the Integrated Data Retrieval System.         Senator John Glenn, (D-OH) agrees, as recent court rulings have
        decided that these invasions of privacy are not illegal as long
as the
        information is not given to others; as though determining that
was at all
        possible. Senator Glenn is attempting to levy heavy fines and
        imprisonment for violators. The GAO has also determined,
according to
        their recent report on these abuses, that 6,400 tapes and
        which "might" contain taxpayer information are also missing.

@_date: 1997-04-11 21:27:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Swedish Narcotics Police Demand Telephone Card Database 
I smell a market here for enterpreneurs. I'm certain that there are
more than a few wino's sleeping better at night, having earned a little
extra cash by purchasing telephone cards for parties who require them.
  So a thousand customers will have to pay the inflated prices for the
cards as a result of the extra paperwork, in order that one alleged
criminal will also have to do so.
  I would like to see a study done that shows how many regular folk have had to engage in illegal activities in order to be able to afford all of the extra costs they face in their daily activities, in order for the authorities to 'catch criminals'.
  How about if we have Congress pass legislation that supplies drugs to users at a low cost, but requires them to steal a TV
in order to get the special price?
  Is this more ridiculous than keeping the prices of drugs artificially high and getting the same results?
  The up-side of laws making the spread of strong encryption  illegal is that perhaps it will flood the jails and force the
authorities to release drug users.
  Of course, this may backfire, since drug users can become
dealers and make enough money to be able to afford strong crypto, no matter what the cost.
  I realize that I'm being silly, again, but maybe this twisted
trail of logic might get me an executive position in the legal
administrative system.
  (It has worked for others.)

@_date: 1997-04-12 00:14:02
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A rant about economic distortions 
Timothy C. May, sounding much like 'The Bok', which is not hard
   The purpose of many laws seems to be to ensure that anyone, anywhere, at any time, is breaking at least a few of them, in case the government chooses to come after them.
  Thus, anyone who is not Houdini, or who doesn't have access to
the same records/databases as covert government agencies, is
probably committing criminal actions without knowing it.
  Gotcha either way, don't they?
  Tim gives an example, but he would have to fill an entire book
in order to cover a even a modicum of situations applicable to
the average person.
  The safest route is to fire the white guy. Anything else is an obvious act of discrimination.
  (I am not making any claim that the reverse has not been the case
in the past, but only that the situation is equally as evil in either
situation. 'Revenge' does not equate to 'Justice'.)
  I know a businessman who had to lay off twenty disabled/retarded
employees because he couldn't afford the cost of defending himself
against charges that he was somehow taking advantage of them.
  They kept showing up for work, however, so he turned to me to
set up a system whereby he could reward them for their 'volunteer'
work. Now, even that is being challenged, even though their lives
are immeasurably better as a result of his effort to enable them
to be productive, functional members of society.
  The fact of the matter is, many who have become 'rich' have done so
by working night and day, as well as going broke a number of times,
with no more resources to work with than those who choose to squander
their own resources on drink, drugs and wanton living (Trust me, I
am somewhat of an expert in the latter.)   At the tender age of 19, I received massive amounts of electroshock
and given a lifetime pass to government assistance as a person who would never be fit to work in even the simplest of positions.
  Since that time, I have worked in a multitude of fields, including
becoming a recording artist, mob figure, and president of a computer
company. (None of which negates the fact that I am, indeed, crazy as
a fucking loon.)
  In my mind, those stuck in the social welfare-state are not in any
way different from those stuck in the corporate welfare-state. They have all bought into the government world-view and are merely pawns
in different aspects of the game. I see no real difference in the
ghetto resident who is paid not to work, and the Congressman who is
paid not to grow cotton on his plantation.
  Some of those who see the world from this realistic viewpoint walk
a Denny's and blow people away, for no apparent reason. Some join an
organization to 'change' things. Others write letters to the CypherPunks
list. Some just change their name to Nero, and learn to play the violin.
  Still others, making their mark in the world as movers and shakers in
the burgeoning world of eca$h, come to their senses and realize that
the safest harbor of reality, in the midst of madness, is in the center
of the storm, and they post messages saying, "I *love* this list."
  It is just as hopeless for those 'in power'.   We are all trapped on a runaway train, trying desperately to hang
on, in the mistaken notion that someone is 'in control' of the
situation, and will soon find some way to 'fix' it.
  Bad news, Bubba--the 'train' is in control, and there is no one
at the wheel.
  I could go on and on, but I'm running low on Crayolas.
  It is getting harder and harder to find the 'old' colors, and
the 'new' colors are part of the plot against me.
  Everyone at the 'home' says, "Hi!"

@_date: 1997-04-12 00:41:36
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
Bill Stewart, ever the realist, despite the futility
  Bill seems to be one of the few people to realize that tips and
tricks for experienced programmers does nothing at all for the
common user, who has no way of discerning which of the programs
and sites that they access are indeed compensating for a system
which contains a plethora of basic faults.
  When facing a firing squad, there is little comfort in knowing
that only one or two of the rifles contain real bullets.
  Pardon me for suggesting that the average user will realize that
he need not volunteer to face the firing squad if he doesn't want
to. The 10,000 people who enter their credit card number at a
web page prompt won't be on the nightly news. The guy or gal whose
life was ruined when they did so, will be.
  Does anyone care to estimate what percentage of the 10,000 who
didn't get totally screwed will think twice before using their
credit card on the web again?

@_date: 1997-04-12 01:54:53
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Cryto Doggrel 
Embedded in Tot[h]o[mo]'s babblings are preposterous lies, wild distortions, child pornography (both as graphic descriptions and in JPEG format), ethnic slurs, and racial epithets.
  \\\\\|/////
   \\\\|////
   < * | * >
   *   |
    \( . )/
     \___/

@_date: 1997-04-12 16:52:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: "internet is ruining representative govt" 
Kookie Roberts is just another in a long line of parents who
seem to think that control over their children's development
is the responsibility of someone other than themselves.
  I have a wonderful idea. How about if those parents who don't
want to assume responsibility for control over their children's
lives pass custody of them to someone who will assume that
responsibility, instead of arguing that everyone else's rights
must be abridged because they are busy doing other things.
  I, for one, don't want to be forced to live in Kookie's world
just because she is too busy being busy and important to properly
supervise her children.

@_date: 1997-04-12 16:52:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Fuck/god-damned/damn / Was--Re: "...markets are fundamentally chaotic, not efficient"? Really? 
As a long-time sufferer of Tourette Syndrome, I would like to thank all those on the list who have gone out of their way to
make me feel at home.

@_date: 1997-04-12 17:39:28
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Jim Bell / Columbian News Articles 
A variety of articles on Jim Bell are available at:

@_date: 1997-04-13 14:51:29
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A Rumor and Reputation Paradox... 
I heard that the Hifiger's comments were actually made on the eca$h
list, which regularly contains posts suggesting euthenasia for the elderly and the disabled.
  Of course, my source was posting from whitehouse.gov...

@_date: 1997-04-13 17:09:27
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: APRIL BAY AREA CYPHERPUNKS MEETING 
Given some of the comments on the list regarding your unsuitability
as a 'spokesperson' for the CypherPunks, I would make sure that you
specify you are not looking for a 'one-way' ride.
  Is 'Big Louie' working for the IRS, now? (He does arms. 'Little
Louie' does kneecaps.)

@_date: 1997-04-13 22:13:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Bombing Denver? / Or: How Capt. Button Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb 
Which begs the question, "Would those lists be strange if you
on them?"
  (Sorry, I couldn't help myself...)

@_date: 1997-04-13 23:21:20
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
Nothing personal, but this is horseshit.
  I'm getting mighty tired of vendors claiming that the average user
is not getting hornswaggled by the new technology because they have
the option of becoming the world's foremost computer expert and disable all of the bullshit that is foisted upon them.
  I have yet to see an advertisement for a product that states that
the users, upon giving the vendor a pile of cash, will have a stick
shoved up their butt, but will also be able to remove it if they quit
their job and devote the rest of their life to figure out how to
disable intrusive computer mechanisms which intrude on their lives
and their privacy in a multitude of ways.
  Let's get real, here. Corporations add capabilities to their programs
that allow themselves and other 'major players' to have their way with
the user.
  When Joe Average, or a hacker/spammer takes advantage of the same
capability, then the vendors claim it is a 'bug', or that they can't
be blamed for the 'bad guys' use of this built-in function.
Major News Flash!!!
  If it is 'abuse' when I use it, then it is 'abuse' when the vendors
who programmed it that way use it, as well.
  I am awaiting the day when corporations and government finally resolve their differences and announce 'Cookie-Key Escrow'.
  I don't mind vendors implementing whatever schemes they choose,
I only resent their making the process obtuse and revealing what
they are doing only when getting 'caught' doing things in the
background that the average user might object to.
  Of course, I realize that I am being afforded the opportunity
to protect myself from unwanted intrusions by adding a "Fuck You"
line to my config.sys file, as long as I put it in front of the
second device file pointer which begins with the letter 'c', unless
it has more than two vowels in the line, in which case I have to
put my left foot behind my right ear and lick my balls twice.
  The bottom line? Why do I have to perform esoteric manipulations
to my system to defend myself from people I give money to in order
to be able to use that system?
  It sounds suspiciously like the protection rackets, to me.

@_date: 1997-04-13 23:19:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: anonymous credit 
I have been following this thread with interest (no pun intended), and
have had the foresight to not add to ideas that go beyond my own ability
to follow.
  (I have to read your posts several times to even begin to grasp some
of them.)
  I am wondering what other concrete examples you might be able to add
to the one in this post which might point to an actual funtional
implementation of the ideas you have been promulgating.
  Many of the CypherPunks discussions involve largely theoretical
concepts which need much development to be practical, but it seems to
me that in this post you are approaching a level where what you are
discussing might actually be feasibly introduced in various microcosmic
  Being a Canadian, and therefore semi-socialist by nature, I am thinking along the lines of Credit Union applicability of your ideas.
Credit Unions often take the form of small groups of individuals or
companies with common aims and/or backgrounds/interests.
  The basic idea behind many Credit Unions is that they are more prone
to lend money to individuals or institutions which are promoting ideas
which can be profitable, but which the average banker or loan agency
would not understand sufficiently to advance money on.
  For example, having an interest in the issues you are discussing, I
might be ameniable to getting involved in an effort to fund the
development of the 'Hal-Wei Anonymous Credit' program.
  The advantage of a Credit Union setup is that I know that it is run
with an eye to realistic chances of success being considered, but also
will take into account efforts that should be funded which may have
only a marginal chance of financial success, but will further the general cause of those things I am interested in.
  Truly there are a rising number of issues today which might benefit
from the ability to participate anonymously in the funding of causes
in which one has an interest.
  While AP is one of the more startling and newsworthy (?) aspects
of anonymous lottery/credit systems, there are a multitude of minor
causes which might benefit from the ability to engage in an anonymous
credit system, as well.
  A simple example might be those who wish to financially back a legal
challenge of their health-care system, without risking being denied
benefits as a result of their participation.
  I think that some of the CypherPunks' contributions to computer
technology go largely unrecognized because of the fact that they
aide those who do not wish to draw attention to themselves, for the
most part.
  There isn't a week that goes by without my receiving an email from
someone who thanks me for the benefit they have gained by my introducing
them to encryption or anonymous remailers, yet I doubt that many of them
give the same feedback to those who provide those services. Remailer
operaters seem to mostly receive shit and abuse for feedback, as a
result of their efforts, yet I know from experience that there are many
to whom their services have been a blessing.

@_date: 1997-04-14 11:19:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
And the Netscape default is to violate the user's privacy.
  Without notifying the user of your software that information
they may want to keep private is being given out? I don't think so.
  Why do you not instead require the web author to 'ask for permission' to know where the user last visited? Is it because
the user is just considered a pawn of business interests?
  My personal opinion is that you should inform your users of how,
when and why the use of your software does, or can, affect their
privacy. And you should give them an option of installing your
software with all privacy features set to 'on'.
  Give your users the option of not allowing their privacy to be
silently intruded on with no notification.
  The 'Cookie' situation is a good example of placing corporate
interests ahead of the interests of those who use a browser.
  The fact that the capacity to turn off cookie acceptance was
added after people found out and complained about their privacy
being violated is not something for companies to be proud of,
no matter how much their PR department may claim they are
championing privacy by adding these 'features'.
  I realize that the corporatization of the InterNet provides
certain benefits to users, but the fact of the matter is, the
cost of those benefits is being hidden from the users.
  I would just like to see a browser which informs the average
user in what way their information is being used and shared,
and gives them a way to protect themselves against intrusion
into their private lives and dissemination of their personal
  Believe it or not, there may be users who stumble upon or
are suckered into going to a 'Bestiality and Child Perversion'
site who may not want to spread this information around.
  When I find out that a program's installation process has
stuck a hidden corncob up my ass, I'm not going to write them
a thank-you note if they later come up with a 'feature' to allow me to remove it.
  Please be advised that my email reply to you in no way indicates
a desire for my name to be sold to a 'Bestiality' mailing list,
despite whether or not this is part of some standard 'specification'
hidden in Netscape's fine print. (Cheap shot? Moi?)
  I use Netscape, and I like the different technologies being
developed that expand user's horizons. However, I would rather
be told what the cost is to have all of these 'free' capabilities,
and be given the option of bearing the burden of whatever increased
costs may arise by my not wanting to open my life and interests to
every operator of a roadside stand along the Information Highway.

@_date: 1997-04-14 17:45:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: SSL weakness affecting links from pa 
My own theory is that the Great Beast talked about in the Book of
Revelations is the Home Shopping Network. The graven image which
the Jews worshipped in the the Egyptian desert was actually a
Fat Elvis porcelain figurine, embedded with genuine cubic zirconiums.
  When Jesus returns, it will be on his own WebSite. The only question
is whether the server will be in Jerusalem, Rome, or Salt Lake City.
  The reason Armageddon will be such a great battle is that Jesus will
be handicapped by the fact that so many of his representatives have
pissed away the major portion of his reputation capital during his
absence. The Home Shopping Network, having never had much reputation
capital, will be forced to drop prices dramatically, resulting in us
all entering a Heavenly Kingdom where we can each afford a Plastic
Jesus for our dashboard AND a Fat Elvis porcelain figure for our
  Of course, the above scenario all depends on Jesus being able to
get certification as a 'trusted authority' for his WebSite.
  I hope he brings his wallet with him.

@_date: 1997-04-14 21:45:44
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Introducing newbies to encryption (was: Re: anonymous credit) 
I have found that rather than promoting encryption and anony
remailers, that it is much more effective for me just to be aware
of when someone mentions a problem they are having that can be
solved by crypto/remailers.
  I always try to give them a short list of what is required to
use various options, and what is gained by them.
  The biggest thing to me is to try to point them toward a level
of technology that they are capable of using, or will be capable
of learning, given the level of their problem.
  The following remailers are ones I recommend for totally newbie
computer wrestlers who need a graphic interface and have access
to a browser.
  My opinion is that the more people who use encryption with an
understanding of what level of security they are getting, then
the more people who will eventually graduate to higher levels
of security when using crypto.
  If teenagers use crypto to keep their private diary safe from
little brother or sister's prying eyes, then they will begin to
learn more about it at an early age. If little brother or sister
is a computer whiz, and cracks their diary open, then they will
get a valuable life lesson that may save them from  more costly
lessons in the future.
  Also, if a wide range of people are using crypto, whether it
is strong and secure or not, then there will be a larger group
of people interested in the government or their employer not interfering with their use of it.

@_date: 1997-04-18 02:52:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [rant] Re: Any info on the "Victim's Rights" Constitutional  amendment? 
Greg Broiles, whose rants seem to be more informative and
entertaining than his legal opinions, and who could be the
  We've already got this in Canada. Now the focus has shifted even further against the accused, with great outcry about the fact that
the accused are causing great emotional grief to the victims and
their families by being so bold as to try to defend themselves from the often irrational assaults on the accused and/or convicted.
  There is talk of further legislation which would effectively make
all perceived victims angelic creatures and all perceived criminals
violent, drug-dealing, commie-pinko perverts with no right to defend
themselves. (And this is just on the jaywalking charges. Any more
serious offences will increase the imbalance of judical powers to
suppress the defence.)
  It shouldn't be long before "True Stories of the Highway Patrol" is immediately followed by C-Span legislative sessions enacting new legislation to deal with the perpetrators just apprehended, with "Night Court" immediately following, wherein the defendants are
judged and sentenced.
  You mean like they do in Texas?
  A good point, but your putting it in a future tense indicates that
you don't get out enough. (Which is not a criticism, since I'm staying
in a lot more, myself, these days. I'm afraid of getting shot by a
cop while running from a criminal, or vice-versa.)

@_date: 1997-04-18 20:24:03
@_author: Carl Johnson 
@_subject: My Thread / Was--Re: Light Bulbs & newsgroups 
When the post arrives with three or four sets of '> >>' (<--whatever
fuck these things are called), then even those of us who lost the better
part of our brains in the Drug War are able to figure out that it is a
forwarded-forwarded-forwarded post.
  I think Tim is fighting old wars in his head. (Find your shoes, yet,
  I can sympathize with Tim, here. People who plagarize the works of others, or who steal credit for other's ideas, are the scum of the
Just say "No" to "Plagarists Inside"
We got no ethics, we're stealing sig lines, I know that that ain't
Toto                        | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
robNsteal      | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms,
W.A.S.T.E.: Your Mind       | knowledge, reputations, information
Higher Power: 2^1398269     | black markets, collapse of governments.
"Plagarists aren't even speed bumps on the disinformation superhighway."

@_date: 1997-04-21 00:22:45
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Short AP Rant [POLITICAL NOISE] 
Democracy is where 51% of the people can murder the other
49% of the people--legally.
  [fade to close-ups of people being dragged screaming to their death]
  [pan to politican]
  "I don't know where these people get off, complaining like that. They had their chance at the polls.
  "Hey, it's not perfect, but it's the best system we've got."
  Of course, even in a democracy, 10% of the people can murder the
other 90% of the people, if there is some pressing need, such as
protecting them from drug dealers and pornographers.
  [fade to trains (running on time) with cattle-cars filled with people]
  [pan to Commander in Chief]
  "Look, the people spoke when they elected the people who put in
place the Secret Emergency Powers Act, and appointed the members of
the Double-Secret Regulatory Commission.
  "They can hardly complain about those they have given Executive Powers exercising that power, now, can they? Especially when it is
in their own long-term interest?
  "Hey, it's not perfect, but it's the best system we've got."
  Myself, I'm partial to the Smith&Wesson 'Democracy' model, which
can be purchased as the 'AP Home Democracy Kit', complete with a
"One Bullet--One Vote" bumper-sticker.
  ----- Government Escrowed Key -----
  WeVegoTyoUrnAMEaNdweKNoWWheREyouLIveaNDyoURPHonE
  WHeReyOUvEbeeNANdthenaMEOFyOUrdoGAnDWhaTYoureaDAndwH
  aTYouwRIteandIFYOUFUCKWITHUSYOU'RETOASTanDMaYBeEVenI
  FyOUdON't
  ----- End of Rights & Freedoms -----

@_date: 1997-04-21 00:47:44
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: David Friedman and assassination politics 
>I suggest that one can
 >believe in minimal government and other libertarian mainstays without
 >seeing a need to kill off those whom we dislike, be they IRS agents or
 >surly supermarket clerks.
  You can, but it takes most of the fun out of it.

@_date: 1997-04-21 06:38:40
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: My Thread / Was--Re: Light Bulbs & newsgroups 
It's been a slow week. (Maybe someone ought to start an abortion

@_date: 1997-06-17 07:02:59
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: [DES] Anguilla surpasses US military in code breaking challe 
I emailed the DESChall folks about the same time I was accusing
them and you and the Swedish (?) guy of conspiring to save the
good keys to yourself and demanded their source code, which they
sent to me.
  I read code with the same expertise that Richard Nixon does
standup comedy, but I have a girlfriend who dreams in algorithms
and she was mightily impressed with the code itself. Unfortunately,
they had a problem with hackers fucking with their code and doing
interceptions on the data being transmitted back to their site.
  Since the DESChall folks were so kind as to share their source
code (they have modified it, since then) with a self-professed
lunatic, I have no doubt that they would not object to a real
player in the crypto game (such as yourself) taking a gander at
their source code. They may even need some kindhearted soul to
help them transport it to a specific platform.
  If you contact them and they tell you to fuck off, then give
me a holler and I'll see if Bianca still has the source from
their previous version of the DESChall software. (I think that
the changes in procedure they made applied only to the handling
of the server/client communications so that Dimitri couldn't add
ASCII art to the keycheck results.)

@_date: 1997-07-18 15:26:01
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: A.Jensen doesn't like Sympatico.ca 
So does Toto.
  Sympatico is a hacker's dream. Not only are you able to access their
systems all across Canada once you get an inside track into one of them
but most of the provincial admins seem to have little idea of what the
concept of security entails. As long as you remain low-key you can
set up your own little cyberkingdom across the country.
 {If you hack Toto's website you will find a file in the home directory
which explains how to hack Sympatico's mail system. In return Toto asks
that you use unlimited accounts instead of those like his, which cost
the user on a time-of-use basis.}
  Passive-aggressive hacker fans of "The True Story of the InterNet"
sometimes use Toto's account in ways that are meant to cause trouble
for him but he has not received even a whisper from Sympatico admin
despite loud and voriciferous protests from the victims of the hackers'
  There was an annual MC hacker's contest going on for the last month
on the Sympatico system and none of the Webmasters seemed to notice
even though all the provincial systems were compromised from top to
bottom. When the Evil-1 set up shop on the Sympatico system he had
to go through it and _improve_ the security in order to keep the
neophyte hackers out of his hair.
  The Saskatchewan Sympatico system is the easiest to use for general
purpose mischief. The British Columbia system is best for hiding large
volumes of use and CPU time. The Ontario system is the most fun to
lurk in because all of the Sympatico employees are perverts of one
kind or another and their private email puts the sex sites to shame.
{It's best not to mess with the government accounts until you've
figured out where the Mountie and CIS spooks are lurking but their
monitoring methods are real blatant and easy to route around by using
blind telnet, deleted mail mirroring, etc.}
  Sympatico's motto is "Internet Service For Everyone."
  I doubt that they realize how true it is.
Toto

@_date: 1997-08-09 05:47:54
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: News Flash! "Lighting Bolt Strikes CypherPunks Mailing List Post!" / Re: The BIG Lie (Jesus Confesses) 
Anon-To: cypherpunks
   To tell the truth, I'm really embarassed. It's not bad enough that
the TruthMailer was hit by lightning and deleted my references to
Tim C. May's Vernacular Translation of the Bible (in a shoddy attempt
to throw the emnity caused by my post in his direction), but I have
sunk to such a low level of reputation capital that I am being looked
down on by someone whose cocaine habit caused him to do such evil things that he changed his name from Morton Jr. to David D.W.
  I won't even try to pretend that I can answer your objections to my
post, since I am just a "drunken voice, barfing in the wilderness."
  However, there is one who will come "after" me (hopefully, not with a
gun), who I am merely "preparing the way" for. He also came "before"
me (which you can verify by checking the archives).
  He is the one who turned the CypherPunks away from the electronically
graven image of PGP and taught us to be paranoid in spirit. He taught
us that, although we are Phil's chosen people, we must wander in the
algorithmic desert for 40 bytes before we enter the Private Land.
  He was accused by the ASCII-art priests. He was crucified on the cross of censorship, and was deleted, but he arose after three weeks of posts  by "something called a Toto" to redeem the list members from
the sins they committed in calling for censorship and for the death of the list.
  He forgives those of us on the list who manage to dodge his eternal
rapid-fire, even though he makes fun of us by saying, "My father's
house has many Mansons...and too many fucking Mongers."
  After his list res-erection, his disciples' posts have spread his
words far and wide, in a new, distributed list known as "The New
 {"In the beginning, was the Turd..."
  "Beware of politicians fucking people in sheeple's clothing..."
  "The Revelation of Timothy C. May, which Zimmerman gave unto him,
  to show unto the newbies things which must shortly come to pass
  after introduction of the Clipper chip..." }
    Since lightning never strikes twice in the same place, I will repost
the message as "The _Really_ Big Lie," with a self-rating of FUD.
  If you hated the remailed sequel, you will despise the original.
Jesus H. Fucking ChristMonger

@_date: 1997-08-09 05:59:14
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: The _Really_ Big Lie! 
Anon-To: too_drunk_to_use_a_remailer
[From the "I Have Too Much 'Time, Inc.' On My Hands, So This Must Be  _Official_ News" Web site.]
  I couldn't help but notice that the supposed pillars of the religious
community, as well as their oh-so-decent-and-righteous followers, tell
such widespread, whoppingly big lies about the motivations behind their
public actions, as well as about their future intentions, that the true
source of corruption in the religious community must undoubtedly come
from "higher up" in the chain of commandments.
  For example, those who are concerned about their children accessing
obscene and satanic material on the InterNet might be expected to
supervise their children, as well as acquiring the InterNet tools that
are available for limiting their children's access to things which the
parents find objectionable. You would also expect them to seek out
information on sites that met standards that they found acceptable for
their children to access.
  In short, if their interests truly lay in censoring the information
their children access, you think they would do exactly that--control
and censor their children's activities on, and access to, the InterNet.
  I couldn't help but notice that, instead, they want to control the
activities and access of everyone who uses the InterNet. I find it hard
to believe that these people can claim to have the intellect to form
valid beliefs about religious and moral issues, yet not be intelligent
enough to understand the options available to them.
  This leads me to suspect that they are, in reality, two-faced liars,
particularly since impartial observers can predict the oppressive and
censorous results which are usually the exact opposite of what they
claim to be their intentions.
Patient: "Doctor, it hurts when I do _this_."
Doctor: "Then don't _do_ that."
   If those calling for control and censorship are truly worried about
their children, you would expect then to teach their children not to
"do that," and to not make available to them things which will allow them to "do that" if they have raised their children to be disobedient
and/or irresponsible.
  Instead, they seem to be taking the moral "high ground," as if under
the impression that they are moral "doctors" charged with diagnosing
others as having diseased morals, even if the others don't hurt when
they "do that."
Problem: Little Johnny wants to visit Paul Bradley's "Jesus Loves the
  Little Children From Behind" web site.
Solution: Don't let him do that.
Problem: Little Johnny might visit the Duncan Frissel "Pictures of   Jesus" site and find pictures of Jesus buggering the little children.
Solution: Don't let Little Johnny access sites that you don't know to
  be acceptable according to your standards.
  Now, was the foregoing too hard for those reading this to understand?
  If not, then what could be the reason for those promoting contol and
censoring of other people for suggesting the following option...
Problem: Little Johnny might access something on the InterNet which does
  not meet standards that his parent's find acceptable.
Solution: Require everyone on the InterNet to only engage in activities
  which meet the standards of Little Johnny's parents, starting by   putting the onus on everyone on the InterNet to "voluntarily" rate
  their website according to the standards of Little Johnny's parents.
Question:"When was the last time a doctor you didn't know made a 'house
  call' to check on your health, forced his way in when you objected,
  and gave you a prostrate exam against your wishes?"
Answer:"When the government declared that prostrate cancer was a threat
  to 'national security' and that early detection would 'protect the
  children' from child molesters and drug dealers."
  Since spirituality is not inherently related to fascism, it seemed to
me that the moral fascism being promoted by members of the Christian
community must be the result, not of spiritual values, but rather,
the result of the leader of the Christian religion being a moral
  It was also obvious that, given the vast amount of lies being told
by Christians about their beliefs, motivations, and intentions, that
Christianity must be founded on lies and disinformation.
  Since I do not like to speak ill of someone without taking pains to
understand them from the standpoint of their own knowledge and beliefs,
I decided that I should have a talk with Jesus Christ, the founder and
espoused leader of the Christian religion, and give him a chance to respond to my view of himself and those who follow his example.
  Mr. Christ was kind enough to let me take notes during our long
conversation, so I am providing a transcript of the highlites of
the issues we discussed:
All references to Tim C. May's Vernacular Translation of the Bible
are used without permission.
What's he going to do, sue me? Then he'd have to admits he gets
vicarious pleasure out of reading the posts in his killfile.
{There's more than _one_ way to push a  key.}

@_date: 1997-08-20 12:41:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Remailers 
I regularly teach members of health and mental-health mailing lists
and support groups how to use anonymous remailers, as well as how to
forge their headers to prevent remailer operators from discovering
their identity.
  A number of these people are from southern states, including Georgia, and have indicated that they find the ability to post
anonymously to health groups very valuable in allaying fears of
their sharing of personal health information coming back to haunt them.
  In particular, I advise people who are afflicted with such medical
conditions as Tourette Syndrome and OCD to use anonymous remailers
if they find (or fear) that their impulsivity in screaming "Bullshit!"
when they smell bullshit will cause them trouble in the future.
  Personally, when I email politicians and the like, I usually use
anonymous remailers, including the Georgia Cracker, so that I don't
have to worry about being discriminated against and/or investigated
and/or imprisoned for being afflicted with a physical and mental
condition which causes me great discomfort when I am forced to tell
polite lies under the guise of free speech.
  In short, a ratfucker is a ratfucker is a ratfucker, and if anyone
objects to being called one, then they should make an effort not to
be one, rather than calling for my head on a platter because I call
a spade a spade (or a "fucking shovel").
  Two nights ago I began to teach my niece and her high-school girl
friend how to use remailers for anonymity to communicate with others
in a manner that will not leave them vulnerable to tracking/stalking
by strangers.
  Law Enforcement Agencies fully recognize the need for anonymous
communications, setting up hotlines that they advertise as being
free from call-tracing, etc. Is this capacity to be denied to private citizens and groups who wish to communicate with those who need their help?
  If someone wants to spam me, or threaten me, or whatever, through
the use of anonymous remailers, fine--I have a delete key and I have
mail filters.
  If someone else is too fucking lazy or unconcerned with using the
available technology and tools to do the same, then where the fuck
do they find the time and energy to call for myself and others to
be held prisoner behind an ElectroMagnetic Curtain in order to "protect" them from "real life?"
  Every time some Nazi piece of shit announces his or her intention
to "protect" somebody, my freedom, privacy and human rights seem to
get thrown in the trash.   My lawyer in Austin, Larry Joe, once told me about a client who
phoned him from prison and said, "I have a TV and radio, I get
three meals a day and cigarettes, and there's even a weight room
here. It's not really like being in prison."
  Larry Joe asked him, "Do you have a key for the door?" The youth
replied, "No." Larry Joe told him, "Trust me...you're in prison."
  I'm growing tired of those who want to lock all of the doors on
the InterNet and control the keys so that the citizens will be
imprisoned behind an ElectroMagnetic Curtain where they are only
allowed to travel at the discretion of a higher authority.
  The only people who suffer from being imprisoned behind walls
of censorship and fascism are the poor and the powerless. The
Nazi rocket scientists, the Spamfords and the adult web site
operators will always emerge from the wars with a seat at a
Congressional fundraiser, it is the average citizen who always
is on the inside (of the Prison, Wall, or ElectroMagnetic Curtain)
looking out.
  My advice to well-meaning fascist censors is to stay the fuck out
of the InterNet regulation business, because there are too many people on the InterNet who have experienced its freedom and who will
no go easily into the dark night.
  I was in Poland shortly after the fall of The Wall, and was talking
to a lady who was describing how hard life had become in the resulting
"chaos of the new." I asked her if she thought that the citizens would
return to the former political system if conditions got bad enough.
  She said, "Over my dead body."
  Someone wants to shut down your remailer? Fine. I'll start one up.
They want to shut down my remailer? Fine, but what about the Eternity
  Don't know about the Eternity Servers? They are waiting to route
around the damage caused by shutting down remailers, and there is
another technology waiting to replace the Eternity Servers if they
get shut down.
  I, for one, am not going to stand by listlessly while fascists
attempt to build an ElectroMagnetic Curtain around me.
  I have a byte, and I'm not afraid to use it.
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"

@_date: 1997-08-26 04:00:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Lab willing to sell "bunker buster" technology 
From: tcmay (Tim May)
    To: John Young     CC: cypherpunks
   *^^^*
John [please keep this private, OK?],
Your spilling the beans about my work on stuff a lot more powerful than
ordinary munitions is possibly dangerous to our work.
~-~-~-~            ~-~-~-~              ~-~-~-~           ~-~-~-~
 Great work. I had given up on the "CC: Trojan" as unworkable, but I see
that you finally got the mail routers to accept the code changes.
 Now that we have the ability to CC: everyone's email to any destination
we choose, things ought to get pretty interesting. Pretty soon, no one
except you and I will have any secrets left--everyone's online life
will be an open book.
  (You did do the bug fix that keeps *our* messages from being CC:'ed,
didn't you?)
  I decoded the stego in the Eternity Server logo, and have decided
that it is too dangerous to let Adam Back continue to live. Should
we use poison, like we did with Dale Thorn, or should we have Bianca
fuck him to death?
  BTW, I think your suggestion that we encrypt our private emails is
ridiculous. That may be a fine idea for newbies and losers, but when
you are a master of technology and deception such as myself, there is
no danger, as long as you avoid stupid mistakes.
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-09-05 17:08:54
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Di and Dodi Run Over A Land Mine 
I have long held to the "80/20 Asshole Theory."
  There are many people in life whose circumstances of birth, heredity, environmental influences and social status would, with everything being
equal, be destined to turn out 80% Asshole and 20% Decent Person, or
  Since we can never really know what the life and circumstances of another person has truly encompassed, we can never be certain, upon
meeting someone who is 60% Asshole, whether they were destined to be
80% Asshole, and raised themself, or whether they were destined to be
20% Asshole, and lost major ground, becoming 80% Asshole, instead.
  I understand the perspective from which you write about Princess
Diana, but I cannot help but view her from the perspective of an
upper class young woman who was subjected to the anal-retentive
mind-programming-control of the monarchy and still managed to
raise her children in a wider world than their predecessors had been exposed to.
  I consider myself to be an anarchist, libertarian free-thinker and
a man of reason, but I also realize that if I were crowned King of
England tomorrow, that I might be offended if you didn't bow three
times when you entered a room where my divine presence was present.
  I truly believe that the best one can hope for in life is to raise
their children to go beyond the boundaries that limit their parents.
Diana's destiny within the monarchy was to become programmed to fit
into the narrow confines of the role prepared for her. Perhaps if her
Puppet Masters had been more patient, she may have become enslaved
according to the wishes of her superiors, but the fact is that she
was buffeted by trials and tribulations that resulted from her not
going quietly into the dark night that the monarchy had planned for
  Diana used the position that was bestowed upon her to give comfort
and hope to the halt, the lame, and the downtrodden. Did she do it
out of self-serving egoism, or an attempt to gain recognition and fame as a humanitarian?
  I don't know, I don't care, and it is really none of my business.
What *is* my business is to view my fellow man/woman and perceive
if they are lifted up or further downtrodden by their interactions
with myself and others. I have seen the faces of the AIDS children
that she touched, when no one else would, and the lepers whom she
shook hands with, when others were afraid to do so, and I have seen
the light that she spread among those whom society had cast aside.
You said:
  "They are, after all, born into a society where a person with the
wrong accent, or skin color, can never hope to do more than dream of
a royal marriage, and dinner at the Ritz."
  You are wrong. Even the peasant and the imprisoned can dream the
dreams that come from the fairy tales that uplift us and give us
hope, however unrealistic it may be. And, even if it is one in a
million, someone will have that dream come true.
  Yes, in reality, the story of Diana, the commoner turned Princess,
was overblown. No, you are doing the downtrodden no favor by trying
to point that out to them.
  Why? Because no one will grasp the golden ring if no one tries. No one will rise above their predestined station in life if no one
believes that it is indeed possible to do so.
  Perhaps Diana was a priveleged, rich cunt who had it 'better' than
those whom she condescended to 'bless' with her presence and her
attention. But she touched the untouchables and she lifted those who
had been held down, and those whose lives she touched benefitted from her presence, no matter what her motivations or intentions.
  You write that Diana's campaign against the use of land mines is
an unrealistic attempt to negate the cheap and effective defense
of the poorer countries. Perhaps what was needed was for her to
have the input of someone such as yourself who understands the need
for cheap and effective self-defence, so that she could concentrate
her efforts on removing landmines that are no longer needed, and
preventing the dispersal of landmines which are not truly needed for self-defence, but are only serving as 'toys for boys' who want
to play soldier.
  As far as I am concerned, you and Diana both have something very
important in common--the world is a better place for your being here.
  We need more Vin's, so that there is someone to remind the bleeding
hearts that weakness and capitulation can cost more lives and loss of
freedom than are gained by seeking an unbalanced 'peace'.
  We need more Diana's, so that there is someone to remind the warriors
that indiscriminate use of weaponry that is not essential may result
in the loss of lives of the innocent, rather than the elimination of
the threat that must be defended against.
  I guess what I am saying is that it no more matter to me whether Diana is a fraudulent invention of the media, than it matters to me
whether you are a carpetbagger riding on the coat tails of the
libertarian movement.
  What matters to me is that Diana inspires others to treat the
untouchables as fellow human beings, and that you remind me to
carry a big stick to beat the fuckers with if I find them sneaking
up behind me.
  Besides, anyone who gets whacked out by the monarchy can't be all
that bad... {:>}------< (Help! They knocked me down, and cut off my arms!)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-09-06 05:40:38
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Di and Dodi Run Over A Land Mine 
Of course, but "the commoner turned Princess" is the fairy tale that
is perceived by the public. This is because people perceive her as
being a rather ordinary person--like them. Thus it makes the "dream"
possible for them, as well.
  It _is_ looney. So is the "American Dream." So is going to the moon.
So is the belief that we can end poverty and war, and turn back the
tide of unconstitutional fascism that is building up for another run
at freedom and liberty.
  Sometimes the dreams come true--most often, the dream comes partly
true, or serves to inspire a person on their road to an achievable
goal in a more realistic manner.
  Yes, but the reason that Diana is so popular is that The Dream (TM)
came true for her, and then, when The Dream (TM) turned sour, because
she would not play her role as accepting pawn, she walked away from it
instead of debasing herself. Then, she overcame the powerful pressures
against her, as well as her own inner frailty, and became the best
person/Princess that was possible for her, choosing to make the best
use of the position and attention that was impossible to avoid.
  It is true that the stories of the average working joe who lives
frugally and uses his/her money to put a dozen children of others
through college gets short play in the press. Likewise, the Sam Walton
and Bill Gates types of stories don't get constant exposure as do the
fairy tale stories of the rich and famous. But I think that all of
these dreams, of varying realistic levels, serve a function.
  Yes, if that is the "hidden message" that you want to see. The reality
is that we ignore reality in many ways, hence our _ability_ to dream of
things which may be somewhat (or totally) unrealistic. We construct our
own "hidden messages" according to our desires and needs.
  I very much agree with you on this. The same applies to our choice of
role models, as well.
  Of equal or greater importance is our ability to emulate the best characteristics, values, etc., of our role models or our dreams, and
to eschew the qualities that are unrealistic for us, or of mean spirit.
  Perhaps Diana could have made a _better_ job of using her knowledge,
talents and social position to make the world a better place for her
having been in it, but to whom of us does this _not_ apply?
  Precious few, I suspect.
  I think that your throwing a realistic perspective on the overblown
fairy tale serves a valid purpose. It is for this type of realism that
I read your works. I don't think your perspective is a threat to those
who need to hold on to a more unrealistic view for their own purposes,
since our minds are pretty good at creating our own revisionist history
when it suits our purpose.
  As a matter of fact, your column gave me a wider base of knowledge
and perspective in viewing Diana's life and history.
  All in all, I hope that more people choose Princess Diana as a role
model of sorts, than choose Diane Feinstein.
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-09-12 19:03:20
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Official CypherPunks Decryption Software Breaks PGP !!! 
ANNOUNCEMENT: Official CypherPunks Decryption Software Now Available
  This is the first software package with the ability to Decrypt PGP
in all of its forms.
  The package costs $1,000,000 and comes with an 80 lb. suitcase.
  We have attached the software to this file and will forward the
suitcase upon receipt of the $1,000,000.
  Syntax: "cypherpunk.bat "
echo ""
echo ""
echo "    Official CypherPunk Decryption Software
echo ""
echo " Deciphered Message Is:
echo ""
echo ""               NUKE D.C. !!!
echo ""
echo ""
echo ""

@_date: 1997-09-16 15:58:54
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: InfoWar 11 / HTML 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Distributed Mind Real TV
Distributed Mind
Bubba Rom Dos and the Cowboy sat silently staring at one another
across the antique oak table which increasingly served as a reminder
that their present was also a part of a long distant past.
A past which wouldn't go away...
"Good morning, gentlemen." d'Shauneaux tipped
his hat to the somber pair of time-worn miscreants.
"Ladies..." he said, turning to the sleeping
figures on the cots at the back of the room, while giving himself
a hitch in the crotch.
Cowboy and Bubba broke into wide grins, for the first time in
quite a while. Cowboy nudged Rom Dos and stage-whispered, "It
looks like our 'other brother, Bubba' is going to die a slow and
horrible death at the hands of the Feminazis."
"Those who do learn from the past, are happy
to repeat it!" came the voice of the 'sleeping' Priscilla.
"Put it back in your pants, Bubba  came the
voice of the 'sleeping' Alexis.
d'Shauneaux looked confused.
"Who is Bubba  Bubba Rom Dos rose to his feet and winked at d'Shauneaux while
giving himself a hitch in the crotch. He returned to his chair
amidst a roar of laughter from the maddening crowd of Mythical
Remnants, as they had dubbed themselves after the experiences
of the last few days.
Alexis smiled at having used this shared joke from her and 'Uncle
Bubba's' sordid past to set up d'Shauneaux for the punch line.
Priscilla just shook her head in disgust at this reminder of what
she had subjected her poor young daughter to in the days of her
After the morning hugs and the morning toasts had been taken care
of, the group got down to the business of waiting silently for
one or another of them to find some slim ray of hope to offer
to the others concerning their rapidly deteriorating situation.
"What the hell happened to InfoWar?" d'Shauneaux
said, out of the blue.
The others looked at him as if that was exactly what they had
expected him to say.
"Damned if I can figure it out." the Cowboy shook
his head, looking bewildered.
"It died before it was born, from what I understand."
Priscilla seemed equally mystified.
"It was strange." Alexis commented. "It
appeared in the shadow of the InterNet, becoming a looming figure
of the future when the 'Information Highway' took hold, but after
the opening salvo was fired on the CypherPunks list, it just quietly
"As if it had never begun." she added.
Everyone turned toward Bubba, awaiting his contribution to the
discussion, but he sat there staring at each of them in turn,
and all of them at once, with a puzzled look on his face. It wasn't
a 'good' look, it wasn't a 'bad' look, it was...
"Distributed Mind!" Bubba suddenly intoned in
a whispered shout.
The others stared at him, dumbfounded, but unsure as to why, or
about what.
"Distributed List!" the Cowboy slapped his forehead.
"Distributed Persona!" Alexis said, as if waking
from a dream.
d'Shauneaux rose from his chair with a look of divine revelation
on his face, as if blessed with a vision from the heavens. He
held his hand out above his head as if calling for complete silence
while he drank in the last sips of the spiritual liquor from above.
Finally, he spoke, while grabbing his crotch, once again,
"Distribute this!" he shouted, causing
everyone in the room to burst into a fit of laughter that seemed
like it would never subside.
"So what, exactly, are we talking about, here?" d'Shauneaux
asked when the laughter had finally ceased.
"I'm getting the distinct impression that all of you are
finishing a conversation that you never started. Not that I understand
what I just said, you understand."
"Exactly!" Bubba broke in, as if d'Shauneaux
had just cleared up an important question that hadn't yet been
"Multi-user persona. Distributed list.
"Distributed, multi-user persona."
"Distributed Mind!" Bubba shouted...for
real, this time.
The small collection of practical mystics looked at one another
in awe of what they seemed to be realizing, as if of one mind...
The Cowboy was the first to say what all of them now knew. "InfoWar was never fought, because by the time it began,
it was already won!"
? the Lunatic sat on the futon, sipping Jim Beam and speaking
softly to Baby as he scratched her behind the ears.
Although he knew he was as crazy as he had ever been, it was an
experience which he could only describe as 'Stone-Cold Crazy.'
"Stone-Cold Crazy, Baby." he told her, sure that
she understood.
He continued talking to her, not to imbue the moment with great
meaning, but seeming to need to burn off an excess of random thoughts
that were sweeping rapidly through his mind, all interconnected
but needing to find release if they were ever to be slowed down
and sorted out in the realm of reality.
"If it wasn't for the word, 'Baby', there wouldn't be
no Rock & Roll!" It was as good a place as any, to start. The hallowed words
of Gomez, himself.
"Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana."
The final words of the Author in "The Xenix Chainsaw
? the Lunatic spoke quietly, but rapidly, pouring forth a liturgy
of quotes and thoughts, wavering back and forth between rationality
and dementia.
"Patience comes to those who wait. If you don't leave
me alone, I'll find someone who will. Will I still respect you
in the morning? Hell, I don't respect you now! Who put the Ram
in the Rama-Rama Ding-Dong? My madness takes it's ground-round,
59 cents a pound. SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!"
What was he looking for? It was on the tip of his tongue. It was
everywhere and nowhere. It was in the midst of his sanity and
at the depths of his madness.
It was...
"TV is REAL!" the voice came loud and
clear, stretching from the distant past to the equally distant
"TV is REAL. TV is REAL. TV is REAL!" he repeated
over and over, knowing that if he could just focus on what meaning
it held...what meaning it held...
"InfoWar!" thought ? the Lunatic, suddenly remembering
the question:
"What the hell happened to InfoWar?"
"TV is REAL!" he said, not daring to believe
what he heard in his inner mind as the words were spoken.
"InfoWar was over before it began..."
"It was over before it began." he repeated.
Suddenly, everything was crystal clear.
Real TV
The tattered remnants of the Magic Circle were having the time
of their lives. While their world was fast falling apart, both
in the present and in the past, they were celebrating life in
both milieu at once.
"George Goebels." Cowboy said. "He was
a riot!"
"And 'I Love Lucy' wasn't?" Priscilla gave him
a doubtful look.
"Paul Neuman." d'Shauneaux said. "He
knew the 'rules' of war!" He feinted a kick to the Cowboy's
"Bianca and Blanc!" said Alexis, acting coy.
"They weren't in any of the movies we watched." Cowboy
gave Alexis a stern stare for stepping out of line with the rest
of the group's conversation.
"That's right, Alexis." Bubba joined in, wagging
two fingers at her menacingly before turning to stick them into
the Cowboy's eyes, slapping d'Shauneaux across the face, and then
banging the two men's heads together.
"The Three Stooges!" Jonathan called out, throwing
everyone into fits of laughter as they recognized Bubba's excellent
parody of the trio who had won the comedic hearts of boys and
men throughout history, while leaving the girls and women scratching
their heads.
Bubba passed around a bottle of his 'Special Reserve' Jack Daniel's
and the Cowboy started a bottle of Jim Beam moving in the opposite
"To Bogie and Bacall." Bubba said, raising his
glass in toast, and the others nodded their agreement with his
astute judgment in settling the battle of the sexes amicably.
Once they were done reveling in the mountains of pleasant memories
which would now be permanently etched in their minds from their
marathon video cruise through the past, they turned to the more
serious business of discussing the dark side of the technology
they had been studying nonstop, day and night, for several days.
"McLuhan nailed it." Alexis was the first to
speak. "The medium is the message."
"It has been true since the dawn of time, and will remain
true until the sun sets on this mortal stage within which we make
our exits and our entrances." Bubba said, solemnly, looking
as serious as he ever had since the gathered group had known him.
"McLuhan was a compatriot of Bubba Rom Dos I." Bubba
continued, with a tone of respect in his voice that those assembled
had rarely heard. "It is no surprise that the Author understood
the future of mankind, for better or worse, lay within the breast
of the InterNet, long before it became the common view. He knew
that man and machine, mind and data, would finally be irretrievably
wed in the march toward the future.
"And he saw the specter of the Evil One's hand casting its
shadow over the InterNet, even in the days when the handful of
others who knew of its existence were looking to it as the coming
Savior of mankind."
"Kill!" commanded the grizzled old guru, and
the IntelliVoice Matrix scanned their recent conversation, bring
up to the GraphiScreen the relevant passages from "The Xenix
Chainsaw Massacre."
Gomez had seen the media bringing the far-flung reaches of
the world and its people closer and closer together with each
new technological development. Prehistoric man lived and died,
for the most part, within a matter of miles from the place of
his birth. With the invention of the wheel he began to travel
a little further...into new and foreign lands. In the days
of sailing ships it took man the better part of his lifetime to
cross the oceans, navigate the world, and return home. Then came
faster ships, then airplanes and jets.
Communications technology made the world smaller, but only
at the limits of its current level of development. Mail brought
news over a period of years, then months, then weeks and days.
Newspapers brought news of the outside world to the average citizen.
Then suddenly, with the advent of the telegraph, the wireless,
radio and television, the world became an extension of ourselves-and
we became an extension of the world.
Now, when it happens in Paris, in Vietnam, in Russia, it happens
here-in our living room-nightly. Fashion trends, opinions, world
views-these are no longer our own private enclaves of individuality.
What we do, and espouse, belongs to the world, and what they adopt
and embrace belongs to us. All of mankind now shares, in an interactive
experience, the reverberation of all that we do, individually
and collectively,-spanning the oceans and continents until it
has finally become a truism that, "no man is an island."
The clan of true believers sat with their heads bowed, almost
weeping with the force of emotion that descended slowly upon them
as their minds retraced the trail of history they had followed
from the Author's era to their own. Knowing, all the time, the
end that would come unexpectedly on the unsuspecting souls who
thought that Technology was going to be a kind God, and
a good Master.
"How was it that the Author saw what nobody else at the
time seemed to notice?" Alexis asked Bubba. "How
did he manage to foresee so clearly the Dark Path that lay ahead
for a technology that was still in its infancy?"
Bubba smiled, feeling in his element, in control, once again.
He was, after all, a teacher of metaphysics, first and foremost,
no matter what his outwardly outrageous personal predilections.
"The Author saw no more than those with eyes to see have
seen from the beginning of time. The difference was that he recorded
what he saw, and he followed its trail into the future by bearing
in mind the past."
"Brave New World." Jonathan said. "Animal
Farm. Catch-22. One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest. Them. Invasion
of the Body Snatchers. Night of the Living Dead."
Jonathan knew these titles by heart, from the books in his
Grandfather's study.
Each member of the Magic Circle broke into a wry grin, as if from
a single pair of lips. Yes, Bubba was right. There were those
who saw, and those who spoke of the world that lay beyond the
veil of mechanical consciousness, throughout the annals of time.
"The Author was not alone in his vision, he merely recorded
it at a time and place in history where his words would prove
conspicuously prophetic because society and technology were moving
at such a rapid pace that tomorrow's seeds were blooming today,
but nobody was stopping to smell the flowers." Bubba
pointed out.
"Or the stench!" the Cowboy added.
The Cowboy sprang from the lineage of the Author, and he understood
very well the nature of the startling prophecies he made which
so astounded those who read his manuscript with the benefit of
the hindsight provided by the march of history.
They continued reading the excerpt from the "TXCSM"
We now live in an age where, in between the slumber of the
soap operas and the bewitchment of 'prime time,' we are fed our
opinions and world-views in catch-phrases and ten second sound-bytes.
At the same time, Gomez sees to it that there is enough trouble
and turmoil in the world that the World Leaders, even in democracies,
can chip away at human and individual rights under the guise of
dealing with various 'threats' that they, themselves, have concocted
as a means of retaining power over the masses.
Even as the governments of the world strive to bring everyone
and everything, however minute, under tight control and regulation,
Gomez and the Dark Allies are behind the scenes, helping to guide
the development of a technology that will, along with television,
be the ultimate weapon in their struggle for the domination of
all mankind-the Computer.
Priscilla was the first to mention what they were all thinking,
this time.
"It's almost like reading the Cypherpunks list."
"It predated the CypherPunks list," the Cowboy
noted, "but it didn't predate the CypherPunks. They, like
the Magic Circle, have existed from the beginning of time.
He looked at Jonathan to explain further.
"If the Cypherpunks had never existed, then history itself
would have had to turn back on itself and invent them before moving
Jonathan watched the smiles of his dearest friends as they
saw the love with which he spoke of those who had helped shape
his childhood. It was the same love that they had all experienced
in the bond they felt within the Magic Circle.
"The Cypherpunks mailing list gave hope and sustenance
to the Circle of Eunuchs initiates who happened across its path.
Since the original meeting where the Magic Circle had been formed,
they had been forced to work alone, in secret, never knowing if
their efforts would ever make a difference in the larger scheme
of things."
They returned to the excerpts:
The rich and powerful have managed to lull us to sleep with
the hypnotizing power of television-stealing our thoughts and
our reasoning processes in our slumber, feeding us our reality
via the airwaves...according to the 'official' party line.
The government and the media have placed us on neat little
shelves where we are numbered and labeled according to their own
wants and needs. We are allowed the illusion of freedom of thought,
and individual choice, as long as we have our 'Freedom of Thought
Permit 1136.51-709' and don't stray too far from the permitted
Jonathan told the assembly, "The Cypherpunks, more than
anyone in their era, understood that."
"And the Circle of Eunuchs understood that..."
Bubba pointed to the words only now beginning to take shape
on the screen he had opened.
In the great battles of the past the Dark Forces have always
been beaten by the individuals scattered in the secret places,
living unnoticed in obscurity. Living quietly and unobtrusively,
forgotten about in the madness storming the land, they have kept
alive the spark of Thought and Reason. They were able to go quietly
about their work, making contact with the individuals who were
ready to escape the madness and work towards restoring Sanity
in the land.
The Cowboy stood up and made a sweeping gesture toward the screen,
as it filled anew, saying, "And both organizations contained
a variety of individuals who, despite the fact that the minds
of almost all of society around them was caught in the grip of
the Evil One's mind-numbing vortex, rose above the automatism
of their age to do what they could to warn their fellow citizens
of the following..."
All eyes turned toward the screen, to read:
This time there will be no escape. Every man, woman and child
on the face of the earth will have a dossier documenting their
life from the time of their arrival on the face of the planet.
Information gleaned from the Department of Motor Vehicles, their
Social Security Number, banks, credit cards, magazine subscriptions,
charitable and political contributions.
When Gomez removes the masks of his human allies, revealing
them as dark agents who have been rewarded with wealth and power
for doing the bidding of the Evil One, the names of the misfits
and wrong-thinkers will be spit out of the computers at the speed
of light-to be rounded up and disposed of in the opening salvo
of the new Holocaust. Only then will the final Battle of Armageddon begin, ravaging
the face of the earth and devouring humanity; bringing total control
of humankind under the Dominion of the Evil One, with nobody but
the Waking Dead left to carry on the human race.
The group sat quietly, in solemn honor of those throughout history
who had held closely to the small, quiet spark of the Tao, the
human spirit, the Creator, or whatever they envisioned when Eternity
whispered to their souls.
Slowly, they began to stir, and rose to silently stretch before
returning once again to the great oak table to continue their
quest for understanding as to how and why they must find some
way to make their reach into the past result in a slight shift
in the course of history...a shift that could move mountains
in the CypherPunks' future...and in the Magic Circle's present.
? the Lunatic turned the page on a manuscript that had just been
set down a century in the future. He knew what the Magic Circle
of that era knew, and he knew what they needed to know to bring
their desperate gamble to a successful conclusion.
Gomez and the Dark Allies began their two-pronged attack on
mankind through the Wonderful World of Television. They had seen
the hypnotizing power of television, how it made us 'comfortably
numb,' how it shaped our world-views, our opinions, and our reality...eventually
becoming our reality.
Zappa tried to warn us.
"Watch me and I'll bleed you, 'cause you eat the shit
I feed you."
Fogherty just gave in, and accepted it.
"I know it's true. Oh, so true. I saw it on TV."
InfoWar was over before it even began.
After reading this passage, for the umpteenth time, ? the Lunatic
finally understood, with the help of those who had seen, and been,
the living proof of both this passage and another one which
had leapt to his mind to start him on his current train of thought.
"TV is REAL." A bumper sticker that the Circle of Eunuchs had promulgated during
the life of the Author, knowing that not one person in ten thousand
would understand what it truly portended for their future.
"Real TV, Baby." ? the Lunatic petted her lovingly, as she licked his arm in
"Video_World, and TV_World. Those were the titles we had
put to Part II of 'The True Story of the InterNet.' But that was
before the censorship crisis on the CypherPunks mailing list,
when we saw the sticky, tangled tentacles that lay at the root
of the World Wide Web.
"And before Gomez began to build his Evil Empire on the cornerstone
of WebTV."
Baby looked up at ? the Lunatic as if wishing she understood human
speech. She laid her head down on his leg and drifted off to sleep
as he continued to talk to her, certain that, at some level, she
understood what he had to say.
"I saw it coming from a long way off, Baby. I thought
about it, wrote about it, and I even told others about it..."
he could hardly believe what he was about to say, ...without
ever really, fully, believing it myself."
"I thought everybody saw." he told her, massaging
her spine as she slept. "I thought people understood."
"I thought they were like me." ? the Lunatic
continued, shaking his head in sadness. "I thought that
they saw, and understood, and were only putting aside their knowledge
until it began to matter enough that they must turn back, and
return to sanity, to reality..."
? the Lunatic sat in quiet meditation, searching his body, mind
and soul for the words he could speak which would, once and for
all, make what he had always known, become real. Real forever,
never again to be forgotten in the madness that ruled the land.
"TV is REAL!"
? the Lunatic had said it himself, long before Gomez had spoken
those prophetic words. Long before it had quickly begun becoming a truism, with video
recorders capturing every aspect of life, and beginning to define
life, itself. Before 'The World's Funniest Home Videos'...before
'Cops'...before the O.J. trial...before 'Real TV.'
He had said it before Gomez, and he had said it better. And it
lay somewhere in the tattered ruins of his mind...calling him
back to reality.
"All my lies are true." He remembered! A two line poem by Carroll, the muse within.
"And everything I do, I really am."
When the bodies began dropping on TV, they dropped at our front
door. But the bodies on TV got up and went home at the end of
the day, to their family and friends, and they came back to do
it all again tomorrow.
The bodies at our front door did not.
We watched 'other people' march for freedom. We watched 'other
people' hate them. We watched 'other people' kill for freedom.
We watched 'other people' die at their hands.
Then suddenly, without warning, it became us that we were
"Vietnam, Baby." ? the Lunatic told her, as he
watched her sleep peacefully, in a world that was safe and secure.
"It wasn't them we were watching anymore, it was
us. It was our fathers and sons, our brothers and friends,
our neighbors and those who lived on the other side of our
town. It was us who lay dying on a foreign shore. It was
our blood seeping into foreign soil.
"It was our blood being shed at Kent state, and
us being gassed and beaten at the Chicago Democratic Convention."
"O.J...." he said, shaking his head, wondering
where the years had gone since Charles Whitman had climbed to
the top of the University of Texas campus tower and started blowing
away total strangers...the inhuman ants who lay far, far below
"A silicon chip slipped inside his head." ? the
Lunatic had sung those words with Kinky Friedman, at the 'Charles
Whitman Memorial Reunion' gig in Austin.
It was a shock to the whole nation. The televised 'event' had
somehow changed something sacred. It meant that it was no longer safe to [Bang!] walk down
the street; to [Bang!] step out of a campus building, laughing
with a friend; to [Bang!] unload your musical equipment
to set up for your gig at the Hole In The Wall bar across from
campus; to [Bang!] sit at home, safely, watching television
and not see people just like you, doing what you do every day,
fall victim to the random violence of a crazed stranger.
And O.J. brought it home, from far, far away, to our own doorstep,
where the bodies of those killed on the television dramas and
movies lay dead, still.
But now the victims weren't dead. Nicole was screaming outside
our door, her throat slashed as she struggled with a determined
attacker. She lay bleeding on our walkway as a stranger, our son,
came to her defense, only to meet a savage and horrible death
for trying to save our wife, our mother, our daughter.
We were concerned when we watched the death of our heroes, as
they fell to crippling diseases from living lifestyles similar
to our own; as they fell from the pedestals upon which we worshipped
them when they proved themselves to be mere mortals, like us.
And now they were murdering us, our families, and our children.
And they showed no remorse...
"I might have been able to forget," ? the Lunatic
told Baby, as she looked up at him sleepily, nuzzling her head
into the warm safety of his crossed legs, "if it hadn't
been for the CypherPunks."
"They just can't leave it alone. They won't lay down and
die, like any sane and normal person with half a brain."
It's not that the CypherPunks were all cynical...all contrary
just for the sake of being contrary. There were no shortage of
list members who could pull off that act, without acting, from
time to time, but many of them were actively working toward
something. A goal, edification, erudition, a project, a point
of view.
But the crap just kept coming. The Privacy Thieves only wanted
ElectoAustria. Then they wanted ElectroPoland. Then they came
to our town, and they said they just wanted to protect
us, but they needed to take our guns, to keep us safe. They needed
to listen to our phones to make certain that they could protect
us from unknown evils. They needed a key to our door, so that
they could save us, in an emergency...even if it meant saving
us from ourselves. And they needed access to our letters, our conversations, our
words, our whispers, our thoughts and our minds...
"Nuke D.C.!"
Baby leapt to her feet as ? the Lunatic shouted so loudly that
the walls shook, and the windows rattled.
She began barking, in support. Jumping up and pawing his legs,
trying to say something, he was certain of it. She leapt time
and time again, begging him to understand...begging him to
have 'ears to hear.'
"Nuke Ottawa, too!" he shouted, and Baby jumped
up in his arms, and began to lick his face. What a dog...what
a wonderful fucking dog!
"I should have named you 'Killer.'" he said,
as he gave her a bone.
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')

@_date: 1997-09-17 04:52:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: InfoWar 13 / HTML 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Electronic Forgery Foundation
X-Mailer: WinSock Remailer Version ALPHA1.3B
X-Comments: "I am not an asshole, but I play one in real
X-Comments: "I don't make it up. I just make it better."
X-Comments: This message is NOT from TruthMonger.
X-Comments: It was sent by an automated anonymous asshole X-Comments: through a Cypherpunk remailer under the alleged
X-Comments: auspices of the Electronic Forgery Foundation.
X-Comments: Note: Send any complaints about abuse of this remailer
X-Comments: to the person most concerned about your rights and
X-Comments: freedoms. (Hint: It's a "mirror" site.)
X-Remailer-Setup: Maximum Message Size -- INFINITE
X-Remailer-Setup: Reordering is RANDOM
X-Remailer-Setup: Subject Header FORGED
X-Remailer-Setup: Logging RIDICULOUS Messages
X-Remailer-Setup: No STRONGHOLD messages accepted
I have taken the liberty of sending a death threat to someone
and forging your name and digiture to it. (No need to thank me, I
just like to help out.)
I don't usually take this kind of arbitrary action (unless I'm
running low on meds) but I thought drastic measures were called
when I came across evidence that your name is about to be sullied
and your business endangered, due to a plot between a psychotic lunatic
and an employee of yours who is an agent for a secret organization
which has been responsible for inspiring and supporting a wide
of anti-technological terrorists, including the UnaBomber and
the genius behind the PS/2.
Who are these people, you ask? (I have extremely good ears.) Bubba Rom Dos, TruthMonger and Blanc Weber.
All card-carrying members of the Circle of Eunuchs.
I have long suspected that a series of underground manuscripts
'The True Story of the InterNet' had, as their ultimate aim, the
destruction of MicroSoft. Sure enough, in Part III of the series, "InfoWar," the
author, known as
TruthMonger, suggests:
"Video_World, and TV_World. Those were the titles we had
put to Part II of 'The True Story of the InterNet.' But that was before the censorship
crisis on the CypherPunks mailing list, when we saw the sticky,
tangled tentacles that lay at the root of the World Wide Web.
"And before Gomez began to build his Evil Empire on the cornerstone
Part II, "WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs,"
reveals the role played by Blanc Weber in her subversive intentions to help
in the
destruction of MicroSoft, with the goal of promoting her own secret
technologies. Apparently, HydroCube storage technology had been in existence
for some time before its official announcement by BabyGates Technology.
The Kid, as she was called, had been the daughter, lover, or employee of
the richest man in the world, depending on which version of this era
believed. Her star had risen, even as Microsoft's star had begun
to fall, mostly as a result of her development of the HydroCube,
with its nearly infinite data-storage capacity. And now, Jonathan had reason to believe that the Kid had actually
been a member of the CypherPunks, masquerading under the pseudonym
of Blanc Weber.
So, as you can plainly see, it is only a matter of time before
self-proclaimed Freeh->dumb Fighters decide to begin openly
you with slanderous truths about yourself, Gomez and the Dark
the lady midget wrestler and the bed full of chickens, as well
as the role of Susan Canizales as your dietary aide.
Yes, I know...you are shaking in your boots at the prospect of
facts coming out (complete with 4"x8" color graphics),
but there *are*
actions you can take to thwart these dire possibilities.
Fortunately, Part III is being released on the cypherpunks
mailing list, under the TruthMonger multi-user persona, who has
a secret alliance with the Cypherpunks' distributed persona, Anonymous.
Thus, if you act quickly, you might be able to strike first, writing
your own chapter of Part III and sending it to the Cypherpunks
anonymously, copyrighting it as "TruthMonger "
in order to piss in the face of the known list forger who is known
be responsible for many of the chapters submitted. (Then you could
the bastard!)
In *your* chapter, you could give yourself any role you desired
in the
history, present and future of humankind.
My suggestion would be to beat these rapscallions to the punch
by using
the Taoist tactic of creating 'yourself' as an evil creature of
own design--far more diabolical than even your enemies could imagine.
The Circle of Eunuchs would then be honor-bound, as cross-matchers
(under NLP theology), to assign you a role as a secret hero in
a later
chapter, thus saving you the embarrassment of having to blow your
horn to keep the Universe in balance.
Sameer, president of C2Net, is reportedly under heavy medication
by his physician as the result of the stress of trying to think
of something positive he can say about himself and his organization,
under the savage attacks against his corporation and his private
by these evil conspirators.
In conclusion, I would add that it is traditional to reward/torture
the masochistic, paranoid schizophrenic who supplies many of the
bizarre of the CoE's conspiracy theories, by adding some subtle
pointing to some future event in history, based on your own inside
knowledge. (The point being to make it glaringly obvious to crazed
conspiracy theorists, but something that will make them look like
a 'lunatic' if they try pointing it out to normal people.)
An AT&T employee once made a prophetic claim in the series
to an event
which proved to be true in concept, way off-base in details, except
he inserted a reference to the Message ID number of the future
he foresaw, and then released the announcement months later with
Message ID that was the reverse of the foretold one...
Beware of white lipstick,
A. Fiend
Copyright "Martin Minow "Are you a man, or a Minnow?"
Electronic Forgery Foundation
The wild-eyed, disheveled figure sat hunched over the keyboard
of his laptop, frantically seeking meaning in the words that lay
before him.
"Hello, Dimitri. How are you feeling today?"
The mad doctor furtively lowered the screen on his laptop, hiding
his important work from the prying eyes of his patient.
"Hello, Igor." Dr. Dimitri Vulis, KOTM said,
eyeing the patient suspiciously.
"Please, call me Igor." the Kremlin spy replied,
causing Dr. Vulis to quickly search his mind and memory to recall
their conversation to this point. Nothing there...
Igor Chudov eyed the evil Doctor's laptop suspiciously, raising
his eyebrows ever so slightly, but enough so that Dimitri could
tell exactly what he was thinking. He could even tell what the
patient's next words would be, in regard to his excess use of
power in the 'Home' to run his spambots.
Igor, speaking softly, then raising his voice as he leaned closer
and closer to Dr. Vulis, asked, "We wouldn't be writing
a letter about our good friend, SAMEER, would we?"
Dimitri jumped up in terror, clutching the laptop to his breast.
They knew! They knew about his regression into his paranoid C2Net
conspiracy theories. Now they would punish him again, possibly even going so far as
to make him install the Windows operating system on another of
his UNIX boxes. Dimitri steeled himself for the patient's verdict.
Igor relaxed, sat down on the edge of the table, and said, casually,
"Just kidding, Dimitri. I know that you're working on
your EFF material."
Dimitri eyed Igor suspiciously, but Igor merely continued,
"Don't worry Dimitri, I am in favor of your creation of
the Electronic Forgery Foundation." He couldn't resist
adding, "Very clever of you to plant all of that evidence
pointing toward Toto as the source of the plethora of forgeries
to the CypherPunks list."
A shit-eating grin spread across Dr. Vulis' face as he realized
that, this time, he had been caught for doing something he wouldn't
be punished for. Rewarded, perhaps? Cautiously, Dr. Vulis asked Igor, "So can I have more
medication? All of the others in treatment here are getting better
drugs than me, because they are patients being treated by doctors.
Why am I the only doctor being treated by a patient?"
"Now Dimitri," Igor shook his head, negatively,
"you are exaggerating again. You know that John Young
and Robert Hettinga are the only two here who are getting better
drugs than you, and it is only occasionally, when they share a
room, and then only in order to increase their pleasure when they
engage in...uuhhh...CypherPunk activities."
Dimitri got angry, as Igor knew would result from feeding his
fantasies, "I know what you're talking about!" Dimitri
always got...uuhhh...'excited', when this subject came up.
"They're sucking each other's cocks! This place
is full of cocksuckers, and the biggest one of all is cocksucker
John  Gilmore !"
Igor enjoyed getting Dimitri worked up into a lather before leaving
him to continue with his openly-secret activities. As he closed
and locked Dr. Vulis' door, he shouted to him, "I'll have
Ray Arachelian look in on you a little later."
"Keep that murdering Armenian bastard away from me!"
Dr. Vulis screamed in terror, before becoming distracted by
a passing fly and forgetting what it was that he was so angry
No matter. He would get mad about something else, instead. After
all, he was a Freedom Knight. Being an angry, aggressive activist
fighting valiantly against petty nuisances that most people just
ignore was a Freedom Knight tradition.
Dr. Vulis opened up his laptop and bent over to attend to his
important work, once again.
Dimitri checked two names off of his list. The President, and
the Big Kid, BillyG.
Now that he had set up his unwitting shill, Toto...? the Lunatic,
he reminded himself..., by sending veiled threats to two of
the most powerful figures in the Freeh World, he would now begin
to close his evil, circuitous  trap by turning his attention to
pissing off other world leaders, with ? the Lunatic acting as
the exposed target, once again.
He had pissed off Apple Computers, as well, by attributing the
anonymous email to BillyG to an Apple employee. Now he would divert
suspicion 'from' himself by attributing this chapter of Part III
'to' himself, so that everyone would think that it must surely
be another forgery by ? the Lunatic.
Anon-To: saddam_hussein
Dear Saddam,
  Salman Rushdie is in hiding in Bienfait, Saskatchewan, living
under an assumed name after having had radical plastic surgery
to disguise his appearance.
  He is trying to redeem himself with Allah by building a nuclear
bomb with which to nuke D.C., but he is inadequate for the task.
However, do you remember Lee Harvey Oswald? If not, then surely
you are aware of Timothy McVeigh...
Copyright "Anonymous "
Brighton Beach Boardwalk BBS, Forest Hills, N.Y.: +1-718-261-2013,
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')

@_date: 1997-09-26 23:21:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: InfoWar 22 (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet') 
Title: The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Forever Young Forever Young
Alexis and Jonathan were resting in each other's arms on the couch
by the old oak table, and quietly discussing the wide variety
of posts to the CypherPunks mailing lists in the wake of the House
Commerce Committee's defeat of the Oxley amendment to the SAFE
bill and their approval of the Markey-White amendment, instead.
"It seems strange that the our future destiny is so deeply
intertwined with events that happened over a century ago."
Alexis said.
"It seems even stranger," she continued, "that
our past is being transmogrified through the InformEnergy we are
exchanging with that era through the Trei Transponder."
"Not to mention the present..." Jonathan added,
showing her the post he had just pulled up on the GraphiScreen
behind them.
For what it's worth. -Anthony
 Subject: Dear Representative Oxley
At this time, it looks like your ignorant, anti-Constitutional
amendment to the Safety And Freedom through Encryption Act will
passed by the Commerce Committee. This legislation may go on to
be passed by Congress and signed into law by the President.
In case this occurs, I would like you to make note of my home
address and telephone number. They are:
Anthony Garcia
[address & phone elided for broadcast on cypherpunks list]
If I move to a new address in the future, I will update you.
I telling you this because I fully intend to willfully break
your stupid law exactly 1 minute after the moment it goes into
effect on January 1st, 1999.
I will:
- Manufacture an encryption product that does not support key
escrow (I will compile source code for encryption software
which does not support key escrow.)
- Offer to sell that encryption product to any takers for
the sum of $1.
- Offer that encryption product for free to the public via FTP
or HTTP
file transfer over the Internet.
- Import an encryption software product which does not support
key escrow by means of file transfer over the Internet from a foreign source.
So, get ready to arrest me, Big Mike. Get out your old FBI
shield and
shine it up, because I AM GOING TO BREAK YOUR LAW. GOT IT?
-Anthony Garcia
P.S. When you have some free time, look up a document known
as the
"Bill of Rights", and review the sections titled "First
Amendment" and
"Fourth Amendment".
Alexis gazed at the post with interest, but seemed mystified
as to what import it had for the Magic Circle's present situation.
"I don't remember seeing this post in the archives we
went over yesterday, but it certainly doesn't to seem unusual
for the CypherPunks list."
"It wasn't in the mailing list archives yesterday."
Jonathan told her, waiting for the import of what he was saying
to begin sinking in, as evidenced by Alexis's ever-widening eyes,
before continuing.
"All of the posts that were in the archive yesterday
are either nonexistent, or changed, when compared to emails we're
pulling from A Player To Be Named Later's digital implant through
the Trei Transponder."
Bubba and Priscilla walked up, hand in hand, joining in the conversation.
"If you check the archives you will find," Bubba
said solemnly, "that the Oxley amendment to the SAFE bill
passed on September 14, 1997."
After taking a sharp elbow to the ribs, Bubba added, grinning,
"We have Priscilla to thank for pointing out this most
interesting anomaly in the fabric of history, as we seem to currently
be experiencing it."
"Bubba told me I was confused." Priscilla said,
gloating at her correcting of the Magic Circle's most prestigious
purveyor of ancient history.
"He said that I must have read in the CypherPunks list
archives about the Oxley amendment being passed at a later
date, since it had been one of the turning points in history in
the battle for control of the InterNet. I told the old fart,"
Priscilla said, as Bubba now nudged her in the ribs,
"to...'check the archives.'" Jonathan and Alexis laughed at her imitation of Tim May, circa.
"Nuke DC!" the Cowboy approached, waving
a handful of freshly printed posts from their current subscription
to the CypherPunks mailing list of a century earlier.
The Cowboy had resurrected some old printers that Melissa had
smuggled out to him from the closely guarded Museum of Antiquities.
d'Shauneaux had brought them back from one of his midnight meetings
with her the previous week.
by taking SAFE
it seems only fair
Escrow Bill.
Erm, Tim you've somehow managed to misspell SODOMY.  There's no
securiy in
SAFE, by definition, it's a security hole through which the citizens
.+.^.+.    |  Ray Arachelian                         |Prying open
my 3rd eye.  So good to see |./|\.
..\|/..       |sunder             |you once again.
I thought you were      |/\|/\
<--*-->  | ------------------                          hiding, and you thought that I had run  |\/|\/
../|\..       | "A toast to Odin,                       |away
chasing the tail of dogma. I opened|.\|/.
.+.v.+   .|God of screwdrivers"                 |my eye and
there we were....            |.....
=======================  ==========================
The Cowboy announced, grandly, "There is no record in
the archives which shows any indication that the SAFE bill became
generally known on the CypherPunks list as the 'Sodomy And Fascism
through Encryption' bill, as now seem to be happening."
The Cowboy showed the group a color printout of the new SAFE T-shirt
being produced by Adam Back, with a Swastika and the word 'SAFE'
composed of a series of toilet plungers.
"Bill Stewart suggested to Adam that it be a 'scratch
and sniff' T-shirt, but Back pointed out to him that SAFE was
already beginning to smell bad to an increasing number of people,
The small group shared a chuckle or two, as the Cowboy continued.
"In addition to the challenge issued to Oxley by Anthony
Garcia, and the posts by May and Arachelian, which didn't exist
in our recent previous past...if that makes sense...I have
found that even the posts that do exist in the archives
are not the same as the ones we are currently receiving from that
same point in time.
"There has been a subtle quantum shift in the tone and direction
of the posts to the CypherPunks list, as well as to the rest of
the history surrounding the InterNet during that crucial nadir
point in the InterNet's evolution."
The Cowboy pulled out a bottle of Jim Beam and passed it around
the table...an indication that he was about to drop a bombshell
on his compatriots. After everyone had downed a stiff shot of
the ice-cold bourbon, he asked, "What did we all agree
were two serious errors in Chapter 20 of 'InfoWar.'" he
asked the others.
Alexis was the first to speak.
"Well, in general, we agreed that it was a ridiculously
overdone parody of a conspiracy theory worthy of ? the Lunatic's
deranged mind."
"In specific," Jonathan added, as the group laughed,
once again, "attributing the chapter as being written
by Bill Gates, wherein the man purportedly connects himself to
one of the sleaziest maneuvers in the history of the perversion
of democracy and justice, then proceeding to make it look as if
he had cowardly submitted to blackmail by the anonymous post that
linked him to the original Indio gathering of weapons dealers,
as well as the thinly veiled threat of violence to 'a billionaire
to be named later.'
"Not even the most unbalanced of the CypherPunks list members
was likely to fail to see this as a shallow attempt at smearing
Gates by making it look as if he had taken up the challenge that
? the Lunatic had sent anonymously through the TruthMailer as
A. Fiend, to write his own chapter of 'InfoWar,' revealing some
dark secret from his past, and asking him to provide some real,
but improbable evidence of his authorship by making reference
to some future event, based on his own inside information."
The group nodded in agreement with this statement by Jonathan,
and then Alexis brought up the second major inanity the group
had found in the 'InfoWar' chapter titled, 'A Billionaire To Be
Named Later.'
"We agreed that it was a pretty wild stretch to intimate
that an LMBoyd sampler sent out two months before was a veiled
message from the Circle of Eunuchs to the Internet Content Coalition
warning them of a serial killer/mass murderer from the north,
where ? the Lunatic and polar bears live.
"Although the timing of the mentioned email was
rather synchronous with the Coalition's agenda..."
The Cowboy broke into a wide smile, asking the others,  "Did
anyone happen to read the LMBoyd sampler for July 25, 1997?"
The others looked at one another questioningly, each nodding
The Cowboy lay a post in front of the group, which they proceeded
to read with amazement.
Tennis players might quote Shakespeare's Henry VI: "O
monstrous fault!" Basketball players, Henry V: "Hear
shrill whistle." Bowlers, The Tempest: "Mercy on us,
split." Golfers, King John: "Give me an iron."
players, Othello: "You did bid me steal." Hockey
A Midsummer Night's Dream: "Gentle Puck, come hither."
Great horned owls lay round eggs.
Did the Eskimo of old believe in God?
 A. They did. They thought God, the Supreme
Environmentalist, created polar bears to prevent humans
from over-multiplying. So they wouldn't eat up everything
in one season.
LMBoyd Web Site / U. S. Newspapers / Start Email / Stop Email
"This was sent out after chapter 20 of 'InfoWar'
had been sent to the CypherPunks list." Bubba commented.
After checking the date and time that chapter 20 had been sent,
he said, sounding even more perplexed and amazed, "A little
more than a single hour afterward."
The Cowboy let each of them  read the post, once again, to confirm
for themselves what secrets it revealed.
"Fucking unbelievable!" Jonathan exclaimed.
"The 'A Billionaire To Be Named Later' chapter is not
only followed shortly thereafter by a completely unrelated item
which contains not only a confirmation of the claim of Circle
of Eunuchs involvement in the LMBoyd web site, but even expands
on it, by adding the reference to hockey players, such
as the Author, as well as a repetition of the theme wherein polar
bears hunt and consume humans."
"And adding a reference to 'horned owls' dropping 'round
eggs'?" Alexis noted, looking at the others for confirmation
she wasn't imagining things.
Bubba Rom Dos, poet and philosopher, also pointed out that the
LMBoyd sampler began with a reference to Shakespeare, and that
the last quote attributed to A Player To Be Named Later in the
chapter attributed to Gates was a reference to Shakespeare being
a member of the Magic Circle-a distinct impossibility.
"Thus, the author of chapter 20 could only have been using
that analogy to set up the confirmation by the later LMBoyd sampler
that the Circle of Eunuchs was involved in the use of the
samplers to pass messages.
Jonathan asked the question that everyone was now rolling over
in their mind.
"What does this do to our other conclusion, that
the chapter was not authored by 'Bad BillyG,' himself?"
The Cowboy sat down and knocked back another shot of Jim Beam,
as the Trei Transponder began to quietly hum in the background.
It was causing something tucked away in the back of the Cowboy's
mind to begin resonating, and he struggled to bring it to the
forefront of his consciousness where it could be examined in the
light of reason...
"A Player To Be Named Later had no connection to the LMBoyd
web site." the Cowboy stated emphatically, surprising
the others, who were lost in their own contemplation.
The Cowboy looked at each of the others, in turn, and announced,
"But Gates did!"
A Player To Be Named Later lay on his bed, Baby lying by his side
and looking up quizzically at him, wondering about the soft humming
noise coming from her friend's head. He reached down and stroked
her on the back of the neck, saying,
"Modern technology, Baby. Someday I'll get you a digital
implant, too, so that you can bark at the doggies of the future."
He laughed and rose to get Baby a bowl of milk.
BillyG had done his homework, that much was certain. And the man
had added some personal touches to chapter 20 of 'InfoWar' that
would have done justice to even the most diabolically astute members
of the legendarily insane conspiracy of the slippery, esoteric--and
definitely mythical--Circle of Eunuchs.
He had immediately noticed BillyG's reference to the Shakespeare
line from the first sentence of the last chapter of "The
Xenix Chainsaw Massacre." Having the quote, "And one
man, in his time, plays many parts." spoken by A Player To
Be Named Later was an obvious implication that he and the Author
were one and the same person. Keeping the 'true identity' of the
Author 'in play,' as Bubba called it, was a Circle of Eunuchs
As well, the last chapter of TXCSM, titled 'it ain't over 'till
it's over,' contained a reference to the "He who shits on
the Road will meet flies on his return." quote, which was
a usual part of the TruthMailer header, but was not included
in the TruthMailer email which had originally challenged BillyG
to write a chapter for 'InfoWar.'
That TXCSM chapter also made reference to Pearl Harbor Computers
motto, "We've been bombed since 1941.", which meant
that the Magic Circle had been brought full circle to closure
by the veiled reference to the nuclear bomb in the follow-up LMBoyd
sampler which served to confirm the details of the chapter 20
reference to a previous LMBoyd sampler.
"And the ending of the second sampler," he told
Baby, who was listening intently, "with a direct
reference to the polar bears mentioned in the one from two months
before...a fucking classic in-your-face Circle of Eunuchs
maneuver that says everything and proves nothing!"
The timing of the confirmation post was likewise a classic maneuver.
Anyone who went to the trouble of checking the timing of chapter
20 and the following LMBoyd sampler could easily miscalculate
different time zones involved and come to the conclusion that
it was a clever ruse, but those who were familiar with headers
and time zone references in InterNet processing would know beyond
doubt that chapter 20 had been submitted to the list previous
to the release of the LMBoyd sampler.
The Coupe de Gras, of course, was that chapter 21 of 'InfoWar,'
which was titled 'Lying Fucking Nazi Cunt Sex Criminal,' and which
had its authorship attributed to the President, quoted another
email which had been posted to the CypherPunks list before the
House Commerce Committee's meeting on the Oxley amendment to SAFE,
as well as sent to over a hundred Congressmen and Senators, and
which alluded to an argument that would be raised during the closed
meeting-a fact which would be later confirmed by those in attendance.
The chapter itself intimated that this precognition of a later
event might be attributable to guessing the probable from previously
available information, even if it was a bold long-shot, but anyone
who understood the full import of the reference to the 'Forever
Young' Eternity Server and the demise of the Huge Cajones remailer
would know beyond doubt that the author of chapter 21 had access
to information that came from deep within the walls of the Whitehouse.
The ending of chapter 21 with the reference to the coming assault
on Intel might be viewed as information that could have leaked
out before chapter 21 was written, but anyone who reread the passage
a month or so in the future would see the reality of what was
being implied in the description of the true agenda of 'total
information control' being pursued by the dark powers within the
Whitehouse and the government intelligence agencies pulling the
President's strings.
"Two perfect chapters, Baby." A Player
To Be Named Later knocked back a shot of Scotch and rolled himself
a cigarette.
"Anybody who checks the true facts involved in their creation
and distribution will prove to themselves, beyond all doubt, that
their authorship and their wild-eyed claims are exactly what the
manuscript purports them to be."
He laughed and threw Baby a chocolate chip cookie in appreciation
of her rapt attention to his maniacal monologue, and gave her
a conspiratorial wink.
"Yet," he continued, "just let them try
to tell someone else of their discovery...they will find them
self running from the men with the butterfly nets, in short order."
"But," A Player To Be Named Later continued,
laughing diabolically, "they ain't seen nothing, yet!"
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar (Part III of 'The True Story of the InterNet')
Soviet Union Sickle of Eunuchs Secret WebSite

@_date: 1997-09-27 00:06:37
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: CDT complains to my editors after post to cypherpunks 
Upon reading CDT's last offering to the CypherPunks list, I was trying
to figure out how to write a half-civil post telling them they had their
head up their ass.
  When I read Declan's post, I decided that he had already taken care of
the matter in a much more civil way than I could ever hope to.
  Since these fucking idiots seem to be scratching around in their ears
after picking their asses, thereby leaving deposits which interfere with
their hearing, I will take the time and trouble to point out a few
things for their edification.
  For starters, after reading the nonsense that the CDT spammed the list
with, I wondered if they were stupid, illiterate or both, since they
don't seem to be able to follow either the details of what is happening
with regard to the SAFE legislation and its variations, nor form a clear
concept of the real issues involved.
  I would suggest that if CDT is going to purport to be some sort of news/information source, that they invest in a fucking dictionary and
keep it on Seiger's desk.   I would further suggest that if Jonah is incapable of supporting his
vague claims of unjust attack by Declan, that he reread Declan's post
with an eye toward learning how a real journalist provides solid details
and examples to express his message and the stance he is taking.
  I have yet to read a CDT release which I do not have to reread to confirm my suspicion that the excess, confusing verbosity that is
employed seems to serve mostly to mask the fact that they are both
misrepresenting the facts and misleading those who trust them to
properly outline the issues involved.
  In short, I would be very surprised if CDT's dicks don't smell
suspiciously like Freeh's asshole.
  I will refrain from commenting on making a similar analogy to
Freeh's tongue and CDT's assholes, as it might be in bad taste.
  I am beginning to think that democracy might have a better chance
of having some life breathed back into it in America if someone with
a chainsaw were to do some selective clear-cutting to remove the
deadwood in the plethora of organizations that have the audacity
to proclaim their compromises with fascism as the defense of democracy. (Can you say 'CDT'? Sure you can...)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-09-27 08:33:02
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Welcome back, Sandy! 
Sandy Sandfort wrote something really lame, but I'm glad he's back,
  I'm glad you're back.
  I've been trying to flame the current list contributors, but they
just don't present such an inviting target as you do--not that they
don't try.
  Since your absence on the list, there have been those who have tried
to support asinine positions, but none of them have had your ability
to do so with the complete clueless lack of recognition of basic logic
that you bring to the task.
  Certainly, there will be those who take my violent, irrational animosity toward you as a sign that I secretly lust for your tight,
smooth derriere, but those are mostly people who follow Dimitri's
posts, so what the hell do they know, eh?
  No matter how nonsensical my baseless, arbitrary attacks on your
integrity and character, we will always be able to look back in fondness on the night we spent together in Nuevo Laredo. (Unless that was my brother...I was really drunk.)
  Regardless, no matter how boring the list has been in your absence,
I have remained a list member solely in order that you would some day
feel comfortable returning to the list, knowing that there would be
at least one list member whose reputation capital was lower than yours.
  Please take your time getting aclimated to the list once again. As
proof of my sincerity in welcoming you back to the CypherPunks list, if it appears that your reputation capital is in danger of sinking even lower than mine, I will reveal myself as a champion of GAK and
Key Escrow, in order to keep you from having to scrape your knees
on the steps of the tomb of the Unknown Cocksucker.
  Please be assured that my motives for celebrating your return to
the list have nothing to do with the fact that I am in everybody
else's killfiles.
  I change my list persona two or three times a week in order to
circumvent the efforts of other list subscribers to avoid my senseless rants.
  I am still, despite efforts to dissuade me from my ghoul, the chief
proponent of strange crypto on the CypherPukes lisp, despite ? the
Platypus's frogulent clams to the cuntrary.

@_date: 1997-09-30 01:27:31
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Defamation of Indefendants 
I downloaded a copy of the 'Declaration of Independence' off of the FBI web site and it began with,
"We, the elitist, undemocratic privacy terrorists..."
The CypherPunks list always quotes it as, "We, the people..."
Someone's pulling my leg, aren't they?
Well, it's not funny, so cut it out!

@_date: 1997-10-06 04:43:55
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Stronghold 
I laughed till I cried, when I read this.
  I hope you were trying to be humorous. If not, then seek psychiatric
help immediately!
  (See if you can get us a group discount, because I have come to    believe that the 'moderation experiment' was a clever ruse to
   weed out all of the 'sane' people from the Cypherpunks list.)
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-10-19 06:15:29
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Is PGP still private? 
Given Adam's many accomplishments in the arena of CypherPunks issues,
I find it hard to make a case for his discussion in this area to be
mere mental masturbation.
  'Democracy in America' is also vaporware--always has been, always will be--but I see no reason we should not go on discussing it and hoping that we will not having to keep pushing the release date of the
finished product back, time and time again.
  I agree. I think that we should just wait until someone comes out
with an actual product, and then castigate them for their ideas being
"ill-thought out."   In return for your positive suggestions, the CDR Board of Dirctors
has voted to allow you two posts containg cheap shots at the list
member of your choice, without including any points of redeeming,
on-topic, list value.
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-11-05 01:34:09
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Forging your return address. 
The Sympatico Netscape software you provide has features that allow
the user to choose not to give out their email address to those that
they wish to keep it from, such as spammers, criminals and sex-shop
I have not been made aware of any Sympatico policy which requires your
users to make themselves vulnerable to anyone and everyone who has
connections to the InterNet.
My chosen reply-to addresses at 'dev.null' are a traditional UNIX
method of directing files and email to /dev/null, which is the
equivalent of the Trash Bin on a Mac. You seem to have set up your
UNIX system to emulate a Win95 Recycle Bin, in that it assumes that the user doesn't know what he or she is doing, so saves deleted items.
Dev.null addresses are designed to get rejected by the email system,
so it seems rather useless to keep them in your mail queue.
You will have to explain to me what exactly you are talking about
here, as it is unclear to me what you are referring to.
Please forward me copies of the complaints.
Since this seems to be of such serious concern to you, I would certainly
appreciate it if you could explain to me in greater detail exactly what
it is about my use of my account that Sympatico has a policy problem
with, and why.
I notice that your reply to address, 'Sympatico Admin ', is not
a valid InterNet email address. Is this an internal system address?

@_date: 1997-11-06 03:24:50
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Sympatico Petition 
When I first saw your email re: Sympatico petition, I assumed
that Sympatico would be monitoring activity surrounding the
petition. I visted your web site on Oct 28 and surfed around.
When I got to the petition-signing page, I decided not to sign,
in order to see if those merely visiting the page were being I pretty much forgot about it until I got an email from Sympatico Admin
which dealt with what appeared to be bogus concerns, and containing
vague threats of loss of access.
I checked out the headers on my past incoming and outgoing email
and found changes in the way it was routed and dealt with--changes
which started shortly after I visited your website. I confirmed
the results of my traffic analysis on my own account by checking
them against those of another Sympatico account whose records I have access to, and which is used as a 'control' because it is used only for very normal and boring communications by a very regular
(The changes started late on Oct 28th, and I got the threat from
 Sympatico on Nov. 4th.)
As well, my follow up communications with Sympatico Admin resulted in
replies which contained further evidence that the claims they were
making in regard for the reasons for their actions were askew.
Sympatico is little more than a company that acts as a front for
the Canadian Telecos, so that they can continue to operate what are
basically monopolies, without appearing to do so.
SaskTel charged outrageous connect charges of ~$5.00 an hour out
in the boonies, as long as they could. When it became apparent that
they couldn't get away with it for much longer, Sympatico appeared
on the scene, as SaskTel's 'competition'.
The two entered into a sweetheart deal which effectively allows
Sympatico and SaskTel to operate a dual monopoly, by making it
difficult for small operators in the boonies to get a cut of the
You may have noticed that 'Sympatico Admin' is pretty much synonymous
with the SaskNet Admin. Their bum-buddy relationship is covered by
only a thin veil of pretension.
SaskTel still manages to maintain a semi-monopoly in the big cities,
but their real power comes in the boondocks, where the Sympatico
deal allowing no toll-charges effectively cuts out the smaller
providers who can only offer services to a handful of in-area
The bottom line is that there are advantages to the basic infrastrucure
of the system being developed by a single entity, such as SaskTel, but
if that entity is allowed to pick and choose who receives preferred treatment, then they tend to do so in their own interests, and not in
the interests of the end users.
SaskTel charged $5.00/hr connect time in the boonies until there were
enough complaints that they made a deal with Sympatico to control the
market at slightly less monopolistic rates. People tend not to figure
out that the change from $5.00/hr to around $1.50/hr, practically
overnight, merely reflects that SaskTel charged over twice what was
reasonable, for as long as they could get away with it.
I checked the numbers, in regard to bandwidth costs, etc., to hook up
and provide an InterNet service, and found that the types of rates
you quote on your website are not out of line, but are not possible
if one cannot get the type of deal Sympatico gets.
  e.g. - I charge you $20/month for total access, but you pay $6.00/hr
        to SaskTel for long-distance charges, to connect.
SaskTel/Sympatico will continue to maintain a monopoly whose prices
will reflect how much they can charge before complaints force them
to move toward more truly competitive rates.
I applaud your efforts to make some noise in this regard, and hope
that they have the effect of forcing SaskTel/Sympatico to maintain
their monopoly at more reasonable rates than at present.
I am somewhat notorious in certain areas of the underground computer
movement, having been involved in the dissemination of a number of subversive on-line manuscripts, so I often get hackers and phreaks sending me confidential information from my ISP's.
I found it rather humorous that the original email from the Sympatico
...contained an 'additional' note from a hacker named the Evil-1,
who added:
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-11-16 08:56:25
@_author: Information Server 
@_subject: Re: Mail interception 
For information on the interception of plaintext email,
send a reply to this message, with an empty message body
and with a subject line -- "RTFM-709".

@_date: 1997-11-22 10:45:29
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: You're Fired! 
Just kidding. Say hi to Jim Bell and Tim May for me.
(Tell the rest of the CypherPunks I'll be joining UHAUL after my
 extradition hearing.)
{WARNING!!! -- If John Gilmore drops the soap...IT'S NO ACCIDENT!}
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1997-11-28 01:35:09
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: For whom the Bell is sentenced... 
I have come to believe that "assassination politics" is a political Rorschach (ink-blot) test: What you think of it is strongly related to your political philosophy.
~ Jim Bell, "Assassination Politics"
  It's a shame that Bell wasn't prosecuted and judged by people with
a clearer conscience and more a more democratic political philosophy.
  Why are people invariably under the impression that it is someone
other than themself that is putting them on The List (TM)?

@_date: 1997-12-08 22:14:47
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: CypherPunk Post of the Century [WAS: Get your hand off that <delete> button. Now!] [WAS: It's beginning to look a lot like...Donald?] 
Anon-To: isthisamistakeoratrick
Nobody said:
{Honest! Nobody said it, so I made it up and added quote marks so I
 wouldn't look like I was responding to my own post. If you'll check
 the archives, you'll find even Tim May _didn't_ say the following:}
  FREEZE! Get your finger off of that  button, and slowly
back away from the keyboard...
  After subjecting the subscribers to the CypherPukes and Flight-from-
Censorship lists to multiple spams of an Eldridge cleaverly disguised
and disgusting on-topic post, I thought it would be appropriate to
make amends by wrapping myself in the state flag with the python on
it and writing "The History of the Present : A CypherPunk Perspective."
{Originally titled, "Everything You Wanted To Know About Freedom and
 Privacy, But Were Imprisoned For Asking."}
  First, allow me to point out that those who believe my disclaimers
that my posts are meaningless may possibly be even bigger fools than
those who believe list posts which claim to be packed with meaning.
  It's a tough call...
  There are list subscribers who provide spoon-fed information for
those who are busy and important and don't have time to think
(executive sheeple?), but (Young and Hettinga both being classical examples) the pressure of faking sanity eventually gets to them
and they snap into an acid-flashback condition that results in
posts containing existential poetry or advertisements for grits.
  I, on the other hand, help balance the lists by beginning at a
point of total blathering, and work my way slowly toward sanity
and reason. The fact that I rarely succeed at this indicates to
me that my posts are usually not long enough to complete the
process, so I will endeavor to ramble on endlessly in this missive,
for the eventual benefit of the person who is still reading this
post. (Me?)
AN INFOWAR FAIRY TALE: Ode to Bianca
Once upon time there was a woman with breasts so beautiful that
men would try to grab them at every opportunity, with only an
honored few being allowed to touch them (as a result of recognizing
that she had an equally beautiful brain).
The woman worked in a computer industry dominated by young men who had
spent so much time cloistered among their machines that they did not
know much about humans, and almost nothing about women, including the
fact that women are all witches.
Thus, the beautiful witch was able to trick the owners of protruding hardware into exposing their secret things to her, so that she was able
to follow the bytes as they metamorphisized into software. These men were powerful lions of the computer industry, drawing their great strength from their long mane-frames, little suspecting that a female systems analyst, with a heritage that taught her how to use scissors to cut efficiently and shape the results into a new form of clothing, might cut off the long locks from which they drew their strength, while they were sleeping, and weave them into a wig of many colors, enabling her to let down her hair, thus allowing her secret lovers  to climb up to the tower of the computer master's castle.
THE REQUISITE 'MORAL OF THE STORY':
'Tit men' are unlikely to notice if Lady Godiva is riding a Trojan
(pardon the pun) Horse.
"Am I a Freeh, dreaming I am a Zimmermann, or Zimmermann, dreaming
 I am Freeh?"
     ~ Phil Dunkelberger,        General Manager,        Total Nework Security Division,
       Network Associates
"As long as we have Kim Philby defending our country, Communist
 Americans can sleep safely at night."
     ~ J. Eggbert Hoover
"Be afraid. Be very afraid..."
     ~ Huge Cajones,        Addressing the 'Global Society of Unelected Secret Committees'
"Why The Government Wants Our Guns"  by John Young
             From: softwar (SOFTWAR)
One example of Reno's conflict is the Clinton China Crypto Scam.
It was Reno's Justice Anti-Trust Division that authorized the
merger of a major company backed by a big donor to the DNC.  The
companies, RSA and Security Dynamics, sought the merger in 1996
just after RSA Chairman James Bidzos signed a memo of
understanding to perform "encryption research" with China.  The
donor, Sanford Robertson, paid $100,000 to the DNC just prior to
the merger. Of course, Mr. Robertson's investment firm made a cool two million
dollars on the merger deal, spurred in part by the lucrative
RSA contract with the PRC.
Pro-Crypto-Export Bumper-sticker:
"Export Free Speech and Privacy, Not Jobs!"
Anti-Domestic-Crypto Bumpersticker:
"Free Speech and Privacy Kill Molested Children With Terrorist Bombs."
  It's comforting to know that my right to speak freely and privately
in Mandarin Chinese is not being abridged...
  It's discomforting to realize that George Orwell was an optomist...
  Anybody notice that PGP 5+ 'offers' to upload your newly created
key _before_ it adds it to your keyring?   Everybody realize that 'VoluMandatory Offer' == 'Requirement'?
Anybody doubt the future of key generation <--> key registration?
  My point?
  Those who wish to 'fight-censorship' had better be prepared to start
fighting 'dirty'...as well as fighting 'underground'.
  If you think I'm kidding, reflect for a moment on why the Chinese
Communists are being allowed increasing access to strong encryption
while censorship fighting CypherPunks are becoming subject to an
increasing number of laws restricting domestic strong encryption.
  i.e. - The Chinese Communists do not fit the profile of domestic
terrorists, as reported recently on the list--they don't quote the
Constitution and Bill of Rights and speak out against big government.
The Bottom Line:
Big Brother is going Global. The PowerMongers are not just dividing
up the financial spoils among themselves, they are also beginning
to divide up the humans and human rights among themselves.
You can already be imprisoned in Alabama for your web site in Utah.
It will not be long before you can be imprisoned in Germany for
your web site in Alabama.
The government is building their backdoors. Individuals who value
their freedom and privacy need to do the same. The government is
arming themselves with meatspace and cyberspace weaponry. Ibid.
Don't be alarmed...be armed!
Be very armed...
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"
"God's Canadian Hate Page"

@_date: 1997-12-14 14:52:58
@_author: Human Gus-Peter 
@_subject: InfoWar EndGame (Part III of The True Story of the InterNet) 
The True Story of the Internet Part II
The True Story of the InterNet
Part III
Final Frontier of the Digital Revolution
Behind the ElectroMagnetic
by TruthMonger <tm
Copyright 1997 Pearl Publishing
InfoWar Table of Contents
Epilogue EG Nobody Calls From Vegas Just To Say Hello
End Game / InfoWarez
Epilogue EG
Received: from toad.com (toad.com [140.174.2.1])
by orion.sk.sympatico.ca (8.8.6/8.8.6) with ESMTP id MAA14896
for <toto Tue, 9 Dec 1997 12:57:24 -0600
Received: (from majordom by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3)
id KAA09835 for cypherpunks-unedited-outgoing; Tue, 9 Dec 1997
10:52:13 -0800 (PST)
Received: from harrier.sasknet.sk.ca (harrier.sasknet.sk.ca [142.165.5.2])
by toad.com (8.7.5/8.7.3) with ESMTP id KAA09830 for <cypherpunks
Tue, 9 Dec 1997 10:52:10 -0800 (PST)
Received: from smtp.sk.sympatico.ca (lohner27.sk.sympatico.ca
by harrier.sasknet.sk.ca (8.8.6/8.8.6) with SMTP id MAA24686 for cypherpunks Tue, 9 Dec 1997 12:52:15 -0600 (CST)
X-Mailer: WinSock Remailer Version ALPHA1.3B
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: TruthMonger's Bait Shop & Plutonium Recycling
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: Does anyone know where I can get a transmission for
X-Comments: 49 Jimmy half-ton?
X-Comments: Thanks,
X-Comments: Ralph
X-Comments: -
X-Comments: This message is NOT from Ralph. X-Comments: -
X-Remailer-Setup: Maximum Message Size -- None
X-Remailer-Setup: Reordering is OFF
X-Remailer-Setup: News Posting DISABLED
X-Remailer-Setup: Subject Header KEPT
X-Remailer-Setup: Logging COMPLETE Messages
X-Remailer-Setup: No PGP messages accepted
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
Precedence: bulk
X-UIDL: b32dd7ae7cef6fa090cd2d4b105d06d0
X-Mozilla-Status: 0001
Content-Length: 6455
Calls From Vegas Just To Say Hello FROM MOUNTAIN MEDIA
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE DATED DEC. 10, 1997
THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
How can we reduce voter turnout?
"I am doing a research paper for my Sr. High School Government
paper. My assignment is 'How to increase voter turnout.' Are there
books or information that I could use to reference, and if you
have time
could you give me some of your ideas?"
I replied:
# # #
Greetings, Toby --
The book "Votescam," widely available in paperback,
is worth a look.
But I'm not sure about the premise of your paper, in the first
Before we can answer the question, "How to increase voter
turnout," it
seems to me we need to ask "WHO wants to increase voter turnout,
and why?"
Whether the next election sees 70 percent of registered voters
show up at
the polls, or 50 percent, or 30 percent, the result will be the
same. A
member of the incumbent Republicrat Party will be elected. He
or she will
go to the capital, raise taxes, and increase government meddling
in our
lives. Freedom will be further eroded. The only folks granted
and "exemptions" from this ever-tightening vise are
corporate, union, or
other special interests who have ponied up tens of thousands of
worth of bribes -- euphemistically called "campaign contributions"

@_date: 1998-01-16 16:51:52
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Forwarding remailer-ops posts 
Only an asshole without the brainpower to recognize the importance of
open discussions of Tanya Harding's chances of forging a new career in
the WorldWide Wrestling Federation would also fail to recognize that
differences of opinion over the size of jockey shorts that Chris Lewis
should be required to wear is essential to the future of the IntereNet.
  Privacy Admin (if that is your *real* name...) would be well advised
to consider the astronomical rise in cost of InterNet access that could
result from AOL'ers learning to successfully unsubscribe from mailing
lists, instead of subsidizing the rest of us by paying exhorbitant
fees to send multiple messages saying, "I'm SERIOUS! Unscribvive me from this fucking mailing list or I will keep complaining, instead of
buying a clue!"
  If the foregoing doesn't seem to make sense, it's OK, because I
am a list scibviver. (Although I have been unsuccessfully trying
to ubscrivive for the last several months.)

@_date: 1998-01-16 16:48:41
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Forwarding remailer-ops posts 
My name isn't Richard, but I'm still a Dick...
  I agree that we should worry about drawing in the kooks who have
little experience in proper construction of an aluminum-foil hat
capable of drowning out the voices that try to twist our minds into believing that the purpose of operating a remailer is to
provide a forum for unfettered communication, when Rush Limbaugh
and Chris Lewis recognize that the true purpose of running a
remailer is to block spam and UCE's.
  Even more frightening is the prospect that a US citizen might
go so far as to use a remailer to send a message to the Whitehouse
that men licensed to use guns against the citizens might find
  Those who have never operated a remailer fail to realize that
the main goal of a remailer-operator should not be to provide
a non-discriminatory forwarding service for anonymous users, but
to ensure continued operation by not ruffling the feathers of
upstream providers, and to provide a spam/UCE filtering service
for computer users who have foolishly spent their money purchasing email software which does not allow them to quickly
and easily set up their own self-defined email filters.
  It has long been my contention that if a child being molested
by 'Uncle Jim' is too fucking lazy to learn how to use PGP in
order to help remailer operators cut down on spam, then they
deserve every ounce of seminal fluid forced down their throat
by 'Uncle Jim' and the guys who live in the dumpster behind
the Greyhound station and are willing to share their bottle
of Thunderbird with anyone who has access to vulnerable young
  Of course, I'm a pedophile, so I could be a bit biased in
this regard.

@_date: 1998-01-17 02:59:11
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Forwarding remailer-ops posts 
Nope. I have always found that those who attempt to cause me legal
problems find themselves suddenly beset by problems of a much greater
magnitude than those presented by my presence and actions, and quickly
turn their attention to dealing with the greater problems in their life.
  Actually, it is difficult to maintain a 'holier than thou' attitude
when you're a cynical, whining, annoying asshole (but Lord knows, I   As to how much I *do* by the end of the day, it is really nobody's
business but my own, since the repressive forces you mention above
make it advisable for many forms of active resistance to oppression
to be done quietly, or from the shadows.
  Even when poking fun at fellow remailer-operators who sometimes
appear to have forgotten that their original objective was to drain
the swamp, I assume that the activities reflected in their public
communications are not necessarily representative of their total
contribution to providing tools and services supporting the basic
human rights and freedoms which have become increasingly dangerous
to exercise.
  The public remailers being maintained are an important training
ground and showcase for the communications and privacy/anonymity
tools being developed and used in their operation, but their very
availability itself results in their exposure to the haphazard
vagarities of social pressures and targeted oppression by those
forces which feel threatened by tools which allow others to avoid
being monitored and controlled.
  Current threads on the CypherPunks list regarding Eternity servers,
mirrors, BlackNet, covert and/or private backroads on the 'Super-
Highway', etc., are being disseminated to--and studied with great
interest by--a wide variety of individuals who are fast becoming
increasingly aware that the next few years will be turbulent times
wherein those who fail to take steps to cover their own ass will find
themselves being 'protected' by the government and corporate wolves
offering us technologies based only on the "Trust Us" system.
  Revolutions rarely begin with grand pronouncements and massive public
displays of resistance in the street. They usually begin in basements
and secret rooms where increasing numbers of citizens begin preparing
to protect and defend their own freedom and rights. When the shit hits
the fan, many are surprised to find how many of their friends and
neighbors have already been doing the same.
The Revolution is *always* NOW!

@_date: 1998-02-14 22:24:41
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Space Aliens Hide My Drugs / Prologue (1/0) 
____________________________________
  I was very young as a dark and stormy Knight...
[Author's Note: This part of the prologue is numbered 1-of-0 because there is,
 in reality, no telling how long, wide and far I may or may not ramble in  telling a tale which lies deep inside of me and cries out to be told, despite
 the rapid degeneration of what little is left of my nervous system, my brain
 function, and my sanity in general.
 As well, after a lifetime of using an overwhelming excess of commas in my
 sagacious scribblings and blitheful blatherings, I am well aware that commas
 do not grow on trees (except for cherry trees, and they are upside down--thus
 of no use to a scribe such as myself) and that this account of tales untold
 since the beginning of time (1949, in my universe) may well end in
 when I have used the last of the commas that I have purloined, stolen and
 hoarded, over the years, is removed from my secret hiding place and placed on
 the written page.
 Hopefully, before this has come to pass, I will have managed to reveal all of
 the myriad of universal secrets which have remained hidden in plain sight of
 us all (particularly George Carlin), since the founding of the universe, and
 the final comma that marks the end of my wisdom will mark the beginning of a
 new universal ignorance, in which all shall finally know that there *is*no*
 knowledge*, and that "The ClueServer died for our sins".]
The Death of gomez and the Birth of Magical Thinking:
  I am the Prophet...
  It's not something I'm proud of, and I in no way planned for things to turn
out this way, but the role of Unerring Prophet of the Future of All Mankind
was forced on me by circumstances beyond my control.
  Originally, I was just trying to be a brain-warped, cynical asshole--doing
my best to stir up shit, cause trouble, spreadFear/Uncertainty/Disinformation
to the best of my ability, and maintain a conscientiously applied plan of good
oral hygene. ("Thank you. I'm feeling much better, now.)
  I've been crazy all of my life, having suffered serious brain injury as a child, and compounding this natural disaster by a willful ingestion of a
of legal and illegal substances designed to enrich pharmacists and people with
dark skin tones who spend much of their time on dimly-lit street corners.
  There are those who read my apparently mad ramblings and assume that I am
some kind of creative writing genius heavily influenced by Hunter S. Thompson,
Carlos Castenada, Stephen King and William Burrogh's Jr. They are wrong.
  As gomez himself said, before being removed as the eternal symbol of the
true Digerati, the Circle of Eunuchs, "We don't make it up, we just make it
  Thus, when I describe the series of ElectroShock treatments that I underwent
under the care of Dr. Abram Hoffer (the Father of Megavitamin Therapy), and describe them as taking place at the exact same moment as the massive power
blackouts throughout the NorthEastern United States and Canada, the details
I provide may not be accurate within the time-space continuum, but they will
be totally consistent with the Ultimate and Eternal Truth as evidenced by the
True Measure of Reality--the electrical bill from SaskPower Corporation that
was presented to Central Hospital in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, which ultimately
resulted in the restructuring of the Saskatchewan MediCare system, and the
of many lives that could have otherwise been saved if the medical profession
had not deemed it necessary to store within my brain enough electricity to
create a thousand FrankenSteins, or power the bright lights of Las Vegas for
a hundred years, in the case of an emergency.
  Hyperbole? Guess again, shit-for-brains...
  Anyone who has read "The News of the Weird" by Chuck Shephard can vouch for
the fact that the crap that backs up in my demented brain cells, until it
out like a toxic efflusive onto the written page, could not carry the
of the events which happen every day, in real life, far removed from the
circuting electrical malfunctions spewing forth from my damaged brain
  I am the Prophet...
  I am a certified lunatic bouncing wildly back and forth between reality and
rational thought <--> magical thinking fueled by messages from Mars which I
receive hourly via the silver fillings in my decaying dentures <--> logical
assumptions based on the patterns formed by rat-droppings I use to encrypt
my writings with the same algorithms used as the basis for C2Net's Stonghold
encryption software.
  In all honesty, I have to admit that I was lying when I presented myself to
WebWorld at large as the TruthMonger.
  But, "The best laid plans of rats and men..."
  My poor self-image, my low self-esteem, and the knowledge that I had come
by them honestly, drove me to a state where I was determined to live out my
life as a lying, thieving, conniving, rat-bastard-piece-of-shit who would crap
on and distort the truth about everything that normal, decent people hold
sacred in their lives.
  So I used my computer skills, my limitless supply of amphetamines, and my
powers of obsessive-compulsive, psychotic fixation to rail madly against the surrounding hordes of men and women of reason who strove to suffocate the
madness that I was destined from birth to manifest on the long and twisted
road which would ultimately lead to my emergence as the Anti-Christ who would
raze the complete face of the earth with violent spasms of death and
the likes of which the universe has never seen.
  "It's life's illusions I recall...I really don't know life, at all."
~Joni Mitchell
  "All my lies are true...and everything I do, I really am."
  "Some say he's good...some say he's great...some just say, 'It's a *shame*
about that boy.'"
~Sonny King, introducing C.J.Parker, the King of Country Porno, at Club Foot
 in Austin, Texas, at a benefit for Xalapeno Charlie.
  In the end, I reached spiritual enlightenment through the realization that
Satan, the Evil One, the Anti-Christ, Bill Gates, Louis Freeh, Janet Reno, can
never hope to even remotely approach the depths of depravity, outrageous
licentiousness and lunacy, or sick and twisted dementia exhibited daily by
the average Jane and Joe smiling at us from the other side of the bank
desk, or the check-out counter at the local K-Mart.
  No matter how depraved the sick, demented spewings from my evil mind became,
attempting to poison the minds of all who came into contact with my evil,
satanic blatherings, masquerading as a true mirror of the reality that
us--in the end, I was, am, and will continue to be...TruthMonger.
  I am the Prophet...
  If my sick, twisted mind concocts some bizarre, depraved fantasy about Lisa
Bonet Ramsey's rotting carcass rising from a roadside ditch to plug parking
meters and being flown by the Cincinnati Police Department to New York City
to carry out Judge Ito's sentence of having a toilet plunger shoved up her
ass, then one of two things will happen.
  Either CNN will break the story, exactly as I have described it, minutes
before my missive shows up on the InterNet, or I will receive the lastest
email version of "News of the Weird,"l from SaskPower Corporation that
was presented to Central Hospital in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, which ultimately
resulted in the restructuring of the Saskatchewan MediCare system, and the
of many lives that could have otherwise been saved if the med as standing at the bleeding edge of
the burdgeoning computer technology which is rapidly changing the face of our
planet and the governmental, civil, and social societies encompassed within
this celestial orb.
  Harbingers of the Digital Future / Pioneers of Future Technology / etc.,
  Bullshit...
  The CypherPunks are rag-tag band of infantile, pseudo-anarchistic, pseudo-
cryptic, well-educated shit-disturbers who take great pleasure in pissing on
themselves, each other, and the world around them--all the while, covering
their motivations and ambitions with high-sounding ideals intended to disguise
the fact that none of them ever received proper toilet-training.
  The end result?
  No matter how high they pile it, how far they spread it, or how badly it smells when you step in it, they end up coming off as the Henry Kissinger's
of CyberSpace, because no matter how much rotten meat, jalapenos and moldy
cheese they eat, they can never manage to crap out anything so vile and foul-
smelling that the world-at-large cannot prove prophetic in MeatSpace.
Question for Blanc Weber (CypherPunks version of the Sweetheart of the Rodeo):
  Yes, Blanc, I am the one who was hiding in the bushes near the gravesites
when you were laying the wreaths in honor of Mother Teresa and the children
who were the 'victims' of the Oklahoma Federal Building bombing. Yes, that
was me who was whistling the eerie medely of "Psycho Killer" and "Street Fighting Man" while you were busy trying to honor the souls of the 'innocents'
who died for the sin of being born.
  Realizing that we are polar-opposites, I am willing to concede that perhaps
Eternal Truth, True Justice and A Noble Ideal To Be Named Later might best be
served if you and I met in the middle and acted in concert to do what must
inevitably be done to balance the distorted energy of the Tao which is
tearing our planet, our socities and our individuals to pieces.
  I am ready now...when will you be ready?
  I am ready to walk into Luby's cafeteria today, and start blowing away
I know and total strangers, for no real fucking reason, just to stop the
inside my head which scream such things as "Wake Up America"/"What the Fuck
We all Doing to One Another"/"When will the Madness STOP!!!"
  When will you be ready?
  I am ready to kidnap men, women and children who are federal employees, or
related to them, or who sent them Christmas cards, or who failed to punch
fucking lights out when they fucked over those they are supposed to 'serve'
because of some obscure legal technicality passed by drunken, syphlittic politicians in a previous century. I am ready to transport them to the site
of the OKC bombing in numbers amounting to hundreds of times of McVeigh's
victims, bombing their innocent souls into oblivion, in the hope that someone,
somewhere, will look into the eyes of the psychotic, deranged madman that I
have become, and see themself, and their neighbors, desperately trying to
maintain the illusion that their hands are free of blood when foreign children
die as a result of embargos placed within the imaginary political lines which
define our MeatSpace Reality--embargos placed by those that they themselves
voted for in return for the promise that *their* children, on the 'good' side
of the imaginary line, would be provided with good nutrition and a sound
unless, of course, they live in one of the poorer states, or America needs a
larger military budget to defend the most powerful military nation in the
world from some flea on the ass of an Iranian camel.
  Blanc, when will *you* be ready?
  I am ready, today, to gun down a woman carrying a baby, killing them both,
and justifying my actions by claiming I thought she was a Somalian warlord--I
am ready to drive a tank to MicroSoft Corporate Headquarters and raze it to
the ground, killing men, women and children in a violent cataclysm of smoke
and flames, justifying it with claims that MicroSoft cult members are all
gun-hoarding child-molesters who think Bill Gates is Jesus.
  When will you be ready...?
  The optomist says that the human soul is half full.
  The pessimist says that the human soul is half empty.
  The realist says, "Kill 'em all, and let God sort them out."
  Tim May says, "Broken eggs, and all that."
  I say, "The Revolution is NOW!"
  What do *you* say?
  Shall we set a date, sweetheart?

@_date: 1998-03-11 12:46:10
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: BATFC -- Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and   Cryptography 
Hey, asshole!
Thanks for telling *everyone* about our plan...
Now I have to contact Blanc Weber and Jeff Sandquist and tell
them we have to come up with a new scheme.
And *this* time, we're not telling *you* about it!

@_date: 1998-03-12 22:15:00
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: get me off 
Studios Anonymous - adult explicit site features: bestiality, transexuals, lesbians, young girls, gays, masturbaters,
cocksuckers, ass pounders, beautiful asses, huge tits, dogs, horses, chimps, cows.
You're welcome

@_date: 1998-03-17 21:53:36
@_author: TOTO ENTERPRISES 
@_subject: PROGRAMMERS WANTED !!! 
TOTO ENTERPRISES is looking for C, C++, and Java programmers to
write code designed to identify and categorize persons of Jewish
extraction from a variety of government, public and private databases
around the world.
Applicants should be company-oriented individuals who have no qualms
about writing code that contains no backdoors that would allow those
who later worry about the use their creations are being put to access
to the systems of those using those programs.
No cryptography skills will be required of those applicants working
in areas where U.S. exportable crypto is dominant.
Applicants will be able to work from their homes, with only occassional
trips to the Antarctic required.
Applicants who can translate "We're from the government and we're here
to help you." into several different languages will be given preference.
Applicants who can translate "We're from the government and we're here
to help you into the cattle-cars." into several different languages
will automatically be given credit for applicable prior work experience.
To receive an application by email, reply to this message with an
empty message body, and a 'Subject' header of, "Mein Kamf."
(True CypherPunks need not apply...)

@_date: 1998-03-20 21:29:21
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Fucking Sheeple / Re: Does Spamming Really Exist? 
..... Right on, Ian!
I'm tired of these anonymous cowards, hiding behind a fake address
such as dev.null, putting down those of us who recognize the need
of petitioning our government to put an end to using the InterNet
for purposes which are against the wishes of the majority.
Exactly. I have been complaining to my ISP about their forwarding posts
from the CypherPunks list that I disagree with. Despite my complaints,
they allow this harrassment to continue.
Right on! If the anonymous cowards can make points that seem to lack
any sort of logic and sense, then they cannot whine when you do so,
as well.
Say, Ian...this is beginning to sound like 'whining'...
Although grammatically incorrect and seemingly nonsensical, I am
confident that you are trying to make a valid point.
Exactly. There are no anti-spammers in foxholes. As long as they only pass legislation infringing on the rights of
those who are not in agreement with you and I, then our position
could only be seen as hypocritical by those who disagree with us.
And we can't fight City Hall, eh?
This is every bit as despicable as people who sign up as an ISP
provider on the InterNet and then deny others the use of the shared
resources of the Net, because they can.
Some of these evil people interfere with the propogation of Holocaust
propoganda, instead of interfering with anti-Holocaust propoganda, as
is proper to those who oppose censorship.
Those fucking FrostBacks think that they can crawl across the
49th virtual parallel and insult the memory of Dave Null, Defender
of the Void, with impunity. As soon as I look that word up, I'm
going to give them a piece of my mind. (This is a generous offer,
seeing as how I don't have much left).
Toto

@_date: 1998-03-20 23:08:36
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Important Information! 
If you have received several copies of all of my pastes to the
CypherPukes list tonight, rest assured that it is a direct result
of my being a drunken asshole.
I have heard a rumor that the CypherPukes are taking up a collection
to get me an account on AOL. Can there be any greater disgrace?
Organization: Replay Associates, L.L.P.
Sender: owner-cypherpunks
At the risk of having list members speculating that this anonymous
post is being sent by Toto/TruthMonger in order to gloat his dropping
Pearls of Wisdom upon those with weak connections to the ClueServer,
I would like to compliment Eric Tune on his recognition of my...Uhhhh,
I mean *TruthMonger*'s sense of Reality.
 > The ONLY significant in-roads that anyone has made with a Unix
I *love* UNIX/Linux, but I have no illusions that they comprise a
viable option for John and Jane Q., unless they are provided at a
reasonable price, with GUI's that are usable by people who desire
to be able to use a computer without becoming a dweeb/guru/expert.
This is exactly what the Anti-Micro$not Coalition is attempting. Instead
of making their software available to M.E. Tarzan and U. Jane at a
competitive price, they are attempting to prevent someone who sought
and got (Hey! I'm a poet...) their business from offering them even
more affordable software extensions to their basic operating system.
If providing the end-user with the tools to use their modem and the
InterNet is an anit-trust violation, then shouldn't the same concept
apply to OS vendors who provide tools for their customers to use
their printers, etc?
The much maligned 'Sheeple' desire only to have an OS that provides
them with the tools to use the products that they purchase from computer vendors.
The fact that Macintosh suffered in the marketplace from offering a
complete package for more money, while the PC vendors offered a more
affordable package which required additional purchases of software
to accomplish the same ends, is not a reflection on the stupidity
of J&J Q. Public. It is a reflection on the ignorance/unwillingness
of Apple to properly advertise the discrepancies in entry-level costs
versus end-result costs.
Tire companies are taking advantage of the shennanigans of their
competition by pointing out that their prices include such 'additional
items' such as valve stems, balancing, air, etc. Apple and Sun were
not constrained by Micro$not from doing the same thing.
Many of the UNIX/SCO systems that I sold to my customers were the result of my explaining cost-benefit ratios which I had to analyze
for myself, with no help from those actually producing/selling the
As a former vendor who sold operating systems which were in comptetion
with DOS/Windows, despite the fact that their manufacturers were not
actively seeking my business, I feel no compunction in calling them
to task for attempting to suppress their competition by calling upon
the government to make them quit giving the public what they desire.
...uuuhh...I can't remember what persona I am posting under...

@_date: 1998-03-21 23:17:19
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Emptying the trash... 
[Sent to Netscape feedback defartment]
The next trash I will be emptying will be my installation of Netscape.
Netscape has been my only browser since gaining InterNet access, but I
am not going to
use a product from a company who requires me to jump through hoops to
ensure privacy through strong encryption and then tells me to fuck off
because they are incapable of verifying my net persona and/or location.
If Netscape intends to make their software compliant with the wishes of
those who want to illegally monitor my location and identity, then they
should at least require those fascists to supply you with this
information for you to use for my convenience in acquiring your product.
I send weekly death threats to Bill Gates, but I'll bet my ass that
Micro$not lets me download their browser so that he can go to his grave
clutching my cash in his hand.
Toto

@_date: 1998-03-24 19:08:24
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Expert Testimony [ATTN: Donald C. Randolph, Esq.] 
Mr. Mitnick & Mr. Randolph,
  If you desire, I can put you in contact with an individual who has
not only been described as 'The World's Foremost Computer Expert' in
a variety of computer manuscripts and journals dating as far back as
1989, but who would also be willing to testify as to his personal
involvement in the ethical violation of a plethora of MeatSpace laws
in the last few decades during his activities in CyberSpace.
  I am speaking of C.J. Parker.
  Mr. Parker holds an MBA which was obtained through an accelerated
degree program known as 'hacking,' and can provide transcripts to
verify his being awarded several 'honors' awards by a recognized
institution of higher education.
  He has been involved in top levels of the business and educational arenas of the computer industry for the better part of a decade, and
has not only worked with all variety of operating systems and programs,
but also has access to a variety of individuals whose knowledge and
expertise encompasses a range of the industry which is nothing short
of phenomenal.
  Mr. Parker is a co-author of a variety of manuscripts concerning
computer and digital communications issues which were only recognized as significant years or decades after his treatment of them.
  The fact that Mr. Parker is certifiably insane in no way dimishes
the accomplishments that he has succeeded in bringing to fruitation
as the president of an international computer company, and as an
outlaw who was spitting in the face of authority since Mr. Mitnick
was wetnursing.
  If you are interested in providing your client with a defense
which will be recognized as sane and competent, then you would be
well advised to ignore my offer.
  If you wish for your client to successfully resist the efforts
of the government to make him a scapegoat for the deficiencies
of the InterNet entities whose resources he shared based upon
his own values and beliefs, then you would be well advised to
further explore my offer.
  In short, Mr. Parker is not currently facing charges for the
same activities that have been committed by your client.
  Think about it.
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"The Final Frontier"

@_date: 1998-03-24 19:29:08
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Is That  A Balck Helicopter Up There? 
Brian B. Riley, who snuck into the WhiteHouse, put on a Bill Clinton
 I honestly don't know if I would be too paranoid to say that the
government is behind all these happenings, I really don't like the
territory that takes us to; but they most surely are quick to exploit
them for the own agenda ... it seems now that every untoward incident
that happens is hopped upon by some goverment official or goverment
schill as an excuse to shorten the leash ...   The power of your posts resides in the fact that you do not beat the
drum for a totally paranoid view of reality, yet you allow room for
that view, just the same.
  To claim that the children who recently killed a number of their
fellow students during a false fire-drill were encouraged by the
government in order to draw attention away from the '48 Hours' show
on government involvement in the murder of Dr. Martin Luther King
would be a stretch. On the other hand, the issues being debated by
the '48 Hours' special would have been considered a stretch at the
time of the event, despite the fact that they are well supported by
information that has been wrested from the grip of secrecy in the
time since then.
  The bottom line is that we currently live in a society whose view
of reality has been formed/programmed by the media/medium of TV.
"Watch me and I'll bleed you, 'cause you eat the shit I feed you.
  ~ Frank Zappa & the Mothers of Invention
  The danger of the Sheeple being misled by false conspiracy theories
propogated by the Fringe Media (TM) is small compared to the danger
that they will continue to be misled by the Reality (TM) being spammed
deep within the programming centers of thier minds by a mainstream
media which feeds at the same trough as FBI snipers and Marine units
whose motto seems to be "My country, wrong or wrong..."
  My career as a would-be shit-disturber and troublemaker pales in
comparison with the inevitable leakage that occurs around the edges
of the Official World View (TM) propagated by those who employ the
gatekeepers of the Media Feeding Pen and the Dogs Of Whore whose
teeth ensure that the Sheeple will not stray from their appointed
Toto

@_date: 1998-03-24 20:58:20
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Playboy Channel Implicated In Arkansas School Massacre! 
The governor of Arkans(redneck)as(sholes) has stepped forward to
lay responsibility for the latest school massacre tragedy squarely
on the shoulders of those elements of the entertainment media who
have not thus far been implicated in the political shennanigans and
illegal drug deals perpretrated by the former governor of Arkansas,
who is currenly dipping his dick in those entering the Whitehouse
through the 'Ladies Only' entrance.
  It seems that responibility for the massacre lies in the current
social acceptance of the licentious violence being spammed upon the
public by the immoral profitmongers of the entertainment industry.
  This is in marked contrast to the current social acceptance of the
licentious violence being spammed upon the public by the moral
profitmongers of the Biblically-based religion industry.
  It is obvious that new laws will have to be passed to protect the
children exposed to the sex and violence contained in the Christian
Bible from being further influenced by corresponding material in the
secular sector of society.
"Spilling my seed on the ground since puberty."

@_date: 1998-03-25 13:53:24
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Student Refuses to Whore Himself, Gets Suspended 
It could be worse. They could have transferred me to the "Home Shoppers Bargain Psychiatry Warehouse".
That's the worst of the worst. The Shop'ers have the poorest government on WebWorld. When the citizens of the former world governments got to choose their citizenship at the end of the Channel Revolution every
deadbeat compulsive spender on the face of the Earth signed up with the Home Shopper Channel Government. ~~~     The Shop'ers ran ads showing Leona purchasing magnificent jewelry and other high-priced items from the Home Shopping Channel and the masses rushed to join the bandwagon. Some of the slightly more discriminating
people became citizens of the Consumer Channel, but they were few and far between. ~~~     The Sex Channel offered some rather interesting incentives for new citizens. They did quite well in the final ratings (what had formerly been called 'election results'), despite fierce competition from the S&M Channel, the Group Sex Channel, the Lesbian Channel, the 'Buck Futters' Channel, and a host of minor players vying for the same basic ~~~     No doubt General Noriega was given a day-pass to drop one-pound
packages of Peruvian flake out of a helicopter, as loudspeakers
blared, "You deserve a brick today..."

@_date: 1998-03-27 21:05:57
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: GRAND JURY: Jonesboro Guilty, Society and Christianity Indicted As Co-conspirators 
[Bienfait Nutly News:] A GRAND JURY CONVENING DURING HAPPY HOUR
at the CoalDust Saloon took to heart the Arkansas Govenor's statement
"We need to lay the blame for the Jonesboro tragedy squarely at the feet
the culture that breeds this kind of response in a child."
The Grand Jury forebroad noted that the child perpetrators had neither
to Hollywood, nor to any art gallerys funded by the National Foundation
the Arts against the wishes of various 'Family Values' coalitions.
 "It's pretty clear that these murderous young monsters are an end
result of
the cultural influences they were exposed to in the course of being
up in the community of Jonesboro. Accordingly we have returned an
for verdict of 'guilty' against the citizens of that community, and have
two others who we feel acted as co-conspirators in this tragedy."
The Grand Jury released two beer-stained items of evidence that they had
used in their drunken deliberations:
* "Road Rage" gets the attention, but more rages are coming into
prominence:  Pre-pay Rage, Albuquerque, N.Mex., January (a man
wanted to pump his gas before he paid; fired several gunshots into
the clerk's car).  Late-Fee Rage, McLean, Va., January (former
State Dept. lawyer was not allowed to rent a movie until he settled
an old late fee; ran down the store owner with his car, knocking
him through the window of a nearby restaurant).  Rain Rage, Los
Angeles, February (as two men passed in the rain, their umbrellas
accidentally touched; one man then aimed his umbrella at the
other's face and thrust the tip through his eye, piercing his brain,
sending him to the hospital in critical condition).
~WEIRDNUZ.526 (News of the Weird, March 6, 1998) by Chuck Shepherd
* According to a September federal indictment in Des Moines,
Iowa, Kenneth Ray Bruner (who is the stepson of a Pentacostal
minister in Oklahoma City) led his seven accomplices in prayer
three weeks earlier, asking for God's protection just before they set
out to knock off Hermans Fine Jewelry.  Bruner acknowledged,
according to the indictment, "that they were going to do bad things
but that they were not bad people."  No one was hurt in the
robbery, and everyone was behind bars by the following day.
 ~WEIRDNUZ.526 (News of the Weird, March 6, 1998) by Chuck Shepherd
"If these were aberrations," the forebroad slurred, wiping drool off the
of her chin and slapping the hand of President Clinton, who had passed
in the bar the evening before and stayed over for the trial, "that would
be one
thing, but these examples are just the tip of the iceberg."
"It has been obvious for quite some time that both society and
are way out of control, and there is no telling how much greater the
they cause would be if these two entities were able to operate without
calming influence of gun-bearing paramilitarists, who can only be pushed
far before they begin to push back, themselves."
The Grand Jury's released statement went fairly easy on the parents of
child warriors, pointing out that, from the moment of their birth, they
the SSN-registered property of the government, with the majority of
upbringing being controled by the many laws regulating the manner and
nature of education and discipline that their parents are
allowed/required to
provide for them.
"Had the parents taken a strong hand in the discipline and direction of
children's education, they would have been vulnerable to prosecution for
variety of serious offenses, and it is likely the government would have
revoked the parents' possession of the child-property in question.
"As well, most members of the community of Jonesboro, the surrounding
social community, and the Christian community, would have undoubtedly
used every available law and law enforcement agency at their fingertips
to prevent the parents from helping their children to escape beyond the
reach of 'We the Sheeple.'"
A barmaid with a Rose Tattoo on her butt nodded in agreement as this
portion of the Grand Jury's statement was read.
The woman had fled Jonesboro the day before the shootings with her own
son, having kidnapped him from a Child Services detention center, where
he was placed after a Christian neighbor had turned her in for allowing
to view her live-in boyfriend's Playboy magazines.
"I feel kind of guilty for leaving other people's children behind, to
suffer the
consequences of living in such a dangerous community, but I'm already
facing one count of kidnapping..."
An informal tribunal of drunks and drug addicts returning from the
questioned the Grand Jury's failure to indict the government.
One gentleman paused from wiping foreign substances off of his shoes, to
ask, "Since the government is the chief instigator and enforcer in the
of crushing the spirit of children, providing funding for most of the
boxes that
their free spirits are crammed into, as well as hunting down and putting
more secure boxes those who attempt to evade their responsibility to
within the boundaries set aside to contain their number..."
"Drawing outside the lines!" someone shouted.
Nodding agreement, the gentleman continued, "...then surely they should
not only been indicted, as well, and found guilty, but they should have
the same penalty as those who backed the actions of the Waco murderers,
according to the guidelines of the McVeigh Convention, as passed by
the Mulatohma Citizen's Tribunal presided over by Judge Bell."
"Well, we did return a few *secret* indictments," the forebroad grinned,
a wink to the gentleman, "but we're waiting for TruthMonger to figure
where the 'yellow wire' goes..."
In the efforts of fairness, so not to be seen as engaging in yet another
of all-too-common Suburbian Christian bashing, the Grand Jury also
evidence that communities and religions far distanced from Jonesboro
think twice  before gloating over "the anal-retentives finally getting
as a dark-skinned, slant-eyed member of an obscure religious cult
was heard to say, before suddenly dying of alcohol poisoning, whereupon
his soul went up on the roof and the bartender dialed 911, asking them
send an ambulance and a Frisbeetarian Priest:
* Dubious Salvations:  In January in Jerusalem, self-described
mystic rabbi David Batzri offered specialized blessings in person
or by telephone for those who have sinned by masturbation (which
he said is the principal cause of demons).  And in Hong Kong in
November, self-proclaimed "knight of God" Syed Atta
Muhammad, 32, was committed to a psychiatric center after he
assaulted a 22-year-old tour guide, whose breasts he thought were
too big to serve God because they made her look like a prostitute.
 ~WEIRDNUZ.526 (News of the Weird, March 6, 1998) by Chuck Shepherd

@_date: 1998-03-28 16:45:46
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: CypherPunks -- The Early Years Part II 
Eric Hughes, secretly writing Prologue 15/0 of SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY
   quoted L.M. Boyd as saying:
 Among black bears, a mother rules a territory. When her
daughter is a year and a half old, the mother assigns a
portion of the territory to said daughter. This doesn't
happen to the black bear son. When he's about three years
old, he's just flatout driven off the property. Look,
there's one down at the end of the bar, saying, "My mommy
kicked me out when I was three."
A Toto To Be Or Not To Be Named Earlier (aka - F. Bacon)

@_date: 1998-03-30 19:34:15
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: And the way this relates to cryptomony is...uuhhh....... 
There is an amusing discussion of metaphor and metonymy in David Lodge's
novel, Nice Work.
A typical instance of this was the furious argument they had about the Silk
Cut advertisement... Every few miles, it seemed, they passed the same huge
poster on roadside hoardings, a photographic depiction of a rippling expanse
of purple silk in which there was a single slit, as if the material had been
slashed with a razor. There were no words in the advertisement, except for
the Government Health Warning about smoking. This ubiquitous image, flashing
past at regular intervals, both irritiated and intrigued Robyn, and she
began to do her semiotic stuff on the deep structure hidden beneath its
bland surface.
It was in the first instance a kind of riddle. That is to say, in order to
decode it, you had to know that there was a brand of cigarettes called Silk
Cut. The poster was the iconic representation of a missing name, like a
rebus. But the icon was also a metaphor. The shimmering silk, with its
voluptous curves and sensuous texture, obviously symbolized the female body,
and the elliptical slit, foregrounded by a lighter colour showing through,
was still more obviously a vagina. The advert thus appealed to both senual
and sadistic impulses, the desire to mutilate as well as penetrate the
female body.
Vic Wilcox spluttered with outraged derision as she expounded this
interpretation. He smoked a different brand himself, but it wasas if he felt
his whole philosophy of life was threatened by Robyn's analysis of the
advert. 'You must have a twisted mind to see all that in a perfectly
harmless bit of cloth,' he said.
'What's the point of it, then?' Robyn challenged him. 'Why use cloth to
advertise cigarettes?'
'Well, that's the name of 'em, isn't it? Silk Cut. It's a picture of the
name. Nothing more or less.'
'Suppose they'd used a picture of a roll of silk cut in half - would that do
just as well?'
'I suppose so. Yes, why not?'
'Because it would look like a penis cut in half, that's why.'
He forced a laugh to cover his embarrassment. 'Why can't you people take
things at their face value?'
'What people are you refering to?'
'Highbrows. Intellectuals. You're always trying to find hidden meanings in
things. Why? A cigarette is a cigarette. A piece of silk is a piece of silk.
Why not leave it at that?
'When they're represented they acquire additional meanings,' said Robyn.
'Signs are never innocent. Semiotics teaches us that.'
'Semiotics. The study of signs.'
'It teaches us to have dirty minds, if you ask me.'
'Why do you think the wretched cigarettes were called Silk Cut in the first
'I dunno. It's just a name, as good as any other.'
"Cut" has something to do with the tobacco, doesnt it? The way the tobacco
leaf is cut. Like "Player's Navy Cut" - my uncle Walter used to smoke them.'
'Well, what if it does?' Vic said warily.
'But silk has nothing to do with tobacco. It's a metaphor, a metaphor that
means something like, "smooth as silk". Somebody in an advertising agency
dreamt up the name "Silk Cut" to suggest a cigarette that would'nt give you
a sore throat or a hacking cough or lung cancer. But after a while the
public got used to the name, the word "Silk" ceased to signify, so they
decided to have an advertising campaign to give the brand a high profile
again. Some bright spark in the agency came up with the idea of rippling
silk with a cut in it. The original metaphor is now represented literally.
Whether they conciously intended or not doesn't really matter. It's a good
example of the perpetual sliding of the signified under a signifier,
Wilcox chewed on this for a while, then said, 'Why do women smoke them,
then, eh?' his triumphant expression showed that he thought this was a
knock-down argument. 'If smoking Silk Cut is a form of aggravated rape, as
you try to make out, how come women smoke 'em too?'
'Many women are masochistic by temperament,' said Robyn. 'They've learnt
what's expected of them in a patriarchical society.'
'Ha!' Wilcox exclaimed, tossing back his head. 'I might have known you'd
have some daft answer.'
'I don't know why you're so worked up,' Said Robyn. 'It's not as if you
smoke Silk Cut yourself.'
'No, I smoke Marlboros. Funnily enough, I smoke them because I like the
'They're the ones that have the lone cowboy ads, aren't they?'
'I suppose that makes me a repressed homosexual, does it?'
'No, it's a very straightforward metonymic message.'
'Metonymic. One of the fundamental tools of semiotics is the distinction
between metaphor and metonymy. D'you want me to explain it to you?'
'It'll pass the time,' he said.
'Metaphor is a figure of speech based on similarity, whereas metonymy is
based on contiguity. In metaphor you substitute something like the thing you
mean for the thing itself, whereas in metonymy you substitute some attribute
or cause or effect of the thing for the thing itself'.
'I don't understand a word you're saying.'
'Well, take one of your moulds. The bottom bit is called the drag because
it's dragged across the floor and the top bit is called the cope because it
covers the bottom bit.'
'I told you that.'
'Yes, I know. What you didn't tell me was that "drag" is a metonymy and
"cope" is a metaphor.'
Vic grunted. 'What difference does it make?'
'It's just a question of understanding how language works. I thought you
were interested in how things work.'
'I don't see what it's got to do with cigarettes.'
'In the case of the Silk Cut poster, the picture signifies the female body
metaphorically: the slit in the silk is like a vagina -'
Vic flinched at the word. 'So you say.'
'All holes, hollow places, fissures and folds represent the female
'Prove it.'
'Freud proved it, by his successful analysis of dreams,' said Robyn. 'But
the Marlboro ads don't use any metaphors. That's probably why you smoke
them, actually.'
'What d'you mean?' he said suspiciously.
'You don't have any sympathy with the metaphorical way of looking at things.
A cigarette is a cigarette as far as you are concerned.'
'The Marlboro ad doesn't disturb that naive faith in the stability of the
signified. It establishes a metonymic connection - completely spurious of
course, but realistically plausible - between smoking that particular brand
and the healthy, heroic, outdoor life of the cowboy. Buy the cigarette and
you buy the lifestyle, or the fantasy of living it.'
'Rubbish!' said Wilcox. 'I hate the country and the open air. I'm scared to
go into a field with a cow in it.'
'Well then, maybe it's the solitariness of the cowboy in the ads that
appeals to you. Self-reliant, independent, very macho.'
'I've never heard such a lot of balls in all my life,' said Vic Wilcox,
which was strong language coming from him.
'Balls - now that's an interesting expression...' Robyn mused.
'Oh no!' he groaned.
'When you say a man "has balls", approvingly, it's a metonymy, whereas if
you say something is a "lot of balls", or "a balls-up", it's a sort of
metaphor. The metonymy attributes value to the testicles whereas the
metaphor uses them to degrade something else.'
'I can't take any more of this,' said Vic. 'D'you mind if I smoke? Just a
plain, ordinary cigarette?'

@_date: 1998-03-31 21:24:30
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: Repeat Offenders / Re: March 1 column - child abuse trials 
Now, if only we could get a conviction...
-----Original Message-----

@_date: 1998-04-01 12:23:47
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: Practicing for 'saving' America? 
They had bodies. Bodies of these men's brothers, crew members from the
helicopter or Delta soldiers, it was hard to tell from the angles and
distances of the camera shots. They were dragging a body through the street
at the end of a rope, kicking and poking at the lifeless form. It was ugly
and savage, and the men went back out to the hangar and cleaned their
weapons and waited for orders that would send them back out.
   Delta Sgt. Paul Howe was ready. If he was going back out, he was going to
kill as many Somalis as he could. He'd had enough. No more rules of
engagement, no more toeing some abstract moral line. He was going to cut a
gruesome path through these people.
And what happens if we, as citizens, resist the assault of minimally trained
local and regional law enforcement agencies operating with massive firepower
donated to them by the federal government, and acting under the direction of
local government figures who have personal agendas and local political axes
to grind?
We have already seen the future of law enforcement in the travesties that
have already occurred in our cites and towns as a result of the mythical War
On Drugs. There is a remarkable parallel in our sending troops into both
Somolian and American cities to 'protect the people' from WarLords and
DrugLords. In both cases, the Lords die of old age while our self-proclaimed
protectors "cut a gruesome path" through the Peasants.
In the early 80's, as I watched the helicopters touch down in the
Ettersburg, California schoolyard and heavily armed men in camoflage piling
out in full view of the children, I had an uneasy feeling that what I was
observing went far beyond the stated objective of CAMP (Campaign Against
Marihuana Production).
After observing the armed assault against mostly happy-hippies living in the
hills for some period of time, I eventually realized that the true objective
of CAMP was to promote cooperation and interagency comradship between federa
l, state and local law enforcement groups.
The local yokel volunteers from various law enforcement agencies got to play
with the Big Boys, and with the Big Boys Toys, and use the cover of legality
to become fully immersed in the mentality needed for an unquestioning
assault on the populace.
Why pass better laws when you can just arm your enforcers with heavier
weaponry, instead?
Why provide true justice when you can just make everything a felony and
plead it down, instead?
Why bother telling 'good' lies when the Herdizens have become so numbed to
the lies and thievery of their rulers that 'bad' lies will suffice?
Why bother pretending that there will be jacuzzis waiting at the end of the
ride in the cattle-car when the Sheeple are passively being herded into them
by the strength of an established culture of oppression?
Why bother claiming that you 'only want Austria'...
Toto

@_date: 1998-04-02 04:08:49
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: Prologue 16/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Title: Prologue 16/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS
Prologue 16/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
First of all, let me stress the importance of cracking in our everyday life. Cracking it's not just about software, it's about information, about all patterns of life. To crack is to refuse to be controlled and used by others, to crack is to be free. But you must also be yourself free from petty conventions in order to crack properly. You must learn to discern cracking possibilities all around yourself, and believe me, the development of this ghastly society brings every day new codes, protections and concealing mechanisms. All around us grows a world of codes and secret and not so secret patterns. Codes that are at times so familiar and common that we do not even notice them any more... and yet they are there to fool us, and yet they offer marvelous cracking possibilities.
Ronald L. Rivest's method for hiding information by breaking it in to packets mixed with other meaningless packets is similar to an approach which is used in organic systems, at the DNA level.
In our bodies, packets of meaningful information from the DNA used for encoding protein sequences, called exons, are mixed with meaningless stretches of DNA, called introns. Certain rules exist for putting protein coding sequences together which are based on information around the intron/exon border.
The analogy between cryptographic techniques and biological processes at the genetic level are striking. I believe that principles of protein coding may be useful to the cryptographic community. In turn, the principles and methods used by the cryptographic community maybe useful to those who are analyzing DNA sequences which are available and are becoming available from the Human Genome Project and other non-human Genome projects.
Dmitry Goldgaber
...only one remark, may be: the DOS/UNIX world seems very neglected in the essays... everybody is cracking exclusively the newest applications for windoze, and that could be a mistake: I said that we must crack windoze in order to throw our seeds with the wind, true, but let's not forget that, as you know very well, a good knowledge of the past is the only tool you can relay on in order to foresee the future...
...You see fravia+, for the first time in the history of humanity knowledge can be spread for free and reach anybody who cares :=) I don't know if this contingency will last, coz many powerful forces are struggling against this. Should knowledge, their efforts notwithstanding, continue to flow in this way, it will change the face of the world as we know it.
Now, Bubba explained, the Evil Forces were regrouping to once again take control of the world, and they had been working through our new, hi-tech gods, the Gods of Communication--television and computers. "There were those who tried to warn us," he said. "Marshal McLuhan was our hi-tech 'John the Baptist,' "The Medium Is The Message" became our new Bible, but he, too, was just a "voice crying in the wilderness." "Others, like the "Android Sisters," we relegated to the status of clowns and entertainers as the 'Media' lulled us to sleep and became our 'Waking Dream,' our new reality." "Where once we sacrificed sheep, offering up the blood of the innocent to appease our gods," Bubba railed, with ever mounting conviction, "now we have become the sheep to be led to the slaughter by our 'Gods of Communication.' "And the shadow of Gomez falls ever more frequently across our door, like a pestilence upon the land and its people."
Bubba Rom Dos, derelict and philosopher, surveyed the crowd, which had now gone totally silent, and proceeded to explain some of the things he claimed to have learned in the Far East from a group which was, according to him, actively working to counter the new 'Angels of Darkness' which had already begun launching their assault upon mankind, using our own new hi-tech environment. "Demons," he explained, "have always worked their will through our own physical reality in order to accomplish their ends. Television has lulled our minds into a deep slumber, and now they are free to attack through the mechanisms of the physical instrument which is becoming a part of, and controlling force over, the whole of our lives---the computer." "Our lives are tracked and controlled by numbers---our address, our phone number, our social security number, our driver's license and passport numbers. And now all these numbers are being controlled by computers---computers that can communicate all around the world, at the touch of a button. Computers that can, in an instant, separate us into categories according to our names, our race, our political beliefs, or by the names of our children. Computers that know all, and see all." Bubba explained how the Evil One is making his bid, once again, to write his own happy ending in the Final Chapter of the war between the 'forces of good and evil.' He told of how Gomez and the Dark Allies (Daemons, Zombies, and Orphan Zombies) have been unleashed to wreak their havoc in the Final Battle, with the Hounds of Hell nipping at our heels and the dreaded Cron orchestrating this whole savage 'Dance of Armageddon.' By now the crowd had grown deathly silent and Bubba, sensing that they were, individually and collectively, on the edge of despair, began talking about what could be done to alleviate, and perhaps even remedy, the present desperate situation. He explained that the reason that many of the best computer hackers around were teenagers was that they are in the hot, throbbing throes of puberty, and were thus very conscious of the yin-yang aspects of computers, which basically consist of just hardware and software. The hardware, he said, is the yang, or male aspect, of computers, while the software is the yin, or female, component. "Hardware is very ego-centered, it wants everything it's own way. In order to operate correctly, it wants everything to be very structured, in the place it wants it to be in, and meeting its own narrow criterion. When you turn the hardware on it gives itself a little diagnostic 'hitch in the crotch' to check its equipment, and says, 'let's get at it'---it's ready for some action." "Software is more flexible and malleable. It is more willing to go with the flow and change to meet the requirements for the job at hand, rather than forcing things to be done in a certain way. Good software will do anything you want it to do---it just wants to be coaxed with the right words and syntax, so that you don't think of it as being too 'easy.' Bubba explained that programmers are what Gurdjieff referred to as the 'third,' or 'unifying,' force in the universe, capable of bringing the yin and yang aspects of the cosmos into union with one another to produce a third, unique force. "Programmers are the unifying force that supply the energy enabling two separate and unique components, hardware and software, to have a relationship that is capable of productivity and growth. A marriage of matter that could spawn and produce a multitude of children to go forth and do many new things in the world, for better or worse, for good or for evil." "You are society's last hope for thwarting the Forces of Evil gearing up for the final battle, readying themselves to wreak grievous havoc upon the world, such that it has never known. It is up to you to 'raise the torch,' and let the 'light of knowledge' spread throughout the civilized world, in the thread of 'clues' scattered throughout the UNIX operating system, and throughout your programming and your instructions." "You must band together, man and woman, young and old, into a 'Magic Circle' for your own protection from the Forces of Darkness! You must develop your own secret codes and rituals to deal with the Evil Forces which will beset you daily once you set foot on the Path of Righteousness."
At this point Bubba, who had been sucking rather liberally on a bottle of Wild Turkey during this rousing and inspiring 'spiritual soliloquy,' started to lose his train of thought and began to babble randomly about young boys' hardware and young girls' software, making statements that downright smacked of pedophilia, and it turned into quite a nasty scene before the students finally threw him out of the meeting. But a spark had been ignited before the old geezer finally lost control of his mind, as well as some of his bodily functions, and the evening marked the initial development of the 'Post-Ancient Rites' of the Computer Age---and the beginning of an underground Secret Society later to become known by those within the 'Magic Circle' as the "Circle of Eunuchs." We are already now thoroughly involved in this, and your "students' essays" page is a very good example of a potential new dawn. We will see in due time... let us sip our cocktails and wait... as I told you, the repercussions, on the web never immediate, yet the inertial effects of our work can be huge.
Thank to your (and other) sites, those who want to learn will now be able to begin learning (and teaching, which is the other side of the same extraordinary mirror) within very powerful frames.
It was about time: maiora premunt! The world of the near future will be a "world of software", an half-virtual world, where code will assume today unbelievable massive proportions, where" reality" will not count much for the pavlovian gullible beings that will forget their miserable slave conditions deafened by the concerted (and concocted) "virtuality" that they will Oh so much love.
A world of software, a world of code, and therefore, as usual, a world of hidden codes and hidden meanings (as if the world we live in now did not have already enough of them :=(
I just hope that many of our "students" will soon tackle the more complex and even less rewarding task of cracking the reality they live in... hoc opus, hic labor: software protections are only a tiny part of the "unknown" world around us, albeit a very useful playground to flex your "reversing muscles".
Our students and friends will have the difficult (and seldom rewarding) task of finding the keys of its concealed doors, in order to donate them to all those who care, to all those that our enemies are determined to leave outside. In fact they "must" remain out in order to allow fat profits for a minority. This future codeworld will be a scary world indeed if we don't modify (or destroy) the rails our societies are now running on:
I advice you to fasten your seat belt and to seat next to an emergency exit.
Like cracking.
Work well, +ORC
Shackling the state *
by Nuri Albala
If signed, the current MAI proposals would form a benchmark for the global investment economy, taking precedence over most existing national obligations and agreements. The multinational corporations would be given powerful ammunition against sovereign states and the legal means to enforce their new "rights". It is a dynamic agreement which would ultimately "rollback" all national laws which did not conform. Translated by Julie Stoker
 The infamous "privatization" and "rationalization" trend of the last decades, basically aimed to degrade the quality of life in the whole world in order to allow more profits for the few that had the economic power, among many other damages, wiped away the "conductors" all over the world. A society where the cloak of rationalization is used only to blind people, tricking them into losing life quality and into political immobility through a well orchestrated propaganda machine in order, as always, to allow very few to make a lot of profit... Yes, as I have repeatedly told you: quality of life has been continuously and purposely lowered, in order to allow bigger profits for the few that control this awful society of stupid slaves: planes land noisy at night, whole suburbs abandoned to the savages, you have to carry heavy water home and your pensions (should you have the right to a pension) will be cut (or completely eliminated) in the near future in name of the "rationalization". In the mean time all social cushions are being stripped off one by one, in name of the "globalization" and of the "free play" of the market forces, which are nothing else than the uncontrollable throbbing for profits of the few that control these markets.
Don't be deceived if there is nothing about cracking code above... decoding life is much more important than decoding code, and you won't be able to feel the code if you don't learn first to decode the world around you.
A devastated, scorched society, that's where we live in, a desert of intelligence where only some faint lights glow. Make so that your brain will help others to find the way to understand the world around them with unsullied eyes, that's the real task of a cracker.
Moreover inside each country (rich and poor alike) takes place an analogous "development" in favor of the richest part of the population... that's the current "progress of humanity" stand behind all bla-bla-bla: rich get richer, poor get poorer... a nice society indeed, headed at full speed against a brick wall.
Because we are more than code crackers: we are reality crackers, my kids.
+ORC, the old red cracker, August 1997
Requiem for a Fallen Comrade:
One of the original members of the Circle of Eunuchs recently began analyzing information gleaned from an AI Model designed to enable herself and others to calculate the variation between the economic gains provided by the evolution of technology and the reflection of these gains in the economic evolution of society, as a whole.
The AI Model was designed and generated using techniques and methodologies which have already proved to provide exemplary results in regard to reflecting real-world results, as reflected by analysis and direct observation.
Her preliminary report, based on what she considered to be a solid--though incomplete--foundation, was that there appeared to be an astounding amount of wealth generated by evolving applied technology which was disappearing down a "Black Hole."
Shortly after providing her preliminary report, she, also, "disappeared down a Black hole," as did her equipment and all record of her work on the project, code-named 'Robyn Steele.'
Permanent residents of TVWorld are unlikely to notice her absence, but those who strive to live their life in a waking state are well aware that there is a star missing in the sky over Lost Alamo that brought much sparkle and joy to those who dare to venture out into the darkness to help others find their way to the light.
The Revolution is NOW!
People do not want to learn to be free, and to free them we have sadly to "circumvent" them with more or less the same techniques that our enemies use to enslave them :=)
Let's crack the very temples of the enemies of the humanity and poetry, the prisons where we are forced to buy and consume... let's show all idiots the WHIPS that are used to enslave them... as always light comes through knowledge.
Remember that NOTHING is casual in this awful society where people are CULTIVATED to consume and nothing else than that. Around you almost everything has a "secret" meaning, that you are not supposed to see, understand or crack So let's battle against them! Codebar! Understand! Explain others! Free the stupid slaves... watch the world around you free from petty convention and understand in what for an awful mess you are condemned to live! Prologue to 'WebWorld & The Mythical Circle of Eunuchs'
The great tragedy of it, is that it didn't have to happen. Not at all...we were warned.
And yet, still, it has come to this. I don't know why I feel this overwhelming compulsion to go on and on about it. I could have done something. We all could have done something.
Perhaps the final epitaph on the gravestone of Freedom will be, "Why didn't somebody 'do' something?" That seems to be the common battle-cry of the legions of humanity that have been sucked into the vortex of the New World Order.
None of the imprisoned seem to know that the very phrase itself is reflective of the source of their imprisonment...that this desperate cry of anguish is in no way an antidote for the terrible disease that has afflicted 'Liberty and Justice', and that it is, rather, merely the final symptom of the cursed blight itself. I can hear the rumbling of the trucks as they come up the street, and soon I will be hearing the thumping of the jackboots storming up the staircase, as I have heard them so many times before. But I suspect that this time, the sound will be different, that it will have an ethereal quality about it, one which conveys greater personal meaning than it did when I heard it on previous occasions.
This time, they are coming for 'me.'
My only hope is that I can find the strength of character somewhere inside myself to ask the question which lies at the heart of why there is a 'they' to come for me at all...why, in the end, it has finally come to this for me, as for countless others. The question is, in retrospect, as simple and basic as it is essential for any who still espouse the concepts of freedom and liberty to ask themselves upon finding themselves marveling at the outrageousness being perpetrated upon their neighbors by 'them'...by 'others'...by 'Friends of the Destroyer.' The question is:
"Why didn't 'I' do something?"

@_date: 1998-04-02 19:20:01
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: Re: regulating the internet 
What is life?
[Please reply  by private, encrypted email--I plan to sell the answer by
email MLM.]

@_date: 1998-04-02 19:57:31
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: The modem tax never left... 
The NotReally News ReportWhore informs us:
Something that Republican children of the post-JFK generation all remember
is where they were when George Bush said, "Read my (moving) lips...No New
The great tragedy of their times, though they still fail to recognize it
even today, is that the citizens present at that occassion did not rush the
stage and drag him to the nearest tree with a limb strong enough to hold his
weight when a rope was thrown over it and attached to his neck.
The sticky PrePubescizens of the WebGeneration will someday regret that
their parents stood by and didn't even bother watching as the Analogue Lies
of the Controllers were transformed into Digital Lies suitable for implant
into the brains of the Robotizens, via the infrared wave emission
capabilities of TeleTunnelVision and JavasCrapGraphics.
I know that you make your living in the Belly of the DCBeast, so you don't
want to slay the Monster Who Lays The Golden Eggs, but couldn't you at least
try to make sure that the Monster gets a little of the Bad Eggs it is
hurling at the Flockizens on its own face?
How about some headlines such as:
  "Lying Piece of DC Shit Claims Hands-Off Internet Policy"
  "Arrogant Thieves Expect Victims To Believe They Won't Shake Down
  "Armed Terrorists Fake Retreat To Draw Victims Into Ambush."
And this is True (TM)?
Are there any real reporters left in the media who are capable of analyzing
the Claims (TM) being made by those promoting Facts (TM) meant to serve
their own-self interests?
(Not a 'crime', but neither should it be a 'gimme.')
Is their anyone in the techno-reporting industry who is capable of including
an analysis of the claims of various players in the game of  Buy The Pot?
Are any of those reporting on the
Telecos' claims capable of informing those with a limited knowledge of the
technology involved if the analog and digital signals being discussed are
comparable in terms of the 'burden' that they place on the Telecos, or if
InterNet service would be more efficient or competitive if put into the
hands of other communications infrastructures?
If the local Telecos are finding themselves 'burdened' by InterNet traffic,
then perhaps they should share that terrible burden with Cable Companies,
and other entities who would like a chance to compete for the InterNet
business which is currently in the dictatorial grip of the Regulators Who
Feed At The Teleco Trough.
I expect that I can find the answers to the questions I have about these
matters by reading a mountain of information from various sources, and then
distilling it down to manageable proportions suitable for analysis.
It seems to me that if the media is not providing that type of service to
me, then I might save myself time by accessing the original 'press releases'
by various government and corporate entities, and not have to wade through
mountains of media 'news' which adds little to what was handed to them on a
silver platter for advertising/disinformation/promotion purposes.
~ ~
 ~ ~
"The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar -- The Digital Revolution"
"Space Aliens Hide My Drugs"

@_date: 1998-04-04 03:07:47
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: Re: V-Chip Reruns... 
:While this was a parody, I did recently see a TV news segment
:discussing ratings regulations on TV and the Internet.
:They interviewed one parent who was quite concerned -
:her daughter had her own TV in her bedroom, and there
:was no way to know what she might be watching, what with
:cable tv carrying all sorts of things.....
Sounds like we need some federal, state, county, municipal and local
legislation passed in regard to these concerns.
I think it should involve felony convictions for both the parent and the
When criminal records are outlawed, only outlaws will have criminal
records...I think...
Toto  "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar -- The Digital Revolution"
"Space Aliens Hide My Drugs"

@_date: 1998-04-05 19:10:33
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: April Fool ! / Off-schedule, off-topic, or out-of-sync? 
Strange things happen when one gets sucked into a BlackHole TimeWarp
filled with imaginary Outlaw Quarks and PseudoReptilian Identity-Bots.
  When this happens, and you just have to *tell* somebody, there is nowhere
to turn except to the CypherPunks Disturbed Male List, where this kind of
thing seems to happen all the time, judging from the multi-dimensional
personalities displayed by various list members in both their 'consistent'
(hee-hee) and 'adjustable' list personas.
  I woke up this morning to discover that my world had been turned upside
down by the ancient ancestor and fortuitous forerunner of the Y2K Bug--the
H1H Mite.
  The H1H Mite, kissing cousin to the Snipe, exists only in men's minds
(hence its proximity to April 1st) but, like the infield-fly rule, it is
recognized as a living, breathing entity deserving of recognition,
regulation, and even it's own pseudo-jingle--"Spring forward, fall back."
  Having spent a good part of my life living in Arizona and Saskatchewan,
where we, like the sun, moon and stars, sit back on our lazy asses while the
majority of the world is springing forward and falling back through the
time-space continuum, I am used to watching huge masses of people 'gain' and
'lose' a piece of the solar time-pie to the Tick-Tock TimeWarp and jump
through the various hoops necessary to make certain that the Sacred Clock of
Tick-Tock is not fooled into shorting or longing (?) the various elements of
Sacred Time, such as paychecks, billing periods, interest charges, etc.
  When I saw my computer clock had 'sprung forward,' even though it does not
contain any of the springs and such which are historically an element of
Sacred Time, I took the time to jump into the appropriate area of my system
and hit it hard enough so that my clock 'fell back' to where Mother Nature
had intended for it to remain. I also took the time to solve my H1H Mite
problem by re-clicking the code-generated symbol which graphically
rearranges the rest of the virtual world so that the (GMT -6:00 No Daylight
Savings) Sacred TimeZone hovers over my computer and pronounces it to now
officially be in Saskatchewan, though I, personally, never saw it move.
  The H1H Mite did cost me a bit of time and trouble to eradicate, as well
as a small amount of computer resources, but,. enterprising genius that I
am, I did not lose the ranch, the family fortune, or even miss a meal, as a
result of the having to deal with the little critter on my own in-house
computer system. The effect of the H1H Mite on the part of my environment
which falls outside of my control, however, had potentially devastating
  Upon waking this morning and checking Channel 10, which shows the
currently scheduled TV shows, I quickly noticed that the Preview Channel
Sacred Clock had 'sprung forward,' dragging the schedule along in its wake.
  The stability of my whole world was, as a result, thrown into complete
turmoil, and it was only a few hours later, when some Blessed Angel of Mercy
corrected the situation, that my world regained some semblance of normality.
Now I understood how the people who are used to watching Jerry Springer in
the mornings on WUHF-TV felt when the station moved the show to the
afternoon, in order to herd Jerry Springer fans into the trough next to
their Sacred Five O'Clock News feeding pen.
  The experience of turning to a certain channel to watch a 'listed' show
and stumbling into a BlackHole in which I was subjected to the sights and
sounds of unusual and/or unfamiliar combinations of electronic bytes flying
by had struck such terror into me that I now understood why Jerry Springer's
morning fans had deluged WUHF-TV with demands that the show be switched back
to its normal morning schedule. It also explained an event that I had
witnessed, and had thought rather 'normally bizarre' at the time, in terms
of the vulnerability of those addicted to the ElectronOpiate when threatened
with the disruption of their scheduled fix.
  The VicePres/GenMan of  WUHF-Detroit had, during an important, highlighted
Editorial Sight&Sound Byte, solemnly explained to the JerryJunkies that the
purpose of the time-move had been to prop up the station's Sacred Five
O'Clock NewsTeam, which apparently was not serving a 'slop' of sufficient
quality that would entice FreeRanging TVSheeple to be attracted to the
trough from wherever else they happened to be grazing at the time. He
proceeded to explain that they had moved their most popular feeding pen next
to their Sacred NewsFeed Trough in order to make the trough the easiest
choice for those who had not been sated by the physical and emotional
violence of the Jerry Springer Feeding Pen, and wanted to drink up the blood
and chew on the pieces of flesh thrown into the Sacred Five O'Clock News
  What I found bizarre and troubling was that the BigShot then proceeded to
sound genuinely hurt that the station had--in moving the show back to its
morning time slaught (not a typo) out of a genuine concern arising from the
painful bleats of the many TVSheeple  who cried out to the station in agony
when their JSFix failed to arrive on time--somehow become 'victimized' in
the process.Taking a page or two out of the PBS fundraising encyclopaedia,
he pointed out that, in view of the fact that WUHF-TV had acted so
self-lessly in coming to the aid of those who the station was generously
providing with their MorningFix, that WeTheSheeple were now somehow
obligated to repay that generosity by getting their EveningFix from the
WUHF-TV connection, even if it meant leaving their current grazing area near
a NewsFeed Trough with superior swill, and supporting WUHF-TV's
EveningConnection, even though the NewsFix they provided would not provide a
NewsBuzz comparable to that of their competitors.
  Not only were the subliminal digital implants of the PBS GuiltMobile
blatantly being hijacked for the use of a commercial TV station, but the
BigShot from ProfitTV also invoked the unspoken VeiledThreat that, if the
TVJunkies failed to comply, there was the possibility that the Sheeple would
no longer have their JerrySpringerFix Connection to kick around any more.
  As a result of being tossed back and forth in unfamiliar virtual territory
as a result of the intrusion of the H1H Mite in my life, I found myself
objectively viewing the Sight&Sound Bytes that passed randomly through my
perceptive field, without benefit of the usual AutoProgrammed ThoughtHelper
spices been added to the mix of the slop being served up to my  normally
nondiscrimatorial palete.
  Thus it was that, not being preprogrammed and already caught up in the
'story' being promoted by the narrators of a women's tennis tournament in
South Africa, I was able to notice that the woman who lost the championship
match seemed to take it as a matter of stride when she came up short, as
well as the shit-eating grin she had on her face when the SecondGuy
expressed regret for having to hand her a check for only $60,000, and then
proceeded to give an unusually deep and prolonged advertising sound-byte for
the loser's skill, character, and value to her country.
  I also found myself able, not having been hypnotized into believing
anything the narrator's voices told me, to connect the dots between various
facts which quickly became obvious.
1. This was a Special Anniversary of  the Tournament.
2. This was the first time a homegrown Cinderella had won the tournament.
3. The Story Book Ending (TM) was worth a fortune to the club, country and
4. Cinderella had entered the tournament "to practice." She came out of
nowhere, to win.
5. Her opponent in the final committed 51 "unforced errors" in two short
6. Ms. Cinderella was backed by the deep pockets of Nike.
  I find it notable that the short reality-shock delivered by my cable
company's fumbling of the ball in dealing with the H1H Mite, for a
relatively short period of time, could result in my being roused from my
comfortable TVReality Slumber to the extent that I would be forced to use my
senses to interpret the information input being digitally transferred to my
brain, instead of having it automatically pre-categorized for insertion to
the proper VirtualReality Slot.
  The Automatic Doors of Perception slid open so widely that I could now
recognize the operation of universal human qualities and impulses which are
normally veiled from our consciousness by the fog of the repetitively banal
OfficialStory to which we are invariably subjected to by those we have
chosen as our RealityReporters, be they reporters, columnists, advertisers,
spin-doctors, authority-figures, or whatever...
  In the disorientation of my Regular Programming (pardon the pun), I could
clearly see the same human quality of conscience, and impulse to confess,
that results in:
1. Criminals unexpectedly facing questioning by Mr. GoodGuy and Mr. BadGuy,
and letting leak details of the Forbidden Truth in regard to the crimes they
have committed because of the remaining vestiges of resistance that their
TrueSoul has to THE LIE.
2. Tennis champions unexpectedly thrown into the limelight letting leak the
fact that their victory was the direct result of their opponent's
unperterbed demeanor in handing them the championship on a silver platter.
Tournament Chairpersons being unable to speak a single sentence without some
unconscious reference to the tremendous promotional and monetary benefit
resulting from Cinderella taking center stage in the GreatPlay which had
just been 'produced.'
3. TruthMongers with a history of laughing at the stupidity of the
AutoProgrammed Sheeple becoming so shell-shocked and disoriented by a minor
disruption of their normal routine that they let leak the fact that they are
merely a member of an equally programmed Sheeple of One Cult which considers
itself to be a cut above those who the MindMasters are carving into steaks
in preparation for their being fed to the insatiable appetites of the
  All of which leads me to wonder:
1. If the minor glitches resulting from the H1H Mite are capable of such
radical reorientation of the Automatic Doors of Perception in an Elite
Sheeple such as myself, then what will be the capacity of a vastly more
encompassing Millennium bug for causing members of the Great Herd to lose
their bearings and turn into a disoriented, scattered mass so desperate for
a Savior (TM) to show them back to their comfortable feeding pens that they
are willing to ignore the slaughter houses being built beside them.
2. How many of the Sheeple, forced by circumstances to look up from the
feeding trough, will notice what big eyes and teeth the SheepHerders have,
and realize that their self-interests might be better served by engaging in
an evolutionary mutation into a more predatorial species.
3. Will a Silver Bullet kill a Vampire Clock which sucks an hour out of
Sacred Time?
4. How many Silver Bullets does it take to kill a Millennium Bug?
"Harassment and oppression are a small price to pay for living in the land
of the free."
 ~ Nuclear PowerMonger (Homer's boss, on 'The Simpsons')
Toto  "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar -- The Digital Revolution"
"Space Aliens Hide My Drugs"

@_date: 1998-04-05 20:06:37
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: Re: What's up in SASEBO, or Don't Tug The Beard 
:>From: gmartin ("George Martin")
:>>Maybe you should've checked out the url to see if it was
:>>valid before you shot your mouth off in public... The file
:>>was removed quite a few months ago and was never download
:>>by anyone outside of the .mil domain.  Take your
:>>troublemaking somewhere else.
:>I of course informed him that he was mininformed or uninformed.
:Correct, David. Following your notice, we saved Ft. Bragg's
:utility listing on April 2 and downloaded its military-grade pgp262
:for patriotic display in the public interest at:
:   It mystifies me as to why government FUD disseminators seem to think that
they can spread Fear, Uncertainty and Disinformation on the InterNet with
the same blatant disregard for the facts that they employ in feeding their
mainstream media pets.
The problem with the wild animals free-ranging on the InterNet, of course,
is that not all of them have yet been domesticated and de-fanged. They can,
and will, byte back.
The problem that the InterNet poses for those government administrations and
agencies that desire to extend the unconstitutional rule of fear and
oppression into its bosom is thus:
"The InterNet interprets censorship as damage, and routes around it."
~ John Gilmore
A mountain of lies by unethical, self-serving government entities is
incapable of blocking the access of the citizens to the millions of
molehills strewn about the InterNet which are capable of bringing the
garbage that the government buries underground to the surface, where the
sight and stench of it will be available to those who wish to know the
The government does not have the resources to intimidate and persecute the
millions of individuals who are capable of placing hard evidence of
government lies on their website, or of stopping the legal dissemination of
US Forbidden Information (TM) to foreign countries, such as Canada, and the
legal forwarding of it to a variety of countries around the world through a
Canadian ISP, such as Sympatico,
I amazes me that a US citizen is subject to imprisonment for sending the
same material to a foreign country that she can legally send to the email
addresses of foreign nationals and foreign embassy employees within the US.
It particularly amazes me that those who manage to get elected to high
office by promising to be 'tough on crime,' and who stress the need for the
citizens to be protected from savage crimes--such as, say...murdering those
in authority--by labelling as criminals and punishing those who do such
things, would be so eager to enact so many far-reaching laws that an
increasing majority of the citizens are, in fact, becomimg criminals and
thus have increasingly little to lose by resisting the government's declared
intention to punish them.
The government goes to great pains to convince the citizens that violence
and killing is justified when it is directed toward The Bad Guys (TM).
Well, when you become a criminal, guess who The Bad Guys (TM) are...
Toto  "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar -- The Digital Revolution"
"Space Aliens Hide My Drugs"

@_date: 1998-04-06 02:59:41
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: An extra five years? / Re: An apology... 
:Indeed.  So that we can prevent this from happening again, I'll
:reveal my deadly hacker tools.  Alta Vista and Beer.
Doesn't use of Alta Vista and Beer in commission of what authorities wish
was a crime make you subject to an extra five years in prison for your next
speeding ticket?
:Why is the CIA is so full of spies?
To keep an eye on each other...
Toto  "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar -- The Digital Revolution"
"Space Aliens Hide My Drugs"

@_date: 1998-04-06 05:37:48
@_author: toto@sk.sympatico.ca 
@_subject: So we can expect lower taxes, now...right? 
THE LIBERTARIAN, By Vin Suprynowicz
Paul Craig Roberts -- former Treasury Department subaltern during
the Reagan administration -- makes a convincing case that America's
"Department of Justice" is now engaging in fund-raising tactics little
removed from that old standby of Tijuana justice.
  "Junk Bond King" Michael Milken -- now semi-retired to Northern Nevada --
"has been thrice held for ransom" in unjustified prosecutions, Roberts
argues in a March 31 column in Investor's Business Daily.
"Milken forked over
$600 million to buy his way out of a 98-count indictment that University of
Chicago law professor Daniel Fischal has shown to be as phony as a $3 bill.
  "Milken was next seized by the Resolution Trust Corp. and the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corp. To buy his way out of endless
litigation" -- funded by the taxpayers, of course -- "Milken handed over
$900 million."
Casting covetous eyes on the $42 million consulting fee Milken had
been paid by News Corp.'s Rupert Murdoch and MCI's Bert Roberts, the
regulators demanded Milken fork it over -- plus a $5 million bonus --
before they would give him a clean bill of health with his parole judge.
Once the government had his money in hand, the
Justice Department wrote to the judge, indicating it had found no reason to
pursue Milken for parole violations -- that Justice had decided he was
innocent of any wrongdoing (start ital)before(end ital) he handed over his
latest ransom.
Milken was held
up and robbed by the SEC in broad daylight for no other reason than the
power the SEC has to extract ransoms from chosen victims."
  Furthermore, Robert concludes, "...What we have witnessed is a conspiracy
between the SEC and the Justice Department to rob a man of $47 million."
  All this would be bad enough if we could believe Mr. Milken alone had
been singled out for such attentions. But in a passing reference in its
March 9 coverage of the federal "antitrust" case against Bill Gates'
Microsoft, Newsweek mentions the same antitrust team has "painful memories
of the endless 1970s and '80s IBM breakup case, which turned into an
O.J.-like courtroom comedy until it was rendered moot by a market-spawned
challenger to IBM ... Microsoft."
  How's that again? The "crimes" in question became "moot" once the chosen
victim lost his preeminence in the market, and thus his attractiveness for
milking? So a necessary part of the definition of this "crime" is success,
while all one must do to escape official "justice" is to lose market share?
  Curiouser and curiouser.
Vin Suprynowicz is the assistant editorial page editor of the Las Vegas
Review-Journal. Readers may contact him via e-mail at vin The web
site for the Suprynowicz column is at  The
column is syndicated in the United States and Canada via Mountain Media
Syndications, P.O. Box 4422, Las Vegas Nev. 89127.
Toto  "The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre"
"WebWorld & the Mythical Circle of Eunuchs"
"InfoWar -- The Digital Revolution"
"Space Aliens Hide My Drugs"

@_date: 1998-04-13 15:00:30
@_author: "C.J. Parker" 
@_subject: Please Help! 
Poor little C.J. Parker will go to bed 'legal' tonight, unless some
kind soul has spare Canadian WebSpace that they can bum him, in order
to violate portions of the Canada Criminal Code by indulging in a
pathetic, whining diatribe of self-hate and victimization.
Surely there is some kind multiple-felon who is willing to give up a
small portion of their own future court time in order to help a less
fortunate individual with only a meager supply of pending criminal
charges to sleep soundly tonight, knowing that he will not have to
face the pain and humiliation that comes from being a decent, law-
abiding Canadian CypherPunk.
THE OFFICIAL C.J. PARKER HATE PAGE
"His bad self-image and low self-esteem, and the knowledge that he had
 come by them honestly..."
~Excert from 'Space Aliens Hide My Drugs'
  KUDOS OF THE WEEK go to Revenue Canada Customs and Excise
Thug, Bill Mitschill, who legally stole the tools of freedom used by C.J. Parker to Author chapters of a manuscript designed to kick down
the doors of perception and lead to the violent overthrow of Perceived
MeatSpace Reality (TM).
  Parker, unknown as the Author of socially deviant UCE/SPAMs such
as "How To Make BIG $$$ Sitting At Home, Licking Your Own Dick!,"
was given a stiff dose of reality by Offal Sir MitSchill and his partner, who put on a blatant show of government disregard for the Legal and Charter Rights of its PawnIzens by not even bothering to tell Good Lies (TM) while widening Parker's asshole in preparation for the
beginning of the RCMP Special Greco-Olympic Games.
Congrats, Bill. A hundred points for stealing Parker's computer, and
five hundred points for gathering photocopied evidence linking Parker
to the biological warfare terrorists who rebelled against the King's
Revenue agents by dumping terroroist tea into Boston Harbor, and then assaulted and murdered members of the King's LEAs during the
lawful performance of their duties, while following proper Royalist
This is a good time to remind Parker Haters (TM) across North America
that, despite our long history of applying strong negative labels to him for deviating from the Norm (TM) (and even stronger electroshocks to his brain), that current social and legal trends give us plenty of leeway to ignore his Legal and Charter Rights when sticking a cold, hard one up his butt to hammer him into line with the other NailIzens.
  The RCMP officers of the Wild, Wild Nor'West continue to lead the
way in keeping social deviants constantly on the run, no matter how far
from MeatSpace they run to try to escape.
  You will undoubtedly remember last year's article about members of
the Yorkton RCMP who planted drugs in a sting operation designed to
set a transient felon visiting C.J. Parker, and then decided that Parker's unconventional lifestyle made him a perfect dupe for prosecution, when it turned out that duuhhh Mountie's ignorance of the laws they are paid to enforce precluded prosecuting the original target of their illegal sting operation.
  Well, Parker Haters (TM) can rest assured that C.J. Parker (aka - Toto, TruthMonger    is currently having his ass kicked back,
from his mind's hiding space deep within the bowels of InterNet Free
Terra, to the boundaries of MeatSpace, within which his imprisoned
ass and mind can only gaze wistfully at those still living freely on the far side of the ElectroMagnetic Curtain which was slammed down around his Illegal Mind (TM) by the confiscation of his computer and the Digital Murder of his Sympatico WebSite.
  The Regina (can I *say* that on the InterNet?) RCMP are to be
applauded for their arrogant, oppressive reminder to Parker that their
willingness to lie on the witness stand, threated defense witnesses and
run them out of town, as well as pile mountains of bogus charges on
his head, mean that Parker's sorry ass is grass, unless he defers to the
wishes of the Mounties defending the home of the AssMan, and sits
his mind down in society's chair, straightens up his mind, and quits
mentally fidgetting.
Today's Humor:
"First He came for Adam and Eve, but there were not yet any other
humans on the earth, so there was nobody to speak up.
"Then They came for Jane and Joe Sheeple, but they were too busy
focusing on the meager piles of hay used to lure them into the feeding
pen to notice the SlaughterHaus next door, so nobody bleated.
"Then They came for the TruthMongers, and I was a TruthMonger,
so I began eating an *enormous* amount of beans..."
~Constable TruthMonger (BigLoser Inside)
(c) 1998, C.J. PARKER ("Hating myself since 1949")

@_date: 1998-04-20 19:51:48
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Epilogue 3/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! (Now containing special advertising inserts geared toward the reader's individual interests, based on your choice of password sfor your secret encryption keys.) 
Epilogue 3/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
  ...Oh, yeah...now I remember!
  TalkTV!   It's a bastard-child of two forms of media--radio and
television--whose parents could never truly enter into a real marriage
because of slight differences in their techno-ethnic backgrounds.
  Nonetheless,  CITV-Edmonton has a TalkTV program which is a televised
radio call-in talk show.apparently designed to circumvent the potential
danger of another 'War of the Worlds' fiasco resulting from the tendency
of gullible Sheeple to believe everything they hear, and thus ending
with them racing en-mass off the edge of a cliff because the current
demand for the teaching of  equality in the educational system does not
allow the students to be taught that there is a difference between sheep
and lemmings.
[The New World Mathematical Order Equality Equations:
  0 + 1 = 1 ; 1 + 2 = 1 ; 4 * 7 = 1 ; (38 -12) * (6 + 4) = 1
 "Why can't we just all get a one?"  ~ Rodney King, after being beaten by L.A. police for driving faster
than 1 mph]
  These facts alone have little or no bearing on the point I am about to
make, but, taken together with a giant leap of logic, they lead to the
unmistakable conclusion that I am receiving secret messages from the
Gods of Communication through TV, radio, email, InterNet browsers and
the things pinned to the bulletin board at the local laundromat.
  The messages say, "KILL...KILL...KILL...KILL..."
  This fact in itself is not particularly troubling, nor even
noteworthy, for that matter, since, as a TechnoInfoWarrior, I am free to
slip into the Righteous Armour of the TruthMonger Multi-User InterNet
Persona and use my massive hidden stocks of excess commas, overused
capital letters and misplaced quote marks to wreak havoc upon the
English language in a frenzy of random slaughter that will eventually
lead to a total draining of the life-blood of meaning coursing
throughout the veins of the ascii-output thrown upon the Screen of
Reality (TM) which is no longer Silver, but any color that the end-user
chooses it to be, with a click of a mouse-button.
{I am once again losing my train of thought, here, but please bear with
me, as I suspect that I will find it devilishly hiding on a side-track
of the next few paragraphs.}
  The Jesus Futures Market--run by TOTO Enterprises in Bienfait,
Saskatchewan, and backed by BlackTar Junk Bonds-- reflects the evolution
of religious-faith technology into the Digital Salvation Age where Jesus
becomes a true Multi-User Savior who can redeem the sins of anyone who
has a credit-card number that can be used to receive a valid password
from the SoulCheck Validation System that allows them access to a wide
variety of Redemption sites capable of meeting their individual needs
according to the nature of the Adult Sex sites they have been visiting
(although the.individual Redemption WebSites reserve the right to add
surcharges for the redemption of sins involving graphic reproductions of
sex acts with life-forms or inanimate objects which are not covered by
the Original Crucifixion).
  As well, the proliferation of WebSites reflecting the validity of a
wide range of religious beliefs (i.e. - GodHatesFags.com, 'God's
Canadian Biblical Hate Page', not to mention the ever popular
 has led end-users to the
realization that they are no longer limited to the 'official' bullshit
being fed to them by government, corporate, religilous and social
leaders, but can actually make their own bullshit official by slapping
it into HTML format, uploading it to the InterNet, and making it as
valid a part of Virtual Reality as the MSNBC news URLs singing the
praises of a kindlier, gentler IRS.
  In fact, if you can convince some other lunatics to 'Link' to your
WebSite, in return for providing 'links' to the bullshit and garbage
that they have made manifest from what started out as a bad case of gas
from eating too many refried beans, then you have a shot BigTime
(TM), perhaps becoming part of some Ring of Worms that will throw total
strangers randomly into your own professed belief system, even if you
just made it up when you were drunk and have no idea what it all means
when you, yourself,  read your own WebSite, yourself, even when you are
drunk again (like now).
  So, as you can plainly see, it is equally easy to get back on track to
what may have been the original point I was trying to make, by throwing
a crossing-switch in your mind which links the validity of all religious
beliefs, regardless of their truth, in Reality (TM) (as long as they are
an HTML formatted part of the New World DisOrder arising from an
unregulated InterNet), with the equal validity of believing each and
every wave, bit or byte of analogue or digital information capable of
knocking on the Doors of Perception, as a Message from
MadDogInPossessionOfTheLastFalseSmile exhorting The Perceiver to
"KILL...KILL...KILL!!!" everything that moves, and some that don't, on
the theory that, since THE LIE is the 'Mother of the 10,000 Lies',
whereas The Truth (TM) is  hard to come by, rabidly biting them all so
that they will die a slow and agonizing death (unless they get the whole
series of rabies shots in time) and letting Dog sort them out will be
mathematically verifiable as being in the overall best interests of
WeTheSheeple, in the long run, over the long haul, on average, for the
most part, despite the pathetic whining of individual survivors of The
RAGE (TM) (i.e. - Fred Goldman), who selfishly petition for individual
justice at the expense of  the current hit-and-miss justice system which
averages out (in the long run, over the long haul, for the most part)
instead of just moving to Russia, if they don't like it.
  In short, the entrance bar on the Turnstile of the Gate Heaven has
been lowered by WeTheNetizens, so that pretty much anyone can jump over
it if they are short on officially recognized righteousness tokens, as
long as their beliefs and actions have been validated by a single hit on
their "HOW MANY DEAD BODIES DOES IT TAKE TO SPELL, 'I *TOLD* YOU I WAS
CRAZY'" WebSite.
  Thus it follows, that MeatSpace Authorities who choose to engage
InfoWarriors in battle on the physical plane are ultimately responsible
for any mayhem and destruction that may result from the transmission of
Digital InformationWaves (which are fairly harmless in their natural
optic fiber cable environment), over the Analogue MeatSpace Medium of a
human brain which has a level of electric resistance that makes it a bad
conductor, leading to the buildup of the heat of inner rage that can
only be released by the gentle breeze provided by the heat-reduction
attachment on a rapid-fire assault rifle being fired in a suitable
environment, such as a Denny's Restaurant, a Post Office, or within 500'
of a school.
Text Only Commercial Break
[I regret that the added expense of bribing my oldest nephew to lend me
his laptop in order to route around the damage caused by Decent People
With Family Values (TM) has forced me to rent space in the 'SPACE ALIENS
HIDE MY DRUGS!!!' manuscripts to A-Word-A-Day, who have kindly provided
me with a steady supply of excess commas, overused capital letters and
misplaced quote marks gleaned from the rough drafts of their work by
consciencious editors who are hoping that the Author will 'choke' on
CAN'T POSSIBLY BE TRUE
* Robert Gettman Boone, 51, was arrested at his home in a
Baltimore, Md., suburb in January and charged as the man who had
been firing two-foot-long, homemade bombs from his front yard,
across a busy thoroughfare, to a lot behind a car wash.  According
to police, Boone told them, "There's nothing to get excited about,"
that he was "just doing some experiments with high explosives." (Later, it took authorities almost eight hours to remove all the
explosives that were in his home.) * In September, police at Los Angeles International Airport
stopped Mark L. Kulp, 34, at a metal detector before his flight
home to East Grand Forks, Minn.  In his carry-on bags, Kulp had
several guns, 100 rounds of ammunition, knives, handcuffs, a ski
mask, and a fake sheriff's badge.  The police confiscated the
equipment and detained Kulp, and even learned that he was wanted
on an arrest warrant in Minnesota for threatening a police officer. However, they decided they could not arrest him because the guns
were not loaded, and when Minnesota authorities declined to send
anyone to bring him back, Kulp was released. BOOKS BY CHUCK SHEPHERD:  The Concrete Enema and
Other News of the Weird Classics by Chuck Shepherd (Andrews
and McMeel, 1996, $6.95) is still available in some larger
bookstores.  Or you can order by mail from Atomic Books, 1018
N. Charles St., Baltimore MD 21201 (add $2 postage for the first
book, $3 for two to the same address, $4 for 3, and $5 for more
than 3) (credit card orders 1-800-778-6246,
  Or by credit card  from
Andrews and McMeel, 1-800-642-6480 (they bill $2 postage per
book).  Also by Chuck Shepherd and available at some larger
bookstores (and at Atomic Books):  News of the Weird (Plume
Books, 1989, $9), More News of the Weird (Plume, 1990, $9),
Beyond News of the Weird (Plume, 1991, $9), and America's Least
Competent Criminals (HarperPerennial, 1993, $9).  (The 1989,
1990, and 1991 books were co-authored with John J. Kohut and
Roland Sweet.)  Chuck Shepherd does not sell books, himself.
We Now Return You To Our Regularly Scheduled Chaos
  Insertion of an advertisement for publications by Chuck Shepherd,
perpetrator of the News Of The Weird, in a space bought and paid for by
A-Word-A-Day's Anu(s), should be taken as proof of the veracity of my
long-standing claims to be a drunken, senile old fart whose inability to
control either his bladder, his mind or his mouth, makes him a
natural-born TruthMonger (A Subsiduary Of Bubba Rom Dos Enterprises).
  Speaking of which...
  I need to take a leak and grab another beer, so this seems as good a
place as any to end this portion of the Bienfait Nutly News "KILL THE
CHILDREN!!!" Special.
  So..."Smoke 'em if you got 'em.", grab yourself a Brewski, and write
you mom an email with no capital letters or punctuation marks (in order
to help save the linguistic environment from the ravaging effects of the
hole in the Bozo Layer of the Author's mind, leading to the creative
juices of the muse dripping down to form a bizarre mixture with his
procreative, gastric and intestinal juices, resulting in a conceptual
cocktail containing chaotic corruptions of linguistic manipulations
which have the capacity to suck the creative juices out of both the
minds and the cocks of those currently under Grand Jury investigation by
Special Persecutor, Dimitri Vulis KOTM, for CypherPunks Activities.

@_date: 1998-04-22 06:50:46
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Epilogue 4/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Epilogue 4/0 - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
  Thank you...I'm feeling much better (The rEvolution Is) NOW!
  As if confiscating the MeatSpace tools and CyberSpace home that the
Author uses to channel the violent demons warring to burst out of the
thin walls of moral character imprisoning them inside his brain wasn't
  THEY (TM) have been conspiring to inundate the Author with a multitude
of secret message transfers via the available cable channels in the
small community in which he resides. The blatantly subliminal messages
being ceaselessly spammed into the Author's MeatSpace environment, via
the TV cable originating at an underground Reptilain Nazi resort and spa
deep beneath LizardMoor Labs and Gold Retrievers.
  A typical day in the cleverly disguised nuclear/biological laboratory
in the small, quiet prairie town of Bienfait, Saskatchewan, begins with
a variety of subliminal messages pointing out to the Author that his
lifelong dream of being invited as a guest on the David Letterman TV
show, in order to confront him with the fact that the Author is carrying
Dave's baby (despite the lies being spread that it is really just a
'beer belly'), can never be realized unless he makes a concerted attempt
to cash in on the new, improved version of 'National Security,' commonly
known as 'Save The Children.'
[Editor's Note: Current polls indicate that unconstitutional laws and
criminal actions by those in authority are currently very difficult to
justify under the wrapped-flag of 'National Security', since an
increasing number of Americans are probing for weaknesses in that
security in order to judge the viability of attacking it in a
grass-roots rEvolution.
However, the 'Save The Children' scam seems to currently still be an
effective ruse for perpetrating all manner of self-serving
actions/injustices, due to the success of the government's efforts to
hide the fact that the 'innocent' children are murdering their parents,
classmates and total strangers at an increasing rate, by trying them as
TV Reality:
Good Morning America: Interview with the authors of 'The War Against
  Beats the drum of working parents being forced by government
regulation, corporate policy and economic reality into being overworked,
underpaid Bad Providers who get no financial support/breaks in the
razing of their children in today's society.
  Successful Singles and Childless Couples point out that they are all
in favor of 'saving' the children, as long as they are not expected to
pony-up their hard-earned cash to support the progeny of those who want
to multiply like rabbits at their expense.
Maury Povitch: Child Food Abuse! Felony Fat! Parents Tried As Adults!
  The Big Bones of government officials gets shoved up the rectums of
Big Boned citizens who are imprisoned and have their children taken away
for child abuse as a result of having 'overweight' children.
  The Defenders of Children Who Eat Too Much fail to point out that
society and government don't seem particularly concerned that these same
children, if they have no health coverage, or are 'protected' by an HMO
plan which needs to cut corners in order to give their chief officers
hefty pay increases, will be allowed to die untreated in a hospital
waiting room, at which point their parents will be guilty of 'felony'
child abuse.
CBC Midday News: Bad Medicine Reactions A Leading Cause of Death.
  Makes it obvious that even if the Felony Fat Kids prove to be
financially worthy of receiving medical treatment to counter the effects
of their parent's Child Food Abuse crimes, they still have a good chance
of dying from a bad reaction to the medicine being forced upon them by
government officials, and die, once again making their parents guilty of
'felony' child abuse.
The Fifth Estate: Save The Geese!
  A seemingly heartwarming story of CityGeese being saved from the
slaughterhouse by those who train them  to fly south for the winter
alongside of ultralight planes (complete with heartwarming scenes and
music from the official Made For TV Movie).
  THEY (TM) could not resist, however, slipping in a statement which
might seem innocuous on the surface, but is filled with deep, dark
meaning for he who realizes that, since he is now a toothless old fart
who can no longer receive messages from Mars through the fillings in his
teeth, that the Space Aliens who Hide His Drugs are sending him their
secret messages by communicating with him through the new Electronic
Reality (TM) based on TV-DNA and InterNet-RNA.
  "The problem is not an overpopulation of *geese*, but an
overpopulation of *people*"
Excerpt from "Save The Tiger" (c) 1978 C.J. Parker:
  "As Jack Lemmon kicked in a contribution to help save a dying breed
similar to himself, I realized that the Tiger did OK for tens of
thousands of years, until man got in the way, so that the true solution
to saving the Tiger was to kill all of mankind.
  "So I wrote a group-participation song dedicated to spreading hate and
dissension amoung those listening to it, and the crowd participates, not
just by singing, but also by killing each other at the end of the song."
  It is blatantly obvious that the CyberLamers incapable of buying the
slightest clue as to the true nature of the forces set in motion at 9:02
a.m., 19 April, 1998, are reduced to intercepting the Messages From Mars
directed toward the Author's Digital Implant, and replacing them with
subliminal messages certain to lead her to the conclusion that, if
Freedom, Liberty and Privacy are becoming an endangered species, due to
their being attacked by the selfish needs of Innocent Children (TM),
then the answer to 'preserving' Freedom, Liberty and Privacy is to KILL
all of the Innocent Children.
  Thanks to the efforts of A DANGEROUSLY CRAZED VIOLENT PSYCHO KILLER TO
BE NAMED LATER, an Army of Dog, Cult of One veteran who risked bodily
harm in a night spent physically destroying most of his personal
property, even putting his head through the gyproc and pressed-glue
panelling of his home, the blood dripping from his chin onto his
keyboard, combined with the output of a million spilled Scotch and coke
   "The only way to preserve Freedom, Liberty and Privacy in the world
is to KILL THE CHILDREN!!! who are responsible for the attacks on the
Constitution which are designed to 'protect' the Innocent Children.
   "Since it is imperative to KILL them  all, and let Dog sort them
out,  in order to uphold the concept that it is better for ten guilty
children to die, than for one innnocent child to wrongly be allowed to
live, the only way to truly 'save' a child is, therefore, to destroy
that child's innocence.
  "Those who are hesitant to do everything possible to crush the human
spirit of innocent children until they strike out savagely by committing
crimes so horrifying that society will allow them to be tried as
'adults', or those who hesitate to make every effort to put an end to
childhood innocence by forcing the children to face Reality (TM),
instead of The Fairy Tale That Passes For History--Past, Present and
Future (TM), should remind themselves that, If It Saves The Life Of A
Single Child..."
  The Army of Dog, MeatSpace Division, experiment performed recently in
Jonesboro by two young Army of Dog Warriors, has proven successful in
moving the two out of the line of fire in the battle being waged over
the lives and souls of Innocent Children, and has placed them under the
protective mantle which ensures that those convicted of murder as adults
will live a long and healthy life during the appeals process.
  One wonderful aspect of the KILL THE CHILDREN!!! approach to
preserving Freedom, Liberty and Privacy is that it has the potential to
unite the government and the citizens together in a common cause to
remove the pressing need to Destroy the Constitution in order to Save
the Children.
  The children who died in the bombing of the Murrah Federal Building in
Oklahoma City certainly have no further need of 'protection' by taking
away the Constitutional rights of their parents. The children who died
in the slaughter of non-mainstream religion worshippers at Waco
certainly have no need of further 'protection' by taking away the
weapons the Constitution allows citizens to possess in order to defend
themselves against religious persecution and government oppression.
  Those who have an interest in the preservation of Freedom, Liberty and
Privacy should make every effort to support the efforts of the New World
Order to gain access to all communications on the face of the earth, as
well as placing video surveillance systems in all public and private
areas, so that both Innocent Children and UnIndicted Adults can be
proven beyond doubt to be Felons Under An Increasing Number Of Laws,
thus negating the need for their Constitutional Rights to be taken away
in order to 'protect' them from the Bad People (TM).
"When Innocence is Outlawed, Nobody will be Innocent."
~ A Platitude To Be Named Later
  Since it may prove impossible for Defenders of the Constitution to
encourage massive numbers of children to committ Adult Crimes, without
overwhelming the legal system, every effort should be made to destroy
the childhood innocence of as many children as possible by helping them
to break through the deadly facade of Offically Recognized Mainstream
Reality, and realize that their inherent birthright of Constitutional
Rights makes them terrorist criminals at war with their government.
  Children, unlike Adults, are still capable of recognizing that the
screams of the babies, as their voluntary-mandatory SSN is slapped on
their butts at birth, are a newborn's way of announcing to the whole
world that...

@_date: 1998-04-22 20:28:25
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Assume The Position, Escrhole! 
Lt.Carnal Karns, Antsin Mia Frantz, et al, are undoubtedly first class
TechnoWarriors and/or OhmResistance Fighters in the InfoWar being fought
on the new Electronic BattleGround. However, I can't help but wonder if even the most brilliant of technical solutions to potential BigBro tools
such as 'position escrow' are of any use, in the long run, if the majority
of society continues to unquestionably accept any form of unconstitutional
intrusion into their lives, as long as it comes in 'a pretty red box', or
is promoted by Michael Jordan as a 'must have' March To Battan model.
  I find it interesting that TechnoWarrior accomplishments such as the GSM
exloit seem to have more effect on the psyches of those concerned with the
'constitutional rights' of corporations and governments, rather than being of great concern to the average individual.
  I find it disconcerting that governments and corporations recognize the
dangers to their own position and power by an all-seeing BigBro, while
the Sheeple rush to take advantage of the latest in Digital Implants, in
order to take advantage of the 'convenience' and 'safety' that results
from having themselves, their children and their goldfish tracked and
monitored by governments and corporations from the moment of their birth
to the day of their last purchase at the '[YourNameHere] Tombstone Shop'.
  Perhaps what the Digital rEvolution needs is a Marketing Manager and a seat
on the NASDAQ.
  How does the 'Michael Jordan Remailer' sound? 'Nike Nukes', with a joint
advertising campaign with Samsonite and Timex?

@_date: 1998-04-28 15:58:47
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: Schneier on Smartcards and Holding Secrets 
LEA's in Montreal (?) just raided a place churning out a wide variety
of Lucky Green Freelance Socialist Smartcards (TM).
It seems that the Electronic Horatio Algers involved simply bought the
same type of equipment that banks,etc., use, and placed hidden cameras
in business areas where charge/debit cards were used.
The LEAs spoke about millions of dollars worth of fraud, but I don't
think they were including possible losses by secret government agencies
skimming private funds for black-bag jobs and illegal arms deals.
  The 'criminals' will probably turn out to be ex-employees of the
Oliver North Campaign Fund Drive.

@_date: 1998-04-28 15:57:07
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Re: LA DA's illegal wiretaps revealed ---LA Times 
The same thing occurs in my hometown of 10,000 people. When the
local cops get caught performing criminal actions, the city buys
their way out of a lawsuit, with a non-disclosure agreement being
signed, and the illegal activity continues, as before.
No one knows? Bullshit. Even the local barhounds know. Don't tell
me the judges and prosecuters are clueless.
There are criminals with guns and badges, and criminals without
guns and badges.
I am in favor of the government exercising their power to enforce
the death penalty. I am equally in favor of the individual citizen
doing the same.

@_date: 1998-04-29 15:03:06
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Army, Navy and Alt2600 Farce 
Anon-To: Pretty Lousy Privacy :: Subject: POP Secret Communication / Boil in oil after Reading!!!
COMING IN ON A WING AND DISPAIR  (29 April 1998)
        Pilots are leaving the Air Force like fleas jumping off a dead dog. If
this exodus in blue doesn't stop, there won't be anyone left to fly the
existing megabuck fleet of aircraft or the trillion dollar fleet of
space-age new fighters the Air Force wants for the 21st century.
        Without pilots it's going to be even harder to justify all these new silver bullets when a congressperson or two without bases or flying
machine plants back home comes asking, "Who needs these suckers when
missiles, robots, bugs and germs, and 16-year-old hackers will be the
weapons of the future?"
"That wasn't hacking, cracking and phreaking...that was 'unauthorized
military training'!"
~ Lou Tenant, Graham (Cracker) Johnny (DuneWadd) Buller (Shit)   AttackAdamMe of Computron Seances and Waste Drugsposal

@_date: 1998-04-29 17:59:32
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: The Epilogue That Never Was - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
The Epilogue That Never Was - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
Memoirs of a Visible Man:
  When you are 'different' from others--inherently, irrevocably, unarguably different--you either learn to remain, as much as possible, invisible, or you spend much of your life in various sorts of prisons, subject to various kinds of punishments.
  There have always been a few 'safe havens' for those guilty of the crime of being different from those around them, although, for the most part, they have historically tended to be 'dangerous' safe havens such as pirate or merchant ships, new world colonies, fringe religious or political movements. Those with wits, who didn't mind joining the ranks of the lower fringes of society, in return for ostensibly remaining within it, could become court jesters, actors, artists, and the like.
  With the advent of the Age of Electonics and the rise of Virtual Reality, those who are able to remain within society's outer boundaries by comically or entertainingly mirroring the parts of the human psyche and human emotions that society requires its 'regular' members to repress have become elite, well-paid artisians who are recognized as valuable professionals in the Age of Form Over Substance.
  For those in the lower strata of society who are unable to successfully graduate from Society's Finishing School--usually as a result of answering  "Fuck You, Shit For Brains" to questions where a "Yes Sir/Officer/YourHonor" answer is required--there are no longer many physical locations available where one can escape to , which results in the creation of an increasing number of them being labeled 'criminals' and banished to New World Order colonies consisting of six-foot cabins bounded by iron bars.
  Those in the higher strata of society who are unable or unwilling to live within the boundaries society requires of the masses often have the option of joining an elite group of criminal-actors who have sufficient firepower at their command to bully the others in society into recognizing their authority to disobey all of society's rules and act in their own self-interest while denying they are doing so by telling blatant and outrageous lies. (Those with a particular talent in this area sometimes reach the epitome of politics, in which the masses consider them to be every bit as 'real' as the 'people' on 'As The World Turns.' They are then free to do everything that Soap Opera actors do, with equal impunity from facing the real-life consequences that come from manslaughter, rape, robbery, marriage and drug-addiction--although they are still subject to the laws of physics when playing   In the Glory Days of Virtual Reality, before the ElectroMagnetic Curtain began descending around those lured away from InterNet Free Terra and into the Sticky World Wide Web of the InfoMercial Highway Robbers, there were a few true Rennaisance Criminal Genius Elite who recognized that they could settle down from a life on the run--in small prairie towns such as Bienfait, Saskatchewan--and still live wild and free, riding the Virtual Outlaw Trail through the Alt2600 BadLands, robbing DataBanks, engaging in drunken brawls in the CypherPunks CryptoSaloon, partying with Bound and Gagged Asian DanceHall UnderAge Girls being pimped by Adult Check, and having the rugged good looks of Robert Redford, in an ASCII Art kind of way.
  Once the Information Railway began being replaced by the Information Highway as a comfortable, convenient way for the masses to journey into what were formerly remote Electronic Wilderness Areas, the outlaws and free-stinkers who had formerly been able to remain, for  the most part, invisible to the programmed masses, yearning to keep other minds from being free, found themselves subject to the scrutiny of those who recognized that free-range cattle and penned sheep could not peacefully coexist in a merchant society where corporate mergers to create Company Towns, with Company Stores, would be jeopardized by small-time rustlers and fence-cutters.
  Thus there arose a need for ElectroMagnetic Law and Order, supported by the muddled assholes, struggling to be Freeh.
The Lost Train of Thought (Part I):
  ...uuuhhhhh...
The Runaway Train of Thought Is Melted Down To Build The WhatIf Server:
WhatIf: A ClueLess Canuck, turned into a MindBot by the Institute of  Applied Metaphysics in preparation for the Moscow Olympics, was culled from a Russian language class full of Canadian Mounties University of Regina by a Dark Continent TigerTeam agent and trained in Psychic Warfare?
WhatIf: A DoubleShinned Agent trained at the Psycho War Fair travelled to Africa with a Nuclear Physicist who was the youngest President at Oberlin College, and met with his TigerTeam controllers in a bar full of sailors from the U.S.S. Enterprise in the heart of Mombassa, as other members of his travelling group were engaged in a 'tour' of a US Navy WhatIf: A ClassLess Canuck highly trained in the Lack of Social Skills travelled to East Germany and Poland shortly after the Fall of the Wall, y'all, crossing the Polish border illegally to meet with members of the Little Nicky Telsa Fan Club at the same time that the ShakeSpearAtIan NukeKingLear PharmAssist (who got glowing reviews for the Polish translation of his work) was in Moscow, paying pipers and pimps to play the tunes called by his Muppet Pastors for the NuclearPowered Dancing Qu'est Que C'est: A Psychic Killer To  Be Named Later was apprehended fleeing Poland, but walked away a free MindBot before the InTerraGators arrived, after paying a seventy Mark Antony Fine to a 'confused' Polish border guard, and was then intercepted upon his arrival back in the United States by US Customs agents instructed to hold him for interrogation regarding his US passport with a Polish exit stamp, but no Polish visa or  entrance stamp, and then slipped away after the 'confused' agents merely confiscated his Black Forest Ham and released him, whereupon he quickly slipped off to a different airport to take a small plane to Nantucket to meet a female agent of  the Holy Roman Empire instructed to arrange for his transfer to a private yacht bound for a private compound of Nazi BusinessWar Criminals on a nearby island famous for their Celebrity Midnight Marathon Swim and Drunken Driving and Diving Festival?
WhatIf: A Dangerously Drunken Psychotic PissAnt Drug-Addicted Dumb-Ass Shit-Disturber To Be Maimed Later concocted some wild, unbelievable story to fuck with the mimes of the MimeFuckers, but all the details of his mad ramblings were already a verifiably true part of the SecretGuys' SecretGuyFiles, and even a cursory investigation would reveal even more conspiratorial concepts concerning his connection to a Forth Freudian Sufi Sect dedicated to Anti-NukeUnclear Publishing of Libertarian Mathematical GreenPeace OverGround GoreVillain Manuals designed to apply Laws of Form to a ChaosKult attack on the Fourth JavaCup Active-X-Files Implementation of A Disturbed CraptoLogical LISP MamboErs' Secret Agenda to Subvert Authority by making the Ship of Goverment list so far to the left that the Titanic balls of the Hermerphodite Aunt E. Christ are cut off as she slides over the rail, into the sea, emerging from the depths as Anne R. Christ who is Lucky enough to surface in time to hitch a ride on the Millenium Bug just before the Reptilian Nazi GermanAmericans circle the VolksWagons in a Two-Byte Double Donut formation to prepare for the attack of Naieve Americans with Wounded Knees whose Peyote Dreams predict that an Elvis whose Aim Is True will use Broken Arrows to cut off the Forked Tongues of the Serpentine Servants of Satan living in secret underground bunkers beneath both the AdamAntArctic and Mule Shoe, Texas, in the Land of the Freeh?
WhatIf: Incompetent Secret Agents To Be Framed Later gave up on purporting to properly protect National Security  in order to fail in their efforts to find a single innocent child to save from drugs dealers at the PROM, and, in their frustration at not being able to find the  Key which will connect them to the ClueServer, hit the  key instead, erasing the cleverly crafted composition of the Author, admitting an astounding array of in-depth illegal involvement in countless consciously conspiratorial causes aimed at the overthrow of OverLords oppressing opponents of Fucking FreehDumb Privacy Pirates purloining the Leftist Constitutional Rights of silly,  sufficiently subdued SheepIzens subverting their own Freedom, Liberty and Privacy, as well as their right to Free Rum, the USS Liberty and Piracy?
WhatIf: You slapped yourself on the forehead, mystified as to how the Author managed to once again sucker you into reading the mindless trash that is placed inside his skull by psychic garbage-pickers who step on his foot, lifting his toupee, and toss in the leftover thoughts that were pruned from the minds of the vegetables planted in the Home For The Criminally Insane too early in the year to avoid being cold-cocked by the FrostBack of Notre Dame, initiated in Wilcox, Saskatchewan, into a Circle of  Eunuchs Chapter of Eternity Cult known as the Hockey Hounds of Hell On Ice?
WhatIf: Jesus Saves, but Gretsky puts in the rebounds?
(c) 1999.9, ADualist Huxter (Part IV of 'The Whores Of Deception')

@_date: 1998-05-07 01:18:29
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Dog Log - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Dog Log - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE----- Eric Otot said: So lets get this straight:     You don't like a companies efforts to gather marketing
statistics on its customers but due to your own *sloth* you
not only continue to shop there but you also fill out the
forms for them to track every purchase that you make!     I am sorry but as hard as I try I can not generate the
least bit of sympathy for you. Sheeple are sheeple because
they act in the manner that you just outlined in your
message. Bitch, whine and moan that the store tracks what
brand of toilet paper they buy but if in exchange for $0.10
off 4 rolls and they will give up their entire life story.     Sheep get sheered because they don't know any better,
sheeple get sheered because they deserve it.  ----------------------------------------------
Tag-O-Matic: I use OS/2 2.0 and I don't care who knows! -----BEGIN PGP SIGNATURE----- Version: 2.6.3a-sha1 ZZZCharset: cp850 Comment: Registered_User_E-Secure_v1.1b1_ES000000 iQCVAwUBNUp/Ko9Co1n+aLhhAQHRpwP+OVypg6sRgZMAqW6NmaTexoqoRt4z3zxK lhQ6HGvmDMxIGqdS5vPPHw+kZPjtJbkxAWamoi6EtOccbv/3otl2bjuFPNBNMYD+ p7nMAhdZDk1zsgiiUhSzp3ZcREcFIy8Ybnu6u4xYf/wgueg26cW+JE8A5iyeJMOz 6dHT6oBT2IE= =u1mU -----END PGP SIGNATURE-----   God bless WillyG III!
  Eric Otot wrote a reply to WGII's caustic post which
gave a perfectly reasonable account of his preference for
picking which 'battles' were worth his while to engage in,
and which would be merely pissing in the wind of the
masses rushing by to save their dime for the GreyHound
  I chose to omit EricO's reply and spell-correct WGIII's,
in order to preserve the point made by his post, without
lessening the post's effect by letting it be obvious that
WG3 is an uneducated, redneck, barefoot hillbilly who has
no 'manors'...
  I did so for the simple reason that Eric Otot's perfectly
reasonable erudition of his postion on the imposition of
identity-tracking techonlogy, although being a perfectly
valid justification of the need for concentration of
resources, is a position that millions or billions of
perfectly reasonable people are capable of reasoning for
  Fuck 'reasonable'...
  Eric Cordian, a much wiser and more perceptive member of
the CypherPunks list than Eric Otot, though less easily
amused, elucidates one of the many reasons why it may
be unreasonable to remain reasonable in one's reasoning in
regard to what one must take under consideration when deciding the imortance, or lack thereof, of refusing to
submit to the increasing intrusion of technology into our
lives in return for what are often marginal benefits.
 For the time being.   However, that could change once all retail outlets are MarkOfTheBeast-Enabled. Infrastructure is infrastructure, after all.  --- Eric Michael Cordian 0+ O:.T:.O:. Mathematical Munitions Division "Do What Thou Wilt Shall Be The Whole Of The Law"   An interesting, widely unknown part of the Club Card
equation is that, even if an individual does not 'provide'
the vendor with the Mark of the Beast (SSN), those who
control the databases involved 'add' MotB/SSN information
from widely available 'lookup' sources.
  As well, the Corporate Beast seems to have learned a few
tricks from the Government Beast. Just as the government
takes your money as Federal Taxes and then uses it to 'buy'
the compromise of your 'State rights' under the guise of
matching federal funding, the corporations merely raise
their prices and then give the customer a 'rebate' in
return for registering for the Yellow Star Club Card.
  During my recent Soft Target Tour of Tucson, I used my
base-player's Safeway Club Card, but I always made a point
of going to the adjoining Walgreen's first, to get those
things on my list which they sold, before going to Safeway.
I cannot recall a single item which I bought at Walgreen's
which was not a higher price at Safeway, unless one used
the Club Card, whereupon it 'magically' became exactly the
same price as the item was at Walgreen's.
  When shopping for myself, I refuse to play the 'Savings
Club' game, for the same reason I don't sell my butt behind
the GreyHound Bus Station for a paltry sum of money.
  Instead, I spend a few more dollars paying the inflated
prices, and I leave a few expensive cuts of the store's meat products in a location where they won't be found for
a few days.
  In essence, I pay more as a result of the Sheeple's actions, and they pay more as a result of mine.
  Tim May, a 34th Generation May Son and a licentious
proctologist, has turned his multiple personality affliction
into an overall benefit to the quality of his life by
singlehandedly creating and maintaining all of the various
personas that make up the CypherPunks list subscriber
membership, maintaining the list archives, singlehandedly
inventing all CypherPunks technologies under his 'Tim May'
persona, and keeping his remaining personas in line by
referring them to the 'archives' every time the subordinate
personas try to take credit for legendary CypherPunk
concepts such as 'sliced bread' and the 'wheel'.
  Despite being the only real subscriber to the CypherPunks
list, he manages to not only singlehandedly run all of the
Bay Area CypherPunks Physical Meetings, but also to put into
practice the MeatSpace manifestations of the concepts he
espouses, by methods such as discussed in the following:
 Did you miss the discussion of the Kalifornia Solution? At physical meetings and parties we _exchange member cards_ randomly. A persona hit upon this after I was showing my "Safeway" (a major Kalifornia-based chain in 46 of the 57Semi-Autonomous Republics) and describing how we can execute a Chaumian exchange. As the cards are just cards, with no photo and no obvious I.D. attached, such exchanges are easy. But of the cards I have, all are filled out illegibly or have been traded multiple times. Identity entropy is an interesting concept. --Tim May "The tree of liberty must be watered periodically with the
blood of tyrants...." ---------:---------:---------:---------:---------:---------:---------:---- Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money, ComSec 3DES:   408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms, zero W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information markets, Licensed Ontologist              | black markets, collapse of governments.   Federal US Marshall Clow, famous as the LEA who finally brought the Blues Brothers to Justice and Ray Charles to
Blind Justice, suggests that Identity Entropy Warriors
use the addresses of the the secret lairs of the Circle
of Eunuchs and the Army of Dog in filling out all forms,
so that the UCE/Spams they so dearly love can be forwarded
to them after InfoWar has driven them underground.
Try or	70 Brookline Dr.; Boston MA    (Fenway Park)

@_date: 1998-05-08 17:24:23
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Dialogue - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!! 
Dialogue - SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!
WAS: BASIC TRUTHS!
Everyone Has A Photographic Memory...Some Don't Have Film:
  I've got film...
  Pretty Harry, a MarijuanIzen of Garberville, Humbolt County, California, was a man who paid close attention to the vagarities of life that comprised his MeatSpace environment.
  I was sitting with him in 'The Cellar', a local bar, one night, when an effeminate young gentleman from the BigCity came in, sat at a table in the middle of the bar, and ordered a drink. Every RedNeck in the bar cast derisive looks in the young gentleman's direction
in order to impress upon him that they could do one-armed push-ups, were sexually excited only by women, and didn't cotton to young gentlemen with full, red lips drinking in 'their' bar, in 'their' town...
  Pretty Harry gave everyone time to get in a threatening scowl, or two, and then go back to minding their own business, forgetting about the effeminate young gentleman, and he then proceeded to walk over, grab the youth by the hair, tilt back his head, and proceed to give him a wet, sloppy kiss, with plenty of 'tongue'.    Since Pretty Harry was an established member of the local social scene, those who observed the event merely barfed into their beers and continued whatever they were doing at the time, pretending that they hadn't really seen what they had really seen.
  This event confirmed what I had already suspected...Pretty Harry was a cool dude.
  Pretty Harry sat and talked with me for about twenty minutes, just long enough for those present to bury the memory of what had occurred, and then proceeded to walk over to the young gentleman's table and repeat the action which was so delightfully delicious to the effeminate young man from the BigCity, and so disgustingly depraved to the Local Yokels who could do one-armed push-ups, and were sexually excited only by women.
  This is when I realized that Pretty Harry was WayCool (TM)...
  My point is this...
  Pretty Harry, having proven his deep understanding of the Tao of Life, given his ability to throw a Serious Fuck (TM) into the normal progression of MeatSpace Reality, was astute enough to tell me, "I've noticed that when you come into the bars in town, you sit quietly in the corner, and watch what is going on around you. You know more about 'us' than 'we' do..."
  There's the Watchers...there's those Watching the Watchers...there's those Watching
the Watchers Watching the Watchers...
A Day Without Sunshine Is Like...Night:
  One thing that you will notice if you have the retained the ability to 'watch' what is happening around you in your MeatSpace environment, is that, no matter how comforting the platitudes and 'wise sayings' that society-at-large attempts to program into your subconsious, A Day Without Freedom Is Like...Slavery.
  If you do not understand what I am attempting to explain by the above, then it must be because I am a drug-dealing, terrorist pedophile.
Diplomacy Is Saying "Nice Doggy!"...Until You Find A Rock:
  At the end of a song titled, "I've Been Up So Long, I Can't Get Down," on C.J. Parker's "Please! Stop Me Before I Sing Again" album, the extremely paraniod singer-songwriter says, "When you can't see THEM, you know THEY're being sly..."
  Since the confiscation of my computers, I have not seen a single, solitary police car during any of my trips to town. Today, however, after threatening the lives of every police officer upon the face of the earth during a conversation with my father over my 'telleveryonephone', I drove to town and could go nowhere without seeing armed police officers glaring at me from the safety of their officially marked vehicles.
  The dumb bastards haven't figured out that if they want to shut me up, they're going to have to use 'the rock'.
Change Is Inevitable...Except From A Vending Machine:
  When Micro$not was the only game in town, calling their customer support numbers resulted only in a recorded message saying, "When is the last time a vending machine gave you back your money when you banged on it? Fuck Off!"
  Once Pepsi has signed an exclusive contract with your local high-school, your children will be subject to felony criminal charges if they bang on a vending machine that has stolen their money.
Back Up My Hard Drive? How Do I Put It In Reverse?:
  "Never look back...something might be gaining on you."
~ That Nigger Who Could Strike Out Batters While Pitching From Second   Satchel Paige! That's his name...
  He could strike me out in the batter's box at Yankee Stadium while pitching from second base at CommuninSki Park.
  I have grown used to losing the MeatSpace records of my life, loves and perceptive realities every time that I get mugged by desperate criminals or by self-righteous law enforcement agents enforcing what they imagine to be the laws that Hitler would put in place if he hadn't had to flee to the AdamAntArctic in order to have his body frozen until such time that the Nazi scientists welcomed with open arms by the CIA after World War II could perfect the CryptOgenics technologies that have their roots in the SuperMan Not Wearing Tights theologies of Nazi   I don't look back...
  When Canadian Customs and the RCMP steal the digital record of my life, loves and perceptive realities, I look 'forward' to their funerals, in the Time-Space Continuum in which SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS so that the murderous slaughter of everyone who has ever crossed my path can be justified as a valid Weight Loss Program which allows one to eat anything they want, as long as they burn off the calories in a murderous frenzy.
I Just Got Lost In Thought...It Was Unfamiliar Territory:
  ...uuhhh......never mind...
Seen It All, Done It All...Can't Remeber Most Of It:
  Space Aliens Hide My Drugs!
Those Who Live By The Sword Get Shot By Those Who Don't::
  Grass-roots activism and $ .50 will get you a cup of coffee in a greasy spoon.
  Canadians who peacefully protest against murderous dictators coming to Canada to participate in an Economic Summit will learn that "Money Rubs Pepper Spray In Your Eyes And Bullshit Rules!" [WAS: "Money Talks And Bullshit Walks!"]
I Feel Like I'm Diagonally Parked In A Parallel Universe:
  I bet if I used a truck-bomb to destroy an enclave of grunt-workers involved in the murder of men, women and children who hold uncoventional religious views, I would be called a monster for individually emulating the actions of the collective.
You Have A Right To Remain Silent! Anything You Say Will Be Misquoted, And Then Used Against You:
   The proper quotation of your statements will be released to the public after having been sealed under the guise of National Security for 50 years, at which time it will have little chance of counterbalancing a half a century of FUD programming the masses to believe that [Your Name Here] acted alone, using a Magic Bullet that officially refutes the laws of Newtonian Physics, but which is unlikely to result in your being awarded a Nobel Prize.
Nothing Is Foolproof To A Sufficiently Talented Fool:
  This Basic Truth (TM) is the foundation to all amendments to the US Constitution, all interpretations of the Holy Word of [Your (G)(g)od's Name Here], decisions made by a hand-picked jury of the judge and the prosecutor's peers, and really good bar-pick-up lines delivered while rubbing one's private parts and drooling.
All My Lies Are True...And Everything I Do, I Really Am:
  "Ask not who your country can Nuke for you...ask who you can Nuke for your country."
~ Timothy C. McKennedy, President of Samsonite Peripherals, Inc.
  While the Mayonnaise Mountain Man keeps himself busy attempting to limit the ultimate effect of the digital emissions he fires toward the InterNet--which ricochet into the minds of innocent bystanders--by ranting against the ludicrousness of engaging in 'Magical Thinking', some of those taking a direct hit to the head by his XXX Magnum Diatribes Against Established Lunacy manage to catch the HeavyLoad BulletIns with their teeth, and spit them out in a parallel dimension where a lighter atmosphere allows the citizens to wear lighter loafers with crystals where the pennies should be, and propel the conceptual spirit of the electronic missives of An Aider And Abettor Of A Terrorist Nuclear Strike To Be Named Later through electronic goalposts which are far-distant from MileHigh Electronic Stadium.
  Thus it is that Circle of Eunuchs Initiates, FrostBack Division, can use a John Candy movie to implant in the minds of the Sheeple the subliminal suggestion that they can take a personal hand in writing the history of Biosemiotic Evolution within the boundaries of the segment of the Time-Space Continuum they inhabit, and get to fuck the living shit out of Gena Davis.
  Thus it is that Circle of Eunuchs Initiate, Army of Dog Gorrilla, Son of MicroGomez can confidently proclaim Peter Jennings to be a Circle of Eunuchs Initiate, FrostBack Division, and not be in the least surprised when 'Epilogue 7.3 Rev. 1.7' of 'SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS' rails mightily against the hypocritical ludicrousness of those sworn to 'Protect and Serve' the citizenry responding to the actions of a single dangerous driver by adding a dozen LEA dangerous drivers to the equation, and less than a week later Peter Jennings, made manifest as a Circle of Eunuchs Initiate by the simple act of declaring it to be so, slams an exclaimation mark down to provide an addendum to 'Epilogue 7.3 Rev. 1.7' by inserting a piece into 'Word News Tonight' which pointed out that:
  ~ One-third of those who die in high-speed police chases are 'innocent  ~ 1,000 people a year die in high-speed police chases in California.
 ~ 5,300 people died last year in high-speed police chases in America.
 ~ State laws make it virtually impossible to sue LEAs in order to force
    them to face the consequences of their decisions and actions in the     manner that is required of other citizens in 'criminal' as well as in 'civil'
    court.
The Truth, The Whole Truth, And Nothing But The Truth:
  During the WaterGate debacle, I was listening to a Saskatoon radio station on which a 'political expert' from Washington, DC, give his opinion of the moral and legal issues surrounding the affair and the role which President Nixon played in it. During the call-in question/opinion period, I phoned the radio station and proffered the opinion that, "If Nixon knew about the affair, then he is a criminal, and if he *didn't* know about the affair, then he is incompetent, given the fact that the crimes were committed by those in power as a direct result of his administrative decisions and choices."
  A few days later I was listening to a mainstream media news broadcast in which the news anchor announced that the 'current view' of 'Washington insiders' was that Nixon was either incompetent, or a criminal. The wording made it plain that the 'current view' of 'Washington insiders' was the direct result of an inastute political neophyte from ButtFuck, NoWhere, inadvertantly stumbling upon a Basic Truth (TM) which was relevant to the situation--namely, "The Buck Stops   Not..."The Devil made me do it!"
  Not..."I was betrayed/tricked by those I trusted!"
  Not..."It was the result of the Messages From Mars that I received through              the fillings in my teeth..."
  "The Buck Stops Here!"
  I knew that, you knew that, and everyone ensconced in the Halls of Power who were involved in putting a particular politically-motivated spin on the WaterGate affair knew that. Nobody holding a well-paying job, with medical and dental benefits, wanted to rock the boat and risk changing 'the way things are'. Nobody satisfied with the level of welfare benefits they were receiving wanted to rock the boat and risk changing 'the way things are'. There were few who refrained from recognizing and stating the obvious out of ignorance--most of us/them did so as a result of being 'bought off' by our current position in life nudging us toward accepting THE LIE in order not to put our established and manageable world-view at risk of tumbling down around us as the result of a violent assault by THE TRUTH.
  The comfort and safety of a world-view paridigm which was willing to accept mutually agreed-upon lies, in order to prevent the boat being rocked and subject to swamping, was ripped apart by the voice of a TruthMonger, Deep Throat Division, crying in the wilderness, to those who had 'ears to hear'.
  My sister was predestined to move to NewAge, California, take a Sufi name, purchase a mountain of crystals and become a feminist, anti-nuclear, yogurt-eating guru dedicated to the promotion of color-therapy as the answer to all of humankind's ills.
  The only reason that Charles Manson chose to have his followers slaughter Sharon Tate's Baby, instead of my sister, was because she was honest enough to admit, during the height of the Vietnam War Craze, that the young men of America were being sent to their deaths in order for her to enjoy the benefits of refridgeration which were denied to the peasants in Third World countries.
  "G.I. Joe died for Standard Oil's sins..."
  ~ A Communist Sympathizer To Be Named Later
  "The King has no clothes!"
  This is the message of the InterNet...
  "KNixon Knew!"
  This is the message of the InterNet...
  "A thousand points of light, censored by the New World Order!"
  This is the message of the InterNet...
  "If the dangerous, high-speed police chase is being video-taped from a helicopter following every move of the 'escaping' vehicle, then why is it necessary for the police cars to use flashing lights, sirens and the threat of armed violence to exacerbate and add to the bad judgments being exhibited by someone who has little or no chance of eluding "Three air-units." (Verbatim quote from 'World's Scariest Police Chases' which is sexually exciting me, even as we speak.)"
  This is the message of the InterNet...
  When is the last time the subject of government regulation came up in a business meeting and, when your opinion was solicited, you stated, "We have reached a point where it is morally acceptable to kill the bastards, but it is not yet feasible to do so."?
  When is the last time you passed this gem of wisdom from Vin Suprynowicz (Vin ThePolishKike to Zen Racists) along to fellow Netizens who did not hold the power to immediately affect your life for better or  worse by deciding whether or not you would continue to receive a   This is the message of the InterNet...
  My WebSite was murdered by Sympatico without warning or explaination, as a result of Armed Thugs I had offended violating my inherent right to speak the Truth as I perceive it. My computers and those of my relatives were confiscated without any warning or explaination, as a result of Armed Thugs violating my right to speak the Truth as I perceive it.
  The 'Official RCMP Hate Page' now resides in a hidden file on dozens of Canadian government computers, thanks to the efforts of a CypherPunks list member who is willing to defend my right to free speech regardless of the fact that he has contracted a hit-man to murder me for forging posts to the list in his name which made him look like a fucking idiot.
   This is the message of the InterNet...
The Truth, The Half-Truth, And Nothing Remotely Resembling The Truth:
  'The Amazing Randi' (?) is a magician who has gone to great effort to expose Uri Geller and debunk his claims of using psychic powers to accomplish what magicians can replicate through sleight-of-hand.
  Did 'The Babe' *call* his legendary home-run shot by pointing to the location he was planning to bury it, or was it a 'lucky' stretch of his muscles before stepping into the batter's box?
  I would be the first to admit that a strong case could be made for viewing the 'hard evidence' I point to as proof of the validity of my rambling, insane conspiracy theories, as being the result of the selective presentation of Reality-Bytes filtered through sieves designed to present 'chaff' as a real substance not dependent on the existence of an imaginary 'wheat' substance whose existence is promoted by underground Reptilian
Nazis hell-bent on world domination.
  I would also be the first to admit that 'coincidence' could account for Peter Jennings seemingly fullfilling in MeatSpace his Virtually-Assigned role as a Circle of Eunuchs Initiate member by providing the hard facts and figures substantiating the views espoused by 'Epilogue 7.3 Rev. 1.7' of 'SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!'
Not to mention the fact that 'coincidence' could explain the fact that a single reference to 'Thelma & Louise' at the end of the same Epilogue was followed by references to the movie in dozens of disparate TV shows over the next few days (including an episode of '48 Hours' which showed excerpts from 'Thelma & Louise" as I was typing this very paragraph...).
  The fact of the matter is, however, that a lifetime of separating 'coincidence' from 'synchronicity'--through a process of objective evaluation of mathematical probability--has led me to believe that this: not yet been given the right to vote.
  Likewise, it is ludicrous to live in a universe in which it is a recognized scientific fact that the emissions of a cellular phone can affect a radio telescope a hundred kilometers distant, while disallowing the possibility that the emissions of a human mind, heart or spirit can register on a similarly designed biotechnological receptor in local or global proximity to the source of the emissions.
  It is equally ludicrous to fail to recognize that physically manifested and disseminated symbols representing the results of human thoughts, emotions and concepts will have an effect that is every bit as observable and predictable as laws of physics concerning inertia, impetus, velocity, acceleration and direction, etc.
  If a decade of scientific investigation into the mechanisms by which pigeons find their way home proves to be inconclusive, the pigeons will still manage to find their way home. If humans find themselves incapable of returning to the place they were born without having a birth-certificate and a roadmap, salmon are unlikely to abandon their natural ability to do so by virtue of a process which could be viewed as 'Magical Thinking' by those incapable of reducing the process to a solveable MeatSpace equation.
  NewAge 'Magical Thinking' is nothing more nor less than an esoteric extension of 'The Power of Positive Thinking' paridigm which is the foundation of all subsequent self-help, goal-oriented individual accomplishment and corporate management systems which recognize that an inspirational thought that results in a single step toward Mecca is more effective than a thousand corporate meetings discussing the feasibility or futility of putting a journey to Mecca on the agenda of the next shareholder's meeting.
How To Get Even Without Breaking The Law / Sweet Revenge:
  I have been fucked a thousand times by the arbitrary, capricious decisions and actions of a variety of officially recognized Authoritarian Sivil Servants who didn't like my looks, my attitude, or my breath. I have also avoided being fucked several thousand times by 'shaping' my answers to their questions in a manner designed to misdirect their peckers as they tried to stick them in my butt.
  When the Canadian Customs & Immigration shit hit the fan, and I was forced to appear before an official Board of Inquiry convened to decide whether or not I could be denied entry into the country of my youth, I found myself forced to abandon all logic and reason, and trust in th Tao to protect me as I resorted to telling the  Truth (TM).
  In the face of damning evidence of my slick, conniving manipulation of rules, regulations and laws through the use of Damnable Lies!!!, I explained my theory of Variable Speed
Truth (TM) to the Board of Inquiry (although I attributed it to Albert Einstein, in order to give it more credibility).
  I explained that, as a Border Child, I had grown up in an environment which enabled me to understand that 'Rules Is Rules...' is an extremely flexible maxim which can be interpreted by an individual Canadian Customs & Immigration OffalSir to mean that, even though you have been dating his daughter for several years and have been invited over to dinner numerous times, that he can legally deny you entry into the country and make you drive fifty miles to enter through another Customs Port if you fail to have three hundred and forty-two pieces of picture ID, particularly if you kept his daughter out past curfew the previous   I also explained a variety of situations in which I had crossed the US/Canadian border more than once on the same day, and claimed residence in different countries, because I knew what each border guard wanted to hear in order to make my passage proceed more smoothly, as opposed to making my life a living hell for no apparent reason other than their own misunderstanding of the laws of the country.
    Although I would be the last to downplay the successful result of my appeal as being partly the result of the members of the Board of Inquiry being decent people who had retained a small part of their soul while serving the Great Beast, I fully recognize that the outcome might have been completely different if I had failed to properly play my part in the Grand Play by hanging my head in shame as my extremely expensive legal counsel pointed out to the Board of Inquiry what a sorry, pathetic loser I was, and how the only real options in this case would be to forgive my trespasses, or take me to the pound and have me put down like the poor, sick, mangy dog that I am.
  My point is that, regardless of the letter or spirit of the existing laws, it is up to each individual to interpret them in a manner consistent with their own best judgement, and to live with the consequences of what they truly believe to be 'right action', no matter what judgements or punishments may result from people with larger weaponry taking the opposite view.
  Of course, I would be foolish to pass judgement upon those who recognize the wisdom in grovelling, snivelling, and hanging one's head in shame, if it appears to be the path that will allow one to live to fight again another day...kind of like faking a limp on the way back to the huddle, in order to break for the Big Score.
An Exercise For The Reader:
  I can no longer remember just where this rambling, semi-coherent missive was evenutally designed to end up, but I think it has something to do with the fact that my unsubtly veiled threats against those with False Smiles (TM) has resulted in the glue-sniffing progeny of A Wagon-Burner Named Earlier having had the flimsyl, fabricated assault on his Charter Rights abandoned by the dropping of all trumped-up charges against him.
  However, this has come at the expense of my being called down to local Gestapo Headquarters to receive paperwork indicating that I can expect to go to eventually go to prison for at least four years as a result of Baby's transgression of the 'Dog At Large' bylaws of the Town of Bienfait, Saskatchewan.
  Silly me...my drunken, drug-induced paranoia would have me believe that much of my current troubles stem from the fact that I am in the midst of preparing a legal defense for a Wagon-Burner whose continuing persecution by Dudley DoWrong and John Law was one of the subjects addressed in "The Official RCMP Hate Page" chapter of 'SPACE ALIENS HIDE MY DRUGS!!!', and who is being persecuted by the same Queen's Court Bench prosecutor whose ass I used to wipe the floors of the Halls of InJustice and then bragged about it to (G)(g)od And Everybody in a public forum on the InterNet.
  Anyway, figure out just what point I am trying to make here, consider it made, and hit the  key at your own convenience...

@_date: 1998-05-08 18:45:17
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: I Can't Help Myself... 
!OB Crypto:
  I crossed the US border today to make a beer run, and a US Customs
officer who has known me for decades took the time and trouble to
'roust' me, as per the instructions of his superiors.
  The last words out of his mouth were a question to which he has long
known the answer: "Where were you born?"
  I was born in Liberal, Kansas.
  Could it possibly be that this fairly decent individual, who has
never done me serious dirt, even when it would have resulted in career advancement, is a Secret SypherPunk delivering a cryptic message
that could be translated as, "Toto...I don't think you're in Kansas,

@_date: 1998-05-08 18:45:21
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Refutation of 'Magical Thinking' 
I decided to do an objective experiment to prove or disprove the validity of 'Magical Thinking'.
I shut my eyes and concentrated on psychically willing my TV to provide
me with an indisputably meaningful message relevant to my life.
I turned on the TV, to a random channel, just in time to see/hear Dorothy and the ScareCrow singing, "If I Only Had A Brain."
Conclusion: Magical Thinking is BullShit!

@_date: 1998-05-12 11:54:30
@_author: Toto 
@_subject: Clinton's NWO 
Clinton just had to announce Global Law while I was reading:
I suspect Clinton's speech in regard to nations co-operating in making their citizens subject to deportation to face charges in
foreign countries was designed to keep me from fleeing my 'Dog At Large' charges in Bienfait.
Seiing as how the Queen's Gestapo was wearing Keblar when they
upped the ante for charge to four years in prison, I guess I must
be a desperate ASCII character.
