
@_date: 1993-09-21 21:13:17
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Source code 
I would be interested in taking a look at the source for the
          encryption program you mentioned in your post. Thanks. I
          would also be interested in your paper on the subject.
          Jeff
          trestrab

@_date: 1993-09-30 08:11:53
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Availability of ACM papers on Net ? 
Are any of Chaum's papers on untraceable mail and digital cash
available on the Net?  Advise and thanks.
          Jeff

@_date: 1993-10-04 19:29:07
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: "Reason" mag.article on PK Crypto 
The Nov 93 "Reason" magazine has a five page article on Public Key
Crypto written by Lee Dembart, who "is a longtime journalist,
science writer, and editorial writer at The New York Times and the LA
Times who has written extensively about computers, mathematics,
and public policy. He recently graduated from Stanford Law School."
I don't have time to type the whole article in and don't have a
scanner, so I'll quote a few paragraphs to give you a taste of his
presentation, which I found very good.
          Given the multiplicitity of current and potentail uses
          for cryptography, it's not surprising that the Clinton
          administration provoked a storm of protest last spring
          when it proposed a standard set of computer codes for
          telephone calls and computer data. The plan envisions
          two chips, one called Clipper, for encoding digital
          telephone signals, and another called Capstone, for digital
          information from computers. The government would hold
          the keys to all electronic encryption, and it would split
          them between tow agencies chosen by the attorney general.
          Law-enforcement officials would need a search warrant to
          get access to the codes. Eric Hughes, a computer security
          expert in Berkeley, CA, observes: "The government is
          saying, ' If you want to lock something up, you have to
          [give us] the key.'"
          An editorial in "Communications Week" observed: "This
          isn't the first time that the government has proposed an
          authoritarian scheme that goes after a few people's
          crimes while stomping on the majority's civil liberties."
          It is technically illegal to take out of the US versions of
          some very popular computer programs - including the Norton
          Utilities, for example. But these efforts have proved
          largely ineffectual. You can buy a disk containing a good
          public-key cryptosystem in software stores in Moscow.
          Here again, the problem is that it is all but impossible
          to restrict the flow of knowledge. In the era of the
          Internet, barring people from physically taking information
          out of the country is no bar at all. Digitized data moves
          freely by satellite. And when it doesn't, it is virtually
          impossible to prevent anyone from walking into a software
          store in the US, buying encrypted software on a floppy disk,
          and then putting it into a suitcase.
          Rumors abound that the NSA has built a trap door into the
          Clipper chip that would enable it to read any messages, with
          or without a court order. It's hard to say whether this is
          a legitimate concern. But it's a second example of the
          government saying, "Trust us." Many people would rather
          use public-key cryptography, which does not require them to
          trust anybody or to decide whether the government is
          trustworthy.
          Ultimately, it's unlikely the government can prevent the
          spread of information and knowledge, regardless of what it
          decides to do. Washington can force government contractors
          to sue the CLipper chip and not use any other encryption
          scheme. But as a practical matter, it cannot prevent
          individuals from using whatever encryption scheme they want.
          For those who want the strongest encryption possible, RSA
          public-key cryptography is the system of choice. For
          better or worse, the genie is out of the bottle.
Please excuse the typos, I was in a hurry.
          Jeff

@_date: 1993-10-15 10:52:09
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Novell Leads Assault on Clipper Encryption Standard 
(taken from Nov '93 Computer Shopper, page 109)
          The Clinton administration's effort to establish a new
          encryption standard for the coming data superhighway has
          drawn a firestorm of criticism - with Novell the lead
          flamethrower.
          Joined by AT&T, Computer Associates, Citicorp, Hughes
          Aircraft, Motorola, and other major corporations, Novell
          argues that Clipper - intended to protect both government
          and private-sector data communications - was designed from
          the start as an easy nut to crack.
          Specifically, these companies suspect that Clipper's
          creators (the National Security Agency and the National
          Institute of Standards and Technology) made the encryption
          system child's play for government agencies to decrypt. True
          or not, Novell and its allies are adamently opposed to
          Clipper's adoption by corporate America.
          [3 paragraphs concerning Novell's NetWare ellided]
          What is clear, though, is that Clipper will be hardpressed
          to succeed in the private sector with such influential
          opponents.
If this article truly represents opposition to Clipper, and not just
jockeying for position to be included on the "inside", then Clipper is
in far bigger trouble than the Cypherpunks can make for it: MONEY
          Jeff

@_date: 1993-10-30 10:23:29
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Has anyone seen "Applied Cryptography" yet ? 
If anyone has seen Bruce Schneir's new book, "Applied Cryptography",
please post a short review to the list so that others can know whether
to special order it. Thanks.
          Jeff

@_date: 1993-11-10 15:33:26
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Re: Wired 1.6 is not yet publically available 
"Wired" 1.6 was on the newstands in West. Michigan today.
          Jeff

@_date: 1993-11-28 20:05:56
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: "Reason" mag. article on public key crypto 
About a month ago, I posted a small extract from an article entitled
"Hide and Peek" by Lee Dembart. I came across the complete text of
the article while looking for something else at gopher.internet.com.
If you're interested in this piece, e-mail me and I'll send you a
copy. (a note for Extropian list members - I nosent the piece to
the list, and have provided a pointer to the message number so you can
retrieve it.)
          Jeff
          trestrab
          trestrail

@_date: 1993-12-02 09:48:36
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Re: EFF Op-Ed from the NY Tim 
Indeed. My account at Delphi costs $20/ month for the first 20 hours
and $1.80/hr thereafter (plus $3/mo surcharge for Internet access
other than e-mail). The total cost is not signifigantly more than
the cost of the daily paper (yet its far more informative...).
There is a $9/hr charge for access 6am-7pm, though, so I use my
wife's account to read this and other lists (and you probably thought
I was psuedospoofing :-))
          Jeff

@_date: 1993-12-04 21:33:08
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Re: Pablo and NSA 
Under any circumstances of what the NSA may or may not be
          able to do regarding breaking PGP, your traffic is certainly
          no worse off than sending it in the clear, and most likely
          quite a bit better off.
          Jeff
          trestrab

@_date: 1993-12-12 15:27:23
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Writable CD-ROMS as one-time pads 
Is there anything inherently superior about CD-ROMs as a one-time
pad ? The size differential vis a vis Bernouli drive cartridges,
floptical disk drives, or just plain old floppy disks is kind of a
mixed blessing, and still doesn't answer the major question with
one-time pads - secure dissemination.
          Jeff

@_date: 1994-01-18 09:03:44
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Re: PGP posting validation 
The list software that Ray Cromwell wrote for the Extropians list
does all these things.
Users can exclude [user|thread] and receive a regular ( I think
daily) list of filtered msgs. Users can also set their own mode
of receiving the list (reflected or digest), and can temporarily
unsubscribe by excluding all. About the only intervention needed
by list management is for subscribes and permanent unsubscribes,
other than general maintenance.
The list also has a security feature that when turned on only accepts
posts from addresses previously authenticated as belonging to list
members. This can still be spoofed, but at much greater difficulty
than LD has had to expend heretofore.
          Jeff
          trestrab

@_date: 1994-01-23 21:08:29
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Remailers: The Next Generation 
Tim May writes concerning the need for "new and improved" cypherpunk
remailers: ( His comments in " " or after > )                                                                                                      Requests for remailing would be accompanied with some form of digi-cash           token, with the amount equalling (number of hops requested X price per
        'stamp'). The remailers would keep the token that came with the message,         and substitute one equalling # stamps -1 that would be digitally signed
        by it. This new token would be passed down the line, with each         remailer keeping the tokens that come in and substituting their own. The         tokens that are kept would be sent to a central remailer clearinghouse
        which would settle accounts. (See * at bottom of msg for
        further details on the clearinghouse.)
       I really don't know how best to accomplish this, either.
       I'm not sure that we can achieve an 'ideal Chaumian digital mix' of messages        at this time, but I have a few ideas on how  we can improve on what
       is presently in place. Instead of padding individual messages  to                                           improve diffusion, batch several messages  together to reach some        'standard' remailer msg length of n bytes, and then encrypt  the batch        with the next remailer's public key. Noone looking at the message as it
       leaves the remailer will be able to determine what # of msgs are in the batch,        or  which particular msgs are present (assuming they don't possess the        private key of the remailer to which the batch is being forwarded).        The individual msgs in a batch could be seperated with some standard        remailer command, e.g.
                :: Cut here ------------
        When the batch arrived at the next remailer, it would be decrypted and the         Individual msgs seperated and placed in the remailing queue.
        Latency could be set by the customer with a command such as:
                  :: Hops = x, Final = Remailer Z  [ where x =1-9, and Z = either the         remailer address or some alias that could be looked up in a table.
        'Final' would be used in place of the nested encryption used now, so that the
         msg sender would only have to encrypt the final destination of his msg once.
         The # of Hops would be decremented by one as they were processed by          each remailer.
         Remailers would send a msg to any other remailer randomly, except when
         Hops = 1, and would then forward the msg to Remailer Z.
         So I envision a typical msg looking like this:
                    a.  The instructions for # of hops and final remailer hop
                    b.  The instructions for final destination.
                    c.  The msg itself.
                    c would be encrypted as the sender chooses, and then b + c would
                    be encrypted using the public key of remailer Z ( Z to be chosen by                     the sender of the msg). a  would be in the clear, or a+ b+ c could be
                    encrypted with the public key of the first hop in the remailer chain.
                     Of course, all of this ( a, b, and c ) could be done in the clear, but                      that would place your msg is jeopardy at each and every hop of                      being intercepted and read. That might be acceptable to some                      users, though its not very robust.
          Messages would be batched into groups by taking first m number of msgs
           whose lengths add up to the standard length n. Diffusion could be           increased by shuffling the queue as each message entered the remailer.           Latency and diffusion could be increased by inserting "null" msgs into the           mix.  A few months ago Eric Hughes mentioned that Hal Finney was           forwarding list msgs encrypted to some unkwon number of persons. If he is           still doing this, these msgs could be inserted into the mix by remailing each           msg to _one_  of the remailers in a random fashion. These msgs could
          contain a command such as
                    :: Hops = {1-9}; Final = Dev.Null
          They would be remailed within the remailer loop until Hops = 0, when they
          would be sent to the bit bucket, having served their purpose.             The important part of this is that the policies of individual remailers should             be clear on this point, so that individuals can choose the initial and             final remailers if  that policy is a concern to them. As Tim says:
" Sites which log but say they _don't_ is of course the real issue in the long
run....I'll save this interesting topic for another article, maybe. Just be
aware that this kind of "collusion" (not exactly, but this is what the
literature calls related behaviors) is not easily solved with existing
remailers.) "
           No particular expertise here. I'll this to those that do.
            I think it will work better if the routes are chosen randomly by the remailers
            ( except for final hop, see above ), as this process is more "user friendly".
            "Pinging" could be centralised into one clearinghouse  (*see below), which
             handled settling of postage accounts between remailers.
            Needed, but to be decided upon. If noone else volunteers, I am willing to
            host a  moderated Cypherpunks sub-list whose topic would be limited to
            remailers. Moderated, because I don't have the facilities to run an             automated mail reflector and so that the signal to noise ratio is kept high
            enough that contributors don't drop out due to Detweiler or other
            noise sources.
             I think that diversified sources of info for "consumers" of remailers is a
             "good thing", but there should be a centralised clearinghouse which would
             concern itself solely with reconciling postage accounts and with "pinging"
              the remailer net at regular intervals and sending out msgs to remailers to
             avoid sending packets to sites which are not responding in an appropriate
             amount of time. ( "Appropriate" to de determined .)
 "I also think we also need "virtual sites" which are themselves               only accessible by remailers."  I agree.               "Other names for these sites might be "sacrificial sites" or "digital               cutouts" "  This can be accomplished now using the commercial site               America On Line (AOL), which permits its customers to have a half-
              dozen or so distinct sign-on names per account. So you could run a site
              called "Remailer_17" (with apologies to Wm Holden) which received               msgs to be remailed. These msgs could be downloaded, processed, and                then uploaded through a different name entirely, "Fnord_OMF" or                whatever. Unless the                monitored  _all_ possible alias accounts, they would not be able to do               traffic analysis on the remailer network.
                I'll leave discussion of this to those with greater knowledge of hacking
                and/or cracking than myself.
* CLEARINGHOUSE
                 The clearinghouse would not be accessible to users of remailers, but
                  would be internal to the remailer network and handle accounting and
                  "pinging" of remailers.                   Accounting example:
                          I send a msg to remailer A, requesting # Hops = 3 and Final =
                          remailer C. I enclose at the top of the msg digi-cash equalling
                          the cost of three "stamps". ( One stamp for each hop.) Remailer
                          A keeps the original digi-cash token, and substitutes one signed
                          by it equalling two stamps. The msg is remailed to remailer B,
                          which keeps the token supplied by remailer A and substitutes
                          one signed by it equalling one stamp; remailer B notices that
                          the # Hops now = 1, so it remails the msg in a packet to remailer
                          C. Remailer C keeps B's token, and sustitutes nothing since
                           this is the final hop for this particular msg. It then decrypts the
                          msg and follows the remailing instructions encrypted in the
                           "envelope".
                          At the end of some accounting period ( day, week, month,
                          depending on number of msgs passing through the system )
                          all remailers would forward their accumulated tokens to the
                          clearinghouse, which would credit their accounts with the
                          tokens received and debit them for the tokens sent out.  The
                          bookkeeping would get fucked up by lost transmissions, so
                          that would have to be addressed at some point to ensure that
                          remailers didn't just bit bucket incoming msgs and keep their
                          stamps.
                           The clearinghouse would also "ping" the remailers in the network
                           at regular intervals and issue "route around" commands to
                           the remailers if one or more sites didn't respond in a timely
                           fashion.
Thats all for now.

@_date: 1994-01-26 07:17:10
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Free US Patent Searches! [REPOST] 
I received this message this morning and thought that some on the list
might be interested in taking advantage of the service in order to
get crypto patent info.
          Jeff
          trestrab
           [ This is a repost -- the first attempt apparently did
          not make it out of my site correctly.  Sorry if you see this
          more than once.  Anyway, I thought that the people reading
          the groups this is being posted to would be interested in
          this info.  If you have questions, please send them to
          spo_info not to me.  Feel free to repost this
          anyplace appropriate.  --chx ]
Free US Patent Searches!
Electronic Data Systems' Shadow Patent Office (SPO) is offering the Internet community free electronic mail-based patent search
services until 5:00 pm CST, January 28th.  Keyword and manual
searches are now obsolete.  With the EDS SPO technology, patent
research is now based on the concepts and ideas expressed.  The purpose of providing free searches is to determine the interest in such a service within the Internet community, identify
any performance bottlenecks not identified in our simulation
testing, and to obtain feedback from the Internet community.
The SPO database contains US full-text patents from 1972 to the present.   SPO utilizes the EDS-designed, high performance MAYA Concept Search Engine.   SPO is dedicating 16 of the 32 MAYA CPUs and 20 Gigabytes of RAM for the test.  The 1.7 million patents contain 80 gigabytes of textual data.  MAYA is used to determine the 100 closest patents from the 1.7 million patents in the SPO database.   To obtain a search, simply address an Internet mail message to
spo_net_test  SPO is offering Internet users access to two types of searches:  subject search and infringement search.  MORE INFORMATION
For more information on constructing searches and to see sample
search reports, you may access SPO's help document by addressing
an Internet mail message to spo_net_test  In the mail
text simply type the word help.  A help and sample file will be
returned to you.   If you would like to send us your comments and/or suggestions,
please send a mail message to spo_info
The information obtained from this free trial will play a
significant role in finalizing the product to be offered to the
Internet community.  A second free trial is to be scheduled after
incorporating your suggestions.
During this testing period, the response time will depend on the
amount of activity on the system.  Based on the volume of usage
during this testing period, EDS SPO will adjust the number of
computers available to produce replies in a timely manner.

@_date: 1994-04-20 07:50:26
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Driver's License info 
Michigan DLs have a Poloroid photo in the lower left corner and are
laminated in plastic embossed on the front with the state seal.
          Jeff
          trestrab

@_date: 1994-04-20 07:50:29
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Musings 
The PO delivers mail whether or not it has a return address, let alone
whether it has a _correct_ return address, so I suspect that Mr.
Templeton's lawyer would have to be very creative indeed to pass that
analogy by anyone who isn't asleep at the wheel. I think his thinly
veiled warnings re: remailer operator legal liability are an attempt
to intimidate, as it can get expensive to defend yourself even from
a very weak claim ....... just ask Phil Zimmerman.
          Jeff
          trestrab

@_date: 1994-04-20 07:50:35
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Side question on money laundering... 
The most likely use of the Internet for gambling is for bookmaking,
not casino games. Encryption and untraceable digital cash will allow
even those "in [an] isolated little backwater of South Louisiana"
to compete for biz with the books in Lost Wages, NV and the larger
cities. The only real barrier to entry will be capital sufficient to
render the risk of ruin insignificant; thats not a _small_ barrier,
          Jeff
          trestrab

@_date: 1994-04-20 07:50:46
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Re: Remailer Musings 
DBAs (doing business as) registrations are "legal psuedonyms",
although they don't have any bearing on the discussion at hand.
(Just a FYI.)
          Jeff
          trestrab

@_date: 1994-04-20 13:33:48
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Re: Press Release on Secure NCSA Mosiac 
Unless there exists a sufficiently large set of consumers who prefer
to spend their money with companies who forego turning their trans-
actions into marketing data, you're probably right.
          Jeff
          trestrab

@_date: 1994-05-05 07:57:14
@_author: BETH TRESTRAIL 
@_subject: Re:The Value of Money 
The US$ was devalued from $35 to $38 /oz gold and the Treasury stopped
redeeming dollars from anyone other than central banks in '69.
This created a two tier market. The US devalued again in '70 (0r '71)
to $45 /oz, and then threw in the towel and stopped backing the
currency with anything other than "the full faith and credit of the
US government" [:)].
US citizens were permitted to own gold bullion again as of Jan '75,
under Ford.
          Jeff
          trestrab
