
@_date: 1992-10-06 17:44:27
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Nuts & Acorns 
In the future I imagine several companies that seel public keys for
individuals.  Depending on how much risk of forgery you can tolerate,
you just buy an individuals public key from several of these
companies.  Then they must all collude to fool you.

@_date: 1992-10-12 15:09:10
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: The subject of Saturday's game 
Excellent message.  I agree with your points about drugs.  I also like
the organization topics you suggest for the game.  On the victory conditions.  Right now, the game is declared over as
soon as any party accomplishes their objective.  This creates the
incentive to prevent other people from accomplishing their objective,
even if it would help me accomplish mine.  The use of topics like the above gives clearer victory conditions:
One side or the other wins, even though that side only loosely
includes any particular participant in the game (an informer wins if
either his nominal side wins without his duplicity being revealed, or
if the opposition wins).
A plausible generic form of victory condition is for one 'side' to
succesfully transact some secure exchange, or for the other 'side' to
successfully break such a secure transaction.  I don't know how to
allow decoys with this model of victory.  Hmmm...

@_date: 1992-10-12 21:57:42
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: drugs and simulation games. Really on thinking about it, I believe that the trade of ideas is always far more repressed than the trade in any kind of stuff. 
We definitely should have physical goods because the interface between
an information world (in which privacy and anonymity can be completely
protected) is where much of the complexity lies in managing things
like cryptographic money.

@_date: 1992-10-23 14:46:09
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Keystone  "A provider of communications services cannot be held liable for the consequences of encrypted communications that pass though its system." 
The Compuserver decision some months ago supported this indirectly:
Compuserver was held not liable for mail and postings on their system,
because they don't claim to read them.  I don't beleive Compuserve is
a common carrier, so the precedence supports the result you want.

@_date: 1992-10-23 14:48:24
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Call for papers 
Call for Papers
 "Technological Strategies for Protecting Intellectual Property             in the Networked Multimedia Environment"
          Cambridge, Massachusetts, February 3-5, 1993
                          sponsored by:
               Coalition for Networked Information
               Information Infrastructure Project
Science, Technology and Public Policy Program, Harvard University
               Interactive Multimedia Association
        Program on Digital Open High Resolution Systems,
              Massachusetts Institute of Technology
This workshop will map the territory between security issues and the need for practical, user-friendly systems for marketing information resources and services.  It will survey the technological landscape, evaluate the potential benefits and risks of different mechanisms, define a research agenda, and frame related implementation and policy issues.  The workshop will give special attention to how and where within the overall infrastructure different technologies are best implemented.  It will present and analyze models for explaining protection systems and strategies.
Papers are invited on the foregoing and on the capabilities and relationship of the following technologies and strategies:
     -- billing servers      -- type of service identifiers, header descriptors, and           other forms of labeling and tagging      -- fingerprinting
     -- digital signatures
     -- contracting mechanisms and EDI licensing of intellectual           property      -- copy protection and serial copy management
     -- authentication servers and site licensing
     -- software envelopes      -- encryption      -- display-only systems
     -- concurrent use limitations      -- structured charging
     -- technology assessment and risk analysis The workshop will be held at MIT and Harvard on February 3-5, 1993.  Participation at the two-day event would be limited to 35-
40 invitees, but the papers will be revised for publication as part of Information Infrastructure Project's publication program.
Abstracts of proposed papers should be sent to: Thomas Lee
Cambridge, MA 02139
Fax: 617-253-7326 or 617-253-7140
The global Internet offers the beginning of a networked, multifunctional, multimedia environment for both resource-sharing and marketing information products and services.  Although underlying technologies may change, the applications and practices developed now are shaping the universal broadband infrastructure of the future.  However, concern for copyright protection remains a major impediment to private investment in information resources and services.  Owners of information resources are fearful of releasing proprietary information to an environment which appears lacking in security and has no accepted means of accounting for use and copying.  Complex library systems may be designed and developed around nonproprietary information, but until there are mechanisms to accommodate proprietary information, the utility of the systems will remain limited by the nature of the material made available.  Information technology enables the vision of a distributed, interoperating multimedia environment in which information from a universe of different sources can be combined and recombined to meet specific user needs.  Ironically, the vision is threatened by the absence of systematic controls.  Mindful of this problem, Congress directed that the National Research and Education Network (the follow-on to the federally funded portion of the Internet) --      (1) be developed and deployed with the computer,      telecommunications, and information industries....
     (5) be designed and operated so as to ensure the      continued application of laws that provide network and      information resources security measures, including      those that protect copyright and other intellectual      property rights....
     (6) have accounting mechanisms which allow users or      groups of users to be charged for their usage of      copyrighted materials available over the Network....      [15 USC 5512(c)]
The Act also requires the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy to report to Congress by the anniversary of the Act (i.e., December 9, 1992) on "how to protect the copyrights of material distributed over the Network...." [15 USC 5512(g)(5)]
Despite this statutory language, federal agencies have yet to address these issues.  Many believe that the protection of intellectual property on the NREN as on any network is a private sector problem which needs to be addressed at an applications level, not within the design of the network.  Indeed, these intellectual property problems are not new; to a large extent, they represent traditional copyright problems which have been exacerbated by electronic technology, digitization of information, personal computers, and less advanced forms of networking.  But the prospect of pervasive, high-bandwidth, interconnected wide-area networks presents the problems in the most complete context.
There is a tension between the goals of protection, on the one hand, and interoperation and usability, on the other, that has defeated technological solutions in the past.  ADAPSO's proposed hardware lock failed to gain industry acceptance, and software copy protection has been abandoned except in certain high-value niche markets.  The microcomputer software industry has come to rely on the threat of lawsuits in the vulnerable corporate environment as a means of copyright enforcement.  Nonetheless, a hardware-secured environment incorporating serial copy management has been mandated (as an amendment to the Copyright Act) for the next generation of digital audio technology.
In the emerging environment, the conventional distinction between products and services breaks down.  Products are networked, and network-accessible services are linked to products.  Rights must be acquired to cover all forms of delivery, because multiple delivery paths are likely and the dominant technologies and markets cannot be predicted with confidence.  On the other hand, the control and security offered by different technologies may also determine the choice of distribution paths.  For these reasons, the workshop will look at the networked multimedia environment as a whole, from mass-market products to specialized

@_date: 1992-10-23 14:42:19
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: BBS E-mail policy Now see if this number is in one of the following ranges: 
Where does uuencoded [compressed] binary lie?  I would suspect it lies
right around where encrypted text is.  Presumably straight encrypted
text is statistically random [7..8], but that when you8 encrypt to
just the ascii subset is when you lose the entropy.

@_date: 1992-10-23 14:41:59
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: multiple message destinations 
Mail typically wants to get sent to multiple receivers, all with
different private keys.  I vaguely recall that the way PGP works is it
generates a symetric cypher key and encrypts the message with that,
then encrypts the generated key with the public key of the intended
receiver.   Is that how it works?
Given that, it should be straightforward (and maybe it already does)
encrypt the generated key with several public keys so you get one
package that can be unsealed by any of several different receivers.
Are there other ways to handle sending to multiple receivers?

@_date: 1992-10-24 02:31:19
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: multiple message destinations 
Doies the scheme I suggested (and I'm sure is not original) work?
Using all the various private keys to encrypt a single cypher key that
the rest of the message is encrypted with?

@_date: 1992-11-12 01:25:29
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: (fwd) A Silver Bullet to Limit Crypto? 
I think I agree with it completely.  It is also very well written.  Is
there a well written summary and response such as this that could be
more widely distributed electronically?

@_date: 1992-11-16 18:19:20
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: The legality of PGP 
Also, every day they don't enforce the patent is silent reinforcement
to the view that their patent is illegitamate (in that it covers a
mathematical algorithm).  I doubt this has legal standing other than
as material to try to convince juries with.

@_date: 1992-11-24 19:03:37
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Hackers, Crackers We always used to distinguish hackers from crackers. But cracking reveals the cracks in a way that nothing else does.   It makes them real, sometimes laughably or painfully so. Electronic privacy is currently a joke.  It's bad. You need to know what kinds of attacks you're trying to defend against. I used to think those arguments were rationalizations.   Now I'm glad there are people who know this stuff, who are actually doing it. Some of "them" are on what I think of as the good side, and "we" need that kind of knowledge, if only as an occasional splash of cold water, a spur (to switch metaphorical, er, horses in mid, um, stream). 
And if I shoot you or poison you, I will have vividly revealed to you
your pathetic lack of physical defenses.  Will I have done you a
service?  How about if I just break your windows or doors?
That rationalization for crackers is based on the idea that perfect
security is feasible.  Once you view this from an economic
perspective, then the only things the crackers do is raise the
cost of getting to a level of security such that operation can
continue uninterrupted.
BTW:  I happen to believe that within a trusted infrastructure,
perfect security is possible.  Even so, consider the cost of changing
operating systems, retraining all staff, reproducing familiar
applications on a new substrate.  Even if perfect security is
possible, the use of it is still bounded by economic and social
BTW:  feel free to forward to extropians.

@_date: 1992-11-24 19:03:37
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Remailer ideas 
The mail handling stuff we discussed at the last cypherpunks meeting
will implement what you requested.  The particular thing that hadn't
occurred to me in what you said is that a mailing list supplier could
provide those extra services of anonymity in a way very accessible to
users of the mailing list.  That could make such anonymity slightly
easier to spread.

@_date: 1992-11-25 22:23:39
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: An easy-to-reply anonymous mail scheme 
The only solution (and I think I mean ONLY) is positive filtering.
When pseudonyms proliferate, the only way to cut down on trash is by
filtering based on reputation.  Since negative reputation can be
avoided simply by creating another pseudonym, the only reputation that
will make a difference is positive reputation:  credibility.  An example system would be one in which I give credibility and
transitive credibility ratings to all the names whose posts I want to
see.  The transitive part lets me discover new people (who know
people I respect who know people they respect...).  Then anyone
credible can introduce someone else around simply by deciding to read
their mail (assuming their taste is good enough that people want to
read what they're reading).
This grows in several directions: AI, reputation services (magazines),
etc.  A public system with pseudonyms will require this very quickly.
Reputation systems only work if things are digitally signed, of course
(so readers and filters can't be spoofed).
I will be talking about this more at the next cypherpunks meeting.

@_date: 1992-11-25 22:38:29
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Electronic Banking 
Currencies will almost certainly have to be backed by goods in order
to be astablished.  Would you want to keep your money in something
that could collapse easily?  There's been a lot of thought put into
using things like mutual fund shares as the currency.

@_date: 1992-11-28 13:48:31
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: PGP on a multiuser system 
It is possible to get security on a multiuser system (there are at
least B3 rated systems out there), you just can't currently get them
with Windows or Mac interfaces :-)

@_date: 1992-11-28 14:20:26
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: reputation 
Even in the simple system I described, there's probably sufficient
feedback to discourage that.  If the identity you went to so much
trouble to promote turns out to be a bozo, then the original identity
loses credibility as a source of recommendation.
Further, the positive recommendations aren't just for filtering,
they're also for sorting.  By spreading the credibility of the first
identity out over 250 others, those 250 identities just don't carry
much weight when my mailer is ordering messages for me to read.  If
reputation is a conserved capital, for instance, they together carry
only as much weight as the first identity that recommended them.

@_date: 1992-11-28 14:48:27
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: credibility & pseudonyms With digital signatures a dozen secretaries could run a hundred or more pseudoagents, build a solid reputation for each over years. 
Real credibility has to be tied to assets.  The credibility is
equivalent to the amount of assets at risk.  In a positive reputation
system, the asset is reputation capital, it is the respect granted by
others.  It embodied in the settings of their sorters that order your
messages before those of other people.
In the farther-out world of nanotech with duplicate bodies and
backups, having a body at risk is worthless because bodies would be
cheap :-)
If the operators of an escrow service are anonymous, then either their
accessible assets had better be enough that you can recover losses if
they walk with your goods, or their opportunity cost of defecting on
their clients had better be high enough (in terms of lost revenue,
lost opportunity on outstanding customer goodwill, name recognition,
channels, etc.) that they are sufficiently unlikely to that you will
take the risk.  Scary prospect, and one which many people will
estimate wrongly, so the simplest strategy would be to only use escrow
companies with an accessible person responsible for them.

@_date: 1992-11-28 14:48:26
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: security on a multiuser system > 	 You get the picture. There is no security on a multiuser system. >  > It is possible to get security on a multiuser system (there are at > least B3 rated systems out there), 
You can inspect the design, the code, the installation, and probablyu
even the administration of the system.  That would typically be
economically infeasible, however, so to reduce your expense, you'll
have to trust someone (preferably someone who stands to lose a lot if
they defect).

@_date: 1992-11-30 10:03:02
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Secure key exchange I have to echo Phil's comments here. One of the things that might be worth a few minutes is for this group to hash out (pun intended) a set of guidelines for "when it's o.k. to sign a key". I have been 
An excellent suggestion.  Can you start writing such a thing? (This is
not a facetious request).  I imagine there will be two or three
strategies for approving a key, and if we write them up well, we will
be able to ask people which protocol they have engaged in:
1) Only people I know personally and whose keys I receive in person.
n) Any key received throuhg any medium.
This could have lots of educational value.

@_date: 1992-11-30 11:15:21
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: credibility and banking It seems to me that there are many parallels between this state of affairs and that which prevailed in the American West of the 1800s, with respect to banking .... there were no agencies insuring deposits, and only the rep- -utation of the bank's president - usually a leader of the community - was guarantee upon the funds. Bank robberies were not uncommon, depositors were 
Our mechanisms for estimating credibility of a guarantor partly assume
that life can be made difficult for the guarantor if they renege.
Those intuitions are often completely wrong if the guarantor is
anonymous.  That's the main point of what I was saying.
My understanding of the history of banking is that there are ZERO
documented cases of runs on banks before the gov't started mucking
with the banking industry.  They started that mucking based on some
economists projection that such a run could happen, so the gov't had
to protect the pipul from it.
It also has strong arguments for free banking, which is consequence of
cryptographic electronic banking.

@_date: 1992-11-30 15:20:39
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: cypherpunks mailing list structure 
I would note that even the current remailers can double as
mail-sorters to sort your crypto mail into different bins.  This lets
you just peruse them once a day, and keeps your higher priority mail
separate.  I like this solution because more people will then have
built-in remailers.  Right now it only is set up for UNIX, but the
ideas can be reproduced elsewhere.

@_date: 1992-12-01 00:40:47
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: thoughts on digital cash 
For important claims like that, the value added is that other people
putting in voluntary effort to produce things spend it in places that
better satisfy your desires.  It certainly is an indirect reward,

@_date: 1992-12-02 13:16:58
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Help with the contents of the Cypherpunks Mail Archive 
Other topics for the FAQ:
crypto for authentication
economics of privacy/security
what's in a reputation
digital cash
verifying keys

@_date: 1992-12-11 10:10:54
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Questions about US/Canadian Laws about public encryption 
This worls in theory, but practice can be much more confusing.  For
instance, the warrant used to invade Steve Jackson Games was sealed,
so they couldn't see what was being looked for.  If you face a Grand
Jury, then you can't take the 5th (thus drug crimes are being pursued
by Grand Juries).  Etc.  I'm not prophesying gloom and doom (at least
not here :-), merely pointing out that what makes sense, what seems
ethical, what the theory of the law says, and what the practice of
the law says are all different, and it's quite easy to be wrong.

@_date: 1992-12-13 15:48:50
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Electronic P.O.Boxes 
The new remailers will support pseudonymous return addresses, but
they're not ready yet.

@_date: 1992-12-17 17:40:08
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: abusing the system? 
You will be happy to know that solving that problem will be extremely
important (probably even in the short term).  We need a positive
reputation system (kill files filter against negative reputations) so
that you only see mail messages by people who have a reputation for
valuable postings.
I rambled about this topic at the last cypherpunks meeting.  I will be
posting my notes in an effort to get feedback and organizational help
from the people on the list (it will be a few days, however).
The content will eventually be organized into something that I hope
will spread.

@_date: 1992-12-18 17:35:03
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: reputations talk notes 
These are the notes from my talk at the last meeting.  They may only be parsable by people who saw the talk, but I'm interested in all comments.
Thanks to Mark Miller and Eric Drexler who helped me put
together these notes the first time.
The need for reputations:
Spreading reputations makes them better at encouraging cooperation
Uses of reputations:
Negative reputations:
Positive reputations:
Reputations systems for sorting mail are less of an issues than
reputations systems for actual business because there is less at risk.
Gaming of a reputation system depends on how much is at risk.
Brilliant Pennies: randomly generated reputations
Assets that support an identity
Reputation Float:

@_date: 1992-12-18 17:35:04
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: reputations 
Since I have a reputation for talking about reputations....
You are already engaged in a positive reputation system.  Which email
lists are you on?  Which newsGroups do you bother with?  what TV shows
do you watch?  New instances of all of these pop up and succeed all
the time.
Negative reputation systems work very poorly.  Right now I receive
cypherpunks.  I used to receive Extropians (and will do so again
soon).  The volume can get horrific at times.  Consider all the stuff
that I'm not receiving (that I filtered out).  I don't see
sci.nanotech, sci.crypt, alt.pgp (?), libernet, alt.politics,
alt.sex.bondage, etc. because I haven't the bandwidth.
Ah, but if I could pick and choose among the entire available feed
rather than ignoring most of it just so I have a hope of filtering
down to a manageable mail load....
That's what positive filters are for.  There are lots of gems buried
in the crap of net-news (and remember that my gems may be your crap),
and I want a system that will find them for me.
I think the approach of reputation filtered mailing lists is a bad
one.  That reputation filtering process is simply a poor mechanism to
avail us all of the moderator's taste in email.  If we had a better
mechanism, then such a list is just alt.extropy or sci.crypt where
things are prioritized (using the positive prioritixing information of
such people who would otherwise be moderators) such that I see the
good stuff and ignore the bozoz (whomever they are).  Or in the more
likely case, I just see the creme de la creme of the good stuff
because that's all I have time for.
In such a system, one can think of a magazine as simply purchasing the
editor's priority information.
Paul Baclace built a genetic algorithm thing that would present
netnews from all groups in prioritized order.  As you gave it feedback
on how glad you were to receive each message, it didi pattern matching
on features of the messages to make better sorters.  This ends up
correlating author (anonymous or otherwise), subjet, topic, reply
chain, time of day, whatever seems relevant into the prioritization of
mail.  If those weight could be spread, combined with manually entered
filters ("I'm tired of politics..."), etc. you might actually be able
to spend less time on email/news getting more value from it.

@_date: 1993-01-02 19:57:51
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: remailer architecture (and signatures) 
First a brief description of the new (read not-yet-available) remailer
architecture, then what's this means to signatures, etc.
The new remailer design comes from the realization that mail systems
are missing configurability on both sides of message delivery:  when
you receive mail, and when you send it.  Most of the 'remailer' is
just the infrastructure to allow programmatic modification to messages
in those two phases of delivery.  With this infrastructure, remailers
are trivial to construct.
There will be an Incoming Mail Rewriting Agent (IMRA) and on Outgoing
Mail Rewriting Agent.  The behavior of these agents is specified by
production/rewrite rules (match a pattern and take corresponding
action, possibly recurring) on the mail message they are processing.
The incoming agent is much like the existing framework for remailers.
It is invoked through .forward and handles mail before it gets to yout
mailbox.  The outgoing agent is invoked when you send mail to do any
rewriting necessary then (such as encryption, signture, etc.).
Note that .signature handling is a grody hack in existing mail systems
that directly implements a rather uninteresting piece of outgoing mail
rewriting (I had fun writing that :-).  It should just be junked for
the more general scheme, which can support real crypto signatures (and
.sig files, of course) for pseudonyms, outgoing encryption, automatic
remailer routing (a header: 'Hops: 3' that would route the mail
through 3 remailers to the eventual destination), etc.
It of course won't be junked immediately, but the default behavior of
remailers should certainly not be to strip anything that looks like
sigs.  Can we guarantee that all the tools that produce ascii
encodings like uuencode will never produce the trivial pattern that
the remailers thinks means 'signature.'  For example, hypertalk
comments start with '--', just like signatures.

@_date: 1993-01-09 23:56:14
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Politics of Rmailers 
I can imagine it, but none exist.  This is mostly because the From:
field is supplied by the mailer and satisfies that requirement,
whereas requiring things in teh body of the mail message goes against
the grain of how the systems are used.
Are there other reasons to use a remailer besides anonymity?  I can't
think of any, so that solves the sympathy problem.  If a remailer
operator conspires to reveal who you are that's a different issue, and
is solved (or reduced a lot) by using a chain of remailers.  Then
*all* of the remailers have to be compromised to reveal that
connection from source to destination.

@_date: 1993-01-09 23:56:11
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Politics of Rmailers 
I can imagine it, but none exist.  This is mostly because the From:
field is supplied by the mailer and satisfies that requirement,
whereas requiring things in teh body of the mail message goes against
the grain of how the systems are used.
Are there other reasons to use a remailer besides anonymity?  I can't
think of any, so that solves the sympathy problem.  If a remailer
operator conspires to reveal who you are that's a different issue, and
is solved (or reduced a lot) by using a chain of remailers.  Then
*all* of the remailers have to be compromised to reveal that
connection from source to destination.

@_date: 1993-01-10 22:30:18
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Politics of Rmailers 
Yes.  Absolutes are almost always wrong.  I've never encountered such
a system, however.
There are lots of mailers that add the X-Organization: field, or some such.
Now now.  No need to be too sarcastic.  :-)

@_date: 1993-01-10 22:30:05
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: both stripping and not 
With even current remailer architectures, it's trivial to simply have
different services for normal remailing (which leaves body intact) and
stripping services that grundge the message arbitrarily.
When we really want anonymity, for instance, we will need message
rewriting services that break the correlation between authors and
writing style.  A friend of mine looked into that material and claims
that such analysis can do a depressingly good job at figuring out what
messages were written byt he same author, even if the author tries to
stilt his style.

@_date: 1993-01-15 11:35:19
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: random remailers 
Has anyone thought about the consequence of randomly picking a
remailing path instead of using the same one?  It occurred to me
yesterday that randomly picked paths could reveal more information to
the remailer sites so that they could figure out the connection
between a pseudonym and the eventual destination pretty well.  It's
just an intuition at this point, though.

@_date: 1993-01-21 09:21:13
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Communications Policy 
The service of anonymous remailing is separate from the the guaranteed
anonymity of a remailers that don't keep logs.  You'll note that the
remailing aspects can be observed externally, whereas guaranteeing
that logs are not being kept is extremely hard.  One remailer operator
I know keeps logs because you have to assume that everyone keeps logs,
and try to be secure anyway.  You can be sure that the NSA remailers
will keep logs :-)
The right thing to do is run a remailer of your own, and send
everything encrypted through remailers, etc.

@_date: 1993-01-21 09:56:24
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: PGP on BBS 
What would the two systems be cooperating about?  I'm not sure to what
you are pointing.
I of course map these suggestions into Joule (the language I'm
developing).  Does that resemble what you're thinking of?

@_date: 1993-01-27 00:50:22
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Computerized OTP (was 5th AMENDMENT & DECRYPTION) 
Note that in practice, the length of a string of 1's or 0' is
irrelevant:  The chance of a string of length N being all the same is
O(2^N), so becomes unlikely for reasonably short strings of bits (1 in
1024 for 10 bits), and virtually impossible for interesting sizes of N
(1 in 4 billion for 32 bits).  This doesn't even strike as being worht
the effort of figuring out how badly the OTP is compromised by
shortening such runs.
Remember how badly our intuitions are on things like security.
Believe the numbers, not your gut feel.

@_date: 1993-01-29 13:25:39
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Remailer abuse? 
Set up your remailer under an account named remailer so that you don't
get such responses.  Also, perhaps prepend to outgoing messages a note
to the effect that they have been forwarded by you and that you know
nothing of the contents.

@_date: 1993-02-03 17:33:30
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: [markets!uunet!starr.com!alta: How to e-mail the White House] 
Hi Folks,
provided by President Clinton.  If you feel you have something to  send them a letter.  I heard they will reply to most messages.
 From: 75300.3115 (The White House)
          As you know, this is the first time in history that the
White House has been connected to the public through electronic mail.
We welcome your comments and suggestions for ways to improve your
Public Access E-mail program.
      Jock Gill
      Electronic Publishing
      Public Access E-mail
      The White House
      Washington, D.C.
      75300.3115
      CLINTON PZ on America Online
------- End of Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-02-04 11:33:45
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: How to e-mail the White House 
Thanks for the thanks, but I just forwarded it.  I don't know who
originated the message.  Afterward I noted that the chatty part of the
message sounded like I had written it.  We can appropriately give
thansk to a now anonymous source :-)

@_date: 1993-03-02 00:58:40
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
I would like to separate the issues of hollering anything at 4am in
residential areas from things like libel and slander.  Disturbing
people with your volume independent of its content is like blasting
white noise at damaging volume levels.  The remedies for it have
nothing to do with speech, they have to do with disturbing the peace;
your sound is crossing onto my property at intolerable levels.

@_date: 1993-03-02 00:58:41
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi hacking The next revision of the remailer will have something like 
BTW I think this is just the right thing.  Excellent idea!

@_date: 1993-03-03 01:31:20
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: more ideas on anonymity 
The perspective you propose is an easy way of orienting people towards
positive reputations.  If people consider an unestablished anonymous
source as similar to a drunk on the street staggerring up to them,
then sources start out with little positive reputation.
For some things, anonymity is sufficiently valuable that its use
doesn't discredit the source: crime tip-offs, inside corruption
revealing, etc.  In many of those cases, however, the source would
need to establish their validity, which ties them back into the
positive reputation game: an insider could reveal information that
proves their inside knowledge, an informer could establish a long-term
anonymous reputation, etc.  In the case of the informer, police might
still respond to random tips, but not with the same alacrity (yeah
right) with which they respond to tips from established informers.

@_date: 1993-03-03 01:31:28
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
I like this.  Does it make sense (and has it already been talked
about?) to preserve the return information only for a limited time?

@_date: 1993-03-03 01:29:32
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: implementing positive reputation systems 
The scheme I always think of when envisioning positive reputation
systems is that I get the feed of everything I might be interested in,
then sort and filter using whatever cleverness I desire.  Occasionally
(perhaps regularly) I exchange message with various people so that we
can update our transitive reputation information.
Eric Hughes and the recent discussion about volume problems got me
thinking about how to implement positive reputations at server sites.
I want a system in which the semantics are similar to the ideal
scenario above, but lower overhead in bandwidth and in processing
power for the receiver.  I suspect that the mailing list server would
provide filtering, and the receiver would provide sorting.
This will let us create mailing lists with anonymous participants
without letting them overwhelm the list.  It controls volume, etc.
Anyone with ideas, please send them to me (or the list) and I'll
collect them and post them.

@_date: 1993-03-03 01:29:30
@_author: E. Dean Tribble 
@_subject: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
People often mistake being a wet blanket and finding lots of
objections to thing with 'being realistic'.  Is that what you are
doing?  Otherwise, given how much work I see people doing to both
spread the ideas and to build tools, I can't imagine to what you are
referring.  People are building and deploying remailers, integrating
crypto stuff into mail programs, testing anonymity, writing
publilcations on teh subject, successfully suing government
organizations for privacy violations, working towards positive
reputation systems, etc.  Pretty damn good for people's spare time.
And certainly plenty 'realistic'.  Discussion of visions and long term
goals might qualify, but the grandiose visions we indulge in drive the
day-to-day improvements we make on the technology and ideas about
privacy that are available.
I must have missed that message.  I looks like a munging together of
lots of separate things that are in the works, and that will integrate
in some reasonable way.  As I put together my thoughts for an answer
here, I realized that my summary of what's going on would better fit
in a separate message.  I'll send that later.
It would only be believed by people who tend to believe in that stuff.
The people that read home.ec.cooking will just look at a message like
that strangely and wonder what it has to do with cooking.  There
aren't many forums in which such a message is even appropriate.  In
the ones that are, I suspect acceptance would be slow for a sudden
flurry of anonymous postings :-)  Most of hte people who would believe
that kind of thing easily simply aren't on the net.
I don't even think Tim May believes that :-)  I think the basic
assumption is that government rstriction of freedom and privacy is
*bad*.  There's almost certainly more agreement with that.  I
certainly can't htink of time when it was good...
Anarchy is just a bad word because it brings to mind the image of
utter lawlessness and destruction.  I certainly want all the things
typically (badly) supplied by the government:  health care, police,
fire, national defense, etc., I just don't think that we need the
gov't to provide them.  Any anarchy that I advocate has to support at
least the level of society we have now, and I certainly believe that
to be possible.
Labelling someone with a name, then insisting that it belongs to them
is hardly a useful style of argument.
This is just righteousness that is intended to put people down.  It
just prompts flaming and doesn't contribute to the discussion.
Finally, I would note that people are actively pursuing crypto stuff
for a variety of reasons.  I can disgree about philosophy and still
productively cooperate with people.  We contribute to each other's
What are your goals with respect to this stuff, and *what are you
doing* to pursue them?  You want more realism:  what are *your* plans?
Objecting to someone else's is easy.  Doing something is hard (that's
why I support other people doing something even if I don't quite agree
with them).
