
@_date: 1995-07-21 13:44:50
@_author: Bill Trost 
@_subject: Re: The OS wars and DOOM... 
Given that games usually program close to the hardware, and are     therefore the _most_ difficult things to port from one environment
    to another, it really makes one wonder why Excel isn't out for
    (for example) Linux or BSD today.
Microsoft has lots to lose from making software available to systems
that "comptete" with MS-DOG and Windoze.  It's clearly in their best
interests to not make their software run under Unix and/or X11
(although WABI has some interesting implications in that regard).
On the other hand, that would seem to imply that it's in a lot of
other people's interest to port their software -- every little bit of
leverage against Microsoft helps.

@_date: 1995-07-27 21:44:38
@_author: Bill Trost 
@_subject: copyrighting algorithms 
>I wasn't aware that you could copyright an algorithm.  Patent,
    >yes, but not copyright.  Intellectual property meens secret,
    >right?  Aren't there any precendence cases involving propriety
    >schemes that are reverse engineered?
    Game cartridges (I think sega was involved)
You might be referring to Nintendo vs. Galoob, which was used as a
sample case in an January 1994 article in the Communications of the
ACM titled "Copyright's Fair use Doctrine and Digital Data".  The
article states
    Nintendo charged Lewis Galoob Toys with contributory copyright
    infringement because Galoob's Game Genie allowed users to alter
    certain aspects of the play of Nintendo video games....
    Nintendo's theory was that Galoob provided consumers with a device
    knowing they would use it to alter the audiovisual sequences of
    the Nintendo games, thereby creating an unauthorized derivative
    work.  Galoob argued fair use in defense.
Nintendo lost the case mostly because Nintendo wasn't going to lose
any money over the device -- after all, you still have to buy the game
As for the quoted material, "Intellectual property meens [sic]
secret" is quite mistaken.  Copyright and patents are the two most
common forms of intellectual property (AFAIK), and neither of them are
secret (unless they're classified patents, but never mind...).

@_date: 1995-09-10 18:14:07
@_author: Bill Trost 
@_subject: NIS&T Key Escrow Export kangaroo conference 
Pat Farrell's summary of the NIS&T conference (thanks for the report,
by the way!) discussed a bunch of "criteria" that an "acceptable" GAK
system should provide, including a couple that are supposed to limit
the ability of law enforcement to use keys beyond the bounds of the
search warrant.
Another criterium that needs to be brought up (although I'm not sure
of how one would phrase in a way that is either clean or polite) comes
out of a debate between Philip Zimmermann and Dorothy Denning I ran
across at one point: "How can a GAK system be arranged so that some
future Congress cannot destroy the protections of the split-"escrow"
system by issuing a resolution like 'All key components of suspected
Comm^H^H^H^H terrorists shall be provided to the House Committee on
Unamerican Activities'?"
The links to McCarthyism are important here.  GAK proponents can't
claim this kind of thing won't happen -- it *has* happened, and could
easily happen again.  Anyone who claims otherwise is either terribly
naive or is being outright misleading.
In some sense, this criterium goes to the very heart of the whole GAK
question -- even if you believe in the allegedly legitimate power of
law enforcement to look through people's love letters, the "safety
mechanisms" for the keys are nothing more than a set of flimsy
policies that Congress could toss aside the next time something scary
comes along.  The protections that the GAK proponents are proposing
(and proponing (-: ) are frightfully ephemeral.
By the way, I'm a few days behind, so sorry if this is "old mail".
