
@_date: 1997-05-30 00:46:14
@_author: probable cause 
@_subject: There's something wrong when I'm a felon under an increasing number of 
There's something wrong when I'm a felon under an increasing number of
Only one response to the key grabbers is warranted: "Death to Tyrants!"
Timothy C. May              | Crypto Anarchy: encryption, digital money,
tcmay  408-728-0152 | anonymous networks, digital pseudonyms,
W.A.S.T.E.: Corralitos, CA  | knowledge, reputations, information
Higher Power: 2^1398269     | black markets, collapse of governments.
"National borders aren't even speed bumps on the information
  Tim's new sig-line gives recognition to one of what I consider to be
the two main reasons that Democracy and Justice can now be considered
a part of America's historical past.
  A major nail in the coffin of Justice for any accused in the U.S.
was when the justice system promoted the concept of guilt by virtue
of "circumstantial" evidence to the point where people can now be
convicted as a result of speculation rather than evidence. Prosecutors
now seem to need only to convince the sheeple that it was "possible"
for the defendant to have commited the crime and that circumstantial
evidence points *only* to the accused.
  As well, the justice system only allows the government prosecutors
to indulge in "speculation" and denies the defense the opportunity
to do the same. The McVeigh prosecutors are allowed to put on a key
witness who has openly stated that he's going to get rich by telling
fables, yet the defense's witnesses are barred from testifying
because the judge declares their testimony to be unreliable and
the defense's planned defence to be based on speculation.
  Now that this nail has been driven home, the only thing standing between the average citizen and random or targeted unjust imprisonment is a cause of action for the government to proceed on. Tim C. May's
sig-line eloquently points out that the black-robed magicians of the
justice system now have enough cards strategically put in place to
be able to pull an Ace of Subpoena's seemingly out of thin air.
  If a perfectly normal, average grandmother/citizen can be threatened
with imprisonment for putting money in someone else's parking meter
then, pray tell, which action of the average citizen *cannot* be used
to imprison him or her?
  The Pandora's box of laws, regulations and "perceived possibilty of
illegality" (probable cause) leaves each of us open to random or
targeted search, seizure, arrest and imprisonment not only for laws
and crimes which actually exist, but also for those which can be
deduced by "speculation" as to the "possibility" of our having had
an "intent" to do something illegal.
  (Twenty years ago I called my lawyer at four a.m. and he asked me
what charge the police were using to hold me. I told him, "I think
the charge is 'Suspicion of being in jail.'" He laughed and said,
"They may *have* you on this one, Bubba." Back then it was a joke,
but I fear that today it reflects reality.)
  A grandmother in the midwest U.S. plugs someone else's parking meter
and faces prosecution and interrogation. She mentions she was on her
way to pick up paint for a shed being built in her back yard. It turns
out she has no permit to build a shed on her property. The zoning
official who inspects her house for further malefeasance sees a gun
(hunting rifle) in a closet and a line of a white, powdery substance
(roach poison) on a kitchen counter. Police search the house and seize
the computer as evidence. The woman's son has his cypherpunks list
messages on the computer, including Jim Bell's AP/IRS posts.
  What was the woman doing in plugging someone else's parking meter?
She was attempting to prevent the government from collecting money
from a citizen by way of a fine for not paying his/her parking tax.
Her proven "link" to Jim Bell, terrorist and tax protestor, can be
seen as evidence of a "conspiracy." (The question now becomes one
of whether she will testify against Bell in return for a reduction in
her charges, or whether he will do so against her.)
  If you consider the above to be in the least far-fetched then you
have little understanding of the working of our present-day justice
system. If you consider the above to be an unlikely scenario even if
the woman was being *targeted* for prosecution then you are totally
out of touch with the reality of the current state of the justice
system in America.
There's something wrong when I'm a felon under an increasing number of
  No matter how much anyone attempts to minimize or justify Tim C. May's
statement, it is undeniable that the government currently has virtually unlimited power to accuse, convict and imprison its citizens.
  The IRS is the prime example of this fact. It has long been a known
fact, admitted even by IRS officials, that it is impossible for any
citizen to completely comply with the country's tax laws over a period
of years. What is even more disturbing is that interpretation of the
tax laws lies largely in the hands of the IRS, not in the justice
  Add to this the fact that despite having acted in accordance with the legal judgement of an army of tax attorneys, the guilt of any "crime"
falls on the citizen and we are all potential felons. Not only this, but
with the plethora of legislation covering every aspect of our activity
in our private lives and in our interactions with society, most of us
are likely guilty of a multitude of potential felonies.
  Of course, only *bad* people have reason to be fearful, right? Only
those who cause *trouble* need fear being *targeted* for prosecution,
right? This is of no concern to the average citizen, such as yourself,
  Right. As long as you watch what you do and say so that you give the
government no reason to label you as a troublemaker, then you have no
reason to fear. As long as you make certain that you have nothing in
your life that can even give the "appearance" of connecting you to the
*bad* people, you will be safe from government persecution.
  The price to pay for guaranteeing your freedom is small. Quit hunting
and sell your guns. Get rid of white, powdery substances such as roach
poison, sugar, flour. Never fail to signal for a turn. Always wear
your seat belt and drive 55 mp/h. Never wear jeans or pay cash for an
airline ticket. Never read "The Turner Diaries" or "Assassination
  Which reminds me...
  Unsubscribe from the cypherpunks list, physically destroy your computer and never chew gum in a courtroom. (Twenty-four hours in
jail for contempt of court in Phoenix, Arizona.)
  Now that you remain at home and have no contact with the outside
world except to meet all of your legislatively mandated requirements
as a citizen the only thing you need to fear is what the government
*already* has that they can use against you if you become a "target"
of prosecution.
  Cynical? Moi?
  1984 came and went with society by and large dismissing the book, "1984," as having been realized in actuality. I was mystified as to
how anyone, let alone nearly everyone, could fail to recognize that
the seeds had already been planted to bring to fruitation almost every
concept of Big Brother that was focused upon in the work.
  I believe that any rational person can see, in retrospect, that Big
Brother was already a fact of life by then. However, it was of no concern to most of us because not only did it did not negatively impact
us personally, but also because the arising fascist/police state/society
seemed to have little potential to do perswrong when I'm a felon under an increasing number of
  When cops are acquitted of beating a citizen, then if they are still
"targets" the government can charge them with violating the citizen's
civil rights. When O.J. Simpson is acquitted and is still a target, then
a jury of middle-Americans can break him under another set of laws.
  When the government fails to convict Declan for terrorism because of
something he has written about Jim Bell's prosecution, then they can
charge him with tax evasion for the deductions he has taken for
business expenses when writing is only a "hobby" he has used to
commit tax fraud. {The justice system will look to the IRS for the
proper interpretation of Section 20098.6, Subsection AF488GC, which
states "Writing is Declan's employment, not just a hobby." Their interpretation will result in a conviction.}
  The government has stacked all the dice in favour of themself and
against the citizen. If they can't successfully persecute/prosecute
the citizen under "this" law, they will try again under "that" law.
If they still fail to get a conviction, they can prosecute under
yet another law and drag the case out to the point it financially
breaks the citizen.
  If the citizen gets a large measure of financial and legal support,
as in the case of Phil Zimmerman, they may survive. If not, they are
"toast" in a very short period of time.
There's something wrong when I'm a felon under an increasing number of
  In 1984, "1984" had become a reality for "them."
  Now it is a reality for "us."

@_date: 1997-06-02 08:20:39
@_author: unknown_name 
@_subject: Re: Rotenberg as the Uber Enemy 
Regardless, you are already preparing to participate in the
process of new laws being implemented.
  The data is going to be misused. Future legislation will be nothing more than a fight over who gets to misuse it.
  This can be translated to mean that the little guys can do the
same thing that large companies do, only without having to hire
high-priced legal help to tell them how to route around the "rules."
  No new laws, just new rules. Doublespeak?
  Right. I'm going to receive 300,000 spams a day without taking steps to stop it, because I'm stupid. And nobody in the free market
is going to figure out that they can make a shitload of money by
providing a product that solves the problem. And enough people are
going to sort through 300,000 emails a day and send people money
to keep all the spammers operating.
  Since we're all so stupid and incompetent, I guess we'd better count on the government and the EFGA-type organizations to do
what is necessary to "save" us.
  Robert's immediate solution is to take a law that doesn't work
and promulgate "new rules" so that it does.
  Right. The "new rules" are going to be decided on by the same
lame bunch of actors who made the "old rules" which don't work.
And all of those people who aren't paying attention to the old
rules are going to have a vision from heaven which tells them
to follow the new rules.
  Question: "With all of the organizations 'busting their ass'
for our benefit, when do we start seeing the *good* legislation?"
  I can use strong crypto to keep my communications private and
I can maintain control over my private key. The government wants
to pass legislation to change that. What's to debate?
  I need groups of self-appointed saviors to negotiate the method
and timing of how my privacy and freedom are going to be taken
away? I don't think so!
  These "saviors" of our rights are doing nothing more than serving
as a buffer for the government as what we already have is being
stolen from us. They have taken it upon themselves to negotiate
our retreat in the face of loss of our privacy and freedom. They
are providing the government with a stamp of approval for "reasonable
compromise" of our freedom and privacy via "acceptable legislation."
  If these organizations are so concerned about my rights, then why
do I never see the words "Nazi Ratfuckers!" in their press releases?
  No more free buffets? No more power lunches with the power mongers?
No more nights in the Lincoln bedroom?
  (OK. I'll calm down and be "reasonable." How about the word,
"Bullshit!" I've read the government press releases, I've heard the
speeches. It's bullshit, but all I hear coming out of the mouths of
the "saviors" of my rights is replies in kind--politispeak.)
  I keep hearing how these organizations that haven't kept us from
getting fucked in the past are working for the future, when one of
our own is in jail *now*.
  Want to impress me? Do something for Jim Bell, because tomorrow
it's Tim May, and Adam Back a week later (they got Noriega, and they can get Adam, too.)
  You don't have time to aide Jim Bell, but you have time to give
me dire warnings about getting 300,000 emails a day? You have time
to tell me that the "solution" is to have the people who wrote rules that don't work write *new* rules?
  Horseshit!
