
@_date: 1998-09-21 10:47:42
@_author: "Todd S. Glassey" 
@_subject: RE: ArcotSign (was Re: Does security depend on hardware?) 
Hey Bruce,
doesn't this response of yours imply that the OS is what is comprimised?,
that either the access models and control of the File System on the target
system (that is the one with the million PW's strewn about the disk file
system) is setup wrong or is just not functional. Otherwise why would I want
to take up critical disk space with a management process that had to manage
a million disk-based entities.
Oh and BTW - a simple runtime profiler (i.e. most of the runtime debuggers
will suffice if they have trace capability) will crack which password is the
right one, and I don't even need physical access to the machine to run it in
Microsoft Land. Now if they used the CertCo model and split the key/pw into
several sections and signed or encrypted them separately so that essentially
you have a holographic PW its harder, but the Runtime Profiler is still
capable of creating havoc in this model, I think.
That is exactly the point why SW alone solutions cannot provide the levels
of trust that some forms of commerce require. If the OS is untrustworthy and
you have to replicate the components of the system to confuse an intruder as
to which is the "active entitiy"... then whats to stop the same person from
building a sleeper or coopting the User Memory Space. It seems to me that
this effort will just stop people that are cruising through others
filespaces in search of gold.
As far as commercial trust models are concerned this solution, IMHO, is less
than desirable and in some instances covers up but does not fix, various
liability models for a complete system.
It seems to me (standard disclaimers apply here), that in the real world,
the best way to operate is to trust no one,  not your OS, not your ISP, and
especially not your own people. What that mandates is that there is some
"anchor process" that binds both policy and the systems that implement it to
the firmament. I believe that this is the key to making tools like CDSA and
others (OpSec) more functional. Besides, Imagine the strength of an audit
process based upon one of these immutable policy anchors.
