
@_date: 1994-06-02 17:43:39
@_author: Vinod Valloppillil 
@_subject: Re: HACK - U HAVE NO PRIVACY 
group for the free world in charge of advanced military projects and most importantly -- UFO phenomena.  In UFO conspiracy circles this group has supposedly sold the American public to alien abductors in exchange for technology, science, etc.  No list of good conspirators is complete without it !  :)
These opinions are mine, not Microsoft's.
Vinod Valloppillil

@_date: 1994-06-02 17:43:40
@_author: Vinod Valloppillil 
@_subject: Re: HACK - U HAVE NO PRIVACY 
group for the free world in charge of advanced military projects and most importantly -- UFO phenomena.  In UFO conspiracy circles this group has supposedly sold the American public to alien abductors in exchange for technology, science, etc.  No list of good conspirators is complete without it !  :)
These opinions are mine, not Microsoft's.
Vinod Valloppillil

@_date: 1994-06-16 10:33:07
@_author: Vinod Valloppillil 
@_subject: I'm getting all the mail twice! 
to the general group address in case there's anyone else who might be getting hit twice as well.

@_date: 1994-06-16 10:45:31
@_author: Vinod Valloppillil 
@_subject: Andy Grove on Clipper 
Andy Grove (CEO/Intel), Dan Sussman (? -- I think that's his name, he was an editor at Newsweek), and Reed Hundt from the FCC.  As can be expected, it was another talk show about the "Data Superhighway".  It got interesting on two points:
the Data Superhighway and he told Larry that since Al Gore was on the show, he'd rather get into what he thought the Feds _shouldn't_ do and discussed the path towards universal access to PC's without any federal involvement.  Al Gore tried to get involved by arguing that the Fed's were originally responsible for the computer revolution b/c of the Apollo program.  The two hit back and forth a couple of times on the issue.  At this point, I was patting Andy on the back for being a non-statist.
Superhighway" the Clipper chip had to be discussed.  He then went on to say (and occasionally apologizing to Gore for being blunt) how the chip and the whole program were "loathed" by the industry and privacy advocates.  Larry asked Groves what he thought about it and he went off talking about the govt's legitimate right to tap analog media and how all this chip did was to extend that right into the digital realm.  I was shocked.  Even worse, Al Gore supported Andy's position and then when Larry King got back to the editor, he backed off saying "well, I just heard that people in the industry didn't like it." Larry asked for his opinion on it as a provider of information services and he said, "we just report on public opinions in our magazine and don't try to take positions on the issues.

@_date: 1994-06-17 12:52:39
@_author: Vinod Valloppillil 
@_subject: FW: Larry King Live - you be the judge 
Live episode to
me and I thought I'd give it to the cypherpunks to chew on....
Boy, Andy Grove really let me down....
                  CNN REPORT - LARRY KING:  CLIPPER CHIP
                        June 15, 1994
        extracts from panel on Information Superhighway
PANEL INCLUDES:     Vic Sussman - U.S. News & World Report
                    Andy Grove  - Intel Corporation
                    Vice President Al Gore
                    Chairman of the FCC
Vic Sussman:   The Clipper Chip is essentially, I should let the
               Vice President tell you, but the Clipper Chip is
               essentially, the simplest way to think about it is
               it's a way of encrypting or making phone
               conversations private and they will be private for
               anyone.  Your neighbor will not be able to listen
               in on your phone conversations. However,..
Larry King:    They can now?
Vic Sussman:   They can now, but they won't with the Clipper Chip.
               However, the government that is law enforcement has
               to have a trap door so they can get in and listen
               to what, you know, legal wire taps.  The problem
               is, and I can't believe I'm sitting next the Vice
               President and saying this, the fact is this thing
               is loathed by everyone outside of government.  Now,
               I'll let Andy talk.
Larry King:    Loathed?
Vic Sussman:   Loathed and despised. Yes, the Clipper Chip.
Larry King:    First, we will get Andy before the gang up begins.
               Andy, what do you think of the Clipper Chip?
Andy Grove:    The reason I was laughing is because the issues of
               the Clipper Chip are the arcane of the arcane and
               discussing it with the respectable technical
               community that you have on your show and yourself
               is a little bit like discussing the technical
               merits of a speed trap.
Larry King:    Why the neanderthal here? Why?
Andy Grove:    Uh, the Clipper Chip is an implementation.  One
               particular implementation of the government's right
               to tap digital information.  The government has had
               the right to tap analog information.  The kind of
               information that is taking place between you and me
               and on the phone.  The government has that right.
Larry King:    Under different lines?
Andy Grove:    Pardon?
Larry King:    Under different lines and circumstances?
Andy Grove:    They have to get a warrant, but they can tap it.
               Now just because the information goes digitally, I
               don't see the difference.  The government for its
               own law enforcement needs should be able to tap
               digital information just as well as they have had
               the right to tap analog information forever.
Chairman of the FCC:     This isn't really the FCC he is talking
                         about.  This is law enforcement issues.
Larry King:    Do you believe that? (to Vic Sussman)
Vic Sussman:   Well, I'm a reporter.  I'm just reporting what
               people are saying.  What people are saying is that
               it is going to be hard to find any software
               manufacturers, any computer manufacturers, any
               telecommunication people who support this outside
               of the administration.
V.P. Al Gore:  This is a much misunderstood issue Larry, It is an
               issue that quickly becomes very emotional.  There
               are a lot of people who think that the government's
               ability to go to court and get a warrant and try to
               track down a terrorist or drug dealer, whatever,
               Uh, ought to be just shut off if communication is
               digital. Now, I'm stating the case a little
               parjodially but that really is what is at stake.
               Think of a future in which you have a world trade
               center bombing thirty years from now with a nuclear
               device or a threat of a nuclear device being
               exploded in an urban area or some other mass
               terror.  Do we want to live in a world where the
               FBI and other law enforcement agencies are
               prevented from being able to do their jobs.  Now,
               the government should not have the right (Gore
               laughs) to tap communication unless there is a
               legal proceeding in which there is a due cause, in
               which evidence is presented, in which a court says,
               "Look alright, you have presented enough evidence
               to meet the burden of proof, legally there is
               sufficient cause to allow you to conduct this
               criminal investigation."
Larry King:    We have run out of time.
------- End of Forwarded Message
These opinions are mine and do not in any way represent the opinions of Microsoft Corporation,
its employees, or stockholders.

@_date: 1994-07-19 09:49:26
@_author: Vinod Valloppillil 
@_subject: RE: Big Brother comes to Campus 
government approach, you still retain some level of choice -- i.e. if you don't like Mankato's ability to track you through this card, don't go to Mankato, or perhaps more realistically, minimize usage of the card.  This seems kind of similar to the arguments about a company's right to use escrowed keys.  There is no reason why a company can't mandate that all use escrowed keys for employees conducting company business (email, transactions, etc.).  If the company is regularly using its keys to examine your mail and it pisses you off, quit and work for a different company that treats its employees with more respect.  In any case, choice is preserved.

@_date: 1994-08-08 11:59:58
@_author: Vinod Valloppillil 
@_subject: Re: Digicash address? 
If you're looking for info on digicash, it might be more polite to mail to
than to mail directly to David Chaum's account....
You can reach David Chaum at chaum
