
@_date: 1995-08-01 02:32:52
@_author: "J. R. Valverde (EMBL Outstation: the EBI 
@_subject: Re: a hole in PGP 
I could XOR something with my key (00000000) and use that. Then tell my
fellows and all of us use the same program.
or whomever has made a program that, under test, is more secure than my
XOR 00000000 implementation. I may not fully trust them but it is better
than anything I could come out with.
have two options: either I use it or I give up with cryptography at all.
with something better, please do. All the Free (and Wannabe Free) World
will be eternally grateful to you. If you can't, then you only have the
above two options.
is not only stupid, it is also pesimistic, destructive, improductive and
threatening all kinds of freedom. Nazi perhaps? Dunno. And I don't care.
negatively. So, since you can only prove that it can fail, but can't prove
it can't, any discussion is irrelevant unless you have any real proof.
that nobody can break your crypto process before the secret becomes irrelevant.
All your security lies in the fact that *YOU* don't know of anybody that can break the problem but can't deny that  someone could ever possibly discover a clever algorithm.
algorithm, or can name someone who can proof s/he can break it, or you just
trust it the best you can. Any other kind of discussion is a sophism.
with a letal disease with no known therapy. Then someone comes up with A,
which cures people, but -being new- could maybe possibly perhaps have some
secondary effect that no one knows yet and can't be demonstrated (but could
exist). Now, should I trust the lifes of my patients to therapy A or should
I wait for some years to be secure it has no secondary effects?. Even so,
since the fact nobody has reported them doesn't mean it could not have
them (only that nobody has discovered them), I can't be 100% sure.
you can never be 100% sure, you would not like the idea. Would you trust
your life to that therapy when you know for sure you are about to die if
you don't? What if A saved 100%, but there was a therapy B that saved 20%
with no known secondary effects either? Which one would you chose?
I'd say that unless you have something better, that's your better bet. So,
since you know for sure that if you don't use any cryptography at all, you
must communicate in the clear, what do you do?

@_date: 1995-08-25 13:42:22
@_author: "J. R. Valverde (EMBL Outstation: the EBI 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunk Brute Squad [Re: SSL Challenge: Server problems] 
I've had a power down and had to shutdown most machines. On coming back
decided to update the versions of brloop and brclient...
Now I'm trying to run on AXP/OSF/1 and MIPS/Ultrix machines the latest
versions and don't seem to be able to get a damn piece of keyspace...
Besides many timeouts I also get
Server timing problem: Goodbye unknown -- you have been timed out
which I assume is a message from the server telling me it's too loaded,
No input when expecting an ACK line
which sound even worst... I've been having trouble getting keys all the
afternoon now, what a pity.
BTW, the versions I'm running now are brloop 0.05 and brclient 0.16 and
since I'm in Cambridgeshire-UK too, with a 2Mbps link, I doubt that the
timeout is due to congestion on the net.
Any suggestions? Or is it only the overload in the server that's giving
me nightmares?

@_date: 1995-10-09 06:46:46
@_author: "J. R. Valverde (EMBL Outstation: the EBI 
@_subject: Re: LACC: Account sharing leads to false imprisonment 
Amazing! If I'm allowed to express my opinion!
What I find so amazing is the fascinating arguments exposed here. Let's
see... First, let me say I start from a different point of view.
I see the University as a place for forming people and distributing ideas,
not juts the ideas of the "Establishment", but all kind of ideas. A place for the free interchange of all ideas and the formation of new persons.
Now, all your message transpires a special horror against the dispersion
of "anti-establishment" ideas. Of things that one could find "disturbing"
from some point of view...
Oh well, I wonder what it would have been if the arabs in Spain had only
translated the Koram in the middle ages, instead of translating all the
ancient wisdom and preserving it for all of us. Even if it conflicted with
*their* beliefs. It would have been great not to have Aristotles or Plato
at all. Just the Koram.
From your message, it looks like you want instead the Spanish Inquisition back:
if someone distributes strange ideas -anarchist, communist, etc...- that person is a risk for the stablishment and should be punished. Isn't it?
is not being easy to catch, it's being confident in one's freedom of speech
and on the democratic system to protect it. Even in spite of overzealous
system administrators.
it was up to the (C) holder to decide what actions if any to take. BSD-Unix is copyrighted code, but I wouldn't say that all the copies around are illegal,
or stolen.
for permission, then it is whoever gave permission (if any) who should be
pursued instead? I guess that if a poor guy is sold the Golden Gate, it is not
that poor guy's fault as much as the "seller's".
must have been pretty bad intentioned then. No one should have "unauthorized
ideas" and even less dare to distribute or share them. I see.
of ideas there's always a willing sysadmin to hunt the witch instead of
defending freedom of speech. Great.
manager, and all that, those people should be asked prior to jumping to
conspiracy theories? The same kind of reasoning lead many innocents to die
with the Spanish Inquisition: hey, they were plotting with the devil against
god laws. Sorry, but I think a phone call to the implicated persons can
easily clear all those doubts without "electronic surveillance" as you propose.
were "potential criminals"... What else could they possibly be?
be a "fill in your fears here". Just the same as it was with the Inquisition,
if they were good guys they shouldn't fear torture or dying for God. And it
was better to torture innocents than allowing any "potential bad guy" to get
a multimillion dollar trial which, if you can't afford- will take you to
jail (which can be a real torture), I guess that most innocents will prefer
to go along with a smaller fine.
homsexual homicidal maniac in jail. Or visiting the dungeons of the Inquisition. Of course, if instead of distributing 'X' files he had just
killed his wife and her lover, and were multimillionaire, it would have
been quite different. Wouldn't it?
tionate, faced to an expensive trial he couldn't afford and forced into an
agreement that's being sold as a confession, and being publicly given a
walk around the city dressed as a damned heretic, he shouldn't have even the
right to complain.
Look, I don't really know about the case. But I do really understand one thing:
if this guy hadn't posted what some person considered were "pernicious ideas"
he would have never been tracked down, villipendiated and taken to trial.
I don't care about if he was using public resources for something they shouldn't
be. That's something else to be discussed. Is it wrong to use a University
to spread ideas, specially when the mainstream media avoid them? I won't
comment on that.
But that someone can start a witch hunt 'cos some other one is posting some special kind of information... Let's say, I can't consider that justification
So. I think you have made a great point for the defense of cryptography: if we want to have free thought and free speech, and avoid a new Inquisition, that's the only way. But I'm sure that if these guys had encrypted their messages that would have been taken more as a demonstrationof their *evil*
After all, if they had nothing to fear, why hide? Why avoid torture? But they
didn't hide, and we have seen... yes. Long life to thought control!

@_date: 1995-10-11 07:26:49
@_author: "J. R. Valverde (EMBL Outstation: the EBI 
@_subject: Re: Hal's Third Challenge? 
If the next challenge is advertised with time enough, I have a spare
MasPar I could use.
I've been considering porting brutessl to it for a while, but never actually tried. Maybe I could have time to do it... That would be real
OTOH I'm about to leave my current job. Maybe I won't have the time...
But I could try. <:-)

@_date: 1995-10-13 01:27:29
@_author: "J. R. Valverde (EMBL Outstation: the EBI 
@_subject: Re: T-Shirts 
Hey Perry, I think this is pushing it a bit too far:
"Perry E. Metzger"  writes
expose it. Do you read sci.crypt? Looks like you don't. I've lost track
(nor do I try to keep it) of the amount of typical answers of the likes
do consultancy work for a multimillion corporation (e.g. MicroSoft) with
no access to sources for free or just a "high-quality T-shirt" that can't be worth more than 100$ and all he gets is a kick in the ass.
would have been better if it didn't exist. Many companies invest zillions
of dollars in testing. Why should I save that money to a greedy company?
do as they wish with cryptography. Why should they try to make thing right
from the first time? Let people discover mistakes later, and complain. If
they can.
else: one should be sure his/her solutions work before wasting other people's
time. Like, e.g. before asking if his ROT16 algorithm is safe. Isn't it
embarrassing that any corp. asks for testing of programs before even having
made sure they check for array overflows?
speaker. So may be I shouldn't be in this list. As neither any other
foreigner. More so since I think contents are more important thn the way
they are expressed.
and standard English, so it can't be taken seriously.
other topics, in any 'spaghetti -or scrambled- language' as long as I can understand it.
These opinions are mine and only mine. Hey, man, I saw them first!

@_date: 1995-10-18 05:43:06
@_author: "J. R. Valverde (EMBL Outstation: the EBI 
@_subject: Re: Postscript in Netscape 
"you use it in a physically secure computer, only accessible to the person
"using it, with an absolutely secure OS, configured for maximum security,
"totally bug-free, using a network connection that only spans trusted hosts
"with absolute security levels at least as astringent as that of origin,
"that can in no way whatsoever be tapped of otherwise tampered with,
"and to which only persons of abosulte trust (if that thing exists) for
"the original user have access. And that only if God doesn't decide to
"make a miracle to break the security or a quantic effect doesn't suddenly
"materialize some kind of horrible and unknown monster from another dimension
"with evil intentions against that specific user of Netscape and power
"enough to break his/her tight security ring! Oh, and provided the user doesn't
"suddenly become mad and etc, etc, etc..." You could go on forever.
a weakest link which is the human factor. The most you can say is that any
method -cryptographic or not- is as secure as the weakest link in the whole
environment in which it is used.
of *your* crypto -or whatever- method and only as far as commonly accepted
wisdom and knowledge allow you to do so. You can't be sure there is no
one there who knows how to factor big numbers, and is keeping silent and
becoming very reach breaking into other people information.
method, considered isolatedly, has a given level of "accepted" strength. With
that in their hand any minimally intelligent user should be able to evaluate
the security of his/her own setup given all the -infinite- things that can
go wrong and his/her prsonal trust on mankind.
listing of the relative resistance of all the materials in the car against
any possible other matter in the Universe into which you could possibly
crash. Imagine it: The new XXXX is safe to drive as long as you don't crash
into a truck, concrete wall, jump over a cliff, submerge into deep ocean,
or a nuclear bomb doesn't explode over your head...!
