
@_date: 1997-04-21 14:02:58
@_author: Thomas Porter 
@_subject: How to pick up email addresses from a feedback form?? 
Greetings guru's.
I have a technical question:
I am using a browser(Netscape 2.0.2 Win 3.1) to access a feedback form at
I fill in my information and hit the submit button.
I see the message "connecting to xxx.bbb.com" flash up on the status line
before getting a 'done' message.
xxx.bbb.com is _not_ a web hosting service for   I do a 'whois'
on  and contact the tech admin who can duplicate this and is
very concerned that information from his forms may be routed to xxx.bbb.com.
My question is how this might happen?
to the feedback form (ie.  has been hacked), or packet sniffing
somewhere along the route from my browser machine to Is there another way to do this?  Could a third-party spammer, for example,
capture email addresses posted to such a form?
Tom Porter

@_date: 1997-05-08 02:34:11
@_author: Thomas Porter 
@_subject: Constitutional basis for RTKBA? 
At 09:43 PM 5/5/97 -0700, Kent Crispin thoughtfully expounded thus:
I suppose one can quibble on this, but I do not think this is the case.
It _is_ possible that precedent and the accumulation of rulings would not
support an individual right to bear arms, but from a strict constitutional
POV, as well as the historical record of quotations by the Founding Fathers
and associated writings, it is very clear that the second amendment was
specifically written to protect the individual RTKBA in order to resist the
establishment of a tyrannical government.
One of the best reviews of this is:
The Embarassing Second Amendment by Sanford Levinson, Yale Law Journal
Volume 99, pp 637-659 (1989)
Tom Porter                                       txporter

@_date: 1997-05-16 03:23:27
@_author: Thomas Porter 
@_subject: Re: NSA _likes_ strong crypto? 
At 09:32 AM 5/15/97 -0700, Bill Frantz thoughtfully expounded thus:
I realize I may catch it for my numerical ignorance here, but a more
paranoid type might think that any acquiescence on the part of NSA might be
due to more relative ease of breaking important traffic than they might
have possessed in the past.
Does any one on the list have any ideas on what the Intel mega-pentium
parallel  processor (touted for nuclear explosion and weather simulations a
few months back, and noticeably missing any mention of NSA application)
does to the time estimates for cracking "strong" crypto keys?  I am being
purposefully vague in my definitions of strong crypto, but I would present
as my test cases PGP ascii-armor traffic of 2048 key length or plain files
encrypted with pgp -c option; ie. typical crypto-criminal/narco-terrorist
How does this strength of encryption compare to whatever might be used to
"secure the nation's info infrastructure" [Netscape 40 bit!!??] regarding
cracking time?  Clearly less, but how much less on this type of specialized
parallel processor?  To put it another way, any swags on how long it would
take this pentium parallel processor to crack the current DES56 challenge?
Inquiring (and ignorant) minds want to know,
Tom Porter                                       txporter

@_date: 1997-10-01 05:32:18
@_author: Thomas Porter 
@_subject: Re: [CFP98] "How to Choke the Net" 
At 10:12 AM 9/30/97 -0700, Dave Del Torto thoughtfully expounded thus:
I think that the fact that 50 - 75 % of all packets _in the world_ (IIRC)
go through MAE-EAST in Reston, VA means that any governmental entity
controlling this NAP could filter/drop packets to their heart's content.  I
seem to recall a year or so back that Madsen, et. al. said that they were
very certain that packet monitoring took place at major NAPS like this.
For my own $.02 I think that the lack of success on this front has been due
to sloth on various governments' parts, not for lack of ability.
Considering that many third-world countries have limited connectivity into
the high-speed backbones, typically through one or two interconnect points
at most, (owned by their government-run PTT's) I think that any concerted
effort on a government's part would be more successful than most think
given that the Internet is not as seamless and redundant a network as one
might think.
(Yes, I recall the xs4all business last year, and feel that Western
Europe's interconnectedness is currently an anomaly and not the norm, from
a global point of view.)
I would like to know if the general public's use of default DNS servers as
setup or defined by most of the big ISP's would help this kind of control?  I imagine that it is harder to block access if one controls routing and
uses direct IP addresses, but considering that a lot of people find sites
to look at via the various search engines; and considering the recent US
rating proposals looking to not include unrated sites in search engines; I
think that the possibility of effective site blocking for most casual
internet users is not that far-fetched.
A chef my wife knows in Thailand 'lost' some PGP mail coming to him once or
twice, and then got a knock on the door asking him please not to use
encrypted mail anymore:  "... You are free to do whatever you want, but
this is very suspicious activity that you might want to reconsider...." Tom Porter                                       txporter

@_date: 1997-10-08 22:19:43
@_author: Thomas Porter 
@_subject: Re: Internet Via Electric Lines? 
At 07:34 AM 10/8/97 -0500, Jim Choate thoughtfully expounded thus:
Ahh, the memories this brings back!
I once worked for a large hosiery manufacturing company that markets its
products in a little egg-shaped container, which to protect the stupid,
shall remain unnamed.
Around 1979, they wanted to automate the collection of manufacturing
information on the shop floor using terminals available to the slaves (Err,
I mean piecework workers), and some bright lad had the idea of impressing
the signal on the power supply in the factory.  This was OK until they
found out that they drew three separate 110 volt runs off of their
three-phase main supply, and the signal wouldn't make it from one run to
the other, this dividing the system up into three non-communicating
separate networks.
This was shelved, and the hand-built data collection terminals were
reworked to plug into coax instead.  Unfortunately they then decided on a
ring topology for the network linking all the little hand-built terminals,
combined with a sequential polling system that wouldn't skip a terminal if
it didn't answer!!!  This lead to one of the more interesting periods in my life, spending six
months every other week in a Southern textile town baby-sitting little grey
boxes.  When one quit working, I had to make a tour of the network loop,
resetting little gray boxes until the network came back up again.  The fact
that workers sewing pantyhose build up incredible static electric charges
didn't help matters any, and lead to cryptic instructions to the workers to
touch the metal terminal stand before entering any information into the
system!!  One can only imagine the Pavlovian effects this had on worker
acceptance of this new, improved data collection system.
Ten years ago, the little grey boxes were gathering dust in a storage room.
 Five years ago, I could not find anyone who recalled working on this
Tom Porter                                       txporter

@_date: 1997-12-23 01:04:54
@_author: Thomas Porter 
@_subject: Re: Civil War Crypto Question... (fwd) 
Tsk, Tsk, A cyppherpunk not knowing who Wiliam F. Friedman was?  Author of many
texts on cryptography, ... was a master at cryptanalysis during the two World
Wars and could be called the father of American cryptography.
around 1917, became the head of the Department of Ciphers. During this time
America became engaged in World War I. Intercepted messages were given to
Friedman and he was successful in breaking each and every one of them. Probably wrote analysis of early US military crypto systems that the
reference was drawn from.

@_date: 1998-01-16 00:11:38
@_author: Thomas Porter 
@_subject: re: Microsoft Metaphors 
I might look at it like air conditioning in a car:  If present, it requires
significant alterations to the basic vehicle, and might be difficult to remove
cleanly, _but_ air conditioning in no way affects the basic operation of the
car, and cars can be bought without air conditioning.
Hmmmmm, actually A/C does affect the car's operation: uses more gas and degrades performance!  A better metaphor than I thought.

@_date: 1998-01-29 04:37:43
@_author: Thomas Porter 
@_subject: Re: Quantum teleportation and communication 
At 10:29 AM 1/28/98 -0800, Tim May thoughtfully expounded thus:
[Info on various quantum effects snipped]
While Sarfatti may be a bit whacko. PSI is proving to be anything but
I agree that there is a _lot_ of "sheep & goats" effect in the literature,
but I think Ed May's critiques of the AIR study of Remote Viewing done by
SAIC's Cognitive Sciences Laboratory (at ) are worth reading.  MI analysts who did RV at Ft. Meade have received
commendations and medals for the intelligence they generated using RV. Tom Porter                                       txporter
