
@_date: 1992-11-30 10:37:21
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Secure Key exchange 
Date: Mon, 30 Nov 92 08:32:45 EST
   From: pfarrell (Pat Farrell)
   I sign keys only when I am certian that the key belongs to the human who
   claims to have the name on the key. There are not a lot of keys signed
   by me floating arround, maybe six total.....
Ah, but how do we know that it's really you making this statement, and
not some evil NSA spoofer?  What people need to do is to make their
key-signinging policies available _signed_ with their private key; that
way at least we would know that the entity signing the keys and the
entity claiming that this is its policy are the same.  This helps, but
we would then still need to trust that the entity is telling the truth
insofar as its key-signing policy is concerned.

@_date: 1992-12-15 23:15:59
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: ps -laxww for randmoness? 
From: avalon (Darren Reed)
   Date: Wed, 16 Dec 92 2:30:49 EST
   Has anyone tried using the microsecond counter from unix as a random
   source ?  Its obviously *not* going to be good if you want a continuous
   stream of random numbers, but if you need them just 'every now and then',
   what about it ?
This should be in an FAQ:  Unixes have different levels of granularity
in the microsecond counter; some systems may only have a 10 ms (that's
10000 microsecond) resolution to their clock.  So you can't necessarily
depend on a getting lot of bits of randomness from this method.

@_date: 1992-12-17 11:19:50
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: 
Date: Thu, 17 Dec 92 12:38:34 -0500
   From: treason
   Apparently-To: cypherpunks
   Here is parts of the article I posted regarding the legality of the use
   of emf shielding.  Read it carefully, and I suggest you also read the
   posted document in full as well.  We have read it carefully.  What your article claims is that NACSIM
5100A is classified, so if something is built to be TEMPEST certified,
the design is classified, and the actual device can not be sold to the
public, in order to prevent reverse-engineering of the standard.
This, however, does not mean that emf shielding is illegal.  How to do
emf shielding is relatively well understood --- what is classified is
how much shielding is enough.  As your article itself admits, having the
the NACSIM standard isn't very useful anyway, since we can't trust the
levels promulgated by the NSA to be sufficient to prevent them from
listening in.  (What you're saying would be like saying that the NSA has
a classified recommendation that RSA keys be at least XXX bits long ---
just because the recommendation is classified doesn't mean that we can't
use RSA, and if the number of bits were something like 512 bits, if we
found out what it was, we'd probably want to use something bigger
anyway.  :-)
As many other people have pointed out, emf shielding can't be illegal,
since it's required for FCC requirements.  If someone wants to spend
additional money, and put a lot more shielding that what's really
needed, there shouldn't be any problem with that.
Finally, I'm not sure about the complete accuracy of that article you've
posted.  We have one of the first BBN Safekeeper (tm) boxes at MIT,
which is a certificate meter which generates X.509 public key
certificates for use in the Privacy Enhanced Mail (PEM) system.  It *IS*
TEMPEST shielded(*) and BBN is planning on selling it to commercial
companies, TEMPEST shielding and all.  Therefore, I suspect that the
information in that article may be out of date.
   PERRY, now I put up, now YOU SHUT UP!
There's no need to be rude --- especially when you're wrong and can't
even interpret the article which you yourself posted.
(*) There is an amusing story about what happened when they took it to
get it certified as a FCC Class A computing device (which they needed to
do since they were planning on selling it commercially); the FCC tester
kept bringing his testing device closer, and closer, and closer to the
Safekeeper(tm), and when he was finally on top of it, he tapped his
meter and asked: ``Are you sure this is turned on?''  As the story was
told to me, the designer of the box was there for the testing, and this
was one of his prouder moments.  :-)

@_date: 1993-01-06 13:24:09
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: A solution remailer signature suppression 
I also agree that any sort of mailers should pass a message body
UNTOUCHED.  Next thing you know, people will be advocating that
remailers have AI capabilities for stripping out incriminating
statements made inside the body.
If your mail system is broken enough that it inserts signatures without
your permission, and you have no way to controlling it, it's broken.
End of statement.  Fix it or ditch it.

@_date: 1993-01-09 08:52:30
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Russian analysis of PGP 
From: eab (Edward Bertsch)
   Date: Sat, 9 Jan 93 7:48:46 CST
   these are serious claims.  What do the authors of the software have
   to say about them?  Others?
"Dr. Sidelnikov" has presented some very serious claims, indeed, but has not
produced one shred of evidence to back them up.  Some of his claims, to
wit his assertion that PGP's hashing function is breakable, he could
have very simply demonstrated, without using a lot of clumsy english.
(All he would have needed to do is to produce, two strings, X and Y,
where X != Y and MD5(X) == MD5(Y) --- or better yet, given message
digest Z which someone else picks, such as the test values in RFC-1321,
produce a string X such that MD5(Z) == X.
Some of his other claims, such as his complaint that PGP doesn't contain
any self-checking code to protect against "killer viruses", on the
surface seem to indicate a very shallow analysis of the problem.
Something else to consider is that the source of his posting is somewhat
suspect.  The person who posted it got it from a friend, who got it from
some other net where supposedly Dr. Sidelnikov posted it.  At the
moment, its source sounds like an awful lot of urban legend stories
which many of us have heard before.  An equivalent statement to his
posting might be: While I might have a lot of respect for MIT and its professors, I would
want to see a demonstration of this fact before I would take that kind
of report very seriously.  The same standards should be held to Dr.
P.S.  Note that I am not completely ruling out Dr. Sidelnikov's claims;
but we should keep in mind that up to this point, we have not one shred
of evidence that he is (a) who he claims to be, or (b) his statements
are true.  I would expect that most academics, when publishing something
of this magnitude, would include some sort of evidence to back their
claims up.
P.P.S.  Also note that if his claim about MD5 is true, then we are in a
lot more trouble than just PGP being insecure.  There are an awful lot
of other protocols that use MD5, including Privacy Enhanced Email (PEM).

@_date: 1993-02-24 14:18:18
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous flooding 
Date: Wed, 24 Feb 1993 15:11-EST
   From: Marc.Ringuette
   I wonder if full crypto anonymity as we envision it will be stable?
   I'm very concerned about the problem of anonymous users intentionally
   flooding the network with garbage in order to bring it to its knees.
   Current practice, in the non-anonymous world, is to trace excess
   traffic to its source and stop it from being generated.  This will no
   longer be possible when true anonymity is available.
I think the real problem won't be flooding, but the bad name full crypto
anonymity will get when lusers start abusing the system to send
harrassing email and hide behind the protection of an anonymous
At MIT, we're considering to start up an anonymous remailer, but with
the proviso that if we get a complaint about a particular pseudonym is
used to send harassing email, or email with threatening violence, and
some other well-defined occassions, that we would reveal, to the proper
authorities, the email address used for sending replies back.
A warning to that effect would be sent back to an email address the
first time the anonymous contact service saw that particular email
address, and assigned it a pseudonym address for replies.  This way,
users would have the proper expectations of privacy.
Ultimately, I think this is the only way that anonymous remailers will
be able to function.  Otherwise, the public outcry the first time one of
these remailers are abused will cause these full remailers to be
shutdown, or otherwise cut off from the net.

@_date: 1993-02-24 22:03:27
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous flooding 
Date: Thu, 25 Feb 93 07:01:04 +0200
   From: julf (Johan Helsingius)
   Hmm... Could you briefly outline those "well-defined"
   occasions? How about this case: I send you a complaint about somebody
   who has repeatedly harrassed everybody soc.culture.india/tamil/srilanka
   with anonymous postings about faked reports about then indian army
   raping civilians in sri lanka?
We haven't completely finished drafting those policies yet, so I can't
give you a comprehensive answer.  (If you have suggestions about where
to draw the line, please send me email!)
As far as your example goes: What I do now, when someone sends me a
complaint like that, is I go to the Usenet newsgroup myself, and take a
look at the flame war in progress.  (Usually both sides are behaving
like pre-schoolers fighting in a sandbox, but we'll let that pass.)
Whether or not we would need to impose sanctions on someone because of
their USENET postings is a very hard-to-define area, which ultimately
comes down to a judgement call.  Usually, we try not to censor people,
although we do usually send them a note suggesting that the follow some
basic Net Etiquette.  So that might not be grounds for digging up the
real email address.
On the other hand, if someone posts a message threatening to kill the
President, and the Secret Service shows up at your doorstep (and no,
this is not a Hypothetical Example), I think we would very clearly have
justification for trying to track down the identity of the person
posting the message.  Threats of violence in general would probably be
grounds for tracking the person down and issuing sanctions of some kind.
The basic idea is that there are certain uses of a psedonym remailer
(I'm not using the word anonymous remailer because we wouldn't be
offering true anonymity) which are obviously legitimate --- for example,
an anonymous suggestion box, alt.personals, etc.  On the other hand,
there are certain activities which are clearly out of bounds --- threats
of violence, harassment, etc.  What to do in the middle ground will
require some amount of judgement, so perhaps we won't be able to make
the list completely well-defined.  Although obviously, it would be best
if that list were as well-defined as possible.

@_date: 1993-02-26 16:05:42
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
From: gnu (John Gilmore)
   Date: Fri, 26 Feb 93 03:01:53 -0800
   Squabbling over what "crimes" or "antisocial acts" should disqualify one
   from being able to use anonymity is ***WAY*** missing the point.  It is
   the people who have crossed one of those lines who need the protection the
   most!  It is perhaps tempting to say that people committing antisocial acts and
crimes should be protected, if the image that comes to your mind is the
courageeous freedom fighter.  On the other hand, it behooves us all to
remember that "protecting criminals" also includes protecting the people
who threaten rape, murder or other violence.  It may be the case that in order to protect the "freedom fighter", we
must also strike down the laws that protect us from the "axe murderer".
But we must make this choice consciously.  It is silly and stupid of us
to be obsessed with protecting ourselves from the axe murderer, that we
we are also surpressing basic freedomes.  At the same time, however, we
must not wax over-romantic thinking about the plight of the "freedom
fighter", of the "angry young man", without remembering that there are
also some really nasty people out there.
While anonymity has its features, we would do well to acknowledge that
it also has its dark side.  That people may hide behind a remailer, and
send hateful, petting, harrassing things that they might otherwise not
say if they actually had to take personal responsibility for their
actions.   Keep in mind that part of the mystique of the "freedom
fighter", who takes on the government in his/her selfless task of
Democracy and the American Way, is his courage and his willingness to
take personal risk and personal injury in his Quest For the Right.
Would we have the same respect for a coward who evades his personal
responsibility by sending petty, hateful mail through a remailer; who
breaks laws that he/she thinks are unjust, but is unwilling to face the
consequences of breaking said laws?  Remember, a big part of civil
disobedience is the willingness to be arrested.

@_date: 1993-02-28 13:57:19
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
Date: Sat, 27 Feb 93 23:59:30 GMT
   From: tony (Tony Kidson)
   > Ah, I see you are an absolute free-speach advocate.  The problem is that
   > the line between speech and acts can be fuzzy at times, especially in
   > the world of cyperspace model.
   What you say is true, but I still think that you need to have a    substantive act,  before you can apply *legal* sanctions.  The    way to prevent threats, is, as people have said in other posts,    to prevent the reception of anonymous mail by those who do not    want to receive it.     Speech does not harm anybody.  People acting on other's speech is    what does the harm.  *Free* speech is indeed useful. It's when    widely disseminated speech is in the hands of the few that its    power can be wielded against the citizen and then it is    unhealthy.
I see.  So you don't believe in libel or slander laws.
And NBC was perfectly justified in faking an explosion in a GM truck to
show it was unsafe, and broadcast it on prime-time TV.  And it didn't do
anybody any harm at all.  Uh huh.
Try again.....

@_date: 1993-02-28 17:44:25
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Date: Sun, 28 Feb 1993 19:59-EST
   From: Marc.Ringuette
     1.  Agree on a header line which identifies all messages coming out of This would indeed be a considerate thing to do.  In the short run, the
only way a mailing list maintainer can avoid being abused by someone
twit determined to hide behind your network of maintainers is to
disallow anonymous postings altogether.
Since John Gilmore, the maintainer of the Cypherpunks mailing list, is
one of the absolute free speach advocates --- let me ask a question
directly at you:  What would you do if sometime next week, someone
decided to flood the Cypherpunks mailing list with a large amount of
trash postings, routed through different combinations of remailers?  Let
us assume that the trash is generated by grabbing varying snippets from
USENET articles, so that current AI technology is not able to
distinguish a true Cypherpunks submission from the flooded trash
postings.  What would you do?  Now let's also suppose someone does the
same thing to all of the GNU newsgroups.  What would you do then?
I ask these questions well aware that somewhere out there, some immature
twit might get an idea from this scenario, and make the above questions
less hypothetical.  :-( (Sorry for sounding so cynical, but after being a News admin at MIT for
a long time, and dealing with a lot of people suffering from severe
cases of freshmanitis, I have a less than optimistic view about human
This doesn't work.  Someone clever could easily redirect the message
through different (non-anonymous) SMTP servers before the message
entered the remailer network; this would completely defeat the volume
logging, and while the first hop would still be logged somewhere, unless
the remailer administrator reveals the input/output address mapping,
you'd still have no way to trace the message from the destination to the

@_date: 1993-02-28 19:21:00
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
I noticed that in several postings, people have made the jump that
revealing the real person (or the previous hop in a remailer chain) from
an anonymous remailer is tantamount to censorship.  I'd like to call
into question that assumption.
In many ways, I have a lot of sympathy with the Libertarian position ---
whether or not I think it would realistically work as a system of
governement is another question.  In any case, I don't like censorship
in any form.  But disclosing who sent a particular piece of anonymous
mail is not the same as censorship.  I believe in free speach, but
today, if someone violates the responsibility that goes along with free
speach --- by yelling at the top of his/her lungs at 4am in the morning,
when I am trying to sleep, or by libelling or slandering me ---- I have
legal recourse; I can call the police and have him/her arrested for
disturbing the peace, or I can sue him/her for libel or slander.
But by making anonymous remailers airtight, you are removing the
possibility for recourse, and thus removing the burden of personal
responsibility from the sender of these messages.
Perhaps there are people who believe Free Speech should be so much of an
absolute that you should be allowed to scream at the top of their lungs
at 5am in the morning in a residential area, and that libel and slander
laws shouldn't exist.  But it's not fair to call that a mainstream
position.  And it is unreasonable to assume that as an axiom.
P.S.  It is true that by revealing the identity of an user of a
remailer, you are breaching their privacy --- however, most people also
don't believe that the right to privacy is absolute.  It certainly
isn't explicitly listed in the U.S. Constitution.   While, I also
believe very strongly in a right to privacy, there are certainly times
--- for example when someone is operating under a false name to commit
fraudulent acts --- that a person's privacy should be breached.  While it is much simpler to say "the right of privacy is always supreme
over all other considerations", or "the right of free speech is supreme
over all other considerations," that is a very simplistic view which I
don't believe is very realistic.   In any case, it is certainly not
widely held.

@_date: 1993-02-28 20:39:48
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
From: ssandfort
   Date: 1 Mar 93 02:36:10 GMT
   There is only one realistic and moral solution to threats of
   violence.  Punish the perpetrators, not the messenger.  Even in
   today's world, crimes are rarely solved by wiretaps, forensic
   science or any of that.  Perps gets fingered by someone they
   know; perps confess; perps screw up and accidentally give
   themselves away; or the intended victim blows the perp's head off
   during an attempt to carry out the threat.  Again, punish the
   perpetrators, not the messengers.
I agree 1000%!!!!  But in order to punish the perpetrators, it is first
necessary to *identify* the perpetrators......

@_date: 1993-03-01 12:19:20
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
Date: Mon, 1 Mar 93 13:27:24 EST
   From: pmetzger (Perry E. Metzger)
   Now, on the issue of slander, the notion of anonymity
   is largely unimportant. If I had walked into the middle of the street and
   ranted for an hour saying that GM trucks are unsafe, that would be largely
   ignored, as most anonymous denunciations likely are. The issue is if a
   non-anonymous individual or entity with credibility, like NBC, says
   something that is false.
I don't know about that.  It is certainly true that non-anonymous
individual or entity with credibility, like NBC, can do the most amount
of damage when they slander someone.
But what about someone who sends 20 different mail messages, each
through a different remailer path so they have different reply
addresses, all of them detailing some similar (but false) story about
how some GM truck went up in flames aftering being hit lightly by a Geo
Metro?  Or suppose someone sends 20 messages (all different) about how
Perry Metzger stiffed him/her out of some amount of digital cash?  I'd
suspect you could do some real damage that way.  Not as much, perhaps,
as something like a faked demonstration tape broadcast on prime-time
evening news, but damange nevertheless.

@_date: 1993-03-01 16:39:05
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Date: Mon, 1 Mar 93 14:08:14 EST
   From: pmetzger (Perry E. Metzger)
   I think that instead you should have a less than optimistic view of the
   quality of our current netnews software. The problem you list can
   be fixed with public key cryptography and some intelligent changes.
   As another example, its easy to assure that moderated newsgroups are run
   just by the moderator -- he public key signs instead of posting with
   the "Authorized" header. Easy as pi.
And you have an over optimistic view about how fast new netnews software
could be developed and deployed.  Also, keep in mind that netnews is run
by lots of real sites, who have real assets which could be reached if
sued by RSA.
There doesn't seem to be a lot of realism in these discussions, which is
really bothering me.  Oh, well....

@_date: 1993-03-01 16:42:36
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
Date: Mon, 1 Mar 1993 15:29:12 -0800
   From: fen (Fen Labalme)
   I believe that this is the true question being asked.  I believe that in
   the not-so-far-off future there will be an immense quantity of anonymous
   traffic on the nets, and I will set my filters to ignore the large
   percentage of it (though perhaps I may want to see notes with my name in
   them, or perhaps not).
Well, unless and until this mythical "positive reputation filter" is
developped, many people may deal with this by just not allowing
anonymous traffic to be posted to Usenet (at least not via their site),
and by simply not allowing anonymous traffic on their mailing lists.
But that would be the free-market solution that everyone favors, I

@_date: 1993-03-01 20:54:18
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Date: Mon, 1 Mar 93 17:44:23 -0800
   From: hughes (Eric Hughes)
   >There doesn't seem to be a lot of realism in these discussions, which is
   >really bothering me.     What you believe to be real and what I believe to be real may be
   different.  To claim that another is being unrealistic is to mask
   what is foremost a difference in belief.
   What assumptions here do you disagree with?  If you are explicit,
   perhaps we can forge an agreement.
Well, let's see.... the most recent assumption I disagreed with was the
claim that we could implement full-fledged postive reputation filters,
complete with the use of RSA, and deploy it on the Usenet in some sort
of time-frame less than ten years out --- and even that is doubtful.
Look at how many sites are running B News, long after C news has been
out.  Anonymous remailers are here *today*.
Then there's assumption that anonymous ID's would automatically have no
weight --- they may have very little weight, but even today, they
probably have some weight.  I could probably construct some sort of NSA
conspiracy theory, and have it posted so it looked like it came from 20
different pseudonyms, and it probably would be believed by a lot of
people.  Fundamentally, however, there's the basic assumption that anarchy per se
is good; which is a basic philosophical belief which I just plain
disagree with.  I have strong Libertarian leanings, although I don't
necessarily believe in the Libertarian party --- however, complete and
total anarchy goes far beyond what I believe is a reasonable or
realistic way to run a society; that's basically a "might makes right"
form of government.  In cyberspace, most of the people on this list
would probably be listed among the mighty: we understand computers, and
cryptography, and how to use them, "much better than the average bear".
So it is not surprising that there are many on this list who think
crypto anarchy is a good thing; however, I am not convinced that this
would be a terribly just or better society than what we have now --- the
only difference which class of people would be in power.
In any case, a basic assumption which seems to permeate the arguments
made by various people on this list is that anarchy is good.  Perhaps I
am running away from an argument, but in my experience, it is rare that
an argument with a religious fanatic bears any fruit, and it seems that
there are people who such militant anarchists that futher discussion
doesn't seem to have much of a point.
How does that saying go?  "Don't bother trying to teach a pig to sing.
It just frustrates you, and annoys the pig."

@_date: 1993-03-01 21:21:58
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: more ideas on anonymity 
From: mccoy (Jim McCoy)
   Date: Mon, 1 Mar 1993 22:50:03 -0600 (CST)
   > The issue is if a
   > non-anonymous individual or entity with credibility, like NBC, says something
   > that is false.
   >    Either way, these actions are civil one, not criminal.  The U.S. government
   is extremely limited in it's ability to use prior restraint to prevent
   publication of something (although there are many ways around the existing
   protections, as many on this list will undoubtably attest to.)
You are all missing my point.  I am well aware that libel and slander
are civil actions; not criminal ones.  However, they *all* *hinge* *on*
*having* *someone* *to* *sue*.   Today, it is generally not possible to
be anonymous while broadcasting your views to a large number of people.
The closest you can get to that is at a rally, and even then, since you
are phyiscally present, there is some link between what you say and your
identity; hence, there is a certain amount of personal responsibility in
what you say publically.
Anonymous remailers completely removes this check on undisciplined free
speech; it is now possible to spout GIF images, rantings that Elvis is
alive, the fact that Jim McCoy didn't beat his wife today --- all
without any personal risk on the part of the broadcaster.  While, this
may be a feature in some cases, in other cases it is most definitely a
BUG.  If you ignore this, you are only burying your head in the sand.

@_date: 1993-03-02 06:40:17
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
Date: Mon, 1 Mar 93 10:45:32 PST
   From: memexis!tribble (E. Dean Tribble)
   I would like to separate the issues of hollering anything at 4am in
   residential areas from things like libel and slander.  Disturbing
   people with your volume independent of its content is like blasting
   white noise at damaging volume levels.  The remedies for it have
   nothing to do with speech, they have to do with disturbing the peace;
   your sound is crossing onto my property at intolerable levels.
And again, I repeat..... with anonymous remailers, you no longer have a
way to enforce said grounds of disturbing the peace ---- unless you do
things like approach the finnish authorities and ask that penet be
disconnected from the network for disturbing the peace of various Usenet

@_date: 1993-03-02 13:41:18
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
Date: Tue, 2 Mar 93 14:15:15 EST
   From: pmetzger (Perry E. Metzger)
   Of course there are ways -- and they need not be so drastic. You could,
   for instance, simply prevent non-subscribers from posting to your list,
   and use public key to verify identities. This would allow you to swiftly
   stop abuse. I've already noted this twice. You've claimed this is impractical,
   but the tools to do this, AND WITHOUT PATENT PROBLEMS, already exist and
   would be cheap to implement.
If they are so cheap to implement them, could someone please implement
them FOR THE USENET GROUPS?  (Where you don't have a concept of
subscribers or non-subscribers?)
I here lots of *talk* of how easy it is to do this, or how easy it is to
do that.  If it's so easy, why doesn't someone prove it to the rest of
us by actually doing it.   I hate to bring the Real World down upon you
guys, but talk is cheap; code sometimes isn't.

@_date: 1993-03-02 13:49:11
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
Date: Tue, 2 Mar 1993 13:36:13 -0800
   From: fen (Fen Labalme)
   Don't most news readers have "kill files" (sometimes known as "bozo
   filters")?  I definately prefer decentralized solutions.  Anyone mandating
   what I can and cannot read is slime (synonomous with censor), imo.
   I want to make that choice myself, thank you very nice.
I suppose that a kill file of something like ".* for each
of the remailers would filter out all of the anonymous kill files.  It
still would slow down everyone news reader's, though.
And as a news admin, if someone anonymous user abuses USENET by sending
large GIF's to a newsgroup, this filling up my news spool, I (and each
individual news admin) can make the individual choice to mail each
offending anonymous news posting to the postmaster  Is that what you meant by a decentralized solution?  :-)

@_date: 1993-03-02 13:58:53
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Future of anonymity (short-term vs. long-term) 
Date: Tue, 2 Mar 93 10:51:31 EST
   From: pmetzger (Perry E. Metzger)
   You aren't arguing for non-anonymity. You are arguing that free
   speech is bad. No, I am not argueing for non-anonymity.  Please stop defending your
position by putting misrepresentations in my mouth.
Believe me, I understand why anonymity has its features.  I am just
pointing out some of its bad sides, which you seem to refuse to accept
even exist.
If the only way you can defend your position is by ranting and raving
and calling me a censorship-loving Nazi, then perhaps we should just end
this discussion right here.

@_date: 1993-03-02 19:59:15
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Piercing anonymitiy and censorship 
The problem with trying to put RSA signed keys into Usenet is that it is
simply not that simple.  People aren't going to adopt the software
overnight; it will take literally years before they adopt the software.
In an earlier message, you said:
   Well, the folks running B News and C News will have to live without
   the public key extensions, and it will be their fault. The people with
   the public key extensions will have the benefits. That's just not true, and your proposed solution demonstrates that
nicely.  Until the majority of the poeple are posting signed messages,
it is not useful to tell your newsreader to nuke all non-signed
messages, as you suggested in your proposed solution --- you'd just be
throwing out the signal with the noise......  Until nearly everyone on Usenet starts using the public key extension,
we *all* will not have the benefits.  There will be no way to
distinguish the good (but unsigned messages) from the remailer abusers'
unsigned (or untrusted) messages.

@_date: 1993-03-02 20:04:57
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
Date: Tue, 2 Mar 93 13:13:25 CST     From: "DrZaphod" (ncselxsi!drzaphod
   Sender: ncselxsi!drzaphod
   > In Message Tue, 2 Mar 93 16:57:22 -0500,
   >
   >**No, I am not argueing for non-anonymity.**  Please stop defending your
   >position by putting misrepresentations in my mouth.
Sorry; typo on my part.  What I meant to say was "No, I am not arguing
that free speach is bad."  Mr. Metzger was putting words in my mouth
when claimed that I was saying that.
Anonymity and free speach are *NOT* the same thing.  As I posited in an
earlier message, which no one has yet to comment on, those two concepts
are not the same thing.  Sorry for the typo; in my outrage that he would stoop to such depths to
make his point, and what I meant to say and what I actually typed
weren't the same thing.

@_date: 1993-03-03 09:43:12
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
impossible to prohibit remailers.  However, while I don't believe in
prior restraint; but I do believe in personal responsibility.  It is
certainly true that it is possible to construct a remailer service,
using cryptography, such that it would be impossible to trace it back to
the original sender.  This class of remailer would generally not provide
a return address mapping feature, since if the remailer can generate a
return path, it can be revealed.  There are ways to make it more
difficult to reveal, but they still don't make it impossible.  So Julf's
remailer doesn't fall into this category, but ones where the input and
output mappings are destroyed immediately do.
So in this model, how can you provide personal responsibility?  Well, I
would argue that the buck should stop at the remailer site.  They are
the closest link to the chain of liability, and they have intentionally
performed measures which make it impossible find the next link in the
chain of liability.  So, let the liability rest with the remailer site!
Now, I'm not a lawyer, and as far as I know, this legal theory hasn't
been tested in a court.  So only time will tell what happens when these
remailers hit the real world.
As far as remailers like Julf's are concerned, I very much like the idea which Tim Moors suggested --- which is to have some method which the
identity between the input and output address could be revealed.  This
provides general anonymity, but one that can be breached when someone
has abused that anonymity, as convicted by a jury of their peers.
Perhaps the way this could be reflected into the "real world" legal
system is that remailers which do keep a mapping between input and
output addresses, and which are willing to reveal them under appropriate
circumstances, would be exempt from being held liable for what comes out
of their remailer.
Perhaps these are not the right sets of tools to be used to provide some
sort of controls over remailers so that the negative effects of these
remailers can be controlled.  But it is our responsibility to consider
them, and not just pretend they don't exist.   I hope we don't have the
attitude of "Vonce the rockets go up, who cares vere they come down?
That's not my department....."

@_date: 1993-03-03 13:28:39
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
Date: Wed, 3 Mar 93 11:39:32 -0800
   From: hughes (Eric Hughes)
   >So in this model, how can you provide personal responsibility?  Well, I
   >would argue that the buck should stop at the remailer site.  They are
   >the closest link to the chain of liability, and they have intentionally
   >performed measures which make it impossible find the next link in the
   >chain of liability.  So, let the liability rest with the remailer site!
   I interpret you to mean that it is not personal responsibility for
   speech that you want, but the existence of someone to sue.
Sorry for not being clear; I was merely speculating on how the Real
World might react to the presense of remailers.  I actually think this
might be a reasonable response, and perhaps even a likely one.
Let's cast this into a physical world example.  Suppose someone has
developed a system which will allow someone to broadcast, over a
bullhorn, at 150db, in your neighborhood.  Suppose further that said
system will allow anybody to broadcast over that source, at either free
or at 10 cents a minute, in such a way that it is impossible to track
down the source.  Now suppose that this bullhorn (which is located on
private property) starts spewing announcements and other people
exercising their right of free speach, at all hours of the day and
Now, then, let us explore the this example.  In this example, is it
reasonable to presume that it is each individual houseowner's
responsibility to put up soundproofing, to protect themselves from
unwanted noise?  If so, why?  Why not?  And if the people of the
neighborhood decided to get together and sue someone, who would be the
likeliest target?
Does this example apply to the remailer issue?  Well, their are
certainly examples that go both ways.  For example, if you receive junk
mail, you just throw it out.  On the other hand, if you receive crank
calls, you are entitled to call your phone company, and they will make
an attempt track down the crank caller and turn over his identity to the
police, with the charge of harassment.
   Now, you haven't directly stated that you think that strong anonymity
   shouldn't exist.  If this is what you think, plase say so directly.
   You can then make whatever argument you wish to support this position,
   but I, for one, would like to argue against clearly stated positions.
Whether or not it "shouldn't exist" is somewhat irrelevant, don't you
think?  If people really want to put them up, they're going to exist.
In retrospect, it was a mistake for me to point out that it might be a
bad idea to make that sort of services available, since I doubt any of
the anonymity salwarts have been listening to me anyway.  (It sometimes
certainly as seemed like no one has really be listening to me, as some
of the accusations of my being a censorship lover and being associated
with some evil cabal (tm) seem to attest.)  Some of my less than
thoughtful outbursts were caused by my exasperation at how people were
obviously not listening, and who were responding by name-calling and
arguments that were completely beside the point.  I apologize for those
In any case, I don't believe the benefits of strong anonymity are worth
the negative consequences, and that most of the benfits of strong
anonymity are also provided by weak anonymity.  Hopefully, if strong
anonymity does have the bad effects I fear, there will be ways for our
society to correct for them --- for example, holding the administrators
of the remailers liable for the damage caused by the remailers.  This
may not be the case, given things like international boundaries.  But it
is probably unproductive to argue about whether or not this will or will
not happen.  Time alone will tell.
One can pass legislation proclaiming this to be the case; legislation
has been passed declaring PI to be 3.  The question is whether or not
this is a really a true statement the way the human mind works in
general.  While tort law often seems to bear little or no resemblence to
the outside world, it is supposed to based on the real world.
This is why when someone is suing someone else for Libel, English Common
Law states that you have meet three standards: (a) the statements must be
false, (b) the speaker must have know the statements were false, and
spoke them with malicious intent, and (c) real damages were incurred.
(And that is what the plaintiff is sueing to recover for.)
If what you say is true, that human beings have a presumption against
believing statements made anonymously, then test (c) will fail
automatically; no real damage would have occurred.  In this case, the
legislation is simply not needed.  On the other hand, if it is true that people will believe statements
made anonymously, and so real damage can be done as a result, then the
person who has been wronged should have every right to obtain
compensation for those damages.  That's what the tort system is all

@_date: 1993-03-03 20:28:12
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
Date: Wed, 3 Mar 93 16:02:00 -0800
   From: hughes (Eric Hughes)
   A communications network, however, is an artifact, _i.e._ an object
   created by design and technology.  As such it has no status as commons
   unless the owners agree to grant it such.  One might argue that the
   aggregate actions of backbone sites create such a commons.  Granted,
   but the fact remains that the transmission of data in a particular way
   or in a particular form or structure is not fundamental to the medium.
   Like any other artifact, it can be changed.
True, like any other artifact, it can be changed.  But then again,
someone could try to change the status of sound as a "commons" as well.
Perhaps the real problem is that there are a large number of people who
are currently using mailing lists and Usenet newsgroups with the
expectation that there are currently existing controls on the
signal-to-noise levels and protection against mail bombs, which are
being enforced by simple standards of personal (or at worse, site)
accountability.  So in affect, the common usage of these colections of
sites has created a "commons" which you are proposing to take away.
As an artifact, certainly that can be changed; and you are proposing
that we change them.  But then, who should bear the cost of this change?
To bring this back to the house/anonymous bull horn analogy, that would
be like deciding cease considering sound (or rather lack of sound) a
commons, and expecting each home owner, who up until now enjoyed the
relative peace and quiet of their neighborhood, to pay the cost of
losing their sightlines, and needing to put up expensive shielding.
Maybe there are good, sound, policy reasons for making this change.  But
out of fairness, one would think that the agents of change should be
prepared to bear some of cost of that change.  Without that, the
homeowners will not be bought into such a change, and you can hardly
blame them for resisting.  Wouldn't you, in similar situations?
   And again, no one requires a carrier to carry anonymous messages.
   Practically speaking, you might easily end up with a situation like
   the alt.* hierarchy, where only certain subnets agree to exchange
   anonymous traffic.  I suspect this is inevitable in the short term.
Well, this really can only happen if a carrier can easily distinguish
anonymous messages from non-anonymous messages.  Out of fairness, I
would argue for putting in a standard header which clearly labels a
message as being anonymous, so that carriers can have the choice of
whether or not they want to carry that message.  Given the earlier
discussion of doing filtering at the server level, this seems to fit
right in.
   >On the other hand, if you receive crank
   >calls, you are entitled to call your phone company, and they will make
   >an attempt track down the crank caller and turn over his identity to the
   >police, with the charge of harassment.
   But the phone company is not held liable when the call was made from a
   pay phone.
True; but the phone company is a common carrier.  The networks today
aren't.  This could be changed by legislation, and that's something I
would support, for networks.  However, I doubt that such legislation
would actually extend as far as protecting hosts on a network, such as
remailer sites.  It might happen, but it would definitely be a much
harder sell.
   >On the other hand, if it is true that people will believe statements
   >made anonymously, and so real damage can be done as a result, then the
   >person who has been wronged should have every right to obtain
   >compensation for those damages.     Your statement begs the question of whether anonymous speech can
   cause "real damage."  I will leave this to another discussion.
You misunderstand my argument.  My argument is that if anonymous speech
doesn't cause "real damage", then your proposed legislation isn't
necessary, since real damage is a requirement for a successful libel
action.  On the other hand, if it does cause "real damage", then your
proposed legislation would prevent someone who had been damaged from
obtaining redress.  So I would argue that such legislation would be bad
public policy.

@_date: 1993-03-04 05:56:13
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
From: honey (Peter Honeyman)
   Date: Wed, 3 Mar 93 21:22:27 EST
       prior restraint; but I do believe in personal responsibility ...
       ... in this model, how can you provide personal responsibility?     ted, when you say you favor personal responsibility, do you mean
   "i am in favor of people acting responsibly," which i take to be the
   sense of the first quote, or do you mean "i want there to be a way to
   hold people responsible for their actions," which i take to be the
   meaning of the second?
Yes, I mean the second interpretation; what generally tends to happen is
that without the second, generally the first deteriorates over time.
And "holding somone responsible for their actions" doesn't necessarilly
mean throwing someone in jail, or sueing them for lots of money --- it
can be as simple as their knowing that what they say can be traced back
to them, and their own personal credibility is on the line.  (As opposed
to some pseudonym's credibility, which can always be discarded and a new
one requested.)

@_date: 1993-03-04 07:40:37
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Encrypted voice protocol? 
People may find this very interesting.....  the Pro Audio Spectrum 16
soundboard can play and record sound at the same time; as far as I know,
this is the only commercially available board on the market that will do
this.  (Commercially available is important, because it means that
people would be able to purchase said board cheaply, or perhaps
alreadydy have.)
So for roughly $200 US, and a little software, it should be possible to
put together something that would do encrypted voice communications over
the network.  Is there any interest in developing some sort of standard
protocol and software to do encrypted, compressed voice communications
over TCP/IP?  I can think some obvious design constraints right away; it should be
device independent, which means it needs to be able to support multiple
sampling rates, and negotiate sampling rates, in case one side as a
limited range of sampling rates to choose from.  It should support both
multiple private and public key encryption algorithms, as well as
multiple choicese of compression technologies.  We'd probably want to
have a core set of algorithms that everyone would be expected to
support, for the sake of interoperability, and allow for people to
experment with more powerful encryption/compression techniquese.
And finally, for obvious reasons, at least one implementation should be
developed in a non-COCOM country.  :-)
Is this something that people would be interested in working on?
------- Forwarded Message
Reply-To: "Linux-Activists" X-Note1: Remember to put 'X-Mn-Key: SOUND' to your mail body or header
Sender: owner-linux-activists
Hi folks,
There is a very early testing version of the GUS
(Gravis Ultrasound) driver available at
klingon.epas.utoronto.ca (the GUS archive site) in
directory pub/pc/ultrasound/submit.
This version contains a simple API which makes it possible to write
applications for GUS under Linux. Since there is no such applications
yet, this is just a hacker's release. *** This is just a pre pre pre alpha version. I will release an official
version after a couple of months. The official and supported version is
1.0 which you propably have already ***
Additionally this version contains some changes for SB and PAS users. It
is for example possible to record and play at the same time with PAS16 (there is a new devicefile (/dev/dsp1 (minor 19)), whic is connected to
the SB DSP emulator of PAS.
------- End Forwarded Message

@_date: 1993-03-04 07:57:30
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
From: honey (Peter Honeyman)
   Date: Thu, 4 Mar 93 09:49:10 EST
       Date: Thu, 4 Mar 93 08:54:56 -0500
       From: tytso (Theodore Ts'o)
       And "holding somone responsible for their actions" doesn't necessarilly
       mean throwing someone in jail, or sueing them for lots of money --- it
       can be as simple as their knowing that what they say can be traced back
       to them, and their own personal credibility is on the line.     ted, do you think today's nets offer this assurance?  i certainly do not.
Not completely, no.  But to a certain extent, yes.  It is generally much
more difficult to get a new account on a (same or differemt) computer
system, then it is to get a new pseudonym assigned to you by a remailer,
or to generate a new public/private key pair.  So if you drag your email
identity through the mud, you are damaging yourself.  If today's nets
did not have this characteristic, why are people building remailers in
the first place?!?  The answer, of course, is that they do have this
effect. And, of course, if someone is truely abusive --- or perhaps isn't being
intentially malicious, but by accident started a mail loop of some kind,
perhaps involving a buggy vacation program --- you can always send mail
to the postmaster of his/her site.
There are definitely controls on undesireable behavior (whether
intentional or non-intentional) which get lost when you move to a
remailer based system.

@_date: 1993-03-04 10:26:19
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
From: honey (Peter Honeyman)
   Date: Thu, 4 Mar 93 11:03:53 EST
   ted, i think that with just a little of the right technical stuff, it is
   very easy to establish a nym in today's nets.  e.g., if you buy a cheap
   unix box, it comes with uucp, so you can hook up to one of many anonymous
   uucp sites.
   that's easy.
Buying a unix box and finding a UUCP connection is still a lot more
effort than getting a new anonymous remailer pseudomnym.  It certainly
costs a lot more money!  And if you continuously mailbomb someone, the
victim still has the (somewhat tenuous) recourse of asking the upstream
uucp site to cut off the miscreant.
There are controls to reduce how much someone can abuse the network.
   i know of several slip/ppp endpoints that aren't password protected.  more
   every day, in fact.
   that's easy.
And if those endpoints were abused, the owners of said endpoints would
probably clamp down and protect them.  (If they're used too much, they'd
probably clamp down anyway, since presumably they didn't pay good money
for those resources to give them away free to anyone who can dail up to
There are controls to reduce how much someone can abuse the network.
You seem to be proposing that all such controls be removed.

@_date: 1993-03-05 13:27:31
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: You Aren't [I'm Not] 
Date: Fri, 5 Mar 93 12:41:24 -0800
   From: hughes (Eric Hughes)
   Existing controls on the signal-to-noise ratio?
   Yet this upper bound is ineffectual.  Let us take the widely used
   analogy of Usenet as a sewer.  Reading Usenet is like wading chest
   high through the muck.  But am I reassured that there is an overflow
   valve so that it never gets past my chin?  Hardly at all.  I won't
   drown, to be sure; what a _slight_ comfort.  Touche'.  Granted, the signal-to-noise ratio on Usenet varies widely.
However, some groups still are able to function quite well, although
perhaps not as well as they could in an ideal world.  Just because they
aren't working perfectly isn't an excuse to break them completely, or at
least until this mythical positive reputation technology is implemented,
debugged, and deployed on the all over Usenet.
As far as the sewer analogy goes, what you are trying to do is to remove
the overflow valve *now*, while not providing the drain to actually
drain out all of the muck.  While there has been some prototype designs
which have been thrown about, I have yet to hear a coherent, realistic
plan for how it could be installed on all or most of the Usenet servers
and readers *today*.
   I had thought that we had pretty clearly established that attacks on a
   system of content and of volume were of different natures.  Lack of
   robustness in mail software makes a mailbomb possible, not lack of
   accountability.
However, this mail software is deployed all over the world, and is not
going to change anytime soon.  And again, I have yet to see a coherent
and realistic protocol that will be able to screen out mailbombs while
leaving "only the good stuff" on the SMTP layer --- let alone an
implementation of the same.     >Maybe there are good, sound, policy reasons for making this change.  But
   >out of fairness, one would think that the agents of change should be
   >prepared to bear some of cost of that change.     Were there silence before in the neighborhood, I would agree.  There may not have been silence, but nevertheless, if the agents of
change are going to increase the average sound level by 50db, it is
unreasonable to assume that the people who will suffer from this noise
increase, and who will have to go out of their way to implement
soundproofing, etc. are going to sit back passively and let you screw
   You can't protect the network unless you *do* protect individual
   sites.  The network as a whole is not a legal entity, only the
   companies and individuals that run them are.
Sure you can; you can protect regional and national networks such as
NEARnet, by making them common carriers.  I think that would be a fine
idea!  However, that does not mean that people who connect to that
network should then be also protected.  In the same way, just because
Nynex is a common carrier, it doesn't and shouldn't mean that anyone who
uses Nynex to place a call is similarily protected from legal liability.
If you cause someone damage by your speech, and you maliciously did so
knowing that your speech was false, the person you harmed should be able
to recover damages from you, whether it is done over the phone or done
over a TCP/IP network.

@_date: 1993-03-05 15:21:48
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Encrypted voice protocol? 
Date: Fri,  5 Mar 1993 03:51:59 -0500
   From: strat (Bob Stratton)
   I don't know how many of you are at sites on the MBONE, or multicast    backbone. There are already a few pieces of code out there for    experimentation with transmission of audio and video information, in a    variety of forms/encoding, and probably the most widely used tool,
   "vat - the  Visual Audio Tool", already has provisions for carrying
   on encrypted audio teleconferences via IP.  In fact, it's as simple
   as typing a key into a field, and the tool will DES en/decrypt the
   conference.  That's a good start!  Now all we need something which is a bit more
general in its selection of the asymmetric encryption algorithm, and
something which does public key for authentication and protection of the
assymetric session key.

@_date: 1993-03-05 15:37:17
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: ANON POLICY: was I`m not 
From: kelly (Kelly Goen)
   Date: Fri, 5 Mar 93 14:49:20 PST
    Fortunately... Libel is a totally ineffectual law for attempting
   to impose the kinds of censorship that Ted seems to be espousing.
   Libel and slander laws are OFTEN used by the powers that be
   (governmental, corporate etc) to silence the oppostion in
   matters of human rights, ecology etc...
There's a good reason for that.  The reason why Libel exists is not to
impose censorship!  The powers that be may *abuse* libel and slander laws in attempt to
silence The Opposition, but the mere potential for abuse isn't grounds
to say that those laws shouldn't exist.  If you do make that argument,
then by the same token, *remailers* shouldn't exist because of their
potential for abuse.  :-)

@_date: 1993-03-11 21:55:35
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: [CRYPT: Dingaling Denning & random # generators] 
From: thug (Murdering Thug)
   Date: Thu, 11 Mar 93 21:49:43 EST
   And don't tell me they can
   build computers that can distinguish between a PGP file transmission
   and some    hormone crazed 15 year old dork downloading the latest GIF of Cindy Crawford
   or a ZIPed ware.  I've looked at hexdumps of GIFs and ZIPs and for all
   practical purposes they look about as random as PGP data.  If the NSA
   can build a parellel computer that scans all the trunks in the U.S.
   simultaneously AND can tell the difference between PGP streams and ZIP/GIF
   file data streams, then I just might as well go and shoot myself right
   now.
Er.... you might want to get your gun out..... the middle of hexdumps of
GIF's and ZIP's and PGP files may look the same, but the file headers
are quite distinguishing.  If you want to hide encrypted data, each
person needs to find their own way of doing it ---- if everyone hides it
in the low bits of a GIF file, it would be very simple for the NSA to
scan GIF files to see if the low bits looked like the header of a PGP

@_date: 1993-03-12 10:39:17
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpricks think they're cool [FLAME] 
Date: Fri, 12 Mar 1993 12:56:02 -0500
   From: uri
    ON
   [ Rest of flame deleted.]
What I don't understand is, why are people complaining?  We're just
seeing people exercise their sacred right to free speech..... all over
this mailing list.  After all, isn't this what you were working towards?
So now that this group is getting a taste of free speech, why do we see
people sending mail to system administrators, asking that certain people
be censured for sending messages to this mailing list?  Not too long
ago, people were saying that censuring people for their speech, even
after the fact, was tantamount to censorship!
It seems just a little hypocritical to me, given the strong and sprited
defense of anonymous remailers just a week or two ago.....

@_date: 1993-03-12 18:01:22
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks know they're cool 
Date: Fri, 12 Mar 1993 15:07-EST
   From: Marc.Ringuette
   What these solutions have in common is that we ask people to protect
   themselves, rather than requiring everyone else to adhere to their
   notions of good behavior.
Hmm..... how is this alike, and how is this different, from a hardliner
NRA saying, "We should ask people to protect themselves by wearing
bulletproof vests, instead of trying to ban guns"?
   Which brings to mind the potential problem that 99% of everybody
   may choose to participate exclusively in "real person only" groups.
   Any hints at a solution to that one?  How about if we try to    convince people to participate in "pay as you go" groups using
   digital postage?  That would solve many of the problems, in a way
   that is less offensive to the freedom-loving among us.
Carrying the above metaphor further, is it really a problem if 99% of
everybody chooses to live in firefight-free zones, so that they don't
have to wear bullet-proof vests?  And is saying that, "O.K, we'll make
people pay for bullets" really going to help?  It just restricts the
people who can fire bullets (or write large amounts of anonymous
postings) to those who have lots o' cash.
As long as we are really being freedom-loving, there's nothing we can do
(or should _want_ to do) to get people to attend groups that allow
anonymous posters, if they only want to travel in "real person only"
circles.  If they've made a choice not to want to read anonymous
postings (perhaps by installing a filter which deletes all anonymous
postings unread), how is this a "problem"?

@_date: 1993-03-12 22:13:25
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks know they're cool 
Date: Fri, 12 Mar 1993 21:18-EST
   From: Marc.Ringuette
   > Hmm..... how is this alike, and how is this different, from a hardliner
   > NRA saying, "We should ask people to protect themselves by wearing
   > bulletproof vests, instead of trying to ban guns"?
   Ted, please don't be a bonehead on purpose.  I bet you can see the
   difference between some bits coming down a wire and a bullet coming
   at you at 1000 feet per second.  It has to do with the level of threat
   and the feasibility of protecting yourself.
I'm not being a bonehead; this is a serious question!  I was drawing an
analogy; of course bits and bullets are different!  What is the same is
the philosophy of "the initiator can do know wrong"; i"it's always the
receivers' problems."  I am merely pointing out that your philosophy of: is dangerously close, if not identical to "if the victim gets hurts it
his/her fault (for not protecting him/her-self)".  This logic obviously
does not work for rape; whether or not someone protects herself, there
are standards of conduct which say that rape is still a bad thing.  The question is whether or not there are similar standards of conduct
for cyberspace --- "community standards" or not.

@_date: 1993-03-15 20:32:03
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Community standards for email anonymity 
Date: Sun, 14 Mar 1993 03:27-EST
   From: Marc.Ringuette
    Allow anonymous posting       Use software to           Forbid all
    in all newsgroups; use        allow anonymity in        anonymous posting.
    information filters.          some groups only.         Handle volume bombs by                Track down volume bombs
    using digital postage and             and disconnect the offender.
    information filters.                   There's only one problem.... information filters and digital postage are
not widely available right now, and will probably not be widely used for
a long time.  And while digital postage sounds nice, as long as once
remailer site doesn't require digital postage, twits will still be able
to perform volume bombs.
So until the majority of the people reading USENET have the means of
self-protection, is it unreasonable to that people get protected via
some set of rules?  You say that what you suggesting is a "Libertarian standard"; yet even
the most rabid Libertarians believe in having rules against murder, and
violence, instead of claiming that everyone must train themselves in
martial arts so they can defend themselves.....

@_date: 1993-03-26 08:45:18
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity, accountability, and control 
From: greg (Greg Broiles)
   Date: Fri, 26 Mar 93 01:14:00 PST
   I've got my net access becuase I pay UUNET roughly $50/month for
   it - and I get my own domain name, with as many hosts (and as many users
   on those hosts) as I care to set up......
   It's this slippery notion of 'accountability' that is perhaps at the
   root of this 'anonymity' problem - the idea that there's gonna be some
   hell to pay if somebody writes to 'postmaster and
   complains about Chris Jones. The fact is, you can mail to
   'postmaster and whine all you like, it's just another
   alias for the same damn person (me). I think there are going to be
   more & more people like me in the future - I *am* my boss,
   the postmaster, and the sysadmin - and if people don't like what I do or
   say on the net, that's just too damn bad.
Well, there is still *some* accountability --- if you do something
really wretched, and someone complains to UUNET, won't UUNET at least
tell that person who is paying for that link, and if you do something
really egregious, and UUNET gets enough complaints, will UUNET shut you
I suspect that it would take something really serious to cause UUNET to
shut you down --- for example, if you started sending child porn, which
might enable the Feds to seize *UUNET*'s computers --- but there is
still some limited amount of accountability, and potential retribution
if you do something which enough people considers is wrong.
If we lived in a world where it was easy to filter out anonymous {mail,
news}, and the anonymous poster had to *pay* for each octet of {mail,
news} that he/she posted, then I suspect that a lot of objections to
Anonymous mail and news would die down.  Many people have said this
repeatedly, and I agree with them.
Unfortunately, we do not live in such a world now, and pretending that
we are in such a world (by answering people's complaints with promises
of vaporware) is just going to make enemies.  But by working towards
such a world, so that people can get all of the benefits of anonymity
without forcing *other* people to pay the costs of anonymity --- that is
certainly something which should be applauded.

@_date: 1993-03-26 12:53:13
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous Corollary... 
Date: Fri, 26 Mar 1993 14:08:05 -0500
   From: pcw (Peter Wayner)
   The point: the government has a relentless desire to document
   and assign accountability for everything. It's bred in their
   bones. Even the President can avoid it. There is an interesting quote reportedly made by Stephen Wolfe, head of
the NSF, when someone was amazed about the incredible inefficiency of
some of the government purchasing procedures ---- ``The people don't
want efficient goverment; they want an accountable government --- and
there's a difference.''
Given the distrust voiced by many people when Dr. Demming's proposal was
brought forth, anonymity is probably a bad thing when it comes to
goverment officials performing official actions in the line of duty.
Given how petty, vicious, and evil (tm) government bureaucrats are(*), it's
probably a good thing that they have to be held strictly accountable for
everything they do, and for all of that to be documented.  Would you
like to give all sorts of powers to the likes of Ollie North, and then
give them license to work anonymously?
Now, this line of reasoning only applies to government officials ---
what standards should apply to private citizens are of course completely
different.  In the case of Hillary's Health Care Committee, it isn't
clear whether or not the names listed were merely private citizens
giving "testimony" or "evidence" to feed into the process as input, or
whether they're people who are making policy decisions.  If they're
people making policy decisions, even if they are not officially
governmente employees, the Wall Street Journal's decision to publish
their names is emminently justifiable.  The last thing a democracy needs
is a secret cabal making all the decisions in a back room.
(*) or at least how evil(tm) it is widely believed them to be....

@_date: 1993-03-26 13:04:15
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Anonymity, accountability, and control 
From: mccoy (Jim McCoy)
   Date: Fri, 26 Mar 1993 11:54:39 -0600 (CST)
   I believe that UUNET has applied for and received common carrier status, in
   which case they are not responsible for thier traffic and cannot make any
   judgement calls regarding the traffic coming from a particular site.  It is
   kind of like the phone company; they may not approve of the 976-BABE
   numbers, but as long as those operations do not break the law there is
   nothing the phone company can do about them no matter how many complaints
   they may receive.
"common carrier" status only had a specific meaning for telephone
companies, and also meant as a side effect that they had to regulated by
the FCC.  I was not aware that "common carrier" status had any meaning
in the computer networking arena, since no regulatory agency would have
the right to receive applications and grant common carrier status,
unless a law were specifically passed by Congress or perhaps some action
resulting from a Federal court decision.
carrier" but that this has yet to be tested in court?
certainly have a lot of implications towards providing free speech on
computer nets, and I'd love to have a real lawyer's perspective on this
--- as opposed to the perspective of millions of people who merely play
one on USENET.  :-)

@_date: 1993-04-29 08:33:35
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Tough Choices: PGP vs. RSA Data Security 
Date: Wed, 28 Apr 93 14:36:04 GMT
   From: svp (Sy Verpunc)
   Reply-To: cypherpunks
   Thats what people have *always wanted* to do.  RSA won't let them.  That's
   why any talk of a newer friendlier Bizdos is bullshit.
Have you actually tried?
Several people from RSA, including Bidzos at the last Cypherpunks
meeting at Mountain View (I wasn't there, but take a look at the meeting
"minutes"), have stated repeatedly that if someone were to ask for
permission to use the internal interfaces of RSAREF in order to write a
PGP-compatible program, they would grant permission.
However, as of two weeks ago, *NOT* *A* *SINGLE* *PERSON* *HAS* *ASKED*.
To those of you who have repeatedly said "Cypherpunks write code" (and I
applaud that attitude), consider this a challenge.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-14 23:01:33
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler abuse again 
Date: Mon, 14 Feb 94 20:56:31 -0800
   From: hughes (Eric Hughes)
   B. usenet abuse
   The automatic broadcast property of Usenet is profoundly broken for
   the long run, since there is no upper bound on the amount of resources
   required.  More immediately, this property also requires a 100%
   completely distributed salience filter in all the posters for
   newsgroup topicality to hold, that is, everybody has to stay on topic,
   no exceptions.  Please.
I've tried this argument before, but people weren't willing to believe
it back then.  Maybe people will listen now.  Reread the above paragraph,
and then read the following:
"This practice of people wandering about outside without bullet-proof
vests is profoundly broken for the long run.  This property also
requires a 100% completely distributed responsibility of citizens not to
go on a shooting spree."
Yes, computer systems should be made more secure.  I am quite sure that
Usenet will never be made secure; it is much more likely that someone
will create a new, better system which might eventually replace Usenet,
but the fundamental model of Usenet requires its insecurities, and
that's not going to change without massive, global software upgrades all
over the Usenet.  That's not going to happen any time soon.  In the
meantime, there's a certain thing known as community responsibility,
which rabid individualists may or may not choose to recognize.
   In the long run, Usenet will have to move to some method of
   distributed moderation before widespread distribution.  Since salience
   is determined by humans, humans will have to read messages before
   transmission.  The scale of distribution may be wide.  One path of
   development in support of remailers, therefore, has nothing to do with
   remailers as such but rather with the re-creation of the public forum
   which is suitable for anonymity.
In the long run, someone will have to come up with a replacement for
Usenet, that's actually *secure*.  And while they're at it, they can fix
some other long-standing deficiencies with Usenet, as well.
   In the short run, anonymous mail should not be posted to newsgroups by
   parties unwilling to take the heat, both external flames and internal
   guilt.  The operators of remailers who don't wish this should acquire
   lists of known mail-to-news gateways and then filter.  The rest of the
   operators may wish to install their own gateways in the remailer as
   Eric Hollander has done.
In the short run, there's such a thing as net.responsibility (for those
remailer operators capable of feeling internal guilt on this issue).
And if that's not enough, there's the kiddy porn issue --- that's
probably the easiest way to shut a remailer down.  Heck, you don't even need to involve the Usenet.  Just simply send a
uuencoded GIF file containing kiddy porn through a remailer chain, and
point it at president  Then sit back and wait for the
last remailer in the chain to receive a visit from the secret service
Lance is, unfortunately, pointing out some huge, gaping holes in the
current architecture of the Cypherpunks remailers.  It would be good if
they were fixed ASAP.

@_date: 1994-02-15 11:01:42
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler abuse again 
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 94 07:47:29 -0800
   From: hughes (Eric Hughes)
   I desire the public forum.  I desire anonymous speech.  I desire
   pseudonymous persons.  Usenet does not allow these simultaneously,
   therefore it is broken for me.  Therefore I desire usenet as it is
   constituted now to die...
I admire your honesty; a lot of cypherpunks weren't willing to say this
the last time we had this flame war.
I desire that Usenet live for now, because even though it does not
provide simulatneously the features of public forum and anonymous
speach, it does solve the public forum problem relatively well, and as
such, is providing a certain amount of societal good to the world.
If we want both, then we should design and implement a system that has
both.  It doesn't necessarily follow that it's all constructive to tear
down an institution that does what it was designed to do well, and but unfortunately doesn't happen meet your new requirements.  Build the new
and better system first, before trying to tear down the old one.

@_date: 1994-02-15 13:14:17
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: The Difficulty of Source Level Blocking 
From: tcmay (Timothy C. May)
   Date: Tue, 15 Feb 1994 11:38:54 -0800 (PST)
   It's broken in the larger sense that Eric mentioned: costs are not
   incurred by posters. This is not just a problem with remailers, but
   with the growing numbers of "Make.Money.Fast" and "Allah is Coming!"
   sorts of posts. Think about it.
I've heard this assertion made a large number of times --- that if the
poster had to pay for the cost of a posting, that all of our problems
would go away (or at least a lot of them would).
I'm not convinced they would; perhaps it is time to start exploring this
assumption.  Digital postage solves the problem that it becomes
expensive for someone to flood a mailing list or a newsgroup with 10,000
annoying messages.  But all it does is disenfranchise the poor; the rich
would still be able to make themselves a nuisance.  How do you defend
against someone like Detweiler if he has the resources of a Donald
Trump, or a Bill Gates?
Also, how much do you charge?  For example, Detweiler's Blacknet posting
only went to some 20-odd newsgroups, and yet it was able to do a lot of
damage.  If you charge $1 a message, then for a mere $20, he was able to
cause a lot of damage and consternation on the net.  If you start
charging $10 a message or more, legitimate users will be hurt, since
they will now have to pay this large amount of money.  And in the long
run, it still doesn't work, since Detweiler wasn't even being very
efficient.  For example, he could have sent a GIF image containing kiddy
porn or bondage pictures to soc.women; then the sh*t would have really
hit the fan.  A single message can do quite a lot of damage.
Digital postage alone does not solve the accountability problem.

@_date: 1994-02-15 13:51:43
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: The Difficulty of Source Level Blocking 
From: tcmay (Timothy C. May)
   Date: Tue, 15 Feb 1994 13:25:11 -0800 (PST)
   And part of the problem lies in Usenet itself, as we have been
   discussing. The "broadcast" model, without any form of postage along
   the way, means that any message can in principle be sent to thousands
   of sites (though dial-in users are of couse not obligated to read
   these posts, and hence don't have to incur expenses).    Long range, Usenet will likely be restructured in some way so that
   users choose what they wish to receive.
OK, well, at least I understand how digital postage would work,
technically.  But it sounds like we all agree that it's not enough.
If we assume that Usenet is "broken", how do we fix it?  Considering how
many users there are (which must be at least one or two orders of
magnitude more than there are of the thousands of news sites), how do
you efficiently get articles only to the users who want them, and no
others.  And heck, how do you even have the users *describe* which
postings they want?  In some ways, rec.pets.birds is a rough description
of what they want, by common consensus.  The problem is that there's no
enforcement on it, so anyone can become Detweilered.
And if you do have to send your filter out across the network, there are
obvious privacy implications as well --- it's one of the reasons why
Usenet's flooding algorithm is somewhat useful.  Users at MIT can read
alt.sex.bondage without needing to send their identity out on the global
network (and we *DON'T* keep logs on our news server!).
For this reason, ``your long range solution'' has a lot of very tough
technical challenges hiding behind it!!!
Instead of just hearing people say that "Usenet is broken", I'd love to
hear about some suggestions about how to re-architect it, at a real
technical level.  "Cypherpunks write code" --- well, it sounds like
there's a really big and interesting problem here.

@_date: 1994-02-15 14:21:44
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: The Difficulty of Source Level Blocking 
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 94 12:59:55 -0800
   From: hughes (Eric Hughes)
   As I recently argued, the problem is not individual disrupters but
   salience in general.
I agree; this is indeed the problem.  And when we try to sell the
moderation software to individual groups, it should be sold as solving
the salience problem --- and that it solves the individual anonymous
disrupter as only side effect.
The way I'd design this service is that the newsgroup would be
moderated, and so postings would be mailed to a central site.  The
moderation group would have to have internet access, and would connect
to the central site using a client program.  The client program would
display the message to the moderator, and then the moderator would have
a chance to give a "thumbs up", "thumbs down", "abstain", or "decide
later" vote.  The software on the central site would send out the
message after the threshold number of moderators had approved the
message, or would kill it after the threshold number of moderators had
given it the thumbs down.  Of course, with something like this you'd
want to make sure authentication was done right --- which in this case,
probably means using a password-based challenge-response authentication
Note that this proposed solution does not solve a lot of problems.  It
does not solve the moderation selection problem.  (The moderation group
can not be left wide open; otherwise a Detweiler could approve his own
postings.)  It does not solve the "forge a faked approved: header"
attack.  Yet for the problems it does solve, it would probably be a good
P.S.  Wow, a productive, constructive, relatively flame-free discussion
on cypherpunks!  I was beginning to think it wasn't really possible.  :-)

@_date: 1994-02-15 18:59:47
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: The Difficulty of Source Level Blocking 
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 94 17:11:34 -0800
   From: hughes (Eric Hughes)
   To summarize the specifics of Ted's proposal:
     1. mail to a central site is accessed by internet client
     2. moderators vote +/-/0/not now
     3. threshold weighting + and -
     4. selection of moderators left open
     5. security of approved header left open
   I had thought of using email to distribute articles to the moderator,
   but one might just as easily use NNTP.  The modified newsreader could
   be pointed at the restricted-to-moderators NNTP site.  NNTP might not
   even need extension, if the existing authentication procedures can be
   hacked to work.  Votes/ratings can be in the form of articles posted
   to a .votes or .ratings group.
I wouldn't do it that way.  There's too much overhead involved in
talking to the .votes or .ratings group.  I'd instead extend the NNTP
protocol with a "XVOTE" command, which can take the arguments "yes" or
"no"; this way, the server code is much simpler.  The client code won't
be that bad --- it would be pretty easy to modify gnus to do the right
thing.  It will be important to have real authentication to that central
site, though; password stealing is all too common these days.
   Later protocols could be developed to get rid of the hazards of single
   central sites.  This central site is only for each newsgroup, though,
   not the whole system.
I wouldn't worry about the "hazards of the single central server" for
quite a while, precisely because it is only for each newsgroup.  I'd
imagine that the number of people that would be moderating a newsgroup
would be relatively small.
   I wouldn't worry about forged Approved: headers right now.  That bit
   of usenet will take major public key surgery to fix.  I don't think it
   will happen until the RSA patents expire.
Actually, it might not be that hard to fix.  Consider an additional
header line which contains the signature of selected header fields (say,
the message-id, the date, the from field, and the subject).  I doubt
that a news systems would ever verify the signature while they are
accepting mail --- that would slow down the news throughput
unacceptablely throughout the system --- but one can imagine an
"auto-cancellation" system installed on a few key sites that would send
out cancel message for any article a "new moderated group" that didn't
have a valid signature on it.  That way, you don't even need to get the
signature validation software running on all sites; indeed, most sites
wouldn't need to upgrade their software at all, which is a major point.
One problem that hasn't been addressed is the social one: how do people
choose moderators?  The only method we currently have involves
conducting a Usenet vote, which tends to be a long and cumbersome
process.  Any other one, unfortunately, tends to bring up cries of
"Usenet cabal" very quickly.  The one exception is the "anyone can be a
moderator"; but that will only stop the newbie poster --- it won't stop
a determined attacker.

@_date: 1994-03-01 21:29:19
@_author: Theodore Ts'o 
@_subject: Re: Dorothy Denning 
From: rcain (Robert Cain)
   Date: Tue, 1 Mar 1994 20:10:15 -0800 (PST)
   What has not been discussed here very much and what I felt going into
   the conversations with these people is that they *can't* tell us what
   they are afraid of.  It is not a matter of won't.  The conversations
   bore this out.   We have been concentrating on in our discussion here
   on how much they fear the loss of a power they have gotten used to and
   abused to where we find it offensive.  That is not nearly so much
   what they fear.  It is the *unknown*.  It is pretty hard to make public
   statements like that.
Yes, it is pretty hard, because it makes it seem as if they have small
minds.  There have been people who have likened the coming of computers and
networking to the invention of the Gutenburg printing press --- that is,
it is a critical, enabling technology that will have extremely serious
impacts on our society as we know it.
I can imagine that back then, the Catholic church must have been deeply
opposed to letting the "hoi polloi" access to books, and access to
learning.  Think of how it would disrupt the social order!!!
From what you have said, it sounds like Denning, et. al's objections are
of a similar ilk; they are afraid of how this might completely change
society.  I agree; it probably will.  However, while there may have been
some societal upheavals that can be traced back to the introduction of
the printing press, in the end I think we can all agree that the
printing press was a good thing.
The important point that you make is that the cat really *is* out of the
bag; I am just concerned that the government, in a futile attempt to try
to stuff the cat back in, does perhaps fatal damage to all of our civil
rights in its desperation.  Look at how civil forfeiture has been used
to completely strip someone of his properties, without any due process.
Look at the RICO act, and the truely scary things that you can do with
it; it was originally applied against the Big Bad Mob, but it's turning
out to have much broader applications.
So if the cat really is out of the bag, then the government should give
up on this ill-conceived Clipper abortion as soon as possible.  The fact
that the Clipper propoents may actually be recognizing the hopelessness
of their task this is a sign of hopefulness or a sign of great danger;
the question is whether they will act like rational human beings, or a
cornered animal.
