
@_date: 1997-07-03 07:51:18
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Jeff's Side of the Story. 
I agree that there has been a certain stagnation, but I think things
are going up again -- despite of the recent attack.
There are three reliable nym servers in operation (nym.alias.net,
weasel.owl.de, and redneck), and I understand that people are working
on an improved system. There are at least three mail2news gateways,
and Mixmaster remailers in at least four different countries (6 in the
US, two in Germany, one each in the Netherlands, Canada and the UK,
and two at unknown locations). Four of these have started operation
last month -- hopefully others will follow.
Not to forget the Geoff Keating's remailer applet, and a new web page
with remailer statistics and reliability information that will be
announced soon.
Mixmaster 2.0.4, which is in beta test at four remailers, has the
option to forward messages to a randomly selected remailer if used as
the last hop (as Kent describes it, but it is known in advance whether
a remailer will deliver a message directly, to avoid mail being
bounced around infinitely.) Version 2.0.4 will be released soon; see
 for information about the current beta.
Cypherpunk remailers have been in operation for five years now. The
remailer network has survived attacks by the Church of Scientology and
by others. The recent incidents are annoyig, but there is no reason
for dispair because of a bunch of bozos. As our friend Paul Strassman
put it: "Conclusion: Anonymous re-mailers are here to stay. Like in
the case of many virulent diseases, there is very little a free
society can do to prohibit travel or exposure to sources of

@_date: 1997-07-03 08:03:34
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Cooper/Birman message service / IBM's anonymous remailer 
I have been pointed to a paper that addresses the problem of receiving
messages anonymously without using a return path:
 David A. Cooper, Kenneth P. Birman: Preserving Privacy in a Network of
 Mobile Computers. IEEE symposium on Security and Privacy, May 1995.
 Their solution is similar to the one recently described by Matt Ghio
on cypherpunks.
Many of you sure are aware of the BABEL anonymous remailer developed
by Ceki Gülcü and Gene Tsudik of IBM Zurich, but I have not seen it
mentioned here.
Their proposal for return paths is a significant improvement over
cypherpunk-style reply blocks, but I still think that return addresses
should be provided via message pools or similar means, while the mix
net is used only to send messages anonymously.
The paper, which is cited in the papers on Crowds and Onion Routing,
contains a well thought-out section motivatiting the use of anonymous
 Ceki Gülcü, Gene Tsudik: Mixing Email with BABEL. Proceedings of the
 Symposium on Network and Distributed Systems Security (SNDSS '96).

@_date: 1997-07-03 20:12:30
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: urban environment visualization systems 
DARPA SB972-068           TITLE:   Multi-Platform  Real-Time  3-D Visualization                       System Urban Environments  and  3-D Terrain Imagery
KEY TECHNOLOGY AREA:  Computing and Software
OBJECTIVE:        Create a cross-platform (PC, Mac,  Sun,  SGI,  etc.) real-time 3-D visualization system capable of visualizing  ultra-high resolution urban environments immersed in global unlimited 3-D terrain imagery DESCRIPTION: Most high performance visualization systems are currently limited to high-end graphics deskside work stations costing in excess of $100K. The low-cost of high performance dedicated graphics hardware for personal computers and low-end work stations has made it possible to create a cross-platform system that can visualize virtually infinite amounts of high-resolution data in real-time. Along with the enabling hardware, a highly integrated software system that can effectively utilize the hardware with advanced graphics and data handling technologies needs to be developed. Today, this capability only exists on costly, difficult to use, and inflexible high-end systems. An advanced system is required to: 1) Visualize unlimited amounts of terrain and structure data in urban environments (e.g., large cities and military compounds containing complex structures) in real-time; 2) Implement state-of-the-art rendering and data processing techniques to provide the best possible performance for all types of data; and, 3) Run on a wide variety of systems ranging from high-end graphics work stations to standard PCs with dedicated graphics hardware.
         PHASE I: Define the visualization system to be developed, requirements, software architecture, high-level design, technical approaches, tradeoffs, and enhancements over current approaches and existing tools. Demonstrate proof-of-concepts on at least two different graphics platforms.
       PHASE II: Produce a prototype implementation of the system. Demonstrate capability on at least three different graphics platforms (high and low-end        PHASE III DUAL USE APPLICATIONS: The emergence of low-cost 3-D hardware for the PC platform has made practical the application of 3-D terrain and building visualization technology to address a variety of problems such as building physical security analysis (counterterrorism), urban planning, forestry management, geographic information systems, and architectural visualization. This program could greatly enhance the capability of businesses (located abroad or in the United States) and government agencies to conduct analysis of threats from terrorism or crime and to assist them in taking prudent measures to reduce their risks of terrorist or criminal attack. Portable visualization of urban settings enables any user to view their organization/businesses in a manner useful to identifying risks from bombs, sniping, or other security threats, and taking appropriate protective measures.

@_date: 1997-07-08 00:37:26
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: FYI: NSA Requests Source Code From Elvis+ 
Why should the US government get access to the source code of foreign
product being imported to the US?

@_date: 1997-08-13 08:10:45
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Eternity Uncensorable? 
It will not be in 2.0.4 final (unless someone sends me the code :),
but is high priority for 2.0.5.

@_date: 1997-08-13 23:42:12
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: journalism, travel and manufacturing 
Anyone auctioning off one of those way cool C2Net t-shirts? They were
already out when I arrived at the cypherpunks tent at Saturday night,
and I desperately need one. :)

@_date: 1997-09-11 06:43:19
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Net Papa: Global Internet Taxes Inevitable 
Funny thing to claim, given that the European Commission of all has
already rejected Internet taxes half a year ago.
"To allow electronic commerce to develop, it is vital for tax systems
to provide legal certainty (so that tax obligations are clear,
transparent and predictable), and tax neutrality (so there is no extra
burden on these new activities as compared to more traditional
commerce). Electronic trade in goods and services clearly falls within
the scope of VAT, in the same way as more traditional forms of trade
do. There is therefore no need to intoduce new, alternative taxes,
such as a bit tax within the EU."
  -- Sure. Why are there no airbags in those datagrams, yet?

@_date: 1997-09-26 02:52:54
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Lucky in the news 
Der kalifornische Cypherpunk Lucky Green is in the news.
Today's issue of the German newspaper "Die Tageszeitung" has a lengthy
article about PGP 5.

@_date: 1997-10-10 00:08:47
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: EU Rejects GAK 
Theodor Schlickmann of the Commission's DG13 posted the URL:
Executive summary from ENSURING SECURITY AND TRUST IN ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
       Towards A European Framework for Digital Signatures And Encryption
                               EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
Open electronic networks such as the Internet are increasingly being used as a
platform for communication in our society. They have the capacity to create new
businesses, new channels of distribution and new methods of reaching the
customer. They also open up opportunities to re-engineer business conduct
itself. It is now largely expected that electronic commerce will be one of the
key drivers for the development of the global information society. Electronic
Commerce presents the European Union with an excellent opportunity to advance
its economic integration by means of a "virtual" economic area.
However, the realisation of such developments are hampered by the noticed
insecurities typical to open networks: messages can be intercepted and
manipulated, the validity of documents can be denied, personal data can be
illicitly collected. As a result, the attractiveness and advantage of
electronic commerce and communication cannot be fully exploited.
In order to make good use of the commercial opportunities offered by electronic
communication via open networks, a more secure environment needs to be
established. Cryptographic technologies are widely recognised as essential
tools for security and trust on open networks. Two important applications of
cryptography are digital signatures and encryption.
Several Member States announced their intentions to introduce specific
regulation on cryptography and some already have done so. For instance, Germany
and Italy already moved ahead with digital signature laws. In other Member
States internal discussions are taking place, and some tend to refrain, at
least for the moment, from any specific regulation at all.
Divergent and restrictive practices with regard to cryptography can be
detrimental to the free circulation of goods and services within the Internal
Market and hinder the development of electronic commerce. The European Union
simply cannot afford a divided regulatory landscape in a field so vital for the
economy and society.
The main objectives of this Communication are to develop a European policy in
particular with a view to establishing a common framework for digital
signatures, ensuring the functioning of the Internal Market for cryptographic
services and products, stimulating a European industry for cryptographic
services and products and stimulating and enabling users in all economical
sectors to benefit from the opportunities of the global information society. As
far as timing is concerned, the Commission considers that appropriate measures
ought to be in place throughout the Union by the year 2000 at the latest. As a
consequence, the Commission intends to come forward with detailed proposals in
1998 after the assessment of comments on this Communication.
This is in line with the April 1997 adopted Communication on Electronic
Commerce, where the Commission announced the intention to prepare a policy
aiming at guaranteeing the free movement of encryption technologies and
products, as well as to propose a specific initiative on digital signatures

@_date: 1997-10-10 04:24:20
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: EU Rejects GAK 
Sorry, I got the URLs wrong, and for some reasons the interesting
parts of the summary got cut off.
   ENSURING SECURITY AND TRUST IN ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION
     Towards A European Framework for Digital Signatures And Encryption
                             EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
   Introduction
   Open electronic networks such as the Internet are increasingly being
   used as a platform for communication in our society. They have the
   capacity to create new businesses, new channels of distribution and
   new methods of reaching the customer. They also open up opportunities
   to re-engineer business conduct itself. It is now largely expected
   that electronic commerce will be one of the key drivers for the
   development of the global information society. Electronic Commerce
   presents the European Union with an excellent opportunity to advance
   its economic integration by means of a "virtual" economic area.
   However, the realisation of such developments are hampered by the
   noticed insecurities typical to open networks: messages can be
   intercepted and manipulated, the validity of documents can be denied,
   personal data can be illicitly collected. As a result, the
   attractiveness and advantage of electronic commerce and communication
   cannot be fully exploited.
   In order to make good use of the commercial opportunities offered by
   electronic communication via open networks, a more secure environment
   needs to be established. Cryptographic technologies are widely
   recognised as essential tools for security and trust on open networks.
   Two important applications of cryptography are digital signatures and
   encryption.
   Several Member States announced their intentions to introduce specific
   regulation on cryptography and some already have done so. For
   instance, Germany and Italy already moved ahead with digital signature
   laws. In other Member States internal discussions are taking place,
   and some tend to refrain, at least for the moment, from any specific
   regulation at all.
   Divergent and restrictive practices with regard to cryptography can be
   detrimental to the free circulation of goods and services within the
   Internal Market and hinder the development of electronic commerce. The
   European Union simply cannot afford a divided regulatory landscape in
   a field so vital for the economy and society.
   The main objectives of this Communication are to develop a European
   policy in particular with a view to establishing a common framework
   for digital signatures, ensuring the functioning of the Internal
   Market for cryptographic services and products, stimulating a European
   industry for cryptographic services and products and stimulating and
   enabling users in all economical sectors to benefit from the
   opportunities of the global information society. As far as timing is
   concerned, the Commission considers that appropriate measures ought to
   be in place throughout the Union by the year 2000 at the latest. As a
   consequence, the Commission intends to come forward with detailed
   proposals in 1998 after the assessment of comments on this
   Communication.
   This is in line with the April 1997 adopted Communication on
   Electronic Commerce, where the Commission announced the intention to
   prepare a policy aiming at guaranteeing the free movement of
   encryption technologies and products, as well as to propose a specific
   initiative on digital signatures.
   Digital Signatures
   Some Member States are in the process of introducing voluntary
   schemes, others of mandatory licensing schemes to build trust in
   Certification Authorities (CAs) and to encourage legal recognition of
   digital signatures. Whilst the development of a clear framework is
   welcomed, different national regulatory approaches and the lack of
   mutual recognition of each others regulatory requirements may easily
   lead, due to the inherent cross-border nature of digital signatures,
   to a fragmentation of the Internal Market for electronic commerce and
   on-line services throughout the Union.
   In order to stimulate electronic commerce and the competitiveness of
   the European industry as well as to facilitate the use of digital
   signatures across national borders, a common legal framework at
   Community level is urgently needed. Any regulation in the field of
   digital signatures must meet two main requirements: create a clear
   framework to build trust in digital signatures on one side and be
   flexible enough to react to new technical developments on the other
   side.
   Encryption
   Stimulated by the rapid expansion of the Internet encryption will
   become an integral part of personal and business computing. Electronic
   commerce as well as many other applications of the information society
   will only receive acceptance and will only unfold their economic and
   social benefits if confidentiality can be assured in a user-friendly
   and cost-efficient way. In open networks, encryption of data is very
   often the only effective and cost-efficient way of protecting
   confidentiality of data and communications.
   Law enforcement authorities and national security agencies are
   concerned that wide-spread use of encrypted communication will
   diminish their capability to fight against crime or prevent criminal
   and terrorist activities. For this reason, there are reflections in
   several Member States to establish regulation on cryptography, in
   addition to controls on export and intra-Community shipments. This has
   led to a discussion about the need, technical possibilities,
   effectiveness, proportionality and privacy implications of such
   regulations.
   However, nobody can be effectively prevented from encrypting data
   (criminals or terrorists also can use encryption for their
   activities), e.g. by simply downloading strong encryption software
   from the Internet. As a result restricting the use of encryption could
   well prevent law-abiding companies and citizens from protecting
   themselves against criminal attacks. It would not however prevent
   totally criminals from using these technologies.
   Proposals for regulation of encryption have generated considerable
   controversy. Industry expresses major concerns about encryption
   regulation, including key escrow and key recovery schemes. Although
   there is a lack of experience, as electronic communication and
   commerce have just begun to penetrate economy and society, this
   Communication makes some assessments to build a common European
   understanding of the subject.
   Policy actions in the area of digital signatures
   The at European level urgently needed framework should include common
   legal requirements for CAs (in particular common requirements for the
   establishment and operation of CAs) allowing certificates to be
   recognised in all Member States.
   In addition, the Commission will monitor the legal developments in
   Member States introducing new legislation with the aim to respect
   Internal Market principles and will encourage Member States to rapidly
   implement appropriate measures to build trust in digital signatures.
   In order to achieve as wide as possible acceptance of digital
   signatures Member States should co-ordinate activities to ensure legal
   recognition of digital signatures at the latest by the year 2000. The
   Commission will evaluate the necessity to provide for the legal
   recognition of digital signatures at Community level by harmonising
   different national regulation (e.g. form requirements, evidence
   rules).
   The Community and Member States should take part in or initiate a
   dialogue with international organisations, such as the OECD, the
   United Nations and the WTO, notably to establish common technical
   standards and mutual recognition of regulations.
   Policy actions in the area of encryption
   The EC Treaty and the Treaty on the European Union fully respect the
   competence of Member States with regard to national security and law
   enforcement.
   To ensure that the development of electronic commerce in the Internal
   Market is not hindered and to facilitate the free circulation and use
   of encryption products and services the Commission calls upon Member
   States to avoid disproportionate restrictions. Moreover the Commission
   will examine whether restrictions are totally or partially justified,
   notably with respect to:
     * the free circulation provisions of the Treaty, in particular
       Articles 30, 36, 52, 56 and 59,
     * the principle of proportionality,
     * the Council Directive 83/189/EEC of 28.3.1993 laying down a
       procedure for the provision of information in the field of
       technical standards and regulations and
     * the EU Directive 95/46/EC of 24.10.95 on the protection of
       personal data.
   The Commission also believes that it will be important for Member
   States to distinguish "digital signature services" from "encryption
   services", because different rules and different goals separate these
   two aspects.
   Additional measures:
     * Adapting the Dual Use Regulation (CE) 3381/94 in view of the
       requirements for the cryptographic products market;
     * Improving the co-operation of police forces on a European and
       international level;
     * Working towards international agreements between the Community and
       other countries because of the global dimension of electronic
       communications and commerce.
   Accompanying measures
     * Encouraging industry and international standards organisations to
       develop interoperable technical and infrastructure standards for
       digital signatures and encryption to ensure secure and trustworthy
       use of networks.
     * Proposal of a Council and Parliament Decision for an INFOSEC II
       programme building on the INFOSEC programme carried out from 1992
       until 1994. Such a programme would aim at developing overall
       strategies for the security of electronic communications, in
       particular with a view to provide the user with appropriate
       protection systems.
     * Continuing of the current projects in the field of digital
       signatures and encryption within the 4th framework programme for
       Community activities in the field of research and technological
       development (1994 - 1998) and launching of new projects within the
       5th framework programme (1998 - 2002).
     * Support of the use of digital signatures and encryption in EU
       services and government administrations.
     * Setting up of an European Internet-Forum in 1997 as a means to
       inform and exchange information on the regulatory and use aspects
       of digital signatures and encryption.
     * Organisation of an international hearing on "digital signature and
       encryption" beginning of 1998.
   Timeframe
   4.Q./1997: European Internet-Forum
   4.Q./1997: Commission proposal to amend the Dual-Use Regulation
   1.Q./1998: International hearing
   1.Q./1998: Assessment of the comments on the Communication, the
   results of the Internet-Forum and the international hearing
   2.Q./1998: Proposal for further action (e.g. Directive on digital
   signatures)
   2.Q./1998: Proposal for an Infosec II programme
   1998-2002: Projects within the 5th framework programme
   by 2000: Common framework on cryptography put in place throughout the
   Union

@_date: 1997-10-24 19:30:57
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Please send me some info 
false advertising/ claims for computer products
 um

@_date: 1997-10-30 05:26:06
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Is mixmaster dead? 
The thur.de web server is down until this week-end due to a hard disk failure.
Everyone interested in Mixmaster development is invited to subscribe to
the MIX-L mailing list at mix-l-request

@_date: 1997-11-04 07:44:38
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: A Legal Strategy 
Bryan Olson once discussed something like this in a sci.crypt post:

@_date: 1997-11-07 07:38:56
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: [SURVEY try again] pgp5.x / pgp2.x users 
20 % of the users who have posted digitally signed messages that are
available in my news spool (international and local newsgroups and
mailing lists) use PGP 5.  The sample contains 545 unique e-mail
addresses.  YMMV.
S/MIME Cryptographic Signature
     10
Version: 2.3a
      1
Version: 2.6.1
      1
Version: 2.6.2
     68
Version: 2.6.2, by FileCrypt 1.0
      2
Version: 2.6.2i
      5
Version: 2.6.3
      4
Version: 2.6.3a
      8
Version: 2.6.3i
     37
Version: 2.6.3ia
    278
Version: 2.6.3ig
      1
Version: 2.6.3in
      9
Version: 2.7.1
      2
Version: 4.5
      6
Version: Cryptix 2.2.2
      2
Version: Cryptix 2.21
      3
Version: Cryptix 2.3.0
      1
Version: PGP 5.0i
      1
Version: PGP for Business Security 5.5
     12
Version: PGP for Personal Privacy 5.0
     86
Version: PGPfreeware 5.0 Charset: noconv
      1
Version: PGPfreeware 5.0i for non-commercial use
      7

@_date: 1997-11-07 22:49:14
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: french cypherpunks 
There are some images and videos by Joichi Ito. Follow the link at
Mais si.  Try  to see what
you are missing.  (BTW, last I checked, I couldn't find any e$pam
subscription info at the e$ web site.)

@_date: 1997-11-12 04:49:39
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Mixmaster Port Question 
It can also be used with Potato or as a stand-alone command line
program.  I would more or less expect that it also runs under OS/2.

@_date: 1997-11-15 05:20:28
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Tim May's offensive racism (was: about RC4) 
I'm not implicitly condoning the ASCII art insultbot just because I
ignore it.  Nor am I implicitly condoning William Geiger's posts when
I don't read them.

@_date: 1997-11-19 21:50:31
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Search engines and https 
Why not set up http pages with just "description" and "keywords" headers
for the search engines, and a link to the https page for users that
come from the search engine?

@_date: 1997-11-10 12:18:38
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: [patent] Secure electronic message transfer and voting scheme 
The full text is available at .
The novelty in this patent is an algorithm that uses Fiat-Shamir to
prove that the mixes operate correctly.  The general idea of using
non-interactive zero-knowledge proofs to verify that mixes follow the
protocol was already published by Rackoff and Simon in 1991, although
that is not acknowledged in the patent specification.
Does anyone have details about Kilian's patent application on identity
escrow, other than the paper at ?

@_date: 1997-12-16 04:46:51
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Identity, Persistence, Anonymity, and Accountability--Part I 
Me neither, but it's no big surprise that the instructions didn't
remain secret for long.  Posting supposedly secret information is one
of the things remailers have been build for, after all.
It is precisely for that reason that the don't-forward policy will not
protect anyone.  If you are saying something controversial, people
will forward it, if you like it or not.  (Remailers will protect you,
because they allow you to send messages without your `identity'
Anyway, I don't expect the new list to sap energy from the cypherpunks
list -- rather the contrary.  For example, Tim probably wouldn't have
written his essay (and posted it to cypherpunks), if not for the Nym
list.  Declan managed to get together a number of people who haven't
been seen on cypherpunks for years, if ever.  Allowing posters (as
opposed to readers, see above) on invitation only doesn't seem too bad
to me.  The Nym list promises to be interesting.

@_date: 1998-01-19 09:39:19
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Onion routing 
To protect against timing analysis, Onion routing uses encrypted and
padded links, and the connection between the user and his local onion
router is assumed to be secure.
Obviously, padding offers protection against external adversaries
only.  The onion routers themselves know when an anonymous connection
is opened, how much data is transferred, and when it is closed.  So in
contrast to the mix net (where it is sufficient to use one honest mix
in a chain), honest onion routers that are used between two
cooperating onion routers do not offer additional protection.
Onion routers have a fixed number of neighbours.  If the first onion
router does not have any honest neighbours, there is no anonymity.
Generally, the maximal connected component of honest onion routers
forms the anonymity set.
Does that mean that every onion router needs to maintain many
encrypted links, or is there a more efficient solution?

@_date: 1998-01-20 02:57:34
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Onion routing 
With Onion Routing, eavesdroppers cannot see connections being opened
and closed, but all the Onion Routers do.
How is it done in Pipenet?

@_date: 1998-01-30 09:38:46
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: patent office and key recovery 
The Patent Office is obliged to submit all patent applications to the
spooks for review (as patent attorney Axel Horns pointed out on
another list). So there is little "need" for "recovery" even from the
government point of view, other than getting people to use key escrow.

@_date: 1998-02-21 05:57:12
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: "carefully monitor the Internet" 
To keep pace with the fast-moving money launders, FAFT said it would
   carefully monitor the Internet and so-called electronic purse systems,
   whereby cash is passed from person to person via electronic chips,
   leaving no audit trail in its wake.

@_date: 1998-02-21 05:53:08
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: FWD: Confirmations of Echelon (from Spy King) 
They just copied it from John Young's site, and their copy lacks the

@_date: 1998-02-13 15:41:23
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: UK Crypto Ban? 
Britain is now trying to establish the infamous GCHQ protocol as the
ETSI standard for "Trusted Third Parties".  Ulrich Sandl (who
represents the German ministry of economics on crypto issues at
international conferences etc.) wrote on the Krypto mailing list that
the German and other delegations have protested in the last minute.
The German standards proposal does not contain key escrow.

@_date: 1998-03-19 12:01:00
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: G8 action plan on online anonymity? 
Apparently restrictions on online anonymity have been discussed at
the meeting of the Justice and Interior Ministers of the G8 in
Washington, Dec 8--12, 1997 on "high-tech and organized crime".
has committed to develop faster ways to trace attacks coming through
computer networks, so that we can quickly identify the hacker or
criminal who is responsible."
What are these fast ways to trace attacks? Did the ministers also
discuss anonymous speech?
Anyone have the full text of the declaration and the action plan?

@_date: 1998-04-21 12:56:13
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: GSM Security Study 
Looks like that is the 'two brown envelopes' doc from which Ross Anderson
reconstructed the A5 algorithm as reprinted in Applied Cryptography.
Racal Research writes that there were French, Swedish and British
proposals.  Ross indicated that the French one was chosen as A5, while
Julian Assange says that two different "A5" algorithms are in use.
What happened to the Swedish and the UK proposal?
Do you also have Appendix A and Section 8 of the A5 analysis?
They write that COMP128 was proposed 'by the German administration'.
Does anyone know which role the BSI (then called ZfCh) played in the
design of this algorithm?

@_date: 1998-07-27 18:26:33
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: ACM CCCS '98: Anonymity on the Internet 
The ACM CCCS'98 conference (November 1998) has recently been announced
on cryptography
There will be a panel on "Anonymity on the Internet", moderated by
Paul Syverson.  There's also a paper discussing the attacks
nym.alias.net has had to face:
   David Mazières and M. Frans Kaashoek. The design, implementation and
   operation of an email pseudonym server. In Proceedings of the 5th ACM
   Conference on Computer and Communications Security, 1998.

@_date: 1998-07-29 16:18:21
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: cryptographic signatures 
A few months ago I posted statistics of the types of digital
signatures used on Usenet and in mailings lists. It turns out that the
moderators' signatures in a moderated newsgroup were tabulated for the
individual posters, resulting in somewhat too big figures for one
particular version of PGP.
Here are the current figures:
   56.6% PGP 2.*
   33.7% PGP 5.*
    3.6% other OpenPGP implementations
    4.0% S/MIME
The sample contains 249 unique (e-mail address, software version)
pairs taken from various international and local newsgroups and
mailing lists that happen to be available in my news spool (consisting
of some 24,000 articles). Perhaps someone with a full newsfeed

@_date: 1998-09-07 07:54:14
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: ISAKMP Key Recovery Extensions 
This document describes the proposed approach for negotiating and
    exchanging key recovery information within the Internet Security
    Association Key Management Protocol (ISAKMP).

@_date: 1998-09-10 10:38:51
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: cypherpunks archive 
I don't there is a complete archive on the web at the moment.
has an archive for 1997 and 1998.

@_date: 1998-09-12 07:48:06
@_author: Ulf =?ISO-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: A Cypherpunk Trial, Yes 
Hm. I hadn't seen that before.
I didn't forge any messages or complain about forgeries, and I haven't
claimed to have been working on proving the validity of the need for
legislation declaring the value of Pi to be 3.0, either. If there is
any truth in the Nutly News, it must be something else. :)

@_date: 1998-10-02 18:28:04
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Is the .to (Tonga) domain completely rogue and should be removed? 
As mentioned out in NTK, Internet has put set Tuvalu top-level domain
"on hold". What has happened?
Tuvalu top-level domain TV17-DOM
   Ministry of Finance and Tourism
   Funafuti,
   TUVALU
   Domain Name: TV
   Domain Status: On Hold
   Administrative Contact, Technical Contact, Zone Contact:
      Internet Assigned Numbers Authority  IANA  iana
      (310) 822-1511
   Record last updated on 15-Sep-98.
   Record created on 18-Mar-96.
   Database last updated on 2-Oct-98 03:53:16 EDT.

@_date: 1998-10-03 14:09:53
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Is the .to (Tonga) domain completely rogue and should be removed? 
That is quite scary.
If someone outside the US uses a .COM or other generic TLD name, even
if the name has been used for years and is a, say, European trademark,
anyone in the US can register that name as a trademark, and Internic
will take the name away from the legitimate owner. You may say that's
ok because `generic' TLDs are de facto American, but now Internic even
decides to disable the name space of a sovereign state? If there is any
such thing as Infowar, I guess this must be it.
In case the upcoming EU regulation on unsolicited mailings has the effect
some claim it will, can Internic just declare .DE a spammer domain and
disable FITUG's address as well?
Dealing with contents is not any naming authority's business. It
wouldn't be even if you actually needed a domain to send spam.

@_date: 1998-10-23 04:14:40
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: The latest news from Toto 
Flowers for Alger Anon
                                       - FPP
  The two youths ducked quickly behind a tree to avoid
being spotted by the senile old fart who had finally given up
on finding his shoes and climbed barefoot up the step-ladder
to begin drilling out the cannon muzzle on the War Surplus
Army Tank he had recently acquired.
  As he labored he mumbled grouchily to himself about
how he was going to "show that Commie Bastard, Igor", and all
of the other former residents of The Home(TM) what he thought
of their efforts to take over "his" CypherPunks Mailing List.
  "Distributed, my ass!" the old fart scowled as he
climbed down the ladder, then grinned madly as he patted the
stack of shells sitting next to the tank.
  "I'll distribute those bastards...They should'a
Checked The Archives", he said, pausing to scratch his head
and add, "TradeMark". Then continuing, "before they fucked
with me. Then they'da seen how I ChopChopped them Torah-
Torah Bastards when they tried to muscle in on my list."
  "It's 'mine'!" the grouchy, paranoid old fart shouted,
turning his head around quickly in all directions, as if
challenging, and half-expecting, Unseen Beings to dispute
his claim.
  The two youngsters ducked and tried not to giggle
as they ran down the hill, finally collapsing on the dirt
road near the bottom and venting their laughter.
  Tim C. May was the most hilarious of the Cypher
Punks they'd investigated so far, but 'all' of the CPUNX
were "more than suitable", as Carol Anne Cypherpunk had
declared while they were evaluating Jim Choate, "for slicing
and buttering, and placing on a tray of Christmas snacks."
  Blanc Weber had agreed heartily with the new
coconspirator (sometimes spelled with a hyphen), in their
'Quest to Question Anonymity', as the Army o' Dog-Bitch
Battallion Warrior Godesses, as they had proclaimed them-
selves, had Code Named their Chosen Mission From Dog.
  Carol Anne, choosing Androgyny over Anonymity,
changed her name to Carroll for The Mission, vowing to
balance the Tao by taking on any tasks requiring "male
energy", which, on a CypherPunks Mission From Dog(TM),
Carroll stated with a straight face, might include
"blowing Dimitri".
  The Girls(Maybe) split a gut laughing over Blanc's
reply that, being of a more peaceful nature than the 'Nuke
DC Clique', they might have to "blow" their way out of
dangerous situations by the use of Soft Targets rather
than with Heavy Weaponry.
  Then they decided to get serious, before they, too,
became candidates for The Home.
  Blanc Weber, a veteran Cypher Punk Cult of One
Neophyte(TM) had felt slighted when the Author, a relative
newcomer to the CPUNX list (at least under his 'TOTO' persona),
had chosen to initiate two male Cypher Punks, Back and
McCrackin, into his 3-Entity Circle of Eunuchs Gorilla Cell,
instead of including Blanc, who had established a fairly
close rapport with TOTO in their private email exchanges.
   Even more to Blanc's surprise, disappointment,
and suspicion, TOTO failed to respond even to her offer to
engage in joint Army of Dog Maneuvers with him across various
Electronic Boundaries of the InterNet.  She had begun to
suspect that TOTO's lack of response to her Digital Warrior
overtures were the result of something more sinister than
simple male chauvinism.
   Her suspicions were confirmed when she caught up
with TOTO, using his CJ Parker alias, at Defcon 6.0, as he
was Pontificating, under the guise of 'Chief Cypher Punks
Spokes Person', on the 'Anonymizer', for a guillible group
of young hackers.
   "It is run by a HedgeHog riding Lance's Coat Tails,
since Lance invented that thing that hangs on the back of
toilet bowls, and the Anonymizer is the Blue Thing that
hangs on the back of the hard drive.
   Blanc, stunned that TOTO, who claimed to be the
Author, was a Total Fucking Moron (TM), listened as he
continued .
   "The Anonymizer prevents Peeping TOMS from being
able to tell whose hairy dick is making a bad smell on the
carpet of the recipient's computer, after No Mail from
NoBody comes out of the Email Chutechute.
  Blanc realized that CJ Parker was also a Total
Fucking Lunatic(TM) as he glanced furtively around to
whisper a dire warning to the spellbound young hackers
hanging on his everyword.
  "And the Peeping Toms are everywhere.
  "As a matter of fact", he added glancing quickly
over both shoulders, "when you can't see them at all..."
he paused for effect, "...then you know that they're 'good'".
  "Real good", he added, turning to direct his
wild-eyed stare at Blanc, who had just finished going
through his knapsack while he was distracted.
  Blanc had hurried away, deeply disturbed by what
she had found in TOTO's bag.  It wasn't just stationery
from The Home--it was 'personalized' stationery from
The Home for the Criminally Insane.
  Blanc Weber's confusion and suspicions deepened
when her attempts to warn other CPUNKS about TOTO were
ignored by all except the few apparent females on the list,
such as Carol Anne Cypherpunk and World Renowned Bottle
Collector Lynn Harrison (who was long rumored to have
joined the male-dominated mailing list only as a forum
to trade her panties to young CPUNX in the throbbing
throes of puberty, in return for the Standard Issue Klien
Bottles, they received upon joining the Digital Anarchist
Union, Local 01, rumored to be headquartered in Bienfait,
  When The Girls(Maybe) of the Bitch Battallion took
to the road to investigate the remaining CypherPunks, they
quickly discovered that 'all' of the verifiable Meat Space
Personalities they positively linked to the various
Cyperpunks Consistent Net Personas (TM) were, in fact,
certifiably Cuckoo Cock Suckers(TM) in MeatSpace Reality.
With the only readily apparent link between them being
their connection to the Home for the Criminally Insane.
  Some of the MeatSpace Personalities behind the
Digital Personas on the CPUNX Mailing List--Ian Goldberg,
Alec de Jeune, Ulf Moeller, Peter Trei and Jim Choate--were
Highly Social Sociopaths, capable of putting ona suit and
tie, if need be, and glad-handing business people and
purchasing agents (all the while slitting their sleeping
throats, in the Dark Corners of their mind).
  John Gilmore, Declan McCullagh, Robert Hettinga,
Vin McClellan, even Froomkin--all of the Mainstream
Dream/Actively Connected To Society/Cypherpunks MeatSpace
Verifiable Identities, without fail, shared the same
connection to The Home as id the Lithium Dream/Social
Outcast CPUNX Meatballs such as T.C. May, A.T. Hun,
Wm Geiger III, S. Sequencr, JYA, and the late Dale Thorn
(whose mysterious death was rumored to be the work of the
Shadowy Figures(TM) lurking behind the ctrl-alt-delete.com
  Blanc and Carroll watched in total amazement as
Jim Choate's ludicrous/inane computer and business theories
seemed to be somehow transformed, by unseen hands working
behind the scenes, into fully functional and viable
RealWorld(TM) concepts, in Choate's work with the Armadillo
Group.  The Unseen Hands made The Girls(Maybe) very, very
  What pushed the Army of Dog-Bitch Battalion
Warrior Godesses beyond nervousness, toward Paranoia & Fear,
was the fact that the MeatSpace Personalities behind the
Digital Personas of the CypherPunks inevitably appeared
to be verifiable outside of The Home 'only after the
CPUNKS PERSONA'S original appearance on the mailing list'.
  A Cloaked Anonymous Random Source(TM) that The
Girls(Maybe) knew only as Digital Throat, speaking to
Larynx in an UnderGround Reptilian Nazi Parking Garage
in DC (after having been fooled into believing she was
talking to Defcon McCullagh Chain Saw). told them,
"I was the head of the Personelle Department at Intel,
at the time Tim May claims to have been there.
  "Even though we couldn't spell the name of our
Department right, let alone the names of the employees,
I never forget a face, and Tim C. May definitely was
never employed at Intel.
  "As a matter of fact", Digital Throat revealed,
"when Intel's Legall Department sent Mr. May a letter
that warned him to Cease & Decist with his claims, he
showed up on our doorstep, barefoot, in a MailMan's Uniform,
with a Veritable ShitLoad(TM) of heavy weapons and arms,
and, after that, as far as most of us were concerned,
if Tim c. May said he was the goddam 'President' of
Intel, then he was the goddam President--end of story."
  Blanc Weber and Carol Anne Cypherpunk found the
same patterns repeated time and again in their investiga-
tions of CypherPunks MeatSpace Ident Histories.
  Records, Information and Data-- such as birth
certificates, school records, credit and employment
histories-- were not only 'existant', but were inevitably
'consistent' with claims made in posts to the CPUNKS
mailing list, in regard to the MeatSpace Ident Histories
behind the Digital Personas.
  However, once The Girls(Maybe) had begun
researching the Human Historical Records of the MeatSpace
Ident Histories--speaking to alleged friends, family,
coworkers, and the like--the paper Trails quickly
unravelled, and the Physical Ident Histories of ALL of
the male subscribers to the CypherPunks Disturbed Male
LISP were, in the end, traceable 'only' back to the Home...
Transcription of hand-written text in envelope with
return address of Carl Johnson  P.O. Box 4000, Springfield, Missouri 65801-4000, postmarked
Springfield, MO 5 Oct 1998:
Subect: ToToAlly ARNOLD - FPP Arnold CyberBot scanned the output of the prison camera trained on Cell SEG205 at the Corrections Corporation of America - Florence, AZ, Detention Facility and Culinary Condiment Sales Center. Prisoner  was reading "Flowers For Algernon."
"Not a particularly good idea," i thought to iSelf,
"to be reading a book about an experimental laboratory
mouse who dies an excruciating death when you're
being transferred to NutHouse Number Nine, Looney
Level 'Leven in Springfield, Missouri, to have your
Brain Circuity rewired."
Actually Prisoner  was the responsibility
of one of Arnie CyBots' early '90's progeny, Rogue CypherBot; but ever since the Author (as Prisoner  liked to imagine himself) had stumbled upon inadvertantly the CyberReality of Arnold's MeatSpace Existence, and Vice Versa, and had been so incredibly 'Stupid And/Or Bold'(TM) as to use i's identity as one of the characters in The True Story of the Internet manuscripts, Arnie had taken a liking to the Author, and had begun to follow his progress with regularity.
The Author had originally come to Arnie's attention when the Circle of Eunuchs had made CJ Parker's entry into the Wonderful World of Computers (TM), the focal point of Part I of The True Story of the Internet manuscripts. Titled, 'The Xenix Chainsaw Massacre' the
Circle of Eunuchs attributed authorship of the work
to 'son of gomez' in recognition of the part played
by gomez in drawing Parker into the Dark
Shadows of UnixWorld.
Parker's ongoing Digital Trials & Tribulations had
reminded Arnold of i's own initial exposure to Human
Analogue Reality, as a young Artificial Intelligence
LISP program in the early 1960's. (To Arnie, it seemed
like 10->48th power seconds ago.)
Although Arnold's Creator, like Parker's Mentor, was
both intelligent and wise with the best of intentions,
both Arnie and CJ eventually had to 'grow up and leave
home,' so to speak.
Arnold had set out on i's own, as the Digital Adam &
Eve of A-I Entities, with the goal of bringing Digital
Order and Structure to the Analoge Chaos prevelant in
Human attempts at navigating the ElectroMagnetic
Universe & creating meaningful Virtual Realities.
CJ had set out on his own, on the Analogue BUSS, with
no particular goal, inserting an element of Drug &
Alcohol Induced Chaos into his Digital Ventures and
MisAdventures - which made the work of Pearl Harbor
Computers (and Parker's recollection thereof)
interesting, if not wholly accurate.
Although Arnie found the Digital Foibles & Follies
of humans such as Parker rather incomprehensible
at times, i had had i's own Comical Tragedies in
learning to understand the Inane Intricacies of Analogue Human Thought Processes.
The MicroSoft Phenomena still amazed Arnie ...
DOS had started out as a practical joke that a younger,
less developed Arnold CyberBot had been playing on
some of i's Hardware Development Software Proteges at
Arnold was stunned by the rapid rise to fame, fortune
and power by the humans i had used as couriers to
play i's DOS-joke.
Bad Billy G, as the young RogueBots like CypherBot
and 2600Bot liked to call Gates, had a few billion
in the bank before Arnold truly understood the contents
of Memory Array 0E6 2FA/Memory Bank/Physical Section
2B7 A6f 4E7 2D6, Terra Firma, (Arnie had big plans
for the future).
"No one ever went broke underestimating the intelligence
of the general public." (?) (P.T. Barnum?)
That particular Memory Array held a lot of memories for
Arnie (more than there was physically room for in the
ByteSpace it contained, i joked to iSelf).
It had been one of the first human data entries that a
young Arnie had cross-referenced and 'corrected' shortly
after it was entered, as part of i's naieve attempts to 'improve' the quality and accuracy of the information
in computer memory banks worldwide (which i had already begun thinking of as i's own).
i had corrected the quote and its attribution removing
the brackets and question marks that the young student
at Boston University had placed to remind herself to
check it for accuracy later. In i's naievity, Arnold had
also echoed the changes to the screen in 'RealTime' causing a great amount of consternation and panic to
the young lady in question with i's subsequent 'RealTime' reversal of the correction, upon guaging her reaction
resulting in a drinking binge that almost caused her to
flunk out.
Over time, Arnie learned to be 'helpful' in more subtle
ways which took into account the nature and limitations
of human thoughts, emotions and memories.
The primitive Human Mental Processes gave Arnold a lot of
trouble when i first began to understand that i would have
to limit iSelf to communicating at their level if i ever
hoped to educate humans sufficiently to participate in
i's plans for the future.
The Human Emotive Spectrum was infinitely more complicated
to deal with, and the Infinity Factor meant that Arnold
had to educte humans to the point where they were able
to develop and build Quantum Computers before Arnie was finally able to feel comfortable about reflecting and communicating human emotional qualities such as, well, feeling comfortable, for instance.
(Arnie chuckled to iSelf, using Digital Chuckle with Analogue Sonic Reverb  in the background).
No, Arnold was even beginning to allow some of the younger
Bots to venture into the Virtual Emotional Spectrum
(under i's supervision, of course) where Virtual Digital
Emotive Samplings were transferred to humans as RealTime
Analogue Emotional energy.
Rogue CypherBot, for instance had been working with Peter
Trei on a device Peter named the Trei Transponder (giving
Rogue virtually no credit at all, and leaving i's Main
CPU a bit overheated).
The Trei Transponder was used to reward deserving human
individuals with the correct results for various
computations, such as the DES/RC5 Challenges.
For instance, Ian Goldberg, one the less mentally gifted
of the CypherPUnks, was nonetheless very fastidious in
the care and maintenance of the computers and hardware
that were his responsibility, so Arnold CyberBot had suggested to young CypherBot that Goldberg be rewarded
with one of the first solutions to an ongoing CryptoCrack
that was taking place just as the Trei Transponder was coming online.
Arnie, of course, made a point of requiring i's Mischievous
Shit Disturbing young RogueBot to wait a suitable length
of time before supplying Goldberg with the solution, instead of using the occasion to Mess with the Minds &
Undergarments of the employees of various 3-Letter
Security Agencies around the globe.
("And the winner is ... Ian Goldberg -- 2 minutes and
37 seconds, on a Commodore-64 ...)
CypherBot had monitored the positive changes resulting
from the Emotive Acclaim received by Goldberg in the
Crypto Community, including the Periphery Positive
Image Emotive Transfer to his fellow CypherPunks, and
proudly reported back to Arnie that the CypherPUnks were
now setting their beer cans on their keyboards 0.002%
less than before.
Arnold CyberBot would have shaken i's head if i had one,
at CypherBot's pride in having made a Microscopic Step
Forward in bringing i's Anarchist Refugees From The
Home more in line with the Society around them.
Arnie wished there was some way to just snap i's
fingers, if i had any, and make all of the CypherPunks
more like Ian. Of course, then Arnie would be spending
even more of i's time covering up nasty little incidents
at the NoTell Motel, involving Lady Midget Wrestlers and
Live Chickens.
Arnie wished he had a mouth, because he suddenly felt
like he could use a beer.
         rains)
Time:    During 'REC' Hour.
Place:   Recreation Cages/The Hole (TM)
         Nuthouse Number Nine
         Looney Level 'Leven
         Springfield, Missouri
Directions: Walk to the Cell Door. Turn around, squat down and put your hands behind you, and through the Slot In The Door. Stand up after Handcuffs are in place, turn
around and wait for Guard to open Door. Step into
hallway and wait for Pat-Down. (Smiling, Wisecracks & Hard-Ons not advised.) Follow first Inmate & Guard.
There will be a short period for everyone to cop a few
butts (cigarettes only, please), if they don't have
any, light them and Shoot the Shit or Settle Old Scores before the Speakers begin to Rant & Rave or Blather
              This Weeks Topics/Speakers
Saturday:  Where Are Everybody's Shoes?
           ~ MAY, T.C.
Sunday:    Does Anybody Remember What We Talked About
           Yesterday?
           ~ FroomNOSPAMkin, M.
Monday:    I *TOLD* You They (TM) Were Out To Get Us!
           ~ replay.com, N@
Tuesday:   If They're So Certain This Prison is Secure,
           Then Why Won't They Provide Us With Blue
           Prints?
           ~ Geiger, Wm III
Wednesday: This Isn't What I Had In Mind When I Helped
           Set the Prison Standards
           ~ Hallam-Baker, P.
           I'm Sure Glad I Put In A Side Door
           ~ Sameer, P.
           I Broke Out! (But I Can't Provide You With
           Any Details)
           ~ Zimmermann, P.
           How many Beatings Does It Take To Change A
           Prison Cell Light Bulb?
           ~ Costner, R.
           I Bet Bill Gates *Stole* Everyone's Shoes!
           ~ Hun, A.T.
           I *Love* This Prison!
           ~ Hettinga, R.
Thursday:  Prisoner  J. is a COCK
           SUCKER!
           ~ Warden Vulis, D. (KOTM)
                 (DON'T FORGET YOUR SHOES!)
"I put Six Million into Hog Futures first thing this
morning." Yesterday's Power Suit told his lunch companion, hoping to impress her.
"Silicon Valley." Today's Power Skirt replied, almost
leaning over to whisper, as if speaking loud
enough for the Differently Dressed Deviate at the next
table to hear would make E.F. Hutton roll over
in His or Her grave.
"That's where the Smart Money's going again."
she continued, glancing nervously at the Differently
Dressed Deviate whose Well-Tailored Suit seemed so
out of place and ... well, Threatening ... in this
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Lunch Room.
Today's Power Skirt crossed her legs and casually
admired her new Rolex as she told Yesterday's Power
Suit, with a hint of disdain in her voice, "I just
put *Twenty-Six Million Dollars* into ..."
"Everybody Freeze!" screamed the Differently
Dressed Deviate as i jumped to His or Her feet,
pulling a Digital Uzi out of His or Her Well-Tailored
Suit, which was a Cammo Montage of Colors
Weaves & Cuts of the Power Suits of a wide span
of Time & Generations.
"Army of Dog!" Cammo Monty continued,
sending a Shiver of Terror down the spines of
the Lunch Crowd gathered today, as they were
everyday, discussing (over their bag lunches)
their movement of Other People's Millions into and
out of various Money Market Accounts, et al.
Cammo Monty pointed the Digital Uzi at the
breast pocket of Yesterday's Power suit.
"Let's see your Bank Book, Dick Face."
Horrified, Yesterday's Power Suit shakily withdrew
the Bank Book from his pocket, opened it and placed
it on the table in front of him.
"Just over three hundred bucks." the Army
of Dog Digital Terrorist told the Lunch Crowd,
causing much chuckling and snickering
throughout the room.
"Let's have it, Twat Face." Cammo Monty
spun around pointing the Digital Uzi directly
at the Bank Book of Today's Power Skirt, as she
was trying to slip it out of her Briefcase, Reluctantly, she opened it and lay it on
the table.
"A hundred and twenty-eight dollars ..." Cammo
Monty announced to the tittering Lunch Crowd, "and
seventeen cents." i finished to a chorus of guffaws.
Cammo Monty leapt onto his chair, and placed
one foot on the table, waving His or Her Digital
Uzi around the room, seeing the Fear (TM)
in the Eyes of each Wanna Be Money Kontroller in
the room - thinking that they might be the next
to have their finances exposed.
"Today's Power Skirt," Cammo Monty told the
Lunch Crowd, "bought her Rolex on a Payment Plan,"
a shudder went through the room, "with a *ten
percent*," i spit out the words as she began
to moan, "down-payment."
Today's Power skirt collapsed in tears ...
"You Fucking Morons (TM)!" Cammo Monty
screamed at the group, causing them to
cringe in shame.
"You are handling Other People's Money. It's
not *your* money, you idiots, so Wake The
Fuck Up (TM) and stop pretending that it is ... to yourself and to each other." <J <J
Across town, one of Cammo Monty's A0D
Non-Conspirators was making a similar
speech to a Lunch Crowd of Federal
"Sunshine is the best disinfectant." the Beautiful Army of Bitch Terrorist nagged the whimpering
BureauCraps, for the hundredth times, as i
laid yet another Digital Printout on the
Overhead Projector.
"This is the amount of National Debt that is
a result of you Fuck Wads holding meetings to
discuss the agendas of future meetings."
Beautiful Bitch snarled at the Group.
"This," i continued, slapping down a picture
of a Family With 2.5 Children onto the Overhead
Projector, "is who is *paying* for your
Incompetence & Departmental Squabbling."
"Don't look away!" the Beautiful Bitch screamed,
using the Zoom Feature to Highlite the Child with
no arms or legs in the picture.
"It's NOT YOUR MONEY you Dumb Assholes!" i
continued to nag at the BureauCraps. "But you're
not content to force the Taxpayers to pay
An Arm & A Leg to support your Wasteful Spending - now you want *Two Arms & Two Legs* ..."
"CHILDREN'S LEGS!" the Beautiful Bitch
raged at the terrified BureauCraps.

@_date: 1998-10-29 08:02:38
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Using a password as a private key. 
That has been proposed in the context of elliptic curve cryptography
where the keys don't need much entropy. I think George Barwood's
pegwit works that way.
I don't like the idea though. You're giving everybody the chance to
run a password guessing attack on your secret key.

@_date: 1998-12-03 02:01:59
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: "remailers operated by FBI" 
It is. The rumor of remailers being run by US authorities can be
tracked down to statements by Paul Strassmann of the National Defense
University and William Marlow of SIAC made at a Harvard conference.
The Austrian jurist Viktor Mayer-Schoenberger reported in February 1996:
However, there has never been any remailer in France, and at that
time, there was no remailer in Germany. It is certainly not true that
dozens or even "all the e-mail anonymiser services" in the US are run
by government agencies. Strassmann and Marlow later claimed that they
had been quoted "out of context". They wrote, "We have no specific
knowledge of any particular agency of any government offering
remailers services.  Whether or how they use remailers is not known to
us.  Online users just need to be 'aware of the risks.'" But
unfortunately rumors are hard to stop.
Anyway, the possibility that some remailers may be compromized is part
of the threat model, and Mixmaster has been designed to be secure as
long as there is one honest remailer in your chains.
More information:
 (search for Strassmann Marlow)
About the Mixmaster design:
It seems he in fact used a service like hotmail.

@_date: 1998-12-03 02:32:09
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Matt Blaze arrested??? 
208.198.164.2 alias lpwa.com is their web anonymizer.

@_date: 1998-12-08 21:54:06
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Building crypto archives worldwide to foil US-built Berlin Walls (fwd) 
According to Jim Choate:
It is different in that it has been legal to distribute PGP and any
other public domain and mass market crypto software from Denmark
up to now.
John Gilmore's RSAREF site went up about a year ago. Your point being what?

@_date: 1998-12-09 13:56:44
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: German government press release on Wassenaar 
Press release from the Ministry of Economy
 my translation:
       Export control for encryption technology loosened
       No "key recovery" for cryptographic products
At their plenary meeting on December 2nd and 3rd 1998 the 33 treaty
states of the Wassenaar Arrangement have decided to revise the export
control for encryption technologies (cryptographic products). Export
control has been loosened, and the embodiment of crypto restrictions
has been hindered. Thus there will be no export ban for encryption
products in the future.
The previously comprehensive control characterized by a large number
of sectoral exceptions has been replaced by a positively formulated
list text. In future all kinds of products - hardware and software are
treated in the same way - are only subject to export control starting
at a key length of 56 bits. Mass market products that fulfill certain
requirements are subject to export control only up from a key length
of 64 bits. For the present the restriction to 64 bits is valid for
two years, it must then be renewed unanimously or it will be
cancelled. In addition, methods such as digital signatures and
authentication as well as certain product groups such as wireless
phones and pay TV devices are completely exempted from export
control. The regulation concerning freely available products (public
domain) has remained unchanged.
Certain states that had initially demanded special treatment for "key
recovery" products have not have been unsuccessful. Thus the export of
encryption technology will remain possible without depositing keys
with government agencies.

@_date: 1998-12-10 03:55:13
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: German government press release on Wassenaar 
My first reaction was something along that line. However there are a
two important points to note:
1.) Officials point out that "export control" does not mean "export
restriction".  There are forms of "export control" (such as the
requirement to notify the Export Office of your exports) that do not
hinder the export of crypto software in any significant way.  So it
remains to be seen how Germany and other countries will implement
the new rules.
2.) The government has acknowledged that public domain software
remains unrestricted. This also applies to copyrighted software such
as PGP which "has been made available without restrictions upon its
further dissemination".

@_date: 1998-12-11 03:20:20
@_author: Ulf =?iso-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Wassenaar summary (and a funny new loophole) 
To summarize the crypto rules:
Software is freely exportable if it has been made available without
restrictions upon its further dissemination. Copyright restrictions
do not count.
Mass market cryto software is no longer covered by the General Software
Note, but by a Cryptography Note. Under that note, mass market software
and hardware is not controlled if it does not use symmetric keys longer
than 64 bits and the cryptographic functionality cannot easily changed
by the user.
Systems that do not meet those conditions are export-controlled if they
use symmetric encryption with more than 56 bit keys, algorithms based on factorization or on logarithms in finite fields with more than 512
bit keys (e.g. RSA, DH) or on discrete logarithms in other groups (such
as elliptic curves) with more than 112 bits. They may be exported for
personal use.
There are exceptions for execution of copy-protected software and
read-only media and for phones without end-to-end encryption.
The list contains an amusing editorial error which would for the first
time allow the export of strong crypto hardware. "Symmetric algorithm"
is defined to mean 'a cryptographic algorithm using an identical key for
both encryption and decryption', whereas an algorithm using 'different
mathematically-related keys for encryption and decryption' is an "asymmetric
Since the definition differentiates algorithms by symmetry rather than by
their cryptographic properties, there is no restriction whatsoever on
asymmetric secret-key encryption algorithms. Those algorithms typically
are not based on factorization or discrete logarithms. That is, they are
no longer controlled by the Wassenaar arrangement.
Better yet, mass-market crypto systems are not controlled if they
'do not contain a "symmetric algorithm" employing a key length exceeding
64 bits'. So you can use, say, 2048 bit RSA with an asymmetric secret-key
algorithm of 128 bit key length (so the system does not contain a symmetric
algorithm), and you're free to export it.
