
@_date: 1996-09-07 08:44:10
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: German prosecutors redouble attack on Net, subversive leftists 
One ISP uses a filtering proxy which still can access xs4all,
while blocking the HTTP port to  for their users.
Others simply block the IP number.
Of course, everyone still can use the mirror sites, the anonymizer,
open proxies, free Lynx accounts and www-by-mail services. The
prosecutors don't seem to understand that yet.
They are already rotating IP numbers. :)

@_date: 1996-09-07 14:26:59
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: ... subversive leftists 
Uh? Their sabotage "tutorial" is very careful about not causing
danger to humans. Where did you see any "explosive-warning" signs?
As long as there is no English translation available, please be exact
when posting excerpts.
Publishing texts doesn't destroy any railway signals. Some people
do; and IMHO everyone must have the right to inform themselves
how stupid those people are.
BTW, people say that there are much better descriptions of the
railway system in the legal literature which of course could be
used by saboteurs as well.
ObCypherpunks: The "Radikal" staff encrypted their data with the
export version of PCSECURE which uses 32 bit keys. All files have
been decrypted by the BSI. Now they are using PGP.

@_date: 1996-09-14 02:13:06
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: [Long] A history of Netscape/MSIE problems 
Schneier writes (2nd ed., p. 398): "This special export status has
nothing to do with the secrecy of the algorithm, although RSA Data
Security, Inc. has hinted for years that it does."

@_date: 1996-09-28 10:37:12
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: quotation 
Found in a sig file:
"The people involved in the crypto debate are all intelligent, honorable and
 pro-escrow, but they never possess more than two of these qualities at once."
        -- Kenneth Neil Cukier (100736.3602

@_date: 1996-10-11 15:35:07
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Crypto AG - Secret GAK Partner ? 
There is no need to. They have an archive at (you have to register before you can use it). The article was in
Der Spiegel 36/1996.

@_date: 1996-10-14 12:53:39
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: binding cryptography 
liberal (Japan) to non-liberal (France). We believe that "binding
   cryptography" is flexible enough to achieve this: a liberal crypto
   policy might use no Trusted Retrieval Parties at all, while a very
   non-liberal country might want one (government controlled) TRP, a
   compliance check on all network traffic and a ban on other crypto.
I doubt that even French internet providers would want their routers
to perform six modolo exponetiations and four modolo divisions
whenever someone opens a secure socket...
   We offered a solution for the *first* task not for the *second*; the
   point is that criminals(!) do not gain any real advantage from using
   the system in that way as they - among other things - still face the
   key-management problem. The above dicussions are only relevant in
   countries where the use of crypto outside the structure would be
   prohibited.
Of course, criminals do get real advantage from this system. They can
use strong encryption for their messages and super-encrypt them using
"binding" cryptography. So their illegal messages look perfectly
inconnous as long as their government trusts in the "binding" property
of this scheme. Only when the GAK key holder tries to decrypt a
message, they notice that they cannot read it.
Can you imagine that anyone would ever create a program that tries to
look like a conforming implementation, but generates invalid "binding"
data -- when it is so much easier to simply use PGP, and (if
necessary) disguise that fact using the government-approved encryption
software?  I don't, so in my opinion the verification process is
abolutely useless. One might say, binding cryptography, like several
other cryptographic protocols, is a nice 'solution', but one with no
corresponding 'problem' in the real world. :)  It doesn't help in
legitimate law enforcement, but it causes trouble to network operators
and it deprives law-abiding citizens of their privacy.
And criminals don't face "the key-management problem". In any GAK
scheme, the official keys can be used to certify other un-escrowed
encryption keys. Binding cryptography makes it just a little easier,
because there is no need to create any "illegal" key pairs. Everyone
can encrypt messages using the government-certified ElGamal keys,
and then repeat that process, this time including the data required
for goverment access.
   that use of other systems will always be possible. Also, the above
   discussions already showed that if such a system is voluntary, then
   there are lots of way to go around it.
Criminals will always find ways around these systems -- even if they are
mandatory. Just those who actually "have nothing to fear", will not
go in the risk to use illegal encryption. So governments can wiretap
law-abiding citizens, but not criminals. What useful is a system like

@_date: 1996-10-16 15:53:46
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: binding cryptography 
Sorry if my formulation was unclear. I ment to point out that it is
acutally easier to commit fraud in a way that is undectectable than
in a detectable way. So on the assumtion that the concept of binding
cryptography is a good thing, this scheme is flawed.
But to answer your question: Encryption software has already been
available for years. You may argue that PGP is not very user-friendly,
but it is secure and every computer user who takes the time to read
the manual can use it. So nothing much would happen that will not
happen anyway or has already happened.
But since - as you admit - it is not possible to stop criminals, the
question is: Do you want to cause a dramatic drawback in privacy and
create new potential security hole just in order to force criminals to
do a few hour's work of installing a secure encryption system from the
Internet, or when that is illegal buy it on the black market?
Then it is not even necessary to use additional software to circumvent
government access. The user can simply configure himself as TRP for
the inner layer of encryption and the official one in the outer layer.

@_date: 1996-10-18 10:28:45
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: EU: avoid "safe havens", make remailers traceable 
ILLEGAL AND HARMFUL CONTENT ON THE INTERNET
   Communication to the European Parliament, the Council, the Economic
   and Social Committee and the Committee of the Regions.
Table of Contents with some excerpts (full text at
1. The opportunities of the Internet
2. How does the Internet work?
3. Illegal and harmful content on Internet
            It is crucial to differentiate between content which is
            illegal and other harmful content:
 A. Illegal content
            Protection of the public order (child pornography, racist
            hatred, terrorism, fraud), and rights of individuals
            (breach of copyright, libel, invasion of privacy or
            unlawful comparative advertising)
 B. Harmful content
            Material may offend the values and feelings; depends on
            cultural differences.
4. Identifying and combating illegal content on Internet
 A. Technical limits to law enforcement
            Control can really only occur at the entry and exit points
            to the Network. Thus additional international co-operation
            is required to avoid "safe havens" for documents contrary
            to general rules of criminal law.
 B. The role of Internet access providers and host service providers
   i) Legal responsibilities
  ii) Self-regulation
 iii) Removal of files from the servers
  iv) Blocking access at the level of access providers
            Singaporean model is inconceivable for Europe as it would
            severley interfere with the freedom of the individual.
            Practical feasibility remains open to question.
            An approach which involes requiring access providers to
            block access to illegal content on a case-by-case basis
            has been followed recently by law enforcement authorities
            in Germany. A number of anti-blocking tactics were also
            immediately put in place. At the latest count, the
            document is mirrored on 43 WWW sites and 2 newsgroups and
            is available from an e-mail listserver. Upstream blocking
            of sites may therefore present a number of significant
            shortcomings. It may not prevent, in particular, criminal
            users from "hopping" from one Internet mode to the other,
            i.e. from a Web page, to a Usenet newsgroup, to standard
            e-mail.
 C. Anonymous use of the Internet
            Users of the Internet are normally identified. This is
            desirable in accordance with the democratic principle that
            individuals, while free to express their thoughts and
            beliefs, should nevertheless be accountable for their
            actions.
            Law enforcement authorities have expressed concern at
            various techniques which allow anonymous use of the
            Internet. This may facilitate sending illegal content by
            making it difficult or impossible to identify the
            offender. The legitimate need for anonymity should be
            reconciled with the principles of legal traceability. The
            Safety Net proposals take the view that use of truly
            anonymous accounts is a danger, while use of traceable
            pseudonyms is not. They propose measures to close known
            loopholes and improve traceability and that anonymous
            remailers record details of identity. These details would
            be subject to data protection legislation. The question of
            legal traceability needs work both on technical issues
            and on global co-operation in order for measures to be
            effective.
 D. Judicial and police co-operation at EU and international level
5. Dealing with harmful content on Internet
 A. The principle of freedom of expression
            The right to freedom of expression, as affirmed by the
            European Convention on Human Rights, can be subject to
            some conditions, is not absolute and subject to important
            qualifications, for instance permitting licensing of
            broadcasting or cinema enterprises.             Any regulatory action intended to protect minors should
            not take the form of an unconditional prohibition of using
            the Internet to distribute certain content that is
            available freely in other media.  B. The legal framework of the Internet market
            The measures must be appropriate to achieve the pursued
            objective and may not exceed what is necessary to achieve
            their aim.
 C. Parental control software: empowering parents to protect minors
            Useful as a "line of defence" at the end-user level,
            filtering software can also be applied at various
            stages in the transmission process, for example by
            host service providers or access providers.
 D. PICS: a global industry standard
 E. The extent to which filtering can be used
 F. European rating systems
 G. Educating the public
6. Policy options/conclusions
 1. Illegal content
    a) Co-operation between Member States
    b) Liability of access providers and host service providers
            Need for a common European framework to clarify the
            administrative rules and regulations which apply to access
            providers.
    c) Encourage self-regulation
 2. Harmful content
            Encourage the use of filtering software such as PICS.
 3. INTERNATIONAL ISSUES
    a) An International Conference
            At the Industry Council of 8 October 1996, the invitation
            by Germany to host an International Conference was
            accepted. This will involve representatives of
            law-enforcement authorities, together with representatives
            of providers and users: Discussion on the possibility of an
            international convention on illegal and harmful content.
    b) Extension of the dialogue
 4. Support actions
   a) Transparency mechanism
   b) Information Web site

@_date: 1996-10-31 13:43:26
@_author: Ulf =?ISO-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: German Draft Digital Signature Law 
Some more crypto-related news from Germany:
In Germany, online banking is a very popular application of the phone
company's online service T-Online.  Now Bank 24, a subsidary of Deutsche
Bank, is beginning to offer online banking on the Internet
They use SSL to transfer Java applets that securely encrypts the
financial data.  Export SSL is secure enough to guarantee that the
applets are authentic.  So much about exporting crypto hooks...
As journalist Detlev Borchers reports, the German tax consultants'
association Datev ( distributes a software toolkit
that allows their clients to transfer confidential data to the consultants
via AOL.  CompuServe or T-Online.  The toolkit uses PGP to encrypt the data.
At a press conference, the Datev spokesman was very surprised to learn
about political problems with encryption software -- because as he said,
the German tax authorities also use PGP (however, in a variant where the
patented IDEA algorithm has been replaced).
Last, but not least: Addison Wesley Germany has now published a German
edition of Applied Cryptography.  The book does contain source code.  I
wonder how they got the "munitions" from the US to the German printer?

@_date: 1996-11-07 05:24:54
@_author: Ulf =?ISO-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Euro Key Escrow 
There is an extensive survey at the European Cryptography Resources page,
The EU commission's group DG XIII has been discussing key escrow for quite
some time, but they have not yet been able to agree on a position.
Jerome Thorel has posted some rather scaring interviews with EU official
David Herson who is in favor of a key esrow scheme. Victor Mayer-Schoenfelder
reports that crpyo regulation is likely to be delegated to the more liberal
DG XV.
A number of member states, such as Denmark, very unlikely to accept key
Ross Anderson has analyzed Mitchell's scheme, drawing the conclusion that
"The GCHQ protocal is very poorly engineered." See
The final decision will almost certainly with the member states, because
cryptography is considered essential for national security.

@_date: 1996-12-04 17:34:07
@_author: Ulf =?ISO-8859-1?Q?M=F6ller?= 
@_subject: Re: Strong-crypto smart cards in Singapore and Germany 
For 'security reasons', all transactions are logged in what is called
'shadow accounts'. Not what I would call a very nice system.
