
@_date: 1996-02-09 07:18:35
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Report available: "Minimal Key Lengths for Symmetric Ciphers" 
ROTFL. Last time I checked, it was 128 bits. BTW, do you know what
"minimal" means?

@_date: 1996-02-11 13:50:38
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: DSN 
I am writing some more Scheme code (not optimized for size, though).
Have a look at

@_date: 1996-02-18 22:38:48
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Computer unmasks Anonymous writer... 
You can find some more information by searching for "stylometry" or
"forensic stylometry" on the net, and probably more in libraries.

@_date: 1996-03-13 03:28:24
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: German minister predicts collapse of governments 
German Minister of Justice: Governments' attempts to regulate the
 internet on their own are nonsensical, technically and economically.
 National states are obsolete. A crypto ban cannot be enforced.
The German news magazine DER SPIEGEL features a story about the internet, with
33 pages of the usual hype. However, there is a remarkable interview with the
German Minister of Justice, Edzard Schmidt-Jortzig:
The minister says that he is not glad about always having to talk about
control when concerned with the internet. According to him, the internet has
been getting on without any special laws. The discussion about pornography and
blocking programs reminds him of the discussion about the "dangerous device
TV" in his youth.
The state has legitimate interests in regulations, he says, but it is
"nonsensical, when those attempts are restricted to one country. The internet
has no borders. What is illegal in one state will simply be served to the net
elsewhere." He admits that in a way he is happy about that: "This whole
discussion still is at its very beginning."
Conceivably, providers could be obliged to block pages with illegal contents
to their customers, Schmidt-Jortzig says. However, such a step, performed by
the government on its own, would hardly make sense technically and
economically: Instead of going through the exteme effort of controlling the
contents, providers would simply move to countries such as Andorra,
Liechtenstein or Luxemburg. That would only increase telephone bills for the
customers, but Germany would lose many innovative businesses and jobs.
Propaganda from overseas could only be avoided by a world-wide convention or
UN treaty, but he does not expect any such things for the next 10 years.
Facing the development of technology, "our thinking in national categories
is no longer adequate. That way, we will not be able to control the net. I
rather think that we will have to say good-bye to the idea of enforcing
German law on the internet."
Of course, Nazi propaganda or child pornography would remain illegal in
Germany, but the question were if it can be enforced. "I can already imagine
those users sending their paroles and pamphletes to the net from Luxemburg,
deriding the helpless German authorities. I don't really think that
is great, but I don't see any solution."
"I think the internet with its unlimited possibilites of communication and its
anarchistic structure is one of the most amazing challenges the state
currently has to face. Faster than we would have thought, the traditional
national state will prove obsolete. A legislation ending at the borders of a
certain territory will be increasingly hard to defend." He knows that many
will find it difficult to bear, says Schmidt-Jortzig, "but we cannot outlaw
the internet only because it does not fit with the conception of life of some
[people living in yesterday's world]. Not even the Chinese can."
The idea of the global citizen in the internet, who no loger has to cope with
national ideas, is a nice vision, he says, but still very unrealistic. For
some time, national states would remain authoritative and defend their
function. "But I am afraid that this stuggle will eventually fail."
Schmidt-Jortzig says that the Bavarian prosecutors' proceed against CompuServe
has been absolutely legitimate, but if they will be sentenced were a totally
different question, because the accused had no way of verifying every internet
In a global community, there could be something like a net police. German
controls however, would be totally senseless today: "If I really were to
regulate the internet with laws and prohibition in spite of all argumentation,
then I would certainly need such control, a new federal Data Police. But I
think nobody would have such absurd an idea, as everyone knows that would
also mean the death of this innovative business field in Germany."
The state could not care for fully effective privacy on the net, but may have
to inform about the threads towards privacy. Schmidt-Jortzig does not see any
reason for banning encryption software the police cannot break: "Why should I
outlaw that on this still rather insecure media, people encrypt their private
mail, and be it only the results of the federal league." - "Even if I
wanted to, I could hardly enforce that ban. You can download encryption
programs for free on the internet. Meanwhile, there even is software that
allows you to undetectibly hide a message in normal e-mail. The state is
participating in a persuit race that it cannot win at all. Of course that does
not exempt us from having to try to persue in the beginning."
Asked about criminals using encryption, he says that he knows there will be
large scepticism if the state gives up that quickly. "Only, I am afraid that
those who work against this development will eventually have to lay down
arms. Any attempt to find a national solution will fail."

@_date: 1996-04-12 19:51:35
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Scientologists may subpoena anonymous remailer records 
On Wednesday afternoon, February 8th, three private investigators  visited the Caltech Security Office and the Campus Computing Organization. The P.I.s wanted to know the identity of the holder of the account "tc" on the Caltech Alumni Association computer system (alumni.caltech.edu). They claimed to have gotten the account name from the anon.penet.fi server via the Helsinki police. Due to the unusual nature of this request, the P.I.s were told that Caltech would need more information before this type of information could be given out. Later that day, an attorney representing the Church of Scientology called the campus computing support office demanding the name of the account holder. The attorney claimed that a document had been stolen from a CoS computer system, and that the  document had been posted to the a.r.s newsgroup from alumni.caltech.edu via the anon remailer. (The claim was the document was created on Jan. 21 and appeared in a.r.s. on Jan. 24). The computing support staff did not divulge the name of the account holder, and the CoS attorney was referred to the Caltech General Counsel's office.
The Computer Crime Unit of the Bunco-Forgery Division of the LAPD subsequently contacted Caltech security and asked for more information on the case. The LAPD wanted to know if a breakin to the CoS computer had occurred from the alumni system. Caltech told the LAPD that no evidence of such a break in could be found. The LAPD requested and was given the name of the "tc" account holder with the understanding that this information would not be divulged. A couple days after that Caltech was informed that the LAPD could find no evidence that a crime had been committed.
In the ensuing several days, the attorney and P.I.s representing CoS made repeated attempts (both via phone and by physically appearing on the Caltech and JPL campuses) to obtain the contents of the tc account and also the tape backups (the account holder had admitted to deleting most of the contents of the account). The CoS attorney produced a letter allegedly signed by the tc account holder allowing CoS permission to get the data stored on that account and the backups. Due to irregularities with both the letter and a phone conversation with the account holder, permission for CoS to have access to the data in the account was denied by Caltech.
After the CoS attorney and P.I.s continued their attempts to get the data, Caltech retained the counsel of an independent law firm. Soon after that, all communication with the CoS ended. One phone call from the tc account holder requesting the backup data was received by the computing support staff. This request was also denied. That was the last communication with the account Our analysis is that Caltech was caught in the middle of what appears to be an internal matter between the Church of Scientology and one of its members, who also happened to be an account holder on the Caltech alumni computer. No evidence that a Caltech computer was used to break into another computer, or was used to store stolen documents could ever be found.
I hope this serves to shine a little light on this chain of events.
Rich Fagen
Director, Campus Computing Organization
****************** end of cross-post ********************

@_date: 1996-06-10 13:32:51
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Report from Germany on "backdoor" net-censorship 
[German institutions' cancelling pornography, violence and Nazi
propaganda on Usenet will certainly have large international impact.
Thus I strongly suggest that you ask  for an official
translation.  I cannot guarantee for this rough translation to be
correct.  -- Ulf]
Press Release, June 5, 1996
Internet Media Counsil presents fist measurements for Voluntary
  [Voluntary Self-Control is the doublespeak term for censorship on
  pornography, violence, etc. It is, of course, not voluntary. um]
The leading Internet Serive Providers, on whose initiave the Internet
Medienrat, have deciced to found the Internet Content Task Force (ICTF)
for the purposes of Voluntary Self-Control. The ICTF will introduce
technical and organizational measurements to put up effective control
against contents harmful to minors and national-socialist propaganda
material. As a first step, the ICTF occupy itself with the News service,
and later with other forms of content transport in the Internet as
The Internet Content Task Force will supply a news server specificially
configured for purposes of self-control at DE-CIX, the national data
exchange point of the Internet Service Providers. Proof of origin of
critical articles will be processed by the server, archived in a data
base observing privacy laws, and stored at a central facility.
Furthermore, sample news articles will be suject to detailed legal
evaluation. Should this result in suspicion or proof of transportation
of illegal contents, the ICTF can launch various steps to work against
propagation of these contents. For example, it can arrange for
blocking of complete newsgroups or retrospect "Cancel" of articles
already transmitted. ICTF can direct possible criminal investigation
with help of its data base.
Criteria for the ICTF's proceed will be developed, evaluated and
continuously updated by the Internet Medienrat. As an independant
gremium, the Internet Medienrat tries to achieve a social consensus
in the use of online media without government [sic! um] censorship.
The formation of the Internet Medienrat, which is currently preparing
its working basis, is being pushed ahead by Prof. Goetze, COE of
Springer Verlag Heidelberg, and eco Electronic Commerce Forum e.V.
It will present its members and organization to the public on
September 19, 1996.
Federal Ministry of Economy. Min. of Economy Rexroth: "I appreciate
the German online industry's initiative to found an Internet Media
Counsil as a gremium of Voluntary Self-Control."
Background Information on the Internet Content Task Force (ICTF)
The problem of protection of minors and of spreading
national-socialist ideas in the new media - especially on the Internet
- is currently being discussed intensively and controversially.
Meanwhile, politics and investigation authorities have begun to
proceed against the distribution of illegal contents the the Internet.
In the past weeks, the press has been reporting intensively about
investigations against large service providers.
However, the current legal situation gives few starting points for
coordinated proceeding. Lawyers cannot even agree on who can and
should be punished for distributing contents relevant to criminal
law on the Internet. Depending on standpoint and interests, even
noted criminal lawyers hold different views. Some do not consider
distribution of pornography and national-socialist writings in
electronic form punishable at all, others even want to hold service
providers responsible for mere transportation of data. Mediating
opionions imply that only the author of the message be punishable.
The only strong fact in the complete discussion is that the matter

@_date: 1996-06-14 08:35:54
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Report from Germany on "backdoor" net-censorship 
A short update from Germany: The "ICTF" attorney has half-retracted
their announcement on Usenet. "ICTF" is going to be only an
advisory group for ECO members. They will make recommendations
about newsgroups that might be 'dangerous' to carry, and will
only react on individual articles when they are informed about
articles that would be illegal to keep on the news servers.
The "ICTF" plans to use a modified Cancel message format that
will only affect their members' servers.
He says that the press release was not addressed to the net
(well, they tried their best to hide it...) but to journalists
with no clue.
Of course, political harm has been done, but I am glad that the
Social Democratic Party's net expert has severly critizised this
censorship attempt in a press release and on Usenet.
For those who can read German (if you can't you'll sure find the
most important news on Declan's international censorship page), I
have put up a web page on "ICTF" at In September, we will see what they are really going to do
other than issuing bogus press releases.

@_date: 1996-06-19 22:58:37
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: German Federal Bank opposes e-cash 
[What follows is my translation of a Reuters news item as seen on a
mailing list.]
"Risks with computer money"
Frankfurt - the Federal Bank has once more warned against security risks
with computer money. There is the danger that "Cyber-Money" stored in
computers be counterfeited, said Directory Board member Edgar Meister
at a conference in Schwaebisch-Hall. In addition there were the danger
of money laundry, because the computer money could be wired across
borders without problems. Meister announced that, if necessary, the EU
Central Banks would take counter-measures, should computer money and
re-loadable payment cards endanger the monetary policy. (rtr/18.6.96)

@_date: 1996-07-03 11:56:28
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Info on alleged new German digital wiretapping law? 
The report is correct.
The mainstream press has completely ingnored the wiretap legislation,
probably because it is part of the long-awaited new telecommunications
law to end the Telekom monopoly.

@_date: 1996-07-03 11:54:43
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Message pools _are_ in use today! 
I agree that alt.anonymous.messages is not perfect. But if you
download all articles and don't post to alt.anonymous.messages
without using a remailer, the only real threat are denial of
service attacks with cancel messages etc.
I think a DC+ net would achieve the same degree of anonymity more
efficiently. (It's not trivial to estimate the traffic caused by
a remailer net as proposed by Ian, so I may be wrong there.)

@_date: 1996-07-04 08:43:15
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: Info on alleged new German digital wiretapping law? 
No. There are two points:
1) The network operators have to create a wiretapping system to be
approved by the Regulation Authority, and operate dedicated digital
lines for law enforcement access.  As I understand it, Internet
providers could be forced to duplicate IP packets to that line, when
wiretapping has been ordered.
2) They have to keep files of customer data (name, address, etc.) that
the Regulation Authority can access secretly at any time.

@_date: 1996-07-18 11:27:49
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: Re: How I Would Ban Strong Crypto in the U.S. 
The recent issue of the German law journal NJW-CoR contains a
report on the "ICC/BIAC/OECD Business Government Forum
on Global Cryptography" in Washington, D.C., 1996-05-07.
The author claims that the commerce representatives at the
conference said they understood that governments had legitimate
interest in key escrow and that key escrow could have commercial
The Japanese government delegation stated that they were shocked
about the American and European plans, because the Japanse
Constitution prohibits mandatory key esrow.
OECD will decide on crypto policy guilelines early in 1997.

@_date: 1996-09-03 09:31:22
@_author: Ulf Moeller 
@_subject: EFF chairwoman: Anonymity proven not to be a positive factor 
Esther Dyson, member of the board of directors of the Electronic
   Frontier Foundation and member of the National Information
   Infrastructure Advisory Council, spoke on the anonymity issue at the
   fifth Computers, Freedom & Privacy (CFP) conference in San Francisco.
                                      "I have a concern about the spread
   of bad behavior on the Net," said Dyson. "Anonymity figures into this,
   and I feel that it has proven to not be a positive factor. It breaks
   down the community which we are seeking to build, and cout protection
   and privacy laws already exist and should be applied in a broad way,
   such that they are transparent to new wrinkles in the technology. It
   is not necessary to view the world of the Net as different from the
   rest of the world."
[For EFF's former position on anonymity, see
