
@_date: 1993-10-25 16:19:13
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: help/subscribe 
In the event there is a human on that end,
I was a cypherpunk recipiant before I went home (Europe) for the summer.  Please sign
 me back up!
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-10-26 13:16:25
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re: help/subscribe 
Re:  Subscription requests and Bandwidth
It seems I perpetrated a vile and offensive error in sending a subscribe
request directly to the list.
My request of course generated a multitude of angry cypherpunks (Not the
type of people you want angry with you I might add) to reply and tell me
where to look and where to stick my request (in the most polite possible
ways I assure you....)
Now allow me to waste more bandwidth and apoligize :)
On another note:
Has anyone noticed the post regarding U Chicago's computer policy and it's
omnious overtones against psuedo and anonymous postings?  I believe it
was floating around alt.privacy and I was wondering if anyone had any
more idea about where it might go from there.
Despite the fact that I believe the policy to just be lacking in general
and its limitation on privacy in general an oversite, I wonder how much
intent was involved.  Shall I provide a copy of the offending policy or
has it circulated yet...?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-10-27 15:22:40
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re: Net Requlation 
->  kwaldman says:
        Say the best way to go is to become a perpetual tourist. That is
you don't have US citzenship and thus are not subject to it's taxes and
other nosy laws. [Not that other government's don't have nosier laws].
        1. If you don't have US citzenship, how do you get a passport? (Buy
it on sale from the Czech republic or what?)
Passports from many nations are available for real basic requirements.
By your use of the language "Perpetual Traveler" I assume you're talking
about the SCOPE international (i.e. Dr. W. G. Hill) materials.
The concept is this:  States like Liechtenstein (My home country) Thailand,
Lebaon, Luxembourg, Italy (the list goes on) are fairly easy to obtain
passports from.  Many countries issue "passports" that are seperate from
actual citizenship.  If you thus hold several passports, and maintain
residence for (say 6 months) a period of time, you are a perpetual
traveller, and not subject to taxation, military service, prosecution, death
....  All the usual.  Snake oil, it cures what ails ya.
The problem is that is doesn't quite work this way.  What ole DOC Hill is
saying isn't exactally unture, but it is misleading.
->  kwaldman :
        1. If you don't have US citzenship, how do you get a passport? (Buy
it on sale from the Czech republic or what?)
Well, in many countries, Liechtenstein a prime example, a sizeable investment
employing a certain amount of citizens is enough to "buy" you a passport.
Other channels (less up front) exist.  A sizeable account in (the prince's
bank) can get you a passport as well.
-> kwaldman :
        2.  Where do you live?  I mean I love to travel but after 3 or 4 weeks
of it I'm ready to settle down and hibernate for a long while. [Especially now
with a wife and 2 sons, I'd last about 2 days traveling :-)]  Somewhere
were I don't have to get thrown in jail for thinking the wrong thoughts.
[Which given the nature of this list most of us do, except of course our
NSA monitors :-)]
The concept is that you maintain several residences and spend time in each.
Expense is obviously a problem.
-> kwaldmaan :
        3.  Are the TELECOM connections there yet?  I saw this weeks
Economist and it looks promising but last time I was in Europe some of
my phone connections were less than perfect. [Even parts of the US leave
something to be desired].  I personally need a good phone line
(especially if I'm hundreds of miles from my customer), and a minimum of
56kbaud link for my computer.
This is a case by case basis.  Germany is pretty good, but on the whole
things are worse than the U.S.
->  kwaldman :
        4.  Customer interaction.  This is a problem, if you work on computer
systems that are unique or program custom software for these systems,
customer interaction is very important ( and in other areas I'm sure).
Yes email, video conferencing (expensive!) help but you either need to
be  there or have very good VR (which I have yet to see, this doesn't
mean much  as I haven't seen bad VR yet either).
Expense is going to be the key problem in general in any kind of tax exile
situation.  You're going to need to have the kind of business that can\
be run from anywhere without much need for local.  This is difficult in
Europe in general, but obviously it depends on your exact location and the
nature of your business.  Some might argue that the proximity of nations
makes for less travel expense in general and nullfies the cost of video
conferencing etc.... Again, specifics and your mileage may vary.
-> kwaldman :
        The one plus is that I believe there is still time (5-10) years
before the costs outweigh the benifits of living in the US and thus
there is time to plan things like what country to live in, which bank
to use in the channel isles and let technological advance solve some
of the bandwidth problems.
                Karl Waldman
I tend to agree with your assesment here.  If the current trend to centralized
power continues, I'm going to head home myself.  It's much nicer to be a
powerholder in a partially socialized nation than a power seeker.
The biggest problem is much as you put it.  The international data concerns
are much greater in Europe, and it is expensive to estlablish an alternative
residence and citizenship.
General comments:
When you refer to not having U.S. citizenship, and being a perpetual tourist,
are you refering to not holding ANY citizenship? or just one other than U.S.?
There is a distinct difference between being stateless and a perpetual tourist.
You might consider that the U.S. has a fairly low taxation rate compared to
other nations, especially the European nations that provide extensive social
Many nations will not allow you to dissove your nationality without consent.
See Generally, Convention on Certain Questions Relating to Conflict of Nationality Laws (1930).  See Also, Esphahanian v. Bank Tejarat, AWD
31-157-2 (1983), 77 AJIL 646 (1983).
Some nationalities are not often recognized when they are percieved to be
for tax purposes (Liechtenstein has had this problem with the U.S. for years)
Cypherpunk hitch:  When indeed crypto is regulated, and if privacy degrades
to the point in the U.S. where it's not worth staying here anymore, where
will you go and how?  Personally I love the fact that I hold two passports
and money abroad.  Privacy is a lot easier to maintain as such.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-10-29 14:43:26
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Nazis/Privacy/Cypherpunks 
- -> Observe the following exchange
[Stuff deleted, no value judgment implied.]
This practice is, IMHO, extremely unethical and dubious at best!
If the world's experiences are a metaphorical "object" bundled up in
a <.lib> somewhere in the cosmos, then *anything* that the Nazi's
did should be considered completely bugged code.  Why do we want to
inherit their flawed algorithm's?
[See note 1]
The whole point of the cypherpunk cause is to compile code from the
ground up--considering the ethics involved with decisions such as
rooting out 'nyms.
[See note 2]
Have we decided that it is now imperative to know the identities
of those on 'our' side (further fueling this polarization of 'us'
versus 'them')?
Let's leave behind this obsession with determining who's who; it
has taken us too close to the kluged code of Nazi history!  My eye
is on the prize...  ;)
[See note 3]
 --- still ------------------------------------
- -> so...
[Note 1]
Personally, I don't rule out examination of Nazi tactics as a
worst case scenario model.  Let's face it, as ugly and dark as
Nazi rule was, they did some things quite efficiently indeed.
Take state security.  The Nazi's had so perfected the process of
identifying dissidents and quashing opposition that aside from
the high ranking traitors, war time and early pre-war Nazi
Germany was probably the most stable dictatorship in history.
(From an internal and counter intelligence perspective anyhow
[See Barry Posen for more.])  The price, of course, was the death
of many, many innocents who were just perceived as threats
(camps aside.)
To rule out Nazi approaches, especially when dealing with
intelligence and counter-intelligence issues (which IMHO is
basically what cypherpunks is all about on some level or
another...) is plain silly. Current intelligence practices are
based a great deal on what was learned in WWII (OSS being
the basis for today's CIA etc...) I'll begin to differ when you start
talking about medical issues.
[Note 2]
No one writes code from "the bottom up" in the manner that you
suggest.  If that were the case we'd see the wheel invented time
and time again.  One of the reasons this mailing list exists is to
accomplish exactly the opposite.  That being to incorporate common
or even fringe ideas into the development of code for the common
purpose (The Prize as you adeptly put it.) so we don't HAVE to
build from the ground up every time.
[Note 3]
One of the ways we learn is through trial and error amongst
ourselves. It's funny that the list is beginning to lose some of
the major personas that were here when I first joined last fall
(winter?) Cypherpunks was a collection of experts, and newbies
all feeding off each other to push the technologies farther and
make a social impact encouraging privacy in the process.
Where better to defeat anonymous posting and improve the art
than among ourselves?
This brings up a side issue for me, and incidentally the reason I
rejoined cypherpunks (aside from my brief loss of net access
when I went back to Liechtenstein this summer).  More and more,
where I look, I see privacy in this country eroded.  It has gotten
to the point where I can see no other direction now than the
centralization of government in an age where technology makes
it a joke to keep track of individuals from what they buy, to which
toll booths they drive through, to which bank tellers they use, to
what they "Publish" on the net.
I feel that a hands on approach for government becomes more
and more dangerous the farther technology progresses.  Information technology is like nuclear technology in this way, you just can't tell
how it will be applied, to liberate, or to oppress.  Either is possible.
Will something not have to give if we are to be reasonably secure
in the belief that a brutal and powerful dictatorship will not
succeed in this country?
I will be the first to admit that the U.S. is not likely to fall to
such a fate in the next (insert number appropriate to your ideology
here) years, but if it does, it will be a dictatorship/authoritarian/
centralized power the likes of which no one has ever seen.
The tools exist to make freedom meaningless.  Personally I'm
not secure enough relying on the balance of powers as the
only safeguard.  The omnipotence that any authoritarian power
would have in this country, a country where the pizza delivery
man punches up your usual order and doesn't have to ask for your
address or credit card number when you call (In 2 years will they
have to answer the phone at all?), is staggering in its scope.
If the Nazi's took power in such an environment... phew.
Personally (yet again) with the prospect of national health care,
the card to be issued at birth, and the adjoining files to be collected
on anyone who claims anything under it, I am that much more
sure that everyone should establish three or four identities complete
with documentation before acquiring such documentation becomes impossible anymore.
(Speaking of which, does anyone know if the Social Security act of
1974 which limited the use of Social Security numbers and tried to
form some basic (albeit limited) privacy to card holders has any
counterpart in the health card?)
There is great safety in anonymity.  I intend to keep it.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-10-29 14:44:07
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Style Analysis 
- -> Back when jpinson said....
[Stuff deleted, no value judgment implied]
The researchers analyzed the frequency distribution of words
found in the works of Shakespeare, and compared them to the other
writers of the day.     I don't recall the results of the
project, but that kind of research would have implications for
anonymous postings.
It is not too difficult to see how certain spelling errors, word
frequency (how often do you say 'I':-) choice of wording, and the
working vocabulary of an individual could  allow you to
identify an anonymous poster.  This would be particularly easy if the
individual also posted under their real name.
[Stuff deleted, no value judgment implied]
This brings up the subject of how one can post without
leaving an "ASCII fingerprint".  I suspect the use of a spelling
checker and grammatical checker would help.    Perhaps running
your text through a language converter, (say English to French)
then back would remove many identifying characteristics.
Jim Pinson                     Galapagos Islands
PGP key available by finger    jpinson
- -> to which I reply:
It seems to me that the software to "filter" a message through and
remove anomalies, standardize punctuations and replace words
over 5 letters with more standard words.. etc.. has a kind of
utility.  I particularly like the two sweep translation program
idea.  If enough people used this software it would become
meaningless to attempt this kind of analysis, which looks to
be straightforward enough to give even the persistent
investigator a "gut feel" for the identity of an otherwise
anonymous poster.
It seems that the most solid basis for this kind of message
analysis is non-standard use of grammar, spelling, and
punctuation. I, for example, use too many commas.
Anyone have any information on what factors identify
posters?  Is it just word frequency analysis or...?  It would
be easy enough to correct that.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-02 20:42:15
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Nazis/probability of their mention and/or use to discredit 
Message 53:
- From owner-cypherpunks Mon Nov  1 10:35:58 1993
[Stuff Deleted]
If I understand your basic point to be:  "consider the worst
possible scenario in order to better prepare for it" then I
agree completely.  However I have serious reservations with
emulating or (gadzooks!) *admiring* those Nazi tactics that
seemed to "work" because I would disagree that, first they
actually did work, and more importantly, that their ends
justified the means.  Which brings me to your second point:
- ->
Let me make clear that I do not (gadzooks appropiate here)
condone any Nazi security measures.  My point was more
to provoke thought about how Nazi security techniques
would pan out in the information age.
Again, the question, did they work, is debateable.
I disagree.  (Semantics check:  I'm not talking about a mouse driver
or a basic windowing interface here.  Obviously, there's no need to
hammer out that wheel again.)
I am talking about what I see as a basic cypherpunk mission, that
being, "the constant reevaluation of the approach towards privacy."
We have the ability to constantly rip apart our own ideas, like
children's ABC blocks, and see if they fit back together again
in a better way.  I would prefer to see constant rewrite's of a
"given" (like PGP for instance) than to stagnate and rely on the
one idea, concept, or proof just because we've always done it
that way.  Our code should be like our ethics: constantly re-
evaluated, questioned, and tested for validity.
- ->
I interpreted your ground up analogy incorrectly.
I do believe that ideas should be examined and reassembled.
I just think it's silly to rule out anything that might have
merit.  (I guess I'm just determined to be flamed here on
the merit of anything Nazi)
- -uni- (Dark)
 --- still --------------------------------

@_date: 1993-11-04 20:27:41
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re:  ViaCrypt PGP has arrived 
I was with you all the way until you said:
I realize that by not compiling the code myself on my own machine I basically
have to trust the ViaCrypt PGP implementation.  So be it.  If there is
something wrong with ViaCrypt PGP I believe it will eventually be discovered.   Someb
ody will no doubt disassemble it and look for backdoors.  If someone finds
one, ViaCrypt's reputation will be worthless.  It's in ViaCrypts best interest  not t
o put in any backdoors.
Call me paranoid:
I'd never take what it's in someone's "best interest" as a major factor in predicting actions.  Look at the crime
section of the local paper or that bit called "news of
the wierd"
I happen to agree with you this time, though it would be nice
if ViaCrypt had included the code and a compling mechanism.
I suppose this is outside the realm of marketing possibility though.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-06 13:18:02
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re:  (fwd) ViaCrypt PGP ships today 
For some reason it occured to me that were CiaCrypt (oops, slip... sorry)
to want to provide an unsecure product to the general cryptography
public, the best way to do it would be to attack the security of the
secret key password.
To me, the fact that Phil Z. has vouched for the program is enough
for the moment.
If the key password were attacked, output would not be affected.
I'm sure this is no revelation to most of you.  As for the rest,
See how smart I am?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-06 23:38:05
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) ViaCrypt PGP ships today 
I don't see how this would be of much help tho.  Putting a weakness in
the secret key password wouldn't help them much since they don't have
your secret key.  Furthermore, they couldn't easily change it without
making it incompatible with previous keys.  If I wanted to subtly weaken
oh,  yeah.
I knew that.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-09 11:58:39
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re:  Modem taps/Caller ID 
There was an intersting thread in comp.dcom.telecom about something
called the "Presto Chango!" box, that transmits bogus CID information
after the call is answered, so you can easily confuse most CID boxes
in the market.
        Luis
anyone have more info?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-09 20:38:47
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re: Are we gatewayed to Usenet? 
This brings up the question,
In the event _the net_ were centralized, and not a disperate
entity, how might selective distrubution be affected?
I would reccommend that if certain sites become a
problem by attracting flamers, communists, liberals, or government
authoritarian types, that we could remove them on a case-by-case basis.
In the event this became a problem, how might a theoretically
"private" or "psuedo-private" (constructively private?)
newsletter/mailing list be restricted.
Even today, what recourse do we have to keep the circulation
of the list minimal, and (egads) filter the readers such
to keep bandwidth low and flame / agitator disruption to a min.?
Doesn't this smack of censorship, and if so where's the line
between censorship and exclusivity, and is cypherpunks
even really exclusive?  It was nice before the summer when
the list was a little less well known and it had that
"private feel" that I think T. May was talking about.
Is there a basic conflict between impact power of the list
as a political sway force and that personal feel?

@_date: 1993-11-09 20:58:48
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Clipper/  Dead? 
This is welcome news, indeed.  I can see why AT&T would be pissed -- if
it gets out that the Clipper/SkipJack/Capstone combo is a major step
towards Big Brotherism, then their whole "You Will" commertial series
will not be accepted as well as I think it has so-far.
Time to pat myself on the back.
Way back just before Clipper was announced loudly, AT&T (who knew
very well at the time that they were going to actively back
Clipper) was running the individual plan ads.  You know the ones,
with Aretha Franklin chanting out "Freedom....Freedom...FREEDOM."
Individual plan?
You Will?
AT&T knew all along it might be a damage control project.
Same way Dow Chemical began running ads before their
new project on Binary weapons was outed.
What you have here is a company that is trying to portray itself
as a maverick in liberating technology that talks out of both
sides of its corporate mouth.
I mentioned it at the time too here.
(You heard it here first.)
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-10 02:13:17
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re:  put me in your kill file 
ld231782 ->
BTW, there is no need to inform me that I am in your kill file. That
would be rather pointless and defeat the purpose of defeating communication!
Pointless is this entire endevor.
And people wonder why cypherpunks has deteriorated.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-10 15:19:00
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Privacy, Property, Cryptography (long) 
I guess this is particularly political, but I thought it interesting enough to attach to cypherpunks.
Subject matter appropriateness flames by E-Mail please.
Questions of Privacy and Property:
How Encryption narrows the focus.
- ->
There is no right to privacy in this country.
conception and invention that, for the most part, has little foundation.  There are constitutional provisions that _suggest_ privacy, but none that "assure" it.  To enforce a right to privacy in court, judges have to do a lot of reaching.
that they had not consented to the "social contract" or "convention" that gave the government the right to "violate" their "privacy" or collect data on them.  I agree with you on principal (oh, unnamed privacy patron) but unfortunately logically I can't.
limited in that, unlike other rights founded in a Natural Rights precedent in the state of nature.
tend to work down from grand principals.  In the past, these principals have their root in a concept of the "State of Nature" or the Creation myth.  e.g., Property exists and is enforceable because God created the Earth for common use, and what you take, and can reasonably put to use, becomes yours by means of the labor you put into it (Locke).
quite beyond me.  It seems almost ingrained in the culture of Natural Rights that the Divine was all knowing.  It leaves little basis to find a protection for privacy in Natural Rights theory.
These are almost always more empowering to the judicial system, with a concept that the judge was not just a tool to enforce law, but to shape it as well.  In the 1920's-30's we begin to see more and more frequent legal applications of nebulous "balancing tests" to replace the bright line rules as a result.  Unfortunately the departure of the formalist approach takes with it the notion of the public and private spheres distinction.  The progressive movement began to blend the spheres, and what distinction was left between them was gelded by the notion that the public sphere was the larger and more important of the two.  Farewell individual rights, hello good of the collective.
absolute right of privacy gets little attention today.  Instead we see privacy taking a back seat to public elements like the war on drugs and national security.  Avoiding for a moment the basic conflict between security and liberty, so long as the "establishment" can assert that a particular action is for the good of the public, it will justify the removal of any right or Privacy is really not a right to begin with but a privilege.  Before you get up in arms, and make analogies to driver's licenses, consider the following, courtesy of Hohfield.  Every entitlement is either a right or a privilege.  All rights have corresponding duties, (by definition in Hohfield's explanation) privileges by contrast are met on the other side by the existence of a no-right.  For example:  If I verbally assault Tom on the street, he has no legal recourse.  I have the privilege of verbal assault, and Tom has a no-right relationship with my privilege.  He has no right to redress.  If I burn down Tom's house, Tom has had his right (to use and enjoyment of land) violated, and as a result, I have a duty not to infringe on that right.
It wasn't that you had a right to privacy, but rather that everyone else had no-right to pry.  Privacy was in a Hohfieldian manner, a privilege.  Today this changes.  Privacy, or more accurately LACK OF PRIVACY, is now a duty.  The social security administration has a RIGHT to assign you a number.  The IRS has a RIGHT to poke around.  The FBI has a RIGHT to tap your phone (with cause, [or not]).  We have gone from a privilege to the opposite side of a right, a duty in effect.
information.  Technology makes it easier to avoid the "duty" of disclosure.  One way or another, something will give.  Privacy is on the fence right now with a movement to a government entitlement against it.  Cryptography will either force the hand, or force a backdown.  Which one is a matter of conjecture.
become guarded by right to privacy, with the typical bundle of property rights that follows such a designation.  Right to use, right to exclude, right to transfer the property of information, personal or proprietary.  This opens the door for more radical injunctive and money damage relief for the violation of these rights than is currently available.  It is with this goal in mind that I approach my support of cypherpunks and cryptography.
counterintuitive to expect citizens to submit to a duty of disclosure as is the current practice and direction.  Even with respect to business and banking, the only reason identity has become important is with the rise of the credit transaction.  There is simply no need for identity disclosure with cash transactions.  Numbered bank accounts and even lines of credit exist and will continue to prosper.
Thank you for your time and attention.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-10 21:23:26
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: smuggling currency 
- ->
Interesting scenario.  I buy one of these babies for $100,000 in
Switzerland.  I arrange to have it not yet "turned on."  (Many of the prepaid phone cards must be activated before they can be used.) I the US carrying a card worth $0.  I order it activated.  Suddenly I have a
$100,000 cash card in the US without having imported $100,000 into the I wish it were so,
Looks to me like this violates the following:
18 USCS 1001
18 USCS 1956
31 USCS 5316
The basic thrust is this:
You can't transport a monetary instrument worth more
than $ 10,000 without filling out the appropriate customs
report.  The real killer here is the title 31 code.  Which reads
liberally enough to bite you.  Specific language reads something
like "...shall not construct a transaction to evade reporting
requirements...."  The fine provision allows for $500,000 or twice
the value of the monetary instrument.  Hefty indeed.  I think they
take this seriously.  If you bring the money in with the intent to
avoid taxes, you have a second count, and could be in it for up to
four times the amount you smuggled.
I like the thinking, the court is less likely to.
All your transaction does (unfortunately) is delay the importation
of the "currency" until after the plane trip.  You're still required
to report the transaction, the card just makes it easier to get
away with it.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-11 02:29:04
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re:  The Depravities of Cypherpunks 
I have sympathy,
Really I do.
But we are all really tired of hearing about it.
Take it somewhere else.
I shouldn't HAVE to use my killfile on a mailing list.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-11 02:34:04
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Re: Privacy, Property, Cryptography (long) 
And this intuition of yours seems to be reflected in law and statute to a
greater degree than you're allowing elsewhere in your essay.  For example, U.S.
Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis said that the "right to be left alone is
the most comprehensive of rights and the right most valued by civilized men."[1]Yet y
our opening lines are
The only statues giving any kind of "Right to privacy" that have
any weight at all are full of holes.  For the most part a right
to privacy has been EXTRACTED from them, usually without much basis.
Even Brandeis has his reservations (International News Service v.
Associated Press)  Again, the right to privacy is not constitutionally
reserved, and is almost entirely a construction of common law.
Hohfield sounds like an interesting read.  Can you give a reference?
Let me dig up the bio on him and drop it here.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-11 23:59:23
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: privacy/property 
- ->
As I recall, Dark, INS v. AP is copyright/First Amendment case, not a privacy case. (International News Service was cribbing from AP stories.)  What does Brandeis say in this case that seems to be a reservation about  privacy rights?
Although the basis for the case was superficially a copyright case, because it involved injunctive relief, the Justices had to reach for a protection of property rights to uphold the injunction.  This was my point, that privacy should be linked to property rights so as to open the way for more than simple forced transactions by entitlement and monetary damages in relief.
Consider Justice Brandeis' comments at the beginning of his    No question of statutory copyright is involved.  The sole question for our consideration is this: Was the International News Service properly enjoined from using, or causing to be used gainfully, news of which it acquired knowledge by lawful means [...]  _International News Service v. The Associated Press_, 248 U.S. 215, at 249 (Brandeis, J., Dissenting).
As for the hook in on property and privacy, consider:
The general rule of law is, that the noblest of human productions - - knowledge, truths ascertained, conceptions, and ideas - become, after voluntary communication to others, free as the air to common use.  Upon these incorporeal productions the attribute of property is continued after such communication only in certain classes of cases where public policy has seemed to demand it.  _International News Service_, 248 U.S. 215 at 250 (Brandeis, J., This is just in 1918.  Even here we see the public sphere taking the lead role.  Enter the progressives of the 20's.  This was a touch beyond my point, however.  My focus was more that even back then there was a recognition that intellectual production had to be guarded with property rights.  Applying the law of capture to intellectual pursuits like the news?  If privacy rights existed, why go so far?  Business and proprietary news protected by a long stretch of property rights?  To me this is just a bridge to jump the missing privacy rights gap.  Granted this is not an ideal case, but it illustrates the attitude (and it was the only Brandeis case that jumped to mind when replying quickly to your note :)  )
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-12 11:29:33
@_author: Dark 
@_subject: Privacy/Property 
Mr. Godwin
- ->
I note that the ruling against INS would probably not occur today in the post-Feist world.
Mr. Godwin
- ->
I don't see how this reads as Brandeis's having a reservation about privacy. Perhaps the premier legal theorist about privacy issues in the last 100 years, Brandeis is simply noting that privacy isn't a given--one must actively work if one is to preserve it. This is perfectly consistent with cypherpunk philosophy, IMHO.
I concur, and add that this is a long cry from reading any
"Right to Privacy" into the law.  If indeed Brandeis is asserting that privacy isn't just "given" (Your assessment with which I agree) then isn't this a reservation about a existing "right to privacy"?  It's possible, Mr. Godwin that the only level we differ on is semantics and definitional?
I like the cypherpunk approach, very much.  Self empowerment is a rewarding and self regulating regime.  I would like to see broader remedies available for privacy enforcement.  You can't sit on your porch with a shotgun all day and keep trespassers off.  It's a well accepted premise that a determined attacker will always prevail, given enough resource.  Or at least cause lots of problems trying.  It would be nice if this were an option, but not the ONLY manner of protection.  No?
Cypherpunks is about change of attitude as well not so?
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-15 00:55:53
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: LD 
- ->
- From owner-cypherpunks Mon Nov 15 01:49:02 1993
Some miscellaneous psychopunk (I forget who, they are all interchangeable) said
You know, I've been listening to our Mr. Detweiler here for some time without voicing much other than the occasional "let's get on with more serious business" message to the list.  It wasn't until I realized how well Mr. Detweiler fit into a persona archetype I recognized that I even thought I'd dignify his posts to the list with a response.
I guess it was this quotation header that clicked it.
- ->
Some miscellaneous psychopunk (I forget who, they are all interchangeable) said:
A cynic recognizes the bad in everything and the good in nothing.  (Or something to that effect.)  Mr. Detweiler seems to have to have a face to associate with all of us to consider us distinct.  While he may consider this "normal" I think it's just behind the times.  It seems that Mr. Detweiler is offended by the idea that he may not have superficial criteria to judge his associates by in the coming decades.  Color of skin, tone of voice, sexual preference, this sort of thing.  I think this might make some more sense after we look at some more of Mr. Detweiler's quotes.
Just consider the percentage of content in his posts that actually contains some constructive criticism or commentary, this passage is illustrative:
- ->
wow! a break in the clouds! a breath of fresh air! who is `we'? please elaborate! This miscellaneous psychopunk is posting from MIT. Do you think his burdensome flesh-cucoon (sic) is in Boston? or California?
AT LAST! HONESTY! (even if it is criminal or perverted)
It seems possible that Mr. Detweiler is unable to conduct an open debate without resorting to sarcastic and unprofessional barbs.  His arsenal is obviously reduced with the lack of physical characteristics to criticize.
- ->
Psychopunks, I'm most impressed with this new atmosphere of open
advocation of pseudoanonymity instead of all the black disinformation snippets about `true anonymity' and all the other nonsense about it not being widespread, no cypherpunks being personally involved, etc. for the dreary 10 months or so I've been here. What trouble and heartache for all of us you have caused me in pretending it isn't! Finally, they Come Out of the Closet. Imagine -- having to hide in your own neighborhood for so long. Really, it's all right. There, there.
Seething with self righteousness and condescending remarks, behind a electronic veil just as much as the rest of us, it seems Detweiler has little of substance beyond emotional appeals that seem to shout "Far right - Lambs of Christ." in their methodology.  Given the length, number and intellectual diarrhea styles of his posts, it seems Detweiler has little else to do.  It looks to me as if this goes a long way to explain the need to dominate and attract attention.
Consider again:
- ->
When will the articles on Pseudospoofing come out in Wired and NYT? Oh, let's see, there's Newsweek and all those other places too. Please, tell me, I'm really in a tizzy. I'll have to call Mr. Kelly and Mr. Markoff and tell them of your new openness. I'm sure they will be quite interested!
I'd be surprised to find that Mr. Detweiler has not read any Mike Royko, he tries so hard to emulate him.
- ->
So, I would like to collect a list of all the Psychopunks who are
PSEUDOSPOOFERS and PROUD OF IT. Please, describe your lovely
techniques, all the pain and victimization you have gone through from your tormenters (sic) (like me), and how you are going to Change the World so that Pseudospoofers can Live without Harassment. `Live and Let Live'. Sort of like Gay Pride
Mr. Detweiler really throws his hand here.  I suppose we are supposed to be insulted with the analogy to the Gay Pride movement?  Perhaps homophobia and privo-phobia are linked somehow?  This lofts the scent of the far left centralist socialist or the far right fascist, terrified by discontinuity and even more mortified with the thought that it might be difficult to keep tabs on such individuals.
- ->
When are you going to stick it in your charter, anyway? How pseudospoofing == privacy == anonymity == pseudoanonymity == pseudonymity == holy liberation == bliss? What a delicious mystery. Life a SF book by Card. What a Card.
Note the religious reference.
- ->
Also, I'm still waiting for some kind of comment from those *fabulous* leaders of yours. They're so coy with me. They've been flirting with me since I've been on the list. It's really sexy and erotic, actually, the way they strut around. You can look, but you can't touch! They're real masters at the dance. Ooooooh... just FABULOUTHS.
I shouldn't need to point out the homosexual references again, but I think it important to note that they are all derogatory in nature.  The slur on FABULOUTHS just kills me.
- ->
Hey guys, you are so clever with the cyberspatial software tricks. Here's something I think you should come up with.
THE PSEUDOSPOOFING GAME
[About 600 words deleted]
These `pseudospoofed virgins' should be raped for great sport and satisfaction. You could get together afterwards and drink a few beers and brag about your scores and conquests, and how they wailed or cried at the end.
Between homophobia, the introduction of non-consensual sex and Viking locker room talk, the conclusions about Mr. Detweiler's own feelings of inadequacy jump out without much need of Regardless, Mr. Detweiler's posts are just not present in any constructive commentary it all.  He is quite good at stirring up emotions and irritating people beyond their ability to restrain themselves (note my post).  But when it comes to any original thought, I've seen little or nothing.  He's what I used to call "fluff" in law school.  Great at cutting people down with words, but couldn't win an oral argument with a live judge present if it meant his life.  Mr. Detweiler seems to think that cute one liners are fatal to reason.   Unfortunately, cute cut downs do not a well structured argument make.  Middle management material if I ever saw it.  Maybe a shift supervisor?
"C'mon Williams, your 'ole lady keep you up late last night?  Or was it your boyfriend, you queer?  Stevens, how nice of you to join us, you're ready for work this morning?  Wow! A break in the clouds! A breath of fresh air!  Now get to work you bums!"
Perfect illustration that a saboteur need not be clever at all, but only disruptive and persistent enough to be annoying and prevent anyone from unharassed constructive discourse.  In this regard I'm afraid he's won.  There is a agenda here, it seems to me that if Mr. Detweiler is not willing to follow it, and stay ON the path, perhaps he should be asked and then encouraged to leave.  I'm sure cries of censorship would abound, but at this point, I feel that these could hardly cause more trouble.
- -uni-(Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-17 02:01:06
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: privacy and rights (long reply) 
** My comments in []'s **
"Congress shall make no law...abridging the freedom of speech..."
Mike or another with legal expertise can correct me, but I believe it hasbeen shown more than once that privacy can be a necessary condition for freedom of expression.
[I am "another with legal expertise,"
The instances you refer to are almost always in regard to pornography.  Common law conceptions.  These are as stable as the majority that sits on the court.  Today that means nothing.
I want more.]
"The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable seraches and seizures, shall not be violated..."
This does not spell out the word "privacy", but the implications would appear to be plain.
[Someone once said, "never fall back on common sense when reading the law."  There is no right to privacy here, just the right of the government to decide what privacy is.  This is a due process argument, and any legal scholar knows that the word "unreasonable" means whatever the jury or judge says it means.  Hardly plain.]
"cruel and unusual punishment [shall not be] inflicted".
This MIGHT be grounds for the conclusion that privacy is a right, in such cases where violation of that privacy may be construed as cruel, or [more likely] unusual punishment.  Theoretically.  I make no pretense at being an attorney, or having a wide knowledge of caselaw, I'm just arguing from a philosophical and logical [Might, should, would, could.  Hardly the firm RIGHT to privacy I was looking for.]
The 9th Amendment:
"The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people."
Looks pretty cut and dry right there.
[With regards to natural rights, sure.  (consider the time frame)
with regards to privacy?  I don't think so.]
The 10th Amendment:
"The powers not delegated to the Unites States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the states are reserved to the states respectively or to *the people*" [emphasis added.]
Again, pretty cut and dry.
[Sure, but saying what?  "The people" today is really just the "elected" government.  This is a collective right, not an individual one, as privacy MUST always be.]
"No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States;"
This takes care of the state level as well as federal it would [But what does it take care of?  Show me the words "citizens are
entitled to the unalienable right of privacy in their personal endeavors."  or even "reasonable right of privacy in their personal endeavors."]
I make no claim that this is a perfect analysis, but it is food for thought.
[This is the problem with interpreting law without having some background.  Words that are clear cut before your first year of law school means entirely different things three months into the first year.  Not that you have to be a law school graduate to read the law, but it's easy to confuse the law and morality.  They are simply not the same thing.]
It would appear to me that unless one takes privacy to be neither a right in any manner at all, ever, under any circumstance, nor to be:
a) a power not delegated to the federal govt. or
b) a power not forbidden to the states or specifically delegated to the states
then privacy must perforce be a right or power of the people.
[Your argument is a natural rights one.  You argue that because it is not restricted, it exists.  Holmes would sneer at you.  I personally wish it were so.  There is simply no philosophical basis for privacy in natural rights.  Scholars would love to find Tell that to the wolf who will happily kill you for invading it's territory. Tel that to the same wolf who drags your corpse back to it's private, and jealously defended, private burrow or other [This is a might makes right argument.  It has no bearing on the social contract setting behind natural rights theories.  You might as well argue that murder is in the scope of natural rights, and that privacy is available only to those who have the power to ensure it for themselves.  In our case, those who have the technical means to use strong crypto.  (Consider Clipper in this light.]
I'm not a proponent of natural rights, just pointing out a gaping hole or 2 in this line of reasoning.
[Nor am I, but I think the reasoning stands.]
This would appear to be a pretty good analysis.
[Thanks  :) ]
I think the reason is closer to propaganda.  If the media at large told people they should want privacy, the odds are they would want privacy. Right now shooting coke dealers is more "sexy", and I think it a fair assessment that most Americans take their social cues, and much of their ethics, priorities, and other important aspects of personality from tv and other media, for better or worse.
[The power in the media, I would argue, has a direct source in the amount of progressive legal thought present in the 20's-50's  But I think you're right, media has plenty to do with it in setting the agenda.  It would be nice to have pro-crypto media out there, but shouln't we start with pro-individual rights media.  It just seems to me that pro-individual rights anything is considered politically extreme these days.]
This is the reason that getting pro-crypto media attention is essential.  Only when the people realize that drug dealers and largely imaginary terrorists are a far smaller threat than loss of privacy and other rights, will the pendulum swing back.
[No, it's only when people find a BASIS for the right to privacy  that will withstand the arguments of whatever next evil (NAFTA, immigration, insert ideologically appropriate demon here) the [administration?] trumps up that the pendulum will swing back.  This requires a departure from the collective premium put on rights of society today to an individual rights regime.  This is a proposition that lacks practical potential.  I just don't see it happening.  People are too happy to give up for the "common good" in the current scheme of things.]
Please explain to me then the presence of laws against peeping tomism, trespassing, interception of wire communications, etc.  It appears clear to me from these laws that privacy, of one sort or another, is considered to be a right, at least in certain applications and circumstances.
[These are statutes that throw handfuls of sand in potholes.  They mostly exert a no-right / privilege relationship over peeping toms not a right / duty relationship in favor of showerers.  If privacy is so solidly a right in common law and statute, tell me why there is not a distinct action for tortuous invasion that doesn't lean on willful PUBLIC EXPOSURE of private The law that created the SSN was not intended to violate privacy.
[Perhaps not, but what it has become is the issue here.]
It is in fact primarily the states, and especially the private sector, that misuse this tax number to violate privacy.
[True the states contribute, but to say that this absolves the federal system is silly.  Please explain the current requirement by the IRS (a federal entity) that dependent minors must submit a SSN number to be claimed on parental tax returns in this This is vague.
[So is the basis for IRS invasion, and the limitations of such If you mean the IRS has a right to poke around in your
records to make sure you are not cheating on your taxes, this is not a right but an entitlement
[State sovereignty over citizens is a right in the deepest meaning of natural rights.  Taxes are some of the most jealously held of these rights.]
(i.e. a privilege that restricts a right.)
Similarly a court can demand that you show this document or that.  This is indeed a violation of your right to privacy, but in it's position as an entitlement, it is no different that civil forfeiture, searches, emergency confiscation of a vehicle by police for use in a chase, or the forcing (at gunpoint if necessary) citizens from their own property in situations of impending disaster, subpoenas, etc. etc. etc.  This is not a new [No indeed not, quite an old one.  That's my point.  You never had a "right" to privacy to begin with.  Just a privilege which is slowly turning into a duty.]
Only under certain, very limited, circumstances, [I question the use of the word "limited" here]
and again this is not a right but an entitlement, since it by definition infringes a right.
[You are making the mistake of proving that a right to privacy
exists by assuming it does in the process of your argument.  Assuming that which is to be proved.]
If you don't "get" the distinction, try on this simple example: you have a right to swing your arm (and please note that it, like the right to privacy, is another of those rights not specifically enumerated, but covered by the 9th Amendment), but I have an entitlement to not be hit in the face by your swinging arm.
[Or a RIGHT to enjoy life, liberty property, pursuit of happiness, etc.]
My entitlement supercedes your right, but only under certain circumstances (e.g. when my face is in imminent danger of being struck by your arm, or has already been struck - assault, and battery respectively, if intentional - but I cannot use my entitlement to demand that you _never_ swing your arm).
[You're confusing right and duty.  You have a duty not to strike me with your arm.  I have a right not to be stricken.  Duty and right are judicial opposites (Hohfield)  Tort law deals with this in depth.]
The FBI's attempt to make their very limited entitlement to wiretapping into a duty of the populace and the market failed dismally, when their "Digital Telephony" proposal collapsed.
[Again, your definition of entitlement seems to hinge on the assumption that there is a right to privacy.]
There is no such duty, except under the limited circumstances where an entitlement of the govt. requires it.
[Like Social Security numbers, Tax disclosures, foreign holdings disclosure, import-export transactions, the list goes on....]
Cryptography is not likely to change this any.  Try encrypting all of your records, and refusing to decrypt them or surrender the key despite a court order to do so.  Unless you can make a convincing case that to do so would be self-incrimination (see the 5th Amendment), you'll likely find yourself slapped with a contempt of court charge.
[i.e. you cannot refuse disclosure.  You have a duty to the court to disclose.  The court has a right to demand such disclosure.  Cryptography makes this an issue because it becomes so easy to conceal things.  It begins to become obvious that courts cannot prevent this without telling you what data you can and cannot have, what formulas you can and cannot use on your Mac.  This is what will bring the issue to the front.  No long is privacy easy to take away.  It means infringing on a right in a way that is OBVIOUS and plain.  This attracts attention.  (I hope)  ]
This is certainly reasonable.  I would like very much to see a new Amendment that specifically enumerates privacy as a right.
One can hope so, but when the Swiss numbered bank account, the canonical example, vanishes, I begin to have doubts.
[Let's hope it doesn't get this far.  Besides, there's always
Liechtenstein  :)]
You're welcome, and ditto.

@_date: 1993-11-17 13:01:15
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: privacy 
I gracefully concede about 90% of the points made against mine in this thread;
No, don't do that:
Your points made me think real hard about some issues I hadn't
yet considered fully.
As the 10% remaining have nothing to do with crypto, I'm replying to them in personal mail.
It might be that this thread belongs in mail in general.  Cypherpunks is a technical group after all no...?
Stanton  McCandlish  mech  1:109/1103   EFF  Online  Activist & SysOp
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-19 00:11:44
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  privacy and rights (short reply) 
Having worked in Liechtenstein banks, I can assure you numbered
accounts exist.

@_date: 1993-11-19 13:21:58
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: anonymous postings and trust 
Consider this  ->
We are accustomed to seeing useless messages of various sorts on this and other electronic forums.  Messages that quote a long article only in order to add "Me too" at the end, messages of no interest to anyone but the individual they are directed to, content-free banter, ego-driven flame wars, and so on.  They still happen -- inexperienced people are always joining the net

@_date: 1993-11-19 15:11:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: anonymous posts 
You say that you wish to remain anonymous, then state where you got your JD
etc., but you can't give any details about banking knowledge that may be useful
in digital cash schemes. This is a bit inconsistant. I would have (possibly)
known less about you if you had just put some new info out to the list.
Well, what did I tell you?
You know that I have a JD from Georgetown and a Masters from some
( not accidently unnamed ) school in International Relations.
Considering GU's 600+ member class, and my age (which could range
from 26-76) that doesn't narrow it down much does it?
In that I admitted being male, I suppose that about halfs the number,
but doesn't leave you with much to go on.
However, If I provided details about my place of employment and
that banks I was associated with in Liechtenstein, where would
I be?  Not many U.S. educated types in Liechtenstein.  Fewer still
with a law degree.  As it is however, you'd have to file through
extensive personal lists past and present in a very secretive
country.  Even so I'm not about to disclose my former Liechtenstein
employer publicly.  Without this info, you'd be much better off trying
to find all the people who graduated Georgetown and hold a masters
in IR from XYZ.  That's a lot more comfortable for me.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-19 20:24:45
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Key Servers 
Just another repulsive variation on psychopunk depravity and
perversions. Honest people would be repulsed by it.
I guess it must be because I'm an attorney, I'm attracted to it.

@_date: 1993-11-22 14:55:06
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  anonymous posts 
-> In article <199311192308.AA02672
 > You know that I have a JD from Georgetown and a Masters from some
 > ( not accidently unnamed ) school in International Relations.
Bloody hell, it's David Sternlight! :-)
That, my friend, is an insult the scope of which I will not tolerate
Any further comments along these lines will result in a
(probably frivolous) suit.

@_date: 1993-11-22 15:37:42
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Hughes and e-mail address's 
Please forgive the bandwidth waste.
Mr Hughes,
As the host displayed in your list post headers is unreachable
from my site, I mailed to your soda.berkeley.edu address.
Has this mail reached you?
Same person?
(Your server stored PGP key indicates the soda address)
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-22 22:33:05
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Clipper again 
According to a White House statement announcing the
encryption policy, "We need the Clipper chip and other
approaches that can both provide law-abiding citizens the
access they need and prevent criminals from using it to
hide their illegal activities."
Is this the NEW policy?  The one that admits problems with Clipper,
or the old one?
It's scary that I even have to ASK this question.  If it is new,
what's the bloody difference?
"...and other approaches...." Smells like a tuna processing plant in here.
that can both provide law-abiding citizens the
access they need and prevent criminals from using it to
hide their illegal activities.
Please.  Back to the old security v. privacy debate.
Get a clue Clinton
What's new here?
  Clipper "was forced upon [the Clinton administration] before
they had the chance to evaluate its impact," Bruce Heiman, a
Washington attorney representing the Business Software Alliance,
said last Tuesday.  "NSA sold them a bill of goods."
Isn't Mr. Heiman being a touch kind here?
It was all NSA's fault?  That doesn't sound like
someone with the true interests of the "Business
Software Alliance" at heart.  Please forgive me if you're here
Mr. Heiman.  I'd like to know if this quote was properly within
context (or did the media distort it?)
  Depsite the administration's insistence that Clipper and
the rest of the encryption policy are voluntary efforts, many
U.S. high-tech companies have opposed it....
Notice how it's never said WHY it was opposed.
Just kinda hinted...
The appearence of flexability here is an ILLUSION.
It's rhetoric.  Trash.  They haven't changed the policy,
just worked it around a little to make it look like they are
worried about concerns of industry... Please.  This smokescreen
trash makes me sick.  Clipper, or a similar proposal will show up
in basically the same form called "Splitdeck" or "Skimmer"
It's not the chip we object to you IDIOT.  It's the policy and
all the baggage attached to the bullshit goal of balancing
"Private interests and law enforcement requirements."
These are almost ALWAYS two opposed concepts.  Take a basic
class on intelligence Clinton and friends.
Security | Liberty
polar opposites.
-uni- Dark

@_date: 1993-11-28 22:30:09
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Dead mans stick 
- ->
It seems like it would be relatively simple to program in a sort of dead-man
switch at the time of creation of the secret key.
As you can imagine, there are increasing levels of personal security you
might employ.  For example, using the duress phrase might be set up to
change the pass-phrase to something *you* don't know but which is known by a
trusted other party (wife, mother, agent/lawyer, etc.).  Knowing this phrase
doesn't help them since that phrase can't access your secret until *after*
you've given the duress phrase and the software has disabled your normal
access phrase.
The problem with the duress phrase seems to be this:
One would use such a phrase when physical site security had been
compromised no?
Let's assume government types (which seems to be the hint I get when
you suggest the alternate pass phrase being held by your lawyer.
It's fairly easy to duplicate the key and stick it somewhere
on a floppy and try the passwords extracted from you
via rubber hose method on the copy rather than the original.
In fact, if people being to use duress codes, it seems that this would
become standard practice, if it's not already.
In as far as the idea behind a duress code is to keep you from being
beaten repeatedly by making it impossible for you to decode the
information alone, copying the encrypted key defeats this method.
- ->

@_date: 1993-11-28 22:35:08
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: taxes (net) 
compiled by James R. Hart
net access: ---f-
languages: German, Alemanni
currency controls: none
bank secrecy: excellent
preferred legal entities: allows any type found anywhere
in the world (!)
        establishment (limited liability, unlimited duration)
        company limited by shares
        foundations and trusts
taxes:  none for income outside Leichtenstein.  Net worth
        tax of 0.01% on capital and reserves (min. 1,000
        Swiss francs), local  resident taxes
tax treaties: not party directly or indirectly to any
        exchange-of-information agreements
        double-tax treaty exists only with Austria
n.b.: bankers won't assist law enforcement officials with
        drug, fraud, theft, or tax investigations.  They
        might assist in money laundering and insider
        trading investigations, informing the customer
        first.
Yes but,
Not LEIchtenstein.
You'll find it difficult to invest less than 1.5 million in Liechtenstein
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-29 15:47:25
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: LD and reputation 
- ->
I said:
we do?
Eric replied:
I'm sorry, I didn't realize that you wanted to erect a barrier against
anonymous newbies, such as "wonderer" and "Dark Unicorn" were recently. You
know, Detweiler might get a new account under a new name, better seal the
list to only postings from "previously authenticated" accounts too. Then
we'd be all happy and safe from the dreaded Detweiler.
Why am I always an example?
What needs to be addressed, is what this list is.  Is it private
in the sense that we exclude anyone?  Are we in a position to
regulate disruptive posters?  Frankly, LD's posts simply take a
lot of space and time.  I could care less if LD is a reputable
person.  Just so long as he is not disruptive.  Frankly, he could be
a moron (yes yes, I know...) and I still wouldn't mind because
correcting his mistakes is part of what this group is all about
(to me anyhow).  We were all newbies once, even if it was before
this list was around.  That says to me that if we want to promote
cryptographically literate users with this group, we simply cannot
exclude.  Even a bloody twelve year old might be obnoxious at first,
but who knows what we might spur into him/her?  Could it not
be that we might foster a loyal supporter of cryptography in this
twelve year old?
At the same time, we must deal with disruptive elements.
LD isn't posting for any real constructive purpose.  Even he
knows it.  Perhaps he is having fun, but it is at our expense.
Fine.  1>  Ignore it (this never works, as we are proving even now)
2> Address it (this just encourages him)  3> Remove it. (ethical
questions abound).
If the problem is to prevent disruption without excluding it seems
to me that you have to use a negative reputation system.  A system gives everyone a chance, without disrupting unduly.
Why not a probatory check?  Every member of the list is given
the chance to contribute constructively, newbie or not.  If and when
our example newbie user gets out of hand, his/her messages are to be
moderated.  This cuts down on the man power required to moderate
the entire list and still gives newbie user the opportunity to reform.
I'm not sure if we can find a willing moderator, but it seems to
be a system that would cut down dramatically the LD type problems.
Frankly, the traffic on this list is excessively high.  (I'm as guilty as
anyone I'm afraid.)  I can deal with high and valuable traffic, not
high and disruptive traffic.
Eric ->
Authentication, in this context, can take many forms.  It could be as
simple as sending a key to the mailing list server.  It could be
developed to require someone to vouch for the pseudonym.  It could
require a sponsor who would read and repost until a separate
reputation develops.
The point is to put a bound on the noise from disrupters both
inadvertent and intentional, not to completely prevent noise.
I agree, but prior authentication is a little excessive no?
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-11-29 15:52:03
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Dead Man's Stick 
- ->
It seems like it would be relatively simple to program in a sort of dead-man
switch at the time of creation of the secret key.
As you can imagine, there are increasing levels of personal security you
might employ.  For example, using the duress phrase might be set up to
change the pass-phrase to something *you* don't know but which is known by a
trusted other party (wife, mother, agent/lawyer, etc.).  Knowing this phrase
doesn't help them since that phrase can't access your secret until *after*
you've given the duress phrase and the software has disabled your normal
access phrase.
The problem with the duress phrase seems to be this:
One would use such a phrase when physical site security had been
compromised no?
Let's assume government types (which seems to be the hint I get when
you suggest the alternate pass phrase being held by your lawyer.
It's fairly easy to duplicate the key and stick it somewhere
on a floppy and try the passwords extracted from you
via rubber hose method on the copy rather than the original.
In fact, if people being to use duress codes, it seems that this would
become standard practice, if it's not already.
In as far as the idea behind a duress code is to keep you from being
beaten repeatedly by making it impossible for you to decode the
information alone, copying the encrypted key defeats this method.
- ->

@_date: 1993-12-02 09:08:44
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Key Escrow a *GAD* thing 
I see the introduction of common, publicly promoted cryptography as a
*GOOD* thing... even if it's insecure.  Yes, even if the government can
read every toggled bit of it.
If the public uses cryptography of even the simplest sort as a matter
of routine then the *REAL* cryptography, the really *SECURE* stuff, will
pass through unnoticed.  Why would *I* care if some super-secret agency
could read my clipper'd data?  I'd be using PGP on top of it! only then
my messages wouldn't stand out like so many lights in a dark night...
...more like just a few more stars in the sky.
No insult intended "Nitch," but it is obvious that you haven't been much involved in politics.
What you want is security by obscurity.  The problem is that such security is illusory.
I don't care what the administration says about the program being voluntary.  The centralization of encryption, which is what this program is, is a *BAD* thing.  (to use your emphasis)  It is NOT a standardization in the strict sense and the only thing that makes me think otherwise in the slightest degree is the fact that AT&T is doing the manufacturing (read: there is nothing that makes me think the other The easiest way for a large organization to take away major rights, or to curb the development of major rights is to attack them slowly.  Right after everyone "adopts" this "voluntary" standard, it will be that much easier to require compliance.  Where will private crypto development be?
You will indeed be using PGP2.x on top of Clipper, even 50 years from now when it is entirely behind the times.  Why?  Because Clipper will close the valve on private development.  I hope I'm being overly paranoid.  I really do.
Consider the administrations real stated purpose.  (This is my wording, but _their_ goal.)  To harmonize the needs of law enforcement with the (cryptographic) privacy of citizens.  (We want to read your mail)  Not mentioned the thefact that this is like trying to harmonize sodium and water.  If (when) they find they can't read your mail, they are going to be as upset as a spoiled child on christmas morning in a recession.
You really think they are going to invest so much time and effort in a program that is so easily and plainly circumvented.
[Begin political rant here]
I suppose now is the time to harp on the trend against individual rights.  Call me a formalist, I just think most people want to live, conduct business, relax, recreate, procreate and exist in general while being generally _left alone_.  I expect government to provide infrastructure and support private development of infrastructure where it is most efficient (the so called data highway in particular).  I do not expect, or want government to legislate morality, unreasonably impose a majority (which is almost always an oligarchy, and not a majority) on the remainder, gege nerally intervene in my private and legimate a affairs.  Clipper is simply invasionary.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-03 17:09:12
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  ID hacking Pointer 
For those who are interested, someone has started a thread on the
Fringeware mailing list about spoofing and nyms....
The consensus (of 2 messages) is that the dreaded PSUEDOSPOOF is a bad
Anyone know if LD is on the fringeware list?
he is now.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-04 01:22:56
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: ID hacking Pointer 
Oh god. Time to warn Jon and Paco. Sigh.
----------------                                             /\
Douglas Barnes            cman            /  \
Chief Wizard         (512) 447-8950 (d), 447-7866 (v)      / () \
Illuminati Online          metaverse.io.com 7777          /______\
Actually my (apparently not so) humorous comment was intended to
reflect the fact that by asking if LD was on the fringeware list,
you have summoned him to the fringeware list.
Speak not his name less thy summon him.
Sorry for the confusion and the associated bandwidth.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-04 01:42:58
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Law student on cypherpunks list.... 
I guess I'm just THE bandwidth waster this morning.
Sorry guys.
A law student lurker had sent me mail asking for advice.
Whoever you are, I lost your message.  Entirely my fault.
I meant to get back to you... sorry.  Resend?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-04 15:09:31
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  The Darkness of Hell 
You know,
your article would have been excellent without the typical anti-drug
rhetoric.  It almost seemed like you were just using the medusa
analogy to make cypherpunks the proper forum for your rant.
The war on drugs in the United States (which I become more and more
hesitant about capitalizing) is the single most effective weapon
against privacy today.
You really need to seek attention elsewhere.
Too bad Melody didn't get some better acid.
She'd have saved us all a lot of trouble.
Arguement for legalization if you ask me.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-04 15:19:31
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Escobar and Cellular Ph0n3z 
I'm not sure about your speculation that the NSA provided the equipment.
I have a feeling that it was a third party vendor actually.
When cellular was just beginning to be used the FBI came up with
a similar box.  As I recall it just waitied for certain selected
ESN's to go active and then listened to every call they made and/or
received.  Of course you had to be within range of the car or
the cell it was using.  The article on the box was in the Chicago Trib.
I'll see if I can find it, but I sort of doubt it as I can't really
nail down the year in my head.  I'll try a nexis search.
In any case, the article was boosting third partys and their
contrubution to the war on drugs.
I might add however, that the equipment did not triangulate.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-04 15:39:31
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Pablo and NSA 
Ok, so I take it back.
Organization: University of Zurich, Department of Computer Science
X-Newsreader: IBM NewsReader/2 v1.00
NEUTERS - Botoga 3.12.93
Police and military officials announced yesterday that they had help from
American National Security Agency officials in tracking down Pablo Escobar.  The
NSA provided Columbian officials with the tools necessary to decipher
communication between the Columbian drug lord and his cohorts.  Escobar
had been communicating by computer using the American Pretty Good Privacy (PGP)
software product which was compromised by NSA officials working at a remote
listening station in the Columbian jungle.
Haw Haw Haw.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-06 01:09:56
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Censorship/Forum dispute on the list 
I've reached a point where the volume is just too much.
LD's posts, despite the fact that my "n" key is near worn through, are simply disruptive, and annoying.
I am an extreme advocate of free speech, but it has really become
apparent that LD simply is not interested in the constructive
exchange that is at the heart of free speech.  Instead he chooses
to produce inflammatory and silly posts that include, among other things, exhaustive lists of the terms he would like to have censored on the list.
We all know that the first ten would have sufficed for his point,
which was weak in any case.
LD is more interested in obstructing the pursuits of cypherpunks and the list and its members by inflammation, bandwidth waste (which to his credit has caused quite a good deal of attrition), and generally associating himself with the list, causing I might add a general distaste for the list in general, much as there is a general distaste for anything cannibalisticly associated.
It is of course impossible to employ an "ignore him" policy as newbies, a resource I feel to be important and invaluable to the cause in general, are always going to be provoked to action.  Especially in a list of such activity and size.  To try and ignore LD on this list is analogous to ignoring a screaming film critic in the middle of a theater playing a maverick and foreign I dislike the idea of censoring Lance.  He is entitled to his opinion. Similarly I feel that it is not necessarily proper for a majority on this list or any other to exclude the minority who would like to converse with LD.  (S.Boxx and Executioner at least I'm sure.)
I propose the following solution.  Which probably will never be implemented, but I won't be able to sleep till I present it.
1>  A second list be established.  CypherpunkRisks
2>  The list be dominated by a charter providing that:
    A> All who apply are welcome.
    B> LD shall be appointed moderator for the purpose of
    maintaining the content of postings, but not to regulate
    users who may receive the list.
3>  The current cypherpunks list be renamed, or refocused to represent "cypherpunk advocacy."
4>  That the advocacy list STRONGLY discourage disruptive criticism not concerned with the merits of cypherpunks and cryptography in general.
5>  That reasonable enforcement of this premise (4) be executed to the extent required to maintain progress and not filter fair and reasonable criticism not violating item (4) above.  Enforcement may reasonably be expected to include filtering of traffic by key word for human review and approval.
6>  That any enforcement of item (4) above shall be accompanied by a brief but unevasive notice of action and cause for said action including the identity of the poster, or nym, if available (such identity being a direct copy of the basic From: line, and not to be investigated in any extensive manner) the date of received posting, the basic keyword content of the posting, and the availability of the posting on cypherpunkrisks (subject to moderator approval) and by archive.  (To be established and maintained.)
I consider this a forum resolution, and not censorship.
I think this is much like the solution some of the comp.sys groups used to separate advocacy and criticism without causing undue problems.
Of course, the matter is open to discussion.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-06 19:05:55
@_author: [164.109.10.3] 
@_subject: Re: Anarchy Gone Awry (fwd) 
Received: by toad.com id AA25376; Mon, 6 Dec 93 16:10:09 PST
Received: by toad.com id AA25248; Mon, 6 Dec 93 16:07:00 PST
Return-Path: Received: from access.digex.net ([164.109.10.3]) by toad.com id AA25244; Mon, 6 Dec 93 16:06:53 PST
Received: by access.digex.net id AA23282
  (5.67a8/IDA-1.5 for cypherpunks Mon, 6 Dec 1993 19:05:55 -0500
This post is a perfect example why the two lists should be kept seperate
and not merged.  This sounds to me like it belongs on alt.politics.data-
-uni- (dark)

@_date: 1993-12-06 17:40:10
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Pabo and Interception 
This from the state department,
COLOMBIA                       12/02/93  SC14249
 MORE ON ESCOBAR DEATH
 MEDELLIN, ANTIOQUIA DEPARTMENT REUTERS REPORTED THAT POLICE AND TROOPS SHOT
AND KILLED FUGITIVE DRUG LORD PABLO ESCOBAR ON THURSDAY AFTER A FURIOUS ROOFTOP
SHOOT-OUT IN MEDELLIN'S LAS AMERICAS SUBURB.  (ALSO SEE THE OTHER DECEMBER 2
REPORTS.)  WITNESSES AT THE HOUSE WHERE ESCOBAR WAS KILLED SAID THEY HAD SEEN
THE BEARDED FUGITIVE ATTEMPTING TO FLEE ACROSS THE ROOF BEFORE SECURITY FORCES
OPENED FIRE. ESCOBAR'S BROTHER-IN-LAW CARLOS MARIO HENAO WAS ALSO KILLED IN THE
SHOOT-OUT. ESCOBAR HAD BEEN ON THE RUN SINCE ESCAPING FROM JAIL IN JULY 1992,
ALONG WITH NINE OF HIS ASSOCIATES.  POLICE CAUGHT UP WITH HIM AFTER A 16-MONTH
SEARCH BECAUSE OF A FATAL MISTAKE -- A TELEPHONE CALL TO HIS FAMILY ON
WEDNESDAY, ESCOBAR'S 44TH BIRTHDAY.  ELECTRONIC MONITORING EQUIPMENT ALLOWED
POLICE TO PINPOINT THE LOCATION OF THE CALL AND MOUNT THE OPERATION IN SECRECY,
SURROUNDING ESCOBAR'S HIDEOUT WITH SHARPSHOOTERS.  WITHIN HOURS OF THE DRUG
LORD'S DEATH,  ESCOBAR'S 17-YEAR-OLD SON VOWED REVENGE AND HIS MOTHER PREDICTED
THAT "HORRIBLE THINGS" WOULD HAPPEN, BUT THE YOUNGER ESCOBAR LATER SAID HE WAS
REACTING OUT OF GRIEF AND WAS NOT ISSUING THREATS.
I don't know where the babble about calling a radio station came from,
but this caught my eye as it seems to be the "offical" state department
word on the topic.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-08 14:40:47
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: San Jose Merc article on s/w industry crypto deal 
What a sell-out (literally).  Will these guys also support the government's
right to conduct random house-to-house searches if they're promised a piece
of the booty?  And Clipper has ALWAYS been "voluntary" (at least so far), so
that part of the deal is no victory at all.  With friends like these...
   --Dave.
As originally conceived by the administration, Clipper would be the only
advanced encryption technology that could be sold by U.S. firms overseas.
Yeah, real "voluntary."
More government controled, distributed, surveiled monopolies.
Reminds me of ma bell.  Western electric manufactures the phones
that everyone HAS to buy.  Sounds like AT&T has found out that turn
about is fair play.  They are stabbing the very system that gave them
their boost in the back in many ways.  (Sigh)
I do have to admit however, I have one of those heavy western electric
phones on my desk.  It must be 12 years old or something and it has out
lived all the other phones I have ever bought.  I'm sort of fond of the
heavy clunky feel it has too.  Not like these cheap AT&T Spielzeug
that aren't heavy enough to hold on to the desk when you stretch the cord.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-12 14:02:27
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: mirrorshades 
After that hype, has anyone obtained the source code
or the executable itself yet?  Or was the entire project a hoax.
It sounded quite interesting....

@_date: 1993-12-15 23:10:47
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Keyservers and anonymous Mailings 
It seems that PGP keyservers have been attacked of late for alleged copyright violations.  Nice tactic if you are PKP I guess.  Has anyone considered the use of anonymous remailers to run a keyserver?  A double blind keyserver might solve the operator a good deal of heat.
Would this simply cause more problems than it solves?
Perhaps the ethics are simply too black?  (LD are you listening?)
If PKP is going to employ this tactic, it seems that even the 'new' keyservers that run as simple databases and thus are not a copyright question are subject to harassment in the least, even if unfounded.  If this is true, would anonymous remailing provide a buffer of some type?
It always confused me that anonymous remailers were not used more actively for 'questionable' (read fringe) internet services.
Perhaps there is a reason for this?  Criminal liability I suspect.
Perhaps I am mistaken in thinking that the lack of attribution just makes centralization less of an option on the 'data highway'?  Considering the attitude of the current U.S. administration I am surprised this is not more of a common practice.
After all, with the methods available, why make it easy to put the genie in the bottle?
Again, would this just cause more problems than it solves by calling attention to already on the rocks anonymous remailers?
Would make a nice test case.
Or a poor one?
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-16 17:11:08
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Anonymous remailers and keyservers. 
A keyserver that doesn't patent (or
copyright?  Who told you that?)
oops, did I say copyright...?
First of all, I wrote the new replacement keyserver and I happen
to know it isn't even released yet (except to a handful of people
for the purposes of testing portability and ease of installation etc),
I hadn't realized that my message implied this.
so it is not *possible* that the new sites have been harassed, and I
think you should wait until it happens before you start worrying about
it.  As I've said before, all these keyservers will be doing is
*publishing* information, and that's a protected right in the US.
Again, I did not mean for my message to so imply, my point was
that it was a possbility and considering past behavior, not
way beyond PKP.
I really wanted to point out that it might be an interesting
statement on other internet services (none come to mind which
might be the most revealing statement on the applicability
of the idea) and the use of anonymous remailers.
Now, if pkp choose to start chasing down people who publish their
keys and asking them if they have a license (assuming they're in
the US and need one), that's a different thing altogether, but
that could happen at the moment given that the actual keys are
up for ftp all over already.
I had not considered this, it was a little beyond the scope of my
message.  I was more concerned with the operators of the servers
not the end users.  It's a good point none the less.
A keyserver that doesn't patent (or
copyright?  Who told you that?) infringe *cannot* be closed down
even if the people whose keys are published *are* harassed.
You use the word *cannot* pretty strictly.
I think you mean legally cannot.  Consider that the keyservers
that have been closed down (if they have...?) may fall into the
legally *cannot* be shut down group.  They just haven't been tested
What I think you mean is legally cannot, as opposed
to practically cannot.  Political pressure is plenty
enough to make university administrators jumpy.
Private machines are immune of course (to some extent anyhow).
Anyway, the keyservers have to exist for the benefit of both ViaCrypt
customers and European FreePGP users.
And argueably those who don't hold ViaCrypt licenses.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-16 17:21:07
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Keyservers and anonymous Mailings 
In david's case, I think it was confusion.
In my case, lack of sleep.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1993-12-22 00:49:25
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Distribution of Secure Drive 
And now that Defense Secretary Inman has issued that Martial Law
Measure that crypto work is "born classified," the recent raids on
most of the Cypherpunks seem to make more sense. And the recent
progress in factoring, using the "rubber hose algorithm," has made
most private cryptography moot.
Me, I'm just glad I got out in '94 before they closed the borders.
Um,  Could you elaboreate on this some Mr. May?
I would be very interested in the specifics, it might affect my
travel plans...

@_date: 1994-03-01 15:35:05
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Dorothy Denning 
Also, I've gotten a message through to Ross Perot about our fight
against Clipper, and how to reach me, so if I get a response, I'll let
you guys know.
                                        Anthony
Oh god, that is all the cause needs.
I can see it now:
"Transistor brain Ross Perot opposes it!  It must be evil!"

@_date: 1994-03-02 21:25:43
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Dorothy Denning 
Chill... I thought that our prime objective was to defeat Clipper...
even if you don't like Ross, he does have some pull with the people of
this country, and that's what we need... we need the *PEOPLE* to fight
We need the fight not to just be "a group of civil libertarians", but
the general populous.  Maybe Ross isn't the answer, but at least I've
taken a real step to try to oppose Clipper.  What the hell have you
done, Black Unicorn?
                                        Anthony
In the circles I travel in Mr. Perot is considered a dangerous paranoid.
I agree he has the ear of some *PEOPLE* (as you so nicely put it)
but as much as you fear the branding of the anti-clipper movement
as JUST "a group of civil libertarians," it is possible that there
are other brands just as destructive to credibility.
Mr. Perot is in my opinion represenative of one such brand.
The Good Perot Keeping Seal might sink the "general populous" boat
we would so much like to travel on.
As far as your efforts in this matter v. mine,
Anyone can post some messages to the list Mr. Ortenzi.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-03 04:07:43
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Standard for Stenography? 
The reason for the "STENOGRAPHY" field is to assist your computer in
determining if this is a stenography file & that the correct key was
chosen without attempting to decrypt the whole file. I know that this
presents the possibility of a small "known plaintext attack", but a good
encryption system should stand up to such an attack. RSA can ...
can't it?
The problem with your approach (I believe) is that if MY computer
can (without an attempt at desteging and decryption with the proper
key) tell the file is a stego file, then anyone can filter all
traffic and just pick out the stego files.
This of course removes half (or most) of the incentive to use
stego in the first place.
The flaw in your basic motivation is that you place processing
speed at a higher value than security.
Even if the only loss were a small known plaintext attack potential,
it still is not worth (IMHO) the security shortfall that results.
Have I misunderstood your suggestion?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-03 04:22:21
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: MacPGP a plant? 
Now I'm sure I'm jumping to conclusions, but consider the following:
1>  The MacPGP2.3 source is, as near as I can tell, unreleased and
2>  The output from MacPGP2.3 is easily distinguishable from MSDOS
(MacPGP headers all messages with "Version 2.3" and not "Version 2.3a")
3>  The signature file intended to show the applications is
intact from the author is not included with the compressed application
on any of the sites I have seen MacPGP2.3 on.
The implications are left as an exercise for the reader.
MacPGP2.3 has been in release for some time now, yet no one
has commented (that I have seen) on the absence of a signature
file or detached signature with the release.
Is this because I just can't find the signature, or is there no
signature available?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-11 05:00:10
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Improvement of remailer security 
I think the recent death-threat-to-Clinton desaster has made clear
that the remailers we have are not very secure, mainly because
incoming and outgoing mail seems to be monitored at many sites.
Wait, the threat was posted with a remailer?
I heard about the threat, not the remailer....
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-12 18:01:05
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Voice encryption 
I would like someone with enough technical background to design
and build a prototype IDEA/DES/RSA device suitable for voice
encryption using modular phone jacks and plugs.
The prototype and what is learned in the process of designing and
manfacturing it, will be used to conduct a feasibility study on
the manufacture and marketing of such devices.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-12 23:32:41
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: DT '94, Clipper, New Property... (long) 
Some months ago I published a small work on the list calling for
property rights to be assigned to privacy.  There was some
interest, but for some reason I chose to explore the subject
even further.
I prefer to release the work through the list, and I would appreciate
it if no one distributed it any further without consulting me.
Consider this a mailing among friends.  Look over the work, let
me know if you like it, or better yet send me some hate mail,
just as long as you get stirred up.
The work below is quite long, and some may find that the message
is cut off after the 650 mark.
If so, and if anyone really wants to read the end by the time
they get to the break, let me know and I will repost with breaks.
Should there be enough interest, I will put the work up
for ftp somewhere.
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Reliance on The New Property
and the
Questions of Electronic Privacy and Centralized Power
in an
Atmosphere of Federal Enforcement Empowerment.
- - a legal and philosophical notation -
March , 1994
Expansion Generally:
The United States of America is characterized of late by a culture of centralization.  Increasingly, whether a result of media, advances in infrastructure, sociological factors, or technology in general, the Federal Government has become the problem solving and allocative entity of choice and often the entity of first resort.  Causation explanations for the expansion are numerous but, it is the advancing technology model of explanation for expanding federal power that presents the most illustrative backdrop by which to examine centralist trends.  This is not because advancing technology suggests an unforeseen departure from the principals embodied in the Constitution of the United States by the "Founding Fathers," (although this supposition in itself has a distinct appeal) but rather because it exposes the double standard that permits the increase of federal power without parallel increases in individualist protections.  Technology is a common explanation for the need for greater regulation, but rarely accepted as a legitimate argument in reference to individualist rights, privacy being a key example.  This is not, of course, to suggest that the advance of technology is the best, most accurate or only legitimate explanation.  Clearly other examples exist and moreover, are equally or more persuasive than the technology model I intend to explore, but the common theme is generally applicable to all the models I have examined.
The advance of technology takes on a much more devious meaning when compared to the concepts of property outlined in Reich's "New Property" theories.  In 1964, Reich began to publicly question the effect of government expansion and the increasing reliance of the citizenry on government largess, over traditional property.  Reich reasoned that government largess required the application of property The difficulty in accepting Reich's "New Property" paradigm and using the model to justify a regulated state with new legal protections are its basic assumptions that:
(1) Government is always best suited to serve as the basic controller and decision maker for questions of distributional efficiency.
(2) The growth of government largess and regulation is inevitable.
(3) The growth of government largess and regulation is desirable, even with the proper protections.
(4) The expansion of property protection to government largess and the new property will effectively curb government abuses.
After critical analysis of some or all of these assumptions, the new property concept becomes much more workable and, apart from the author's apparent intent, a valuable conceptual tool in the argument against centralizing regulation.
As the types of governmental entitlements treated as new property increase in number and scope which is, in Reich's opinion unavoidable, the citizenry must depend on government to assure, protect and insure property rights of such a local and individualized character so as to be incompatible with a majoritarian representative form of decision making.  Clearly individualistic concepts like privacy, freedom of contract, and freedom of speech will fall victim to the shortfalls in representation throughout the political process when issues like security and distributive regulation are the other factors on the balance.  Additionally, and much more sinister is the use of government largess to affect behavior with the threat of its withdrawal.  Often this has the effect of denying otherwise enforceable constitutional protections.  History demonstrates that the judicial branch is generally unwilling or unable to police the continual expansion of federal power, or forbid the use of largess withdrawal coercion, and has been so situated since the late 1930's.  Simple failure of process is clearly a necessary evil in cases where resort to the federal system is more efficient in accomplishing allocation of resources.  (Federal infrastructure projects, interstates for one example.)  It is also clearly important not to rule out regulation and oversight as a tool to rectify legitimate market failures.  It is important to recognize here, that the standard must be one of careful discretion focused on the proper definition of a market failure, and consistent guidelines for regulation for which I will turn to Stewart, Krier, and Manell.
However tolerable the legal process failures may be, an expansion that actively permits and creates largess to be used in coercion is never acceptable.  The difficulties begin when centralist regulation is applied to a market in such a way to either:
(1)  Extend the paternalistic hand of governmental entitlement over newly fabricated individual rights under the pretense of protecting them while at the same time appropriating actual individualistic concepts.  (I label these Creationist Entitlements)
(2)  Engulf existing and legitimate individualistic concepts with regulation and then dismissing their loss as an unfortunate casualty of securing protections which are hardly entitlements at all.  (Illusionist Entitlements)
[The health care legislation is a good example of a creationist entitlement.  A troubled industry is made the focus for scrutiny, a national crisis is declared, and every citizen becomes "entitled" to costless health insurance.  The absolute right to insurance has been "created."  Surely a desirable outcome, but deceptive none the less in that insurance was never considered, by any stretch of the imagination, an individualist right.  The net result is the absorption of privacy, freedom of contract concerns, and the reliance on government to insure the citizenry.  All these are substituted for the newly created "right" to health insurance and are thus casualties of a creationist entitlement.  National security, on the other hand, presents itself as an illusionist entitlement.  Violent crime has gripped the national agenda.  A crime crisis is declared, and federal law enforcement power is expanded.  The civil liberties swallowed up in the process are the casualties of an illusionist entitlement.]
The source of justification for such regulation is almost always that a "national crisis" must be solved.  The associated externalities, which are almost never shown to result from the lack of regulation are pointed to as creating the need for market preserving regulation.  As a result, essential property or personal rights are effectively engulfed in the public sphere, a realm with no interest, and in many instances possessing a negative incentive, in preserving them.  The balance that has historically depended on representation to counter the disregard for the individual inherent in the collective is thus bypassed by appointing a trustee with a glaring conflict of interest.  In addition the Judicial branch, affords little or no protection.  Clearly the distinct difference between individually secured rights and government entitlements, is that the latter are easily taken away by a variety of means not limited to underfunding, lack of resource allocation, coercive largess application, or simple incompetence in The most concerning potential expansions in federal power to date are looming on the horizon.  The Digital Telephony and Communications Privacy Improvement Act of 1994, and the Clipper or Key Escrow Proposals together utilize the complexities of what Wilson terms "client politics" and entitlement manipulation to expand the scope of federal law enforcement power, and by extension federal power generally, to an alarming breadth by capitalizing on the current national crisis externality, crime.  These proposals in effect make whatever rights to privacy existed within the context of communication, government entitlements.  The advances in encryption technology that returned the potential for self secured privacy are effectively eliminated under the nexus of the pending legislation.  In return for the high price paid, (Constitutional Amendments I, II, IV, V, X and the oft quoted, rarely guarded right to privacy) the citizenry is presented with a government backed insurance against crime.  An illusory entitlement to the benefit of new federal laws and increased funding for enforcement.  An entitlement likely to be lost in its effect by nation wide dilution, mismanagement, abuse and incompetence while at the same time empowering the federal mechanism by curtailing what defenses the citizenry retain.  There are strong indications that the new bills will create large regimes of government largess coercion, not withstanding the coercive effects of the Key Escrow plan admitted to by the administration.
Expansion of Federal Power Generally:
In a series of cases including, _Panama Refining Co. v. Ryan_, 293 U.S. 388 (1935); _Railroad Retirement Board v. Alton Railroad_, 295 U.S. 330 (1935); _A.L.A. Schechter Poultry Corp. v. United States_, 295 U.S. 495 (1935), and _Carter v. Carter Coal Co._, 298 U.S. 238 (1936), the United States Supreme Court struck down key segments of legislation in Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal Programs.  Much of the legislation was considered to have infringed upon traditional notions of private property, and it is thus understandable that the programs, which had lost favor in the years following the President's election, were vigorously challenged.  President Roosevelt's re-election and the court's refusal to adopt the legislation led to proposed changes in the structure of the Supreme Court.  Under the pretext that the Justices were too old to fully complete their duties, the President proposed that new Justices be appointed for each Justice then on the bench over the age of seventy.  As there were six justices then over seventy, the total number of Supreme Court Justices might well be fifteen today were it not for the timely retirement of Justice Van Devanter and the switch opinion of formerly anti-New Deal Justice Roberts in _West Coast Hotel Co. v. Parrish_, 300 U.S. 379 (1937).  (The move was commonly referred to as "the switch in time that saved Nine.")  In addition, the court modifying bill's key sponsor, Senator Robinson fell to a fatal heart attack.  See generally, Stone, et al., Constitutional Law (1991 2d ed.).  See also, Leuchtenberg, The Origins of Franklin D. Roosevelt's Court-Packing Plan, 1966 Sup. Ct. Rev. 347.  The pro-New Deal decision that followed opened the door for federal expansion under the crack in the law left by the New Court's reading of The Commerce Clause of Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution.  See, e.g., _National Labor Relations Board v. Jones & Laughlin Steel Corp._, 301 U.S. 1 (1937).  By 1942, The Commerce Clause was construed so widely by The Court that it reached even private functions so intimate as to include the growth of wheat on private property for self consumption.  _Wickard v. Filburn_, 317 U.S. 111 (1942) (Farmer's growth of wheat on private property for own consumption held as affecting commerce and thus within the reach of congressional regulation under The Commerce Clause).  The result was to allow nearly any activity to potentially affect interstate commerce when taken in its aggregate.  Combined with Justice Stone's outright dismissal of the Tenth Amendment, the power afforded Congress no longer had any practical limits.  _United States v. Darby_, 312 U.S. 100 (1941).  Describing the rapid growth of Federal power from _Darby_ to date might in itself fill a textbook.  Let it suffice then to comment that much of the civil rights legislation of the 1960's found its authority in The Commerce Clause and more on point, that no statute that finds its base for authority in The Commerce Clause has been struck down on those grounds since _Wickard_.  The other powers granted Congress are no less encompassing than the Commerce Clause Federal Power and Centralist Regulation:
The expansion in federal power has produced an explosion of federal regulation since the first organized attempts to institutionalize regulation in the post depression years.  Federal regulation and the wide reading of the Commerce Clause gives states an incentive to buy into, and regulate industries otherwise served by the private sector.  This is because the "Dormant Commerce Clause" can be circumvented when states participate in the markets they wish to regulate.  This is the "Market Participant" doctrine.  See _Hughes v. Alexandria Scrap Corp._, 426 U.S. 794 (1976); _Reeves, Inc. v. Stake_, 447 U.S. 429 (1980); _White v. Massachusetts Council of Construction Employers, Inc._, 460 U.S. 204 (1983).  But see _South-Central Timber Development v. Wunnicke_, 467 U.S. 82 (1984).  The Dormant Commerce Clause refers to those markets upon which Congress has not yet imposed regulating legislation.  Often States are prohibited from regulating these markets under the rational that Congress has the enumerated power to "...regulate Commerce with foreign Nations and among the several States...."  U.S. Const. art. I, section 8, cl. 3, and therefore states have given the right to regulate to Congress.  _City of Philadelphia v. New Jersey_, 437 U.S. 617 (1978).  The exception to the grasp of the Dormant Commerce Clause encourages states to buy into the market and be free of congressional restrictions on interstate discrimination and restrictions on protectionist state regulations.  Note however that states can easily accomplish the same regulation by harsh subsidies in markets they participate in.  As a result it is as if there existed no deterrent to state regulation at all.  "Under existing precedent, the State could accomplish [the] same result [regulation of the industry] in any number of ways....  It seems to me unduly formalistic to conclude that the one path chosen by the State as best suited to promote its concerns is the path forbidden it by the Commerce Clause."  _South-Central Timber Development v. Wunnicke_, 467 U.S. 82 (1984) (Justice Rehnquist dissenting).
The net result is to encourage "spin off regulation" by the states, and as a result of the buy up of industry required, an increase in government largess and government holdings.  (Particularly now that all production from the state interests in the industry is regulated by the issuance of government contracts to manufactures.  Government contracts being a privilege, and not a right, withholding them is not subject to tradition constitutional protections.)  See, e.g., Charles A. Reich, The New Property, 73 Yale L.J. 733,762 n.5 (1964).
Federal legislators then typically respond to the protectionist regulations of states by preempting state practices with federal regulation.  This is "double spin off regulation."
Spin off regulation and double spin off regulation is not the only cycle of federal growth that feeds off it self to inflate federal power and holdings.  The cycle of government largess is equally if not more dramatically vicious.  Government largess is used to compel behavior, which in turn creates more government largess.  Thus, stifling taxes are imposed, a tax break is given to businesses who comply with regulation, control of these businesses becomes a power in itself which can be used as largess over the employees and downstream of the market.  More complicated and devious models are easy to The New Property, coercion, regulation, and the individual.
Reich characterized the increasing reliance of the citizenry on government as a source of wealth as "The New Feudalism."  The chief characteristic, and the most convincing in my opinion, that Reich points to is the fact that wealth distributed by the government is conditional and subject to the state.  Charles H. Reich, The New Property 73 Yale L.J. 733, 768 n.5 (1964).  Reich points to 8 key factors in comparing the use of government largess to traditional understandings of feudalism:
(1)  Increasingly we turn over wealth and rights to government, which reallocates and redistributes them in the many forms of largess; (2) there is a merging of public and private, in which lines of private ownership are blurred; (3) the administration of the system has given rise to special laws and special tribunals, outside the ordinary structure of government, (4) the right to possess and use government largess is bound up with the recipient's legal status; the status is both the basis for receiving largess and a consequence of receiving it; hence the new wealth is not readily transferable; (5) individuals hold the wealth conditionally rather than absolutely; the conditions are usually obligations owed to the government or to the public, and may include the obligation of loyalty to the government; the obligations may be changed or increased at the will of the state; (6) for breach of condition the wealth may be forfeited or escheated back to the government; (7) the sovereign power is shared with large private interests; (8) the object of the whole system is to enforce "the public interest" - the interest of the state or society or the lord paramount - by means of the distribution and use of wealth in such a way as to create and maintain dependence.  Id. at 770.
Consider by way of illustrations some of Reich's examples, which I find quite elegant and persuasive.  In 1964 the New York Taxi medallion [the license required by the city to operate a taxi] was "a piece of tin worth 300 times its weight in gold."  Id. at 735 n.7.  Television channels, which are issued at no cost, can be sold at extraordinary sums.  Id. at 735.
Clearly the ability to deprive citizens of wealth without traditional notions of process is power.   The words of Justice Stone illustrate the scope of the congressional spending power and the refusal of the courts to recognize traditional protections : "Threat of loss and not the hope of gain, is the essence of economic coercion."  _United States v. Butler_, 297 U.S. 1 (1936)  To resort to the mundane (in concept and in source), "He who can destroy a thing, controls a thing." and "...the power to tax is the power to destroy...."  _McCuloch v. Maryland_, 17 U.S. (4 Wheat.) 316 (1819).  The wider the dependence on government wealth, the wider the power of government.
Reich asks the most relevant question in light of government largess coercion.  If, or when, the primary property is in the form of governmental distributed wealth, what constraints against the government will be available to the citizenry?
Where I depart from Reich is the manner in which to assure individual protections in light of the rise of new property.  Reich argues that additional protections are required, perhaps protections that would extend the constitutional umbrella over the new property or government largess.  Charles A. Reich, The New Property After 25 Years, 24 U.S.F. L. Rev. 223, 241 (1990).  This approach clearly presents the politically difficult problem of granting property rights to all government largess, including such largess as welfare and insurance.  In addition, it exposes government largess to the same problem present in all rights not individually secured, namely dependence on government as an enforcement body for rights that often conflict with the general interest of the sovereign.  The complexity of allowing government to regulate a market or individualist right and then assigning a governmental oversight authority to prevent government abuse is a wasteful and unpolished solution that merely presents more opportunity for loss in the form of failure of process, abuse or Instead the conceptually simpler approach is to prevent the expansion of federal power into individualist constructs to begin with.
The General Effect of Technology on Federal Power:
Technology has three basic effects on Federal Power.
(1) Technological advances expand existing power.
Technology, especially data processing technology, considerably increases the effect of existing power by reducing the cost of information collection, organization, and compilation.
Consider the Social Security Number.  Clearly, on the eve of its adoption, the Social Security Number was not conceived as an identity measure.  Regardless, the number proved exceptionally fitted to identification uses simply by its nature.  Each person (theoretically) has but one.  No two are alike, and almost every citizen has one by nature of economic coercion (its requirement to file tax return information for one).  On its face the number seems benign, but coupled with computing power and the ability to quickly collect, sort and exchange data, the Social Security number has become a powerful tracking tool.  In addition, the continued reliance on the number as a secure and accurate identifier creates a dangerous potential for abuse.  Technically confidential tax return information is available for the asking provided one has the subject's name, and Social Security Number.
It is a simple matter today to track the movements of a citizen by the combined information available from parking tickets, passport records, moving violations, credit card receipts, and telephone records.  The travel document that was once a mere request by the government of the United States that the bearer be treated as an American citizen, Comment, Passport Refusal for Political Reasons: Constitutional Issues and Judicial Review, 61 Yale L.J. 171 (1952), is today considered mandatory for travel outside the United States, and bears a bar code.  Customs officials are today armed with computer terminals and bar code readers.  Driver's licenses, also basically mandatory, are increasingly growing magnetic strips and digitized databases of photos and even fingerprints are seeing increased use.  Parking enforcement officials travel about in mini-vans with portable terminals connected by radio link to the Vehicle Registry database prepared to seize any vehicle that might draw a red flag.  Many agencies are entirely impotent without the technology appearing as recently as the 1960's.  How would the Security and Exchange Commission conduct enforcement without sophisticated data processing equipment today?
Data processing technology is not, however, the only impacting advance.  What would become of Federal Communication Commission enforcement power without advanced monitoring equipment?
(2) Technology justifies new federally empowering legislation.
There are few major regulations that seek to address electronic privacy, restrict federal or local power, which justify themselves on advancing technology grounds.  The best examples of such legislation in the public sector, The Right to Financial Privacy Act of 1978, Pub. L. No. 95-630, sections 1100-122, 92 Stat. 3697 (codified throughout 12, 31 U.S.C.), The Fair Credit Reporting Act, 15 U.S.C. section 1681 (1988), The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, 20 U.S.C. section 1232g(b)(2)(A)-(B)(1988), are sectorized approaches to legislation and offer little if any resort to civil actions.  The private sector versions of these acts, The Fair Credit Billing Act, 15 U.S.C. section 1666 (1988), The Fair Debt Collections Practices Act, Id. section 1692, and The Electronic Fund Transfer Act, Id. section 1693, fall far below the pace set by Omnibus legislative efforts in Europe and both the public and private legislation is lacking in its implementation.  See Peter Mei, The E.C. Proposed Data Protection Law 25 Law & Pol'y Int'l Bus. 305 n.1 (Fall 1993).
Despite the fact that it is seldom if ever used as a justification for legislation to protect the individual, often it is the case that new centralizing regulatory legislation is called for to "cope with recent advances in technology."  More interesting still is the propensity to create regulations in the form of "living documents" that usually include a clause to "provide a flexible response to changes in technology."  Often the result is to create legislation that possesses no theoretical limit to its scope or enforcement power in seeking to advance the stated purposes.  Export regulation can often be so characterized.  Some prime examples of technologically justified legislation include:  The National Competitiveness Technology Transfer Act of 1989, Pub. L. No. 101-189; Reproductive Technology Legislation, Pub. L. No. 102-493; Genetic Technology Acts, 15 C.F.R. 295.1; and numerous export regulations e.g., 22 U.S.C. 2751.  Often these legislative efforts grant powers much beyond that needed to enforce the stated goal, or beyond that which could be justified by the advance of technology alone.  (See, e.g., 50 U.S.C. Appx.) (Supposed export justification accomplishes many forms of "fringe benefit The New Property and Technology:
Technology gives government great power.  Government has the power to gather information, to coerce through largess manipulation, to compile records, and to make resistance to policy difficult.  At the same time, government uses technology, both directly and as a justifying rational for increased regulation and federal empowerment.  The increase in government power, and especially the creation of new types of government largess (Guaranteed Internet Access, Federal Computer Educational Assistance Programs, Universal Health Care) is a threat to individualism in the Unites States.  Certainly Charles Reich's concepts of government coercion only gain credibility and ominous implications when the raw power of government augmented with technology is factored in.  If indeed we have "no principal that forbids organized society from making use of our dependency to achieve goals of social control,"  The New Property After 25 years, supra, at 224, then we must either develop such a principal as Reich suggests, Id. at 225, or resist the continual growth of federal power.
Considering the current judicial disposition to allow government coercion by the threat of largess withholding, See, e.g., _Steward Machine Co. v. Davis_, 301 U.S. 548 (1937) (Federal tax imposed on employers.  Employers who participated in state unemployment funds received 90% refund.  Statute upheld and held not to constitute coercion.), it is highly unlikely that largess will see the constitutional protections Reich seeks.  Indeed restrictions of these largess coercions, an important legislative tool for federal empowerment, might well invalidate every major regulatory program instituted since the New Deal legislation.
Assuming such protections were possible to implement, an assumption that ignores the time, legal, philosophical and momentum restraints, it is difficult to assert that constitutional protections overseen by government would not be watered down by a "balancing" test, or the lack of sufficient redress for the victim of coercion.  Reich's model of restricting government with a governmental regime intended to protect citizens from government is simply clumsy.
Instead it is today within the power of the citizenry to protect itself from many forms of government largess coercion and control.  Consider encryption as an example.  Encryption is empowering.  With encryption, and specifically public key encryption, the individual thwarts millions of dollars in governmental surveillance development.  (The author assumes a basis knowledge of public key encryption on the part of the reader.)  If theories are correct, and in the battle between cipher and cryptoanalysis the cipher always wins, the prospect for government control is unusually poor.  Consider the crossbow as an analogy.  The crossbow was an advance in technology that allowed the common man without training to unhorse and usually kill a mounted, armored knight at range.  Chuck Hammill, Address at the Future of Freedom Conference (Nov. 1987).  The threat to the balance of power prodded the church and the monarchs to take all steps available to eradicate the use of crossbows; excommunication and death for example.  Id.  Of course, it was never wrong for the knights to use crossbows against heathens.
Today, the advent of public key cryptography threatens government's control over the transfer of information.  It is no surprise then that government is desperately trying to maintain a grip over the technology that threatens to be available to everyman.  Witness the attempt to legislate the information highway, the Digital Telephony Bill, the Clipper Key Escrow proposal.  If these technologies, digital communications, Internet access and encryption, cannot be directly banned or restricted because of constitutional restraints, they can certainly be converted to government largess without constitutional issue.  The new feudal, federal system has seen a crossbow in the making, and it seems that the knights want exclusive use rights.
What implications would truly anonymous transactions, digital cash have on the current tax collection structure of the United States?  The registration of automobiles?  Firearms?  What impact might truly untraceable and secure communications across an unsecured channel*[reword]?  The current technologies threaten to break the current trend of federal empowerment, and worse for the centralists, reverse it.
The (Il)legitimacy of Pending Legislation:
(1) The Digital Telephony and Communications Privacy Improvement Act of 1994:
The Digital Telephony and Communications Privacy Improvement Act expands federal power by placing a positive burden on the common carrier to provide law enforcement with communications intercept and "call setup information" and imposes penalties upon common carriers who do not comply.  The Digital Telephony and Communications Privacy Improvement Act of 1994, section 2.  See also, Mike Godwin, Section-
by-Section Analysis of the 1994 Draft of the Digital Telephony Legislation (1994).  Godwin suggests that the new burdens on common carriers are imposed because 18 U.S.C. 2518(4) is not commonly read to impose such a burden, and thus common carriers are often reluctant to provide the kind of solutions to intercept problems law enforcement would like.  Mike Godwin, Section-by-Section Analysis of the 1994 Draft of the Digital Telephony Legislation (1994).  The specific provision provides "Common carriers shall be required to provide forthwith, pursuant to court order or lawful authorization, the following capabilities and capacities in order to permit the government to conduct electronic surveillance and pen register and trap and trace investigations effectively."  Digital Telephony Bill, section 3 (amending 18 U.S.C. 109, section 2237(a)).  The draft goes on to provide for simultaneous interception of communications and call setup information.  Digital Telephony Bill, section 3 (amending 18 U.S.C. 109, section 2237(a)(1)).  The intercepted information then must be forwarded to a facility of the government's choice.  Digital Telephony Bill, section 3 (amending 18 U.S.C. 109, section 2237(a)(4)).  Penalties for failure to comply are set at $10,000 per day and subjects offending common carriers to F.C.C. sanctions or fines.  Digital Telephony Bill, section 3 (amending 18 U.S.C. 109, section 2237(f)).  Enforcement power is given to the United States Attorney General or at the Attorney General's request, the Federal Communications Commission.  Digital Telephony Bill, section 3 (amending 18 U.S.C. 109, section 2237(e)).
Apparently the Digital Telephony Bill does expand federal enforcement power significantly by giving new powers to the Attorney General, placing new burdens on common carriers, and assigning new fines for non-compliance.  In addition, the bill would make interception a much easier task for federal and local law enforcement, both of which benefit from provisions of the Digital Telephony Bill.  As the technical nuances of forwarding intercept information to the government "location" are not addressed, one wonders if government officials can access any intercept and call setup information they wish, or if they must request the information from the common carrier, presenting evidence of their lawful authority in the process, and have it forwarded.
The reference to common carriers raises the question, will these include "public access" internet providers.  Note that the Digital Telephony Bill adopts the definition of common carrier in 47 U.S.C. "Common carrier" or "carrier" means any person engaged as a common carrier for hire, in interstate or foreign communication by wire or radio or in interstate or foreign radio transmission of energy.  47 U.S.C. 153(h)(1993).
In addition, it is possible that such providers might fall under the "common carrier support services" provider provision of the Digital Telephony Bill.  Digital Telephony Bill, section 2.  Mr. Godwin suggests this might impose obligations upon local telephone service providers to acquire "transactional information" from Internet providers when e-mail is sent.  Mike Godwin, Section-by-Section Analysis of the 1994 Draft of the Digital Telephony Legislation (1994).  The implications for anonymous mail in this instance would be Of particular interest is the focus on "pen register" and "call setup" information.  Pen register and call setup information has a much lower standard of protection than the actual communication.  _Smith v. Maryland_, 442 U.S. 735 (1979)(Installing pen register without warrant did not violate suspects fourth amendment rights).  See also, _California v. Greenwood_, 486 U.S. 35 (1988)(Information voluntarily turned over to third parties, including call setup information, not protected by fourth amendment).  See also, 18 U.S.C. 3123 (1988).  The net effect of this section of the Digital Telephony Bill would be to make such virtually unprotected information trivial to collect.
Although the proposed legislation may or may not technically expand authority it most certainly does give law enforcement huge increases in capabilities, especially in data collection.
(2) The Escrowed Encryption Standard:
On April 16, 1993 the administration announced the Escrowed Encryption Standard initiative.  The proposal allegedly seeks to address and reconcile the conflict between privacy of citizens and the intrusive needs of law enforcement.  In effect the initiative proposes a standard public key encryption algorithm for voice and data communications.  The algorithm is implemented in hardware, the "Clipper" chip, that will be installed in a variety of communications devices.  The keys required to decrypt the communications between the devices are segmented and "escrowed" between two agencies.  The cooperation of both agencies is required in releasing the key segments to allow wiretapping of any individual device using the Clipper chip.  The theory is that the encryption algorithm will provide security for the public from unauthorized eavesdroppers, while allowing law enforcement access to the encrypted communications.  The program is described as "Voluntary."  See generally, Statement of the White House Press Secretary, April 16, 1993.
The Escrowed Encryption Standard is justified by the reliance of law enforcement, and particularly federal law enforcement, on interception of telephone communications in the battle against drugs and terrorism.
The Effects of Legislation:
Security and privacy are often considered mutually exclusive in their nature.  One cannot serve both masters without duplicity.  In this respect, the Escrowed Encryption Standard , which is presented as a compromise between the two, is a paradox.  Clearly the EES is not at all interested in privacy for citizens.  If indeed strong cryptography is such a threat to law enforcement, its availability can only be privacy enhancing in reference to whatever other listeners might seek to overhear.  If law enforcement, especially in light of the scope of federal power, does not have the resources to penetrate the currently available strong encryption methods, then EES is not required for privacy.  Indeed the EES initiative merely limits privacy to a manageable level under the guise of a government entitlement to privacy.  The government here has created an illusionist entitlement to privacy, and given it to the citizenry hobbled, while with the other hand taking what tools were present for the citizens to see to their own privacy in electronic communications.
The concept of "standing" illustrates the enhanced privacy available to citizens in the context of one constitutional right, the Fourth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States.  The Fourth Amendment is protected by a doctrine called the exclusionary rule.  Law enforcement is deterred from violating the Fourth Amendment by the exclusion of such evidence as is illegally obtained from admission at trial.  _Mapp v. Ohio_, 367 U.S. 643 (1961).  In order to exert this redress, a complaining party is required to have "standing."  Simply put, it must be your constitutional rights that have been violated in order to obtain any redress.  Were a third party to be searched without the process of a warrant, there would be little redress except for resort to a civil suit, few of which are successful and fewer of which are profitable.  _Zurcher v. Stanford Daily_, 436 U.S. 547 (1978).  Encryption fills the standing gap.  Instead of relying on inefficient process to insure individual privacy in communication, it is now possible for the individual to secure such privacy and protection provided by the amendment but not enforced by the exclusionary rule or civil procedure.
If strong encryption presents no threat to law enforcement other than as a cost in time and resources, then it is clear that the scope of domestic monitoring is beyond that which is authorized by court order.
According to filings for the year of 1992 state and local authorities performed 846 "intercepts" averaging $46,492 per intercept.  Donald P. Delaney, Dorothy E. Denning, Wiretap Laws and Procedures, Sept. 23, 1993.  Intercepts under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 numbered 484 for 1992, costs are unreported.  Id.  See also, The Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 50 U.S.C. sections 1801-
Non-FISA intercepts totaled in cost for the year of 1992 near 40 million dollars by these figures.  If the implementation of EES is merely a cost cutting measure, and the costs are associated with the economics of decryption of suspect's intercepts using strong encryption, an assertion that lacks any basis, then the EES proposal must total in costs less than 40 million per year and the sum of the FISA intercepts assuming each of these was an interception of encrypted material.  If the EES proposal exceeds the cost of these intercepts, we must assume that either:
(1) The plan is not economically sound.
(2) There are more domestic intercepts than are reported as It might be added that EES will not itself reduce the cost of actual interception from the common carrier, while Digital Telephony might.  This may explain the similar timing of the initiatives as an attempt to coordinate a cohesive data policy.
In addition, encryption technology is a growing and thriving market.  The market for security software, fueled by virus and general security interests has attracted many competitors and several contributors in the public domain who have helped to prop up the quality of commercial software.  The fact that a market has evolved even in the face of harsh export restrictions suggests that a free marketplace would be a significant force.  Clearly regulation is not proper here where: (1) There has been a fairly liquid exchange and availability to consumers of information in the marketplace.  (2) There are no restricted commodities (within the United States).  (3) There are large numbers of buyers and sellers in the market.  (4) There are no localized externalities.  Stewart, Krier and Manell, Environmental Law and Policy (3d ed. 1990).  In this case the market is restricted by a supposed externality of "national security."
The contention that law enforcement and counterintelligence activities will fall apart without the unhindered ability to wiretap is without merit.  Supporters of the EES proposal are utilizing a logical fallacy in pointing to the number of convictions obtained by the use of wiretaps as evidence of EES's merits.  Indeed law enforcement has relied heavily on their ability to wiretap with basic impunity.  The abuses that do come to light surely indicate that more lie undiscovered below the surface of investigatory processes.  The assertion that law enforcement cannot properly adjust their methods to rely instead on physical microphones and non-intercept type surveillance is a mere front to preserve the current regime; one of rubber stamp approval and lowered standards of "cause."  Law enforcement has found in the ability to wiretap an easy circumvention of the Fourth Amendment because courts have indicated that the key legal principal (the manifestation of an expectation of privacy) is lower in telephone conversations than in the home.  How is it that when the citizenry attempts to exert an increased shield of privacy over telephone and electronic conversations by not turning them over to the third party (common carrier) in intelligible form the government seeks to make this impossible?  _Smith v. Maryland_, 442 U.S. 735 (1979)(An individual has no legitimate expectation of privacy in the numbers dialed on his telephone because he voluntarily conveys those numbers to the telephone company...)  See also, _California v. Greenwood_, 486 U.S. 35 (1988).  _Katz v. United States_, 389 U.S. 347 (1967)(What a person knowingly exposes to the public, even in his own home or office, is not a subject of Fourth Amendment protection).  What evil is there in individuals filling the gap that fails to enforce higher protections on our phone and electronic conversations, which incidentally, we rely on today much more than in years past.  That the government has an affirmative right to be allowed access to the raw conversation is perhaps understandable.  That the government has a right to be provided with a plain meaning translation of what they intercept is not.  Even the provisions in the Digital Telephony Bill recognize that the government will not place a duty of translation on the common carrier.  The Digital Telephony and Privacy Improvement Act of 1994, section 3(i)(5) (Amending 18 U.S.C. 109 section 2237).  Why then is it obvious that this burden should be placed on the citizen?  At the very least, the increased expectation of privacy manifest in the attempt to encrypt conversations, even under the EES initiative, should entitle the parties to greater protections of process under the Fourth and Fourteenth Amendments, _Katz_ and _Greenwood_.
The EES program is presented as a voluntary program.  Unfortunately the government's definition of voluntary falls short.  In the case of the EES program, government is trying to establish a de facto standard by requiring all government communications to be made with the new technology.  The result is the threat of withholding the government largess of government contracts to the companies that rely on such contracts for their existence.  The companies in turn, in the interest of economy, will request that other associations outside of a government context be made with the new technology.  Coupled with import/export policies that make competing technologies highly unprofitable to market, the level of coercion is obvious.
In order for the EES program to accomplish its goals in relation to crime and the use of strong encryption to deter law enforcement interference, other technologies must not be readily available in the United States.  Clearly any group of criminals that might wish to use strong encryption would not adopt a standard labeled at the outset as penetrated by the government.  It is hard to take the government's assertion that the program will be voluntary at face value in light of these analysis.
The dangers of allowing government to make privacy a collective good distributed, and incidentally seized, by government itself, which is essentially what the EES and Digital Telephony Bill proposals do, should be self apparent.  There is little or no reason to believe that this form of government largess will be treated any different as far as coercion by threat of withdrawal is concerned.  Coupled together, the ability to eavesdrop on citizenry and cripple a blossoming ability for the individual to secure his or her own privacy, the government has not only eliminated the most significant potential advance in individual and private property, but also gained a good deal of capability in preparing future regulation.  Digital cash, which without EES would be potentially untraceable and anonymous, will be tracked as easily or easier in the new regime than the hard currency of today and yesterday.  A governmental control of the information structure through subsidy will impose government requirements for disclosure on what would otherwise be private carriers with no such requirements.  If these concepts are available to reasoned analysis, they have likely occurred to the administration.  Clearly anonymous digital cash and completely untraceable transactions, at little or no cost, are not in the administrations best interest.  This suggests that the Digital Telephony, National Information Infrastructure and EES proposals are about, and have always been about, much more than law enforcement, assured access and privacy, but also continued control, regulation, and the status quo.

@_date: 1994-03-13 07:55:05
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Voice encryption 
The problem with secure voice systems isn't doing the encryption,
which is relatively easy; it's designing a voice compression system
that's cheap enough and fast enough to work with the class of modems
you're willing to use.
I dont want to use modems.
-uni- (Dark)
Who was the bay area speaker you were talking to?

@_date: 1994-03-13 10:12:44
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Cypher????? 
Hmm.. Perhaps you could point me to a reference, I have NEVER seen it
(mis)spelled Cypher.
how about

@_date: 1994-03-14 20:06:09
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Super Bills and the US gov. 
This message is in response to the person who implied that the "Super Bills"
were created by the US government as a device to get Clipper implemented.
I just thought I should put things in perspective.  I refuse to beleive the US
government would do such a thing for several reasons.
I thought the implication was that the government had ANNOUNCED
such a thing at an appropiate time to lay the seeds.
Consider the most recent CIA scandal.
The crime bill and digitel go through the pipes pretty easy after that.
It's reason enough to think that if our skill-less spy had used IDEA
or TDES, government would be shouting to high heaven about how we
NEED CLIPPER NOW to get this crime scourage UNDER CONTROL.
The contention that the federal government would mint billions
of dollars of "bogus" money to implement an admittedly important
but less than crucial scheme is just silly.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-14 20:10:57
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: gore 
I think there was some misquoting
The message should have read:
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-15 12:24:44
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA@funet.fi ? 
Graham Toal cypherpunk regular said:
The trouble with the cypherpunk remailers is there isn't a single
one of them I'd trust.  The overwhelming credo of the sort of person
I've met in this area is that they want extreme absolute privacy
for *themselves* but sneak and spy on everything they possibly
can about everyone else.  (Oops - that sounds bad - I don't specifically
mean the people who run cypherpunk remailers; I mean people who're
obsessive about secrecy in general and hackers in particular.  Secretive
hackers being the worst.)
It's interesting to me how double standardized (is that a phrase
in english?) the concept of privacy is in general.
One seems to have to do some snooping to make sure one's privacy
and security is assured.  In doing so one is invading the privacy
of others.
I have met very few privacy purists.  Most tend to feel that privacy
is not a general responsibility of the collective to assure.
The collective in this sense is either the government, or the people
as a whole.
Phrased another way, most of the privacy advocates I have met and discussed
with seem to feel that what is not protected is fair game.  They
lay the burden on the individual to secure his/her own privacy and
scowl at those who are too lazy to do it.  (note that this message isn't
signed because I'm too lazy to do it)  In addition they seem to snarl at
any attempts to collectivze privacy and make it a function of government
to enforce privacy on the ground that there exists a conflict of interest.
Unfortunately, while there exist SOME tools for the individual today to
provide for his or her own privacy, (stong encryption) many of the other
tools are provided by smaller collectives.  (the remailers for example)
Indeed it is a collective of perhaps 2 (the operator of the mailer and
the system admin if seperate) but a collective none the less and one which
the user must rely on.  Are remailers then a departure from the "secure
your own privacy" doctrine?
It stands to reason that all remailers should provide for double blind
double encrypted remailing.  (Provided you subscribe to the theory,
Just as a side note, I tend to think that laying the burden on the
individual is the best approach.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-16 08:45:34
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: IR Blocking. 
BTW: What's the FBI, Cops, etc. supposed to do when their "suspect" is
aware that they're being watched?  Do they knock down your door and
stop you from attempting to foil their investigation because they have
a warrant??  Or do they just go home with their tails between their legs?
They get a real attitude and start to break the rules because
"Now we're gonna get this smart ass and show him good."
"Yeah boss.... right."
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-17 05:00:56
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Clipper hearings 
Begin Forwarded Message
talk.politics.crypto  (4 more)
Organization: University of New Mexico, Albuquerque
Lines: 28
Forgive me if this has been put out before.
I called Senator Leahy's office, and was told that the Clipper hearings
were to be held Friday March 18th at 1030 am EST in room 226 Dirksen
Senate Office Building.
I sent email to
which is CSPAN's viewer comment address letting them know of this.
Today I got back a reply that there was as yet no plan to cover this
event, but that the info had been forwarded to the programming staff.
My guess is that it is far more likely that these hearings will be shown
by CSPAN if there are a large number of requests to either the email
address for CSPAN or phone calls to the CSPAN office, inquiring if the
hearings will be broadcast.
If getting information on Clipper into the public eye is important, then
getting the hearings carried by CSPAN would be a good way to start.
CSPAN's viewer services phone number is
(202) 626-7963
(I got this number from CSPAN's gopher server, so it's been on the net before)
Kyle L. Webb                                       Dept. of Physics + Astronomy
kwebb                               University of New Mexico
 - fin
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-17 12:28:52
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Address correction 
The address given by Black Unicorn to mail to cspan was in
    error, my mail to cspanviewr bounced.  To rattle their
    cage, try cspanviewr
You will not that I merely forwarded the message.
Sorry for any error, I didn't not feel it prudent to seek confirmation
before posting....
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-18 10:54:29
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Locating Color Copiers 
John C. Brice muttered something about...
::The Secret Service is a division of the Treasury Department.  One of their
::main duties is tracking down counterfeiters.  If someone has stolen a color
::copy machine, there's a very good chance that it was stolen for the end
::purpose of counterfeiting.  So I would imagine that that would be why the
::SS would be looking for this particular stolen property.  Make sense?
That's ridiculous.  I hate to start a flame-war, but if I decided that I
desperately needed a color copier but didn't want to spend that money and
figured I'd just steal one, why would there be a good chance that I'd be
doing this to start a counterfeiting process?  Maybe I just want to make
color copies.  If you truly believe that this would be the main impetus for
anyone stealing on of these devices you're thinking in the same ballpark as
those who we fight against with cryptography.
Additionally, it's only possible to photocopy $1, $5 and $10 because anything
larger than that has that funny little strip of plastic in the bill.
e x  t  r   a   p   o  l  a  t e                               steve j. white
Gort, klatu barada nicto.                          aragorn
I think the general point is that the secret service has authority
when there is a counterfeiting case.  I don't know the particulars
but in this case, if the secret service showed up, you can bet they
had authority.  Agencies are very possesive about jurisdiction.
Surely in this case the secret service was looking for the copier
because they had reason to believe it was being used in counter-
feiting.  That said, it's not too difficult to guess that they had
a good deal of information about the suspect and the copier already
and thus it's not real strange that they managed to track down the
copier quickly.
As for photocopying 1, 5's and 10's only, you seem to assume that all
the 20's and 50's without the polyester/foil strip in them have been
removed from circulation.
I got a silver certificate in change the other day if that tells you
anything about how likely that is.  (the 1988 series bills had no
such strip...)
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-18 12:38:16
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Joint Committee DT94 Hearings Summary 
Quick Summary of the Digital Telephony Hearings
I have a full recording of the first three sets of witnesses, but I wont type the whole transcript in because it should be available publicly as part of legislative history files in a few weeks.
The below is a quick summary of the FBI case for the Wiretap Bill, I have omitted most of the testimony of the other witnesses.  If there is enough interest I will work up a more full analysis.
The Hearing:
I was surprised by a few things.
1>  The attendance.  Most of the large telco corps. were represented and some thought the hearing important enough to hire messenger people to wait in line for them. In addition, there was a large law enforcement presence.  The FBI was in full force, not surprisingly, as were the Prince George's County Police and members of the Attorney General's Office.  All this was expected, what really surprised
me was recognizing several members of non-domestic intelligence agencies.  Typically the legislative process is observed by the intelligence communities at arms length.  Such was not the case here.
2>  The lack of any concerted support for the bill from the Chair.
Despite efforts by Rep. Canady and Sen. Cohen (sp?) there was no real
organized support for the draft bill except from the FBI.  (Director I was pleased to find the privacy issue raised several times, and usually there was deference to civil liberties rather than law One of my favorite comments from Sen. Don Edwards (Former Prosecutor and FBI agent):
"[Before 1968 when I was an agent] wiretapping was illegal.  I seem
to remember doing it anyway however."
The FBI position was exposed as flexible with Freeh admitting that he did not want access to the kind of transactional data that EFF and civil libertarians have been complaining about.  Of course he offered no real solution either, and it came out in later testimony that ferreting out this data was a distinct technical problem in and of Freeh's position was basically this:
New technology is preventing wiretapping.
Wiretapping is only used when it can be shown nothing else will work.
The FBI is not seeking an expansion of powers, but only trying to maintain the balance they "currently have."
Wiretapping is typically used in the most important "life and death" Without wiretapping crimes will take victims that otherwise would have
been protected.
Communications technology is essentially repealing the wiretap authority de facto.
His statistics were interesting too.
993 Wiretaps in 1992, over 9000 pen register connections.
252 by the FBI, 340 Federal, 2/3 State and local authorities.
22,000 "dangerous felons" arrested in the last ten years.
There was much concern from the chair as to why the current law was not enough.
Freeh replied that the telco companies themselves had been the ones to forecast a gap in access for the FBI, and that the telco lawyers were advising the telcos that they did not have to comply with old legislation if access under the new systems was not possible.
Freeh went on to say that the new law cannot compel that which is technologically impossible, and if the telco's don't install the equipment, then it is simply impossible.
Freeh claims there were 91 cases he knew of in 1993 where the new equipment had interfered with the government's ability to wiretap.
The chair was concerned that the legislation was basically halting development until the government could catch up.
Freeh replied that without the legislation the telco's would not comply with law enforcement needs.  "2000 companies will not sit down at a table at the same time and agree unilaterally to do exactly the same thing...."
The chair asked if the FBI was asking for an industry standard, and will the legislature be stepping in and "impeding technological advances that would be there without our stepping in."
Some hesitation from Freeh, then: "Yes."
Will call forwarding and such calling features that might interfere with the enforcement of this bill be kept off the market because of this legislation?
Freeh:  "No, absolutely not.   That is not the intent of the legislation, and I don't believe that is the effect."
And encryption?
"That's another problem...  This legislation doesn't ask them to decrypt, it just tells them to give us the bits as they have it.  If they're encrypted that's my problem."
Chair: "That will be another hearing."
Sen. Leahey: "I feel very fortunate to have all these things land in my subcommittee, otherwise I probably would have had nothing to do on weekends and evenings."
Freeh:  "That's why we are here, the technology is running at such a pace that we could be out of the wiretap business in a short period of Are the companies going to pay for the 24 hour personal for each and every telephone company.
Freeh:  Yes, but your only talking about 900 wiretaps a year.
The chair expresses concern that a small and budding telco with five employees might be unduly burdened by the payroll of 3 more employees round the clock.
On the $10,000 a day fine, "I think that's flexible." Freeh insisted this was only a benchmark and that the authority to impose at least those sanctions existed already.  "But we don't use it because the phone companies have been so cooperative."
On the cost of the Digital Telephony equipment.
Freeh:  "We estimate 300-500 million dollars.  That could be off by 200 million, it could be off by 500 million."
"What I do know is that the World Trade Center [bombing] cost upwards of 5 billion dollars."
The chair cites the Time survey with the 66% prefer privacy to wiretapping statistic.
Sen. Leahey expressed concern over the fact that sanctions do not take into account good faith.  Instead the FBI dictates terms, and if the carrier is unable to comply, despite whatever efforts, the sanctions are leveled.
The chair questions that if common carriers did not include small cable companies getting into the local telephone business, wasn't there an economic regulation at work?
Freeh responded by noting the last bill was rejected because it was too broad, and this one is intended to be more narrow.
Leahey dismissed the witness and commented that the technological advances in the United States were one of the major reasons the Unites States had remained a world leader.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-20 09:02:24
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  (fwd) FBI Wiretaps. Old news.... 
I forgot to add, EFF's recent FOIA act asking for equipment
interference with court ordered wiretaps showed NO problems.
Where the 91 figure comes from is a mystery.

@_date: 1994-03-21 09:44:37
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Note from EDUPAGE 
CALL FORWARD FOR CRIME
Criminals have discovered that by forwarding their calls, they can evade
wiretaps placed on their home lines. "Criminals can go to any phone, call
the `intelligent network' and route calls anywhere," says an FBI special
agent. The FBI estimates that 25% of all wiretaps "are adversely affected"
by this telephone hide-and-seek. (Wall Street Journal 3/18/94 A5A)
What the hell is with the FBI and figures?
First they cant come up with any effects, then it's 91 instances, which
was not released in EFF's FOIA request, now it's 25% of all wiretaps....
which to my math sounds like 75 or so.
Oh boy....
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-22 13:20:47
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: (fwd) FBI Wiretaps. Old news.... 
->> I forgot to add, EFF's recent FOIA act asking for equipment
Actually that was a series of CPSR FOIA requests dating back to 1992. EFF
(except for some done by Bd. Member John Gilmore) does not do FOIA.
I stand corrected.
Now that you bring it up, I do remember CPSR being attributed at the
Thanks for the correction.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-22 15:02:24
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: DT'94 and Clipper: effect on manufactures (FWD) 
I thought I would forward this as it seemed to relate.
Also 'cause I'm the author.
Newsgroups: comp.org.eff.talk,alt.privacy.clipper,talk.politics.crypto
Expires: References:  <2mi265$4a6  <6woWZxj024n
Sender: Followup-To: Distribution: inet
Organization: Express Access Online Communications, Greenbelt, MD USA
Keywords: In article <6woWZxj024n
The bill in its draft from provides that common carriers who do not provide the encryption device are exempt.  The meaning on its face is that common carriers are gaining some immunity to sanctions if they did not provide the customer with the encryption he or she is using and instead provide a means for the government to compell the common carrier to produce in the clear that which they caused to be encrypted.
This is a simplification, look at the bill for the full details.
The practical effect the bills has is to impose on common carriers that manufacture encryption devices, a duty to provide to the government those conversations which are made with said devices over their lines.
For example:
If AT&T manufactures some encryption device, and I use it over AT&T lines, one reading of the bill would suggest that AT&T is now RESPONSIBLE for decrypting this if the government should request it.
The definition is not limited to common carriers either.
PCS manufactures are also covered.
This definition argueably includes:
Apple (If they provide cellular support for Newton)
and perhaps anyone who manufactures cellular phones.
If this is the case, all these companies are bound by the terms of DT'94 and subject to its fines and sancations as well.
The net result is to discourage and make very DANGEROUS the manufacutre of encryption devices if you fall into this category.
HEREIN LIES THE IMPORTANT POINT: THE CONNECTION TO THE CLIPPER PROPOSAL AND THE ASSERTION WHICH MR. STERNLIGHT WILL JUMP UPON WITH VIGOR.
The real target of this legislation is the large telecomunications MANUFACTURES like AT&T.
It is now very dangerous to manufacture encryption devices and still remain a common carrier.
Most of the large companies that would like to jump into the market for encryption devices are also probably going to fall into the common carrier definition or the PCS manufacture definition.
If you subscribe to Mr. Sternlight's views, you would argue that this is really voluntary and that no one is forcing the companies not to manufacture these products, indeed they are free to manufacture them and pay the crippling $10,000/day non-compliance sanction and endure service
After you remove the large companies from contention, all that is left is the small companies that don't fall into common carrier definitions and are not PCS manufactures.  So the government introduces an exception.
If you manufacture an encryption device with Clipper, the government (Mytronics) has manufactured the chips, and provided the keys.  Since they provided the keys, the 3rd party manufacturer is exempt from the DT'94 regulations for decryption duty.
The only companies left manufacturing non-clipper devices are the small fries that cannot hope to compete in a government subsidized and flooded If this does not fit the definition of regulation, I simply refuse to argue the point with my opponents any longer as they are clearly resorting to arguement by symantics.
Even now the subtle cleverness with which the parts come together and form a powerful whole scares me.  The fact that this legislation does not appear to be regulation on its face deserves a great deal of credit.
Too nicely integrated to be accidental in my view.
Very cunning Janet et al, very cunning.
 >
I'm waiting for encryption devices to be included in the definition of personal communications system and covered outright by DT'94
Mr. Sternlight serves an important function on the net.
I rarely agree with him, or his style of arguement, but he has never resorted to personal attack in his discussions with me and for this he deserves at least some respect.
I cannot speak for others he might have offended.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-23 16:23:05
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: tacky 
Anyone want to mail me some tacky tokens?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-03-25 09:20:21
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Run flat tires.. 
I think the government should help them out.  I think that we
need the Car Stopper bill.   All new cars should be built with an
electronic device that allows the police to shut off the engine
remotely.  This will help keep the status quo.  And all those
people they now use the spike belts against, will still be able
to be caught.
LoJack was marketing such a device, I believe it's still available.
The upshoot was:
1> Report your car stolen.
2> Police locate signal from LoJack
3> Signal sent to car telling it to kill ignition which it does.
No chase, no mess.
What stops police from killing the ignition of your car when they are
interested in you, is an exercise for the reader.

@_date: 1994-04-05 20:48:43
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Al Haig and Secure Communictions 
About two weeks ago while making a point about the absurdity of taking government on its word, I mentioned an incident involving then Secretary of State Al Haig.
Specifically the point was in reply to Mr. Sternlight's assertion that because a public relations official for the NSA had made statements regarding the Data Encryption Escrow plan's harmless nature and the equally harmless and benign character of the NSA's paternal hand, they were unquestionably authentic and complete.
Among other points, I indicated that there was significant reason to doubt bald assertions made by government officials, especially in a public relations capacity.  One of the examples I used relied on the events following the attempted assassination of President Reagan, (who's name I then spelled incorrectly).
Specifically I noted that Secretary of State Haig appeared before the press and announced (in some form or another) that he was in charge.  The implication in my statement was that Secretary Haig was not in charge at all, and that relying on government to operate by its own rules, even with the scrutiny of the press is silly.
An irate Haig supporter, who also defended the President's name (by correcting my spelling error anyhow) insisted that this event was a big fabrication by the press and that indeed Secretary Haig was in authority in some way or another.  He insisted the press had blown the issue out of I was forced out of town for some time, and was unable to reply immediately.  I bring up the point now to clarify my information, and to tie in some interesting concerns regarding secure communications and operations in a Secretary of State Al Haig was not next in line for either succession stream, and his asserting so in the national media was a gross error.
The relevant authorities are the Department of Defense Directive 5100.30 (1971) and the Constitution of the United The first sixteen successors in the Presidential line of succession are:
1. The Vice President
2. Speaker of the House of Representatives
3. President pro tempore of the Senate
4. Secretary of State
5. Secretary of the Treasury
6. Secretary of Defense
7. The Attorney General
8. Secretary of the Interior
9. Secretary of Agriculture
10. Secretary of Commerce
11. Secretary of Labor
12. Secretary of Health and Human Services
13. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
14. Secretary of Transportation
15. Secretary of Energy
16. Secretary of Education.
The national command authority line kicks in when the President and his/her successors are dead or cannot be located and immediate U.S. military decisions must be made:
1. Secretary of Defense
2. Deputy Secretary of Defense
3. Secretary of the Army
4. Secretary of the Navy
5. Secretary of the Air Force
6. Under Secretary of Defense for Policy
7. Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering
A plethora of the Assistant Secretaries of Defense and General Council to the Defense Department in order of their lengths of service.
When President Reagan was injured, and the Vice President (George Bush at the time) was out of town, the successor to the Presidency was the Speaker of the House, Tip O'Neill.  The Secretary of State was two more rungs down the ladder.  The Secretary of State appears nowhere in the command authority side of succession.  Casper Weinberger was the then Secretary of Defense and next in line there.  Al Haig's source of sovereignty?  Control of the national media?  Perhaps that's a touch conspiracy oriented, but how does the proper authority convince the citizenry that he or she should be followed when another authority figure is effectively seizing the reigns?  Herein lies the stuff of constitutional crisis.
It is the responsibility of the Federal Emergency Management Agency to keep track of the Presidency and the line of succession.  The question becomes, if a figure claims authority how is this verified, and enforced?
Former FEMA director Giuffrida:
"One of the things we discovered is there was no authentication system.... if [someone] got on the horn and said, 'I'm the successor,' and somebody said 'prove it,' [no one could]."
Of course this was some time ago, but how much things have changed is a real question.
It seems to me that the Unites States has never recognized the potential problems that national crises may cause.  I cite a particularly interesting tale that might be amusing if it were not so alarming.
On the presidential emergency evacuation procedures from National Security Advisor Brzenzinski's Memoirs:
I called in the person responsible for evacuating the President in the event of a crisis.  I obtained a detailed account on how long it actually would take to evacuate the President by helicopter.... I ordered him to run a simulated evacuation right now, turning on my stopwatch.  The poor fellow's eyes...practically popped: He looked so surprised.  He said, "Right now?"  And I said "Yes, right now."  He reached for the phone and could hardly speak coherently when he demanded that the helicopter immediately come for a drill.  I took one of the secretaries along to simulate the First Lady and we proceeded to the South Lawn to wait for the helicopter to arrive.  It took roughly two and a half times longer to arrive as it was supposed to.  We then flew to a special site from where another evacuation procedure would be followed.  To make a long story short, the whole thing took roughly twice as long as it should have.  Moreover, on returning we found that the drill somehow did not take into account the protective services and we were almost shot down.
There have been significant changes in technology no doubt since the Carter Administration.  For one thing fiber optics seem to present some resistance to EMP effects that before threatened normal lines of communication, but how have authentication methods changed?  It seems to me that there are great potentials for advance in authority authentication with new technologies not limited to and newer than public key cryptography.  On the other hand it seems the United States culture of vulnerability, justified by theories of Mutually Assured Destruction or budgeting concerns, is so strong that such advances would never take hold in a meaningful way.  Can you see a reporter in the famed President Haig press conference asking:
"Excuse me Secretary Haig, may we examine your FEMA signed authority key?"
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-06 14:16:37
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: nsa digital cash? 
I don't think this is consistent with the approach the NSA has traditionally taken, nor do I think it is consistent with the general attitude for the proper place of intelligence agencies.  See below.
What intelligence agency would want to use a system that was obviously in federal control?
Why do you think BCCI was so popular with intelligence agencies?  The KEY effort in any agency is money laundering.  This is by definition the primary function of intelligence agencies, to bring funds to bear properly and quietly on projects and goals that don't sit well in public.  Using an "offical [sic] Secure Cash Register System" is shooting an intelligence agency and all the benefits of quiet transactions in the foot.
Rule   Intelligence agencies use foreign banks frequently.
Lumping the Federal system in with intelligence agencies in this context betrays significant ignorance in the structure of modern government.
Between this and your misconception of the Federal financial structure that Eric was so quick to point out, I think you should keep your day job Det, or is this it?
Clipper is a HUGE surprise considering the NSA history.
Two words:
Too Public.
I attribute the public outing of the NSA to an [unnamed] high administration official with no concept of the proper application of intelligence agencies except as a tool to support his dwindling programs.
I have a tremendous respect for the Office of the Presidency however.
The fact that the NSA is publicly supporting clipper betrays fear by the administration, the improper use of the agency, and a great deal of ignorance in intelligence in general.  I might add that in my personal opinion it is a perversion.
Yes it would.  This is not the function of the NSA.  The NSA either performs communications and signal intelligence or functions as an appropriations agency for secure communications channels for government.  The contemporary trend to use the agency for anything from public relations and government regulations is a mistake of application by the current administration.  The NSA is enjoying its moment in the spotlight for the time, but at the core this is a secret agency.  One of two things will happen (and I would argue one of these already has)
1>  The responsibility for the darker activities the NSA is (was) responsible for will be switched.
2>  The NSA will grow tired of its moments in the limelight and realize that serious business needs to be attended to.
The NSA is always better off when no one is talking about the NSA.
An NSA that participates in the public restructuring of a basic financial system on any level beyond the development of the technology is just not in line with an agency that has better security on the local power stations than the President has in general.
Your petty attempts at punctuation filtration leave much to be desired.
We all know you, just use caps ok?
You said it, I did not, except for above.
I don't think so.
Eric's testicles are surely much larger than you.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-06 14:49:49
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Remailer Pinging 
It occured to me, and I'm probably not the first, that it would be
quite a resource to have a finger server that dumps the last ping
responses for the active remailers.
Would it be difficult to cook up a script that pings the remailers
every 12 or 24 hours and then stores the "last ping received" data
and dumps it on a remote finger command?
I would myself but I dont have the hardware resources :(
My programming leaves much to be desired as well.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-07 14:55:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: nsa digital cash? 
Then we have a difference of opinion.
I'm not going to try and convince a subborn fanatic, nor educate one on the operation and methods of intelligence agencies.  If you are not convinced that intelligence agencies create and use front companies, agents of influence in financial institutions, bribery, blind political support funds and transactions in general, you are not worth discussing the topic with until you read or do some intelligence work.
I repeat the above.  Money laundering is essential to any intelligence operation, foreign based or U.S. based.  This is important not only to hide activities from the scrutiny of the public and hostile intelligence, but also to hide the source from the recipient.  Many political movements the U.S. would support, wouldn't be interested in the support if they knew it came from the U.S., or worse, U.S. intelligence.
Radio free America.
Radio free Europe (Set up by a "Private" company)
Radio Liberty.
U.S. Listening posts in Great Britain.
Cuban resistance movements.
The Schoenfeld tunnel.
Support for the American Federation of Labor
Support for anti-Communist American Students abroad in the 50's-60's.
Civil Air Transport (takeover)
Air America and the partner Southern Air Transport.
Airdale (the holding corp for the above)
How many do you want?
Asserting that U.S. intelligence does not and has no need of money laundering is silly.  Asserting that the NSA is never involved is also silly.  Regardless, your assertion that the NSA will become involved in the control of Federal Transactions because it will give government more control is flawed even by your own accepted factors.
This was not your point, your point was that the NSA would control such a system.  This point is also flawed.  The NSA may create the technical means, but logistics are not in the cards.
 in fact, i think it is
This is a point entirely separate from the above.
This is what the NSA does, it does not create institutions for public use.
Clipper is intended to maintain the COMINT/SIGINT ability domestically.  This has nothing to do with finances and digital cash except in so far as the same hardware might be use to implement same BY PRIVATE ENTITIES.
This is of course assuming the private development of these systems is not sufficient, a premise which grows weaker by the day.
Intelligence would never risk overt control of domestic financial institutions that were not dedicated for use.  A silent involvement with a foreign bank through a front is much more efficient.
Where do you get this from?  The NSA is perhaps the most structured intelligence agency in the United States.  They certainly know their bounds better than the other collection arms, and I won't even mention the HUMINT
It's easy to spout "virtually all analysts."  Want to tell us who and when?
As for historical precedent, when has the NSA come out public supporting a POLICY decision and not a technological development?  Clipper is not a grasp by intelligence, it is a utilization by executive authority of intelligence to support a centralist program.  If you cannot understand the distinction, you need to stay out of politics, and political analysis.
Which CPSR requests?  How is this an intelligence operation that impedes on domestic affairs?  I repeat the above, this is program from the EXECUTIVE branch.
Asserting that the FED had as much influence on retail financial transactions as you would have was your mistake.  Again, you make bald assertions that have no basis in fact, but merely seem to you to fit your argument, facts you already assume to be true and thus are convenient for you to adopt.  Try the reverse, come up with the facts first THEN move to the premise.
You're far to narrow to be rich.
If you understood financial structure, this might have more credibility than it does. (Still limited regardless)
Again, the financial ignorance.
"Self Employed."  I think this is closer.
Better get to work and off the net, you might get fired if your boss walks into the cubical you spend the day in and sees you wasting his paid time smearing cheese puffs on the keyboard while goofing off on the net.
I'll leave it up to you to decide how the above differs from Clipper and the NSA's involvement.  Your failure to identify the distinction just adds to my assessment that you have no background in intelligence or financial institutions and thus have no business at all making this argument which requires no knowledge but in these two areas.
Ok, let's assume your correct, a dubious position.  I'll call this the "NIST" front theory.
In some ways it makes sense in that agencies are usually created as an insulator the to executive.
I don't doubt it.
Now let's go back to your "NIST" front theory.  If the policy is already in the open and attributed to NIST, why must the NSA be publically involved?  Surely the NIST front was created to mask involvement in some way yes?  If this is so, as your reading of the "several key agencies" clause seems to suggest, why is the NSA talking publicly?  Why is a NSA public relations official straight out of Q43 going to conferences?
How is the NIST front acting to insulate the President here?
A "ClusterFuck" even by your definition.
Mr. Sternlight, care to comment here?
Did you even read my message?
The NSA is being used here.  How can you reconcile the attitude and culture the NSA has with your insistence that the NSA must go public when even you admit a public front has already be established and the NSA need not be involved?  I think you forget what the last paragraph in your idea was before writing the next.
My whole point is that the NSA is being manipulated as a public relations tool and this is silly and betrays a total lack of intelligence experience by whoever is directing them.  Gee, I wonder, who's program is it now that the NSA is supporting?  Who might stand to gain from having that program succeed?  Who is probably then directing the NSA to support the program in public?  You really don't know anything about intelligence do you?
Patently obvious?  You only support it with your assumptions which I will now challenge, hardly obvious.
Clipper was an offshoot of the public key technology.  The effort on Clipper strings back to the Bush/Reagan era.  NSA is not a policy agency.
They came up with the technology because that's what they are paid to do.  Applications for the technology are suggested, but it's up to other authority to apply it in practice.  It's called the take care clause.  Suggesting that Clipper, including the policy decisions, is an NSA creation is ignorant.  The technology might be an NSA invention, or theft, the Clipper program is not.
You do babble don't you.
Your theory that the NSA seeks to control federal financial transactions and to develop a digital cash system to further that goal has nothing to do with the text on a bill.  You think the NSA established the ATM network outside of the DES derivative it may use?  That alone disqualifies you as an authority on the point.
I refuse to ponder your point because it implodes when touched.
You treat the intelligence agencies as a separate policy making arm of the government not as a tool of the executive.
"They" as in the NSA?
(Sigh)  Do you hear nothing?
The NSA may have suggested that certain technologies were going to loosen their grip on domestic COMINT/SIGINT.  How this makes the NSA a policy arm is beyond me, and I think even you.
I might add that limiting cryptography is hardly a goal mutually exclusive with secrecy.  You illuminated this yourself when you mentioned the "NIST" front theory.  The NSA does not HAVE to be involved here.  You have yet to show me otherwise.
See above for money laundering discussion.
See above for suggestions on topics to read up on.
You seem to have switched your position pretty quickly.        ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
It is left to the reader to harmonize these two.
It leaves Clipper in trouble.  Never involve an intelligence agency in public affairs that might attract press and public opinion.  Silly.  Who might be responsible for this?  What a clod.
But I do have a great deal of respect for the Office of the Presidency.
Which is why, in part, that the publicity was a mistake.
 the
1)  Provide for government communications security.
2)  Provide and insure continued SIGINT/COMINT ability.
You mean, you would tell us that your going to argue this point, but then not support it.  These goals are not incompatible even if they were the goals of the NSA.  I guess you've never been to Fort Meade, Maryland.  My mistake.
Who do you suppose directs the appointment of NSA?
Are you arguing that the NSA is unaccountable?
Study political science as well as Financial Institutions and Intelligence.
Eric has more balls than you ever will my friend.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-07 20:18:15
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: nsa digital cash? 
Your sources are mostly limited.
Therefore none exists.
I provided several examples of how money laundering is applied to COMINT/SIGINT operations.  You chose to ignore them.
No, it does not.
The logistics are an executive function.  How to implement the program, how to introduce it to the public etc.  If the NSA was behind this, you will be able to explain why the press release was done through the White No I would not.
I would say that it is designed to maintain the COMINT/SIGINT ability domestically and abroad.  Wiretapping is a law enforcement concern handled by the FBI.  You'll be looking for the Digital Telephony Bill.
You source for this factually flawed information?
You now resort to Sternlight type tactics.  Change your assertion to fit the mood.  If anything the NSA may design technologies or integrate existing technologies that may have Digital Cash applications.  Asserting that they will be the institution primarily responsible for implementing nationwide digital cash flies in the face of history and theory.
Clipper and the design thereof is entirely within the bounds of the NSA mission.  I have outlined it for you three times.
You refer to domestic surveillance abuses here and seem to forget that four paragraphs ago you were asserting there is no evidence of such activity.  Take your Lithium please. You seem to propose that all ongoing projects are scrapped in intelligence agencies when a new administration takes the reigns.
Delegating the public relations to the vice president is an insulating tactic.  Again, read some Political Science, then return.
The first step in getting cured is admitting you have a problem.
More like:
The NSA announced some new technology and potential applications.  The Bush administration directed further work to be done, and some general guidelines, the Clinton administration continued the work and fast tracked the program in conjunction with the current frenzy over Your reliance on a single source is your downfall.
You will explain the NSA presence at conventions and debates how?
Funny, I thought NIST was the mouthpiece?
No it is the current administration using the NSA to support a program that they feel is dying.  It is the current administration that has no idea how to properly utilize intelligence agencies.  Anyone who has studied or practiced intelligence will tell you that one of the major problems in the field is getting the leadership to listen.  Asserting the intelligence is in control of the situation is out of hand. I have a great deal of faith in the NSA.  I state this without concern.
I also have a great deal of respect for intelligence in general and I am of a real belief that intelligence has a place in modern society.  Intelligence is always doing stupid things, no question about it, but usually it is because POLITICS tries to manipulate intelligence and push square pegs through round holes.  The NSA is having it's arm twisted to play public relations on this.
See above analysis of the potential timeline.
You really have no clue do you?
No argument here.
Again, this is a stark departure from your original assertion.
You seem to attribute to the NSA a desire for active regulation.
All of them.  Any President who uses intelligence knows that money has to be laundered.  You think the bay of pigs was done through the U.S. Treasury?
Have I mared the image of your liberal hero President of the era because I suggest he might have known about money laundering by the intelligence agencies?  Wake up and smell the coffee.  Open your door and look around.
Takes money to make money tmp.
This wont last long if the executive takes away funding.
Are you asserting the NSA and the CIA and Military intelligence operate without the authority of the President on such a large scale as to include the development of secure cash systems for domestic use?
I refuse to argue this point any longer.  NSA does not make policy.
The NSA does not make export policy, only adds to the list of restricted items.  How many time must I repeat this?
I suppose I'm not a very good Sternlight.
These are not the goals, neither are they contradictory.
No, that would be the individuals involved in the policy decisions.
But I do have a great deal of respect for the Office of the Presidency.
Yes, I do believe in the ability of the intelligence agencies under the direction of a well organized and knowing executive to accomplish much good.
Such is not the case today.
Again, it should not be the NSA who is involved in the publicity.
Were this done correctly it would have been handled such:
(Assuming the administration was so bold as to attempt such an operation in the domestic sphere which is part of the reason the initiative is such a clusterfuck)
1>  Establish front technology research company.
2>  Announce breakthrough development through company (Clipper)
3>  Pass down NSA approval of the process and discuss NSA involvement in the TECHNOLOGY development without fanfare, and with minimal connection to NSA.
4>  Create administrative agency to insulate President and Congress from repercussions (NIST)
5>  Implement Clipper with NIST and no further NSA involvement.
Unfortunately the executive branch got it wrong in planning to use the NSA as a PR entity.
I rest my case here.
tmp: You betray your ignorance yet again.
You battle over the same small points, argue details, and contradict yourself in theory repeatedly in your messages.  You cite one source and refuse to provide any real backup or any theoretical basis for your assertions that will survive a raindrop.
It is clear that your experience in both intelligence and finance is limited if existent.
It is clear that you have convinced yourself of an outcome and will continue to create facts and theory from whole cloth to support them.
It is clear that you are not open to intellectual discussion.
Therefore I refuse to continue.  Considering the lack of intellectual content in your last post, this response was a gift.  Don't expect another one.  You have extracted quite enough education at my expense.
I suggest you read up on intelligence agencies.  Consider taking some undergraduate level classes in intelligence and then moving to the graduate level.  Most of all, I suggest that you, in future, open your mind.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-08 12:31:16
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: NSA Security Manual 
You realize, of course, that by posting the manual verbatim you have allowed
them to discover where the leak was.  They have the ability to change the
wording slightly on every document, so that when you quote the document they
can discover who gave it to you.  That is why newspapers no longer report
quotes from documents that they have, or never show pictures of secret
documents.  Then again, for something as simple as a manual, they may not
bother to change each one.  But the capability exists.
This sort of manual is never seeded.
I'm sure the NSA will fuss because there has been a technical violation,
but in the grand scheme of things this is not a major concern except
the the extent it shows that an individual has the moral ability to
release the stuff to the public.
The information itself is not damning but law enforcement tends to
frown on the CONCEPT of such releases.
If it were seeded, Grady never would have been called.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-08 14:53:06
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: NSA Security Manual 
Mr. Toal said :
What I found interesting was that it was published in Phrack about
a week ago, and nothing happened, but when Grady reposted it, suddenly
phone-calls come aflying.  Either this means that the NSA read Grady's
posts more diligently than everyone else's, or Grady went out of his
way to tell them that he'd posted it, which wouldn't surprise me...
This is partly up to Grady to verify, but I suspect the answer lies in
the different frequency and lag time between examination of the net
and examination of Phrack.
Grady's probably just got noticed first.

@_date: 1994-04-08 14:55:54
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: NSA manual. 
Grady says:
Actually I speculate that someone who saw my reposting
helpfully phoned the NSA about the security breach.
But SDO10 didn't give me that information...
Sorry for the bandwidth, this sounds more reasonable than any
active scanning.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-08 16:55:53
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Nsa Manual distribution 
Could someone e-mail the manual to me. I accidentally deleted the posting
of it.
mimir |
Grove     |
(206)322-5450            |
Watch your attributation, this was not my quote.
I personally would counsel people to be quite cautious about distributing
the document in question actively.
There is a case to be made if you know the material is restricted and you
send it out anyhow.
I don't think this applies to Grady, who seems to have forwarded the
material as a "is this real" project.  Now that he has indicated the
material is of some interest to NSA, anyone sending the document back
and forth should really be cautious.
For the less paranoid:
Most of the information in the document, as I indicated before, is not
damning by itself.  It is the distribution that is offensive to the
powers that be.  The question is how obnoxious and picky the enforcement
side wants to be and what the background of the leak is.
If this is material put out by someone who might otherwise be in trouble
it might get nasty out there.
I don't think I'd want it on my ftp site, let me put it that way.
The FOIA exemption for administrative materials is what worries me most.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-09 20:12:11
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Shot 'Round the World 
Mr Davis:
Well, this certainly helped the "cause."  If I were a media person
recieving this mail, I'd get a good laugh, then hit delete.
I don't see anything nifty, wonderful, or unusual in the manual.  I've held
a Secret clearance doing work as a Defense contractor, and the requirements
aren't abnormal.  They're stricter, but given that the clearance level is
higher and it's in the intelligence community, it's not unusual.  I would
seriously doubt the manual is of much interest to the media.
If you want to help, mail the media about privacy, and what Clipper is
going to do to it.  This kind of mail just makes the online community look
like fanatical crackpots.
(I'm an EFF member as well.  What does that have to do with your message?)
Bob Snyder N2KGO                                     MIME, RIPEM mail accepted
snyderra                       finger for RIPEM public key
         When cryptography is outlawed, bayl bhgynjf jvyy unir cevinpl.
I tend to side with Mr. Snyder here.  I would add that Mr. Davis has probably
attracted a good deal of attention to himself for little gain.
Distributing the manual anonymously would have made more sense, and in the
event that the manual becomes an issue of contention or a torch for a
witchhunt, Mr. Davis would be an interesting martyr in the quest to test
the security of remailers and anonymous distribution.
I fail to see how this is an important step for the cause.
The manual was already in active distribution, the media will probably be
the first to jump on the "electronic risks" bandwagon by noting how easy it
would have been for an individual to spread a much more damning document.
This brings up a curious point.
If the cause is thawarting intelligence agencies, the next Clipper will be
much less open, perhaps even black.  My take on the point of cyberpunks
was to make the technology available, organize the positive societal
impacts, and prevent the government regulation of information and technology.
How can the reckless distribution of (admittedly moderate) intelligence
information serve these goals?  As much of an anti-estlablishment movement
as cypherpunks might associate themselves with, since when has treason
been on the agenda?  (Obviously I don't label Mr. Davis a traitor, but
I'm not in authority in this matter.)
Even Mr. May, who I most respectfully place on the heavy side of anti-
estlablishment, has often noted that the goal is to allow society to
evolve into the technology that is available.
Freedom of information, and nil transaction cost in anonymous settings
is key in empowering the individual and securing individual rights.
Obviously the goal will conflict with modern intelligence agencies that
seek to attempt domestic monitoring, but I think everyone here needs
to address the role of such agencies in the grand scheme of things.
Is the cypherpunk position a lawless one, or one promoting the evolution
of law?
I will be the first to assert that the manual was basically non-damning,
I did in fact assert so some days ago.  But consider, what if it had indeed
been a revelation in the security methods and practices of the intelligence
agency?  That would be a significant compromise, and cost mass sums of money
in modified security efforts by the agency.  Not to mention the fact that
it stands to endanger lives.  Consider the recent attack on the CIA.
I doubt that even this would have prevented the wild distribution of the
manual however, prompting me to wonder about the place of responsibility
and restraint in the realm of freedom of information.
Who would be the bidders on BlackNet for such information?
No one who wanted to know simply for academic purposes I'll wager.
Issues like this seem to add to the Pro-Clipper arguements.
The current pathalogical obsession with anti-crime measures can only
be fueled with incidents like this and the MIT piracy case.
If anon.penet.fi was not really used in this case, we see how the media
will capitolize on these events to feed the headlines, and in this case
that means anti-crime positions.
Most media people will pass up the manual, just as someone suggested they
might.  What concerns me is the radical right reporter who asks,
"Just who is this guy and why does he have this manual?"
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-10 18:26:53
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Day-One trailer 
Monday the 11th on Day One:
Have we taken a wrong turn on the information superhighway?
Looks like they are going to look into porn on the nets with a real
bias media eye.
I don't give day one much credit either....
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-11 14:55:01
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Pseudonyms and Reputa 
In a closed system such as the one you describe, the problems of
free and easy access to nyms is not a concern.  My read is that
the only time this is in a problem in the way we are approach it is in a less private forum.  Mr. Sternlight will be the first to
mention that you need not participate in such a forum.  I will be
the first to advise you actively not to.  (See below)
Your sentence leaves ambiguous what subject the "worst kind of bad
guys" clause modifies.  Interestingly enough it seems to me that
for this argument to have any merit in the way you structure it, one
must make a value judgement on who is a valiant guy and who is a bad guy.  I think you will find that the more sophisticated of the theorists here will argue that strong encryption and anonymous channels of communication should be available to everyone regardless of what you, I, they or the state department may think of their philosophy, motives or character.
While the story has merit for a demonstration of legitimate USE of
PGP, to hinge the support of that fact to the "goodness" or "badness"
of the user is to miss the point.
See above Re: your use of the word "thugs."
I think you will find again that the more sophisticated theorists
here who oppose the wide availability of anonymous channels will
transcend this argument, which is again based on a value judgement of the user's motives.
I guess you just support my point here.  Note that your use of
"you or anyone else" includes YOU (Dork).  It follows that
you have just eradicated your entire argument, which was based
on the decision you (Dork) had made on the legitimacy of anonymous
Might makes right?  The ability to create unlimited anonymous
accounts overrides the basic question of order?
Even if your right, I think it is you who needs to consider this
line of argument, and not us.
This is your mistake.  You'll find, I think, that cypherpunks look to
the future, and for ways to solve problems rather than:
"...bang[ing] [their] [Enter] key[s] right smartly."
Which is again, your mistake.  The application of said technology tends
to begin from "games."  Magic money is a crude "game" of sorts with a
fictitious bank, and fictitious money.  But it illuminates the problems
of digital cash in an important way.
Reckless abandon is unwise, Dork.  (As was, I might add, your nym selection.
Leaves you way to open.  :)  )
Try instead:
GENERAL ADVICE TO ALL ONLOOKERS:  Since it looks like
self-appointed ["Nym Police"] are working hard to prevent you from
[developing non-anonymous systems], I suggest that if you ever think
that you might ever have a NEED for [a non anonymous system] at any
time in the future, that you take a little time off and set up a [non-anonymous system] and so on and embed [it] before these guys
get their [anonymous] systems in place.  Do that NOW, because this
kind of thinking is a THREAT to you.
Just what is it that makes your "'ID police'" any more self-righteous
than you?
Wow, you are quick!
We won't be hearing from you more often?  Shame.
Sounds like a personal failure in the sorting process to me.
You could always ask to be removed from the list... please?
If you're so sure nyms are ok, why are you explaining yourself to us?
Some general thoughts, Dork:
Your blind application of value based arguments really takes from the
force of persuasion.  I suggest you listen more, talk less, and finish
your undergraduate education.  Many of the posters here who seem to have
less experience and "important mail" than you still seem to handle
themselves in a much more mature way.  It is clear that you are not very
open to suggestion in general, as a result I suggest you stop wasting
your important time and precious mail space, as well as ours and find
something more selfish than a group discussion to participate in.  I find
that yelling at a wall is very satisfying when I don't want to be persuaded.
You might try it.  -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-11 22:59:34
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Cyber PsyOps (Re: Shot) 
The assertion that the NSA is manipulating the executive borders on the indefensible.  The NSA make educated suggestions in their field of expertise.  The President worries about the policy implementations from the executive.
If the NSA is really in control, why the hell are they doing public relations instead of remaining the super secret agency they would much This is simply a re-hash of the old arguement I had with tmp
I expected more.
The problem with your potential crucifiction is that no body gains for your death.  You are not Jesus.  We do not profit if you are imprisioned.
An aware, informed, and actively participating population being your target, you will want to reach as many people as possible.  I think most will agree that you tend to the fringe right now and thus your audience will be limited.
An anarchy with local lords controlling individual participation. (System admins)  An anarchy with regional economic powers that charge for
inclusion.  (Service providers) An anarchy with an organized watchdog group.  (CERT)  An anarchy subject to the laws of the participants residency. (MIT bust)   An anarchy with export regulations.
Some anarchy.
It seems to me you're talking about goals, not reality.
Have to have a real anarchy first.
Harass the NSA.
Win the press and the people in the process?
If that's what your proposing, I really can't follow you, and I think the majority of the population will tend to think along the same lines.
Look, I really don't object to your goals.  I'd like less regualtion too.
Unfortunately distributing restricted documents at will and declairing psy-warfare on the NSA probably won't get you there.  I hope I'm wrong, and I hope you do it all by yourself, but I have to ask the question, had the document been top secret, or even just confidential, would you still have spread it around so easily?  To me that reflects a lack of judgement and recklessness.  I tend to think of actively subverting an intelligence agency the same way.
Better in my mind to learn and act in a guided way, not throwing every stick and spear and gernade that comes to hand at the target.
What you seem to be looking for is change, NOW.
THIS SECOND.  If this is your timetable, I hope you like bloodshed.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-12 01:58:10
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Cyber PsyOps 
Indeed, you have made it quite clear that you don't seem to care what leaks are attributed to you.
I don't intend to flame you, nor to begin a flame war.  I questioned your methods, and you respond with nothing but smoke.  You outline some broad goals but advance no theories about how they might be accomplished by your immediate actions except admitting that the individual can't affect Your approach puzzles me.  I will, however, never advance the suggestion that you not participate.  I wouldn't bother to reply if you didn't seem worth the effort.  This is why I stopped bickering with tmp
You seem too devoted to your cause to be dissuaded by me.  What is one to infer about your response to more compelling pressures?
This from a "questionable" statured military type with three self-appointed SSN's?
I have always found civilian intelligence more agreeable.  Less regimented.
Less reactionary.  Less worry with the indoctrination of training.
I'm afraid personal attacks deserve personal attacks.
In addition, I question your analysis of the NSA security manual and its potential harm.  I might add that I think it suggests a poor CI ability, not a well defined one as you would have us believe.  To a person with your training, the damage of the manual should be clear to you.
If I'm wrong than Military Intelligence really needs some work indeed.
Back to the Walker days in the Navy?
I believe that what your doing is an key part of cypherpunks, discussing, absorbing, sharpening.  It's the DORK39's who are disruptive.
Just try not to be so judgemental on a personal level and stick to the argument.  You know nothing of me nor my education or experience, don't pretend to by citing some off the wall remark about CI training in the hopes that it might impress the less informed readers.

@_date: 1994-04-17 12:46:48
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Key Eater Needed 
Mike Ingle says:
There is no way to know now when a key was sent to a server, so it is hard
to know when to delete it. One way would be to keep track of when new keys
are sent or updated, and delete any key which has not been updated within a
certain time, such as one year. All existing keys could be given six months
to live. Those who wanted to keep their present keys could send them again,
and others could create new ones.
Why not a note sent from the server to the key address to the effect:
Your key has been deleted....  etc.
Not only will this fish out some of the changed addresses and thus non-
updated keys, but also remind the legitimate user who just hasn't gotten
or looked to get a new signature in 6mos - Years to think about a new
key and a revocation.
I assume revocations will be kept for good?

@_date: 1994-04-17 14:09:05
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: RE: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
What really gets me here is the alienability of the rights in question.
One of the prevailing arguements seems to be "the tenants are willing
to sacrifice their rights for more safety."
This of course misreads the question.  If it were only a questions of
relinquishing your own rights then there are procedures for the
waiver and consent to search.  What drives me up the wall is some tenants
saying they are willing to waive their own rights for safety when what
they are really doing is waiving EVERYONES rights for their safety.
This is merely another load of whiskey for the toothache.
Bust down some doors and we will solve the nations problem of violence.
I have to hand it to the administration, they managed to divert the
attention of the media from the other major screw-ups and cast a
"fight the violence" spotlight on it.  At least this cluster-fuck is
(in the current atmosphere) defendable.
What a crock.
The ease with which this nation disregards its own fundamental principles
disturbs me.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-17 14:28:37
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: RE: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
A government official was quoted in today's LA Times as saying
approximately, "I'm sure we can square this with the Fourth
Amendment... this is an emergency situation."
   Eli   ebrandt
To which I reply:
Then declare a national emergency and suspend the constitution.
Any emergency not sufficent enough to do this isn't a national emergency.
The only thing that bothers me more than the use of rhetoric like
"The War on Drugs" or "The War on Crime" or "The Health Care CRISIS"
to cover up the fact that rights are being circumvented or outright
eliminated is the willingness of the population to buy into the game.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-17 17:00:40
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Warrentless Search 
Mr. Davis said:
The average citizen operates from a paradigm of self interest, perhaps
extended to his/her family.  If a governmental action does not resonate
with this paradigm- (i.e. "what's in it for me?")- the government action
goes largley unnoticed.  When the Reagan administration exhumed the 1888
Law allowing military to assist law enforcement, but not make arrests, I
took note of that because it directly affected my life.  Almost no one
else paid any attention to it.
What you describe, as near as I can tell, is the effect of
"entrepreneurial politics."  That is when a policy (allegedly) creates
general and widespread benefits at a cost that burdens a small portion of
the popolous.  The incentive is strong for the few opponents to oppose it.
These tend to pass when the opponents are poorly represented and cannot
make their objections widely known.
Compare these with:
Client politics:  When the benefits of a policy are concentrated, but the
burdens widely spread.  Small groups have powerful reasons to support the
regulation/legislation.  The opponents have little reason to resist if
it even is clear that the legislation will effect them.  These usually
pass when watchdog groups are not present.
Interest-Group politics:  Costs and benefits are narrowly concentrated.
The public doesn't have much incentive to be bothered with the legislation
and doubts there is a serious effect to them.  Interest groups usually
carry the day here.
Majoritarian politics:  All or most of society hopes to gain; all or
most hopes to gain.  Interest groups have little incentive to form.
In general what you seem to want to attribute to a basic non-concern by
the people in general is really the fact that none or little of the
citizenry feel themselves effected by the legislation.
The circumvention of the rights against warrantless search in such a major
way is a majoritarian politic issue, and is not comparable to the
example that you gave, (baring more specific information).
Ignoring the potential ramifications of a seizure of constitutional rights
to fight the symptoms of some invented "Crime Crisis" is to me much more
indictive of citizen's apathy.  I make this assertion with the admission
that I don't know the specifics of your example, as you did not provide
I feel this conversation, which facinates me, bears off of the cypherpunks
topic.  Unless the voices calling for a more technical and a less
political subject matter have waned, I think we should consider another
Personally I find the discussion of centralist issues in general important.
It's the tie in to cryptography and the lack of a comprehensive list
position on the political nexus with the technical that worries me.
Sorry for the bandwidth in any event.
See, J.Q. Wilson, The Politics of Regulation (1980) for a deeper discussion.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-17 17:07:00
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: hyperdisk 
Does anyone remember the application hyperdisk?
It had encryption functions and I was hoping someone would recall which
method it used...
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-17 22:40:26
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Does the List Have a Political Ideology? 
But discussing politics here is not at all banned--how could it be?
Politics comes up a lot, including the Clipper debate and all the
recent discussions.
I couldn't, even by a stretch, make a case for the topic at hand
and its connection to crypto.

@_date: 1994-04-18 13:09:24
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
Ah, but you see, you moved into the dorm (and signed a paper) saying you
  would follow the school's rules.  These rules included uncool search and
  seizure and are allowed since you are not in a home... it's similar to a
  hotel's right to do room service when you're out at the pool.
What your talking about is the difference between a lease and a license.
Dorm "agreements" generally avoid the terms of art that make an
agreement a lease.  This is one of the reasons that they are called
"Housing agreements."
The fact that you do not have a leasehold on the property is one of the
legal catches to allow your constitutional rights against search and
seizure to be avoided.
In fact many of the protections that are afforded leaseholders are denied
those who merely have a "license."
Such is NOT the case with the majority of government based housing.
You cannot SIGN AWAY your rights in most cases.  The exceptions are
numerous, but a clause in a lease that says "the owner may search and
seize whatever he likes" is hardly one of them.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-18 14:05:24
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  warrantless searches 
The idea of sweeps will never work, they'd have to do it a couple
of times a day. I don't even need to go into the
unconstitutionality of the whole process. The whole thing boils
down to trying to use a simple solution to solve a complex problem,
which works for politicians, but no one else.
Besides, Handguns are illegal in Chicago, and have been for more
than a decade.......
Well not exactly.
It is illegal to possess an unlicensed handgun in Chicago, and
Chicago has not issued any new licenses in a decade.
An account from a friend of mine went something like this.
He had a workshop on the near west side and kept a .32 inside with
him.  The .32 was obviously unlicensed.
Long and short, he ended up at "Gun Court."  The process went something
like this:
If the defendant's skin color was lighter than the tan wall, a small
fine ($100) was imposed.
Other defendants were given hefty fines and some jail time.
Note that the first category was never asked about past records,
the second were always asked about past records.
The point is this:  Even if sweeps work, they won't "Work."
Even the judges don't seem to think that getting gun holders
off the street is a cure.  Or they don't care one way or the
I do agree that this is just Bayer for cancer.
I grow tired of bearing the burden of some flunkies ideas of social
Like I said before.  If it's an emergency, declare one and suspend
the constitution.  Otherwise, come up with a real solution.
It's amazing to me that administrations can lop all the low income
housing into large poorly built high rises and then complain that
crime is too excessive.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-18 16:52:39
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Empower: 
Could someone give me a brief summary of Empower's cryptography
strength?  Is there a password cracker?
-uni-  (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-19 14:52:35
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: BEST Inc. 
If the info is on the card, follow the refrigerator magnet idea
if you don't want them to cash your cheque. Or do as the Sarge did.
Then, instead of having a record that you purchased Pentouse Letters
on April 14 at 10:33 pm in Mac's Milk on the corner of Broadway
and 110th, they have a record of your withdrawal of 50 bucks from
the atm and a picture in their video database as you did the
withdrawal. Six of one, half a dozen of the other.
If the info is in the database, and it is (even though _this_
pos terminal may not have access to it) then - well, if you object
to this, keep up with cp and other fora, get yourself some fake
or anonymous id's (?), write code, use pgp, become judgement proof,
move and don't set up forwarding addresses, have your id killed, etc.
        Bill Garland,
                whose .sig just vanished
What might be really useful is a list of the different measures
used on all the states ID's.
For example:
Maryland uses a magnetic strip, Digitized Photo and a bar code.
All that is printed on a credit card like card and not laminated.
Military ID's are green and white paper with a polaroid and a
signiture, normal lamination.
Illinois is a normal lamination with a complete photo within,
no bar code or strip, no digitized photo record.
Anyone want to further the list?  I wouldn't mind compiling the
What seems key and most attractive to those who are willing to
go through the trouble, is identifying the states that use
limited measures, espeically avoiding the magnetic strip and
digitized photo states, and getting your license(s) in the
states that are "behind the times."
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-19 15:56:08
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
Are there any lawyers that can comment with certainty?  I'm not qualified
  to answer this point.  (I did post since it was my original point that
  is being referred to.  My opinion is that a landlord can not further limit
  that which the state laws protect... but that is opinion)
The test to distinguish a Leasehold from a License is whether the
control exercised by the occupant over the premises is so great
as to make the occupant a tenant, or so small as to make the
occupant a licensee.
Key factor inculudes the intent of the parties in determining
the the consequences of the landlord tennant relationship.
_Cook v. University Plaza_, 427 N.E.2d 405 (Ill. 1981).
The intent is usually determined by the language of the agreement
and the focus is on certain key words that estlablish a leasehold.
ONLY A TENANT HAS A POSSESSORY INTEREST IN THE LAND.
Thus: Only a tenant can bring actions like ejectment, tresspass,
One should note that arguebly the Fair Housing Act does not kick
in until one has a possessory interest in the land and the relationship
can be characterized as a landlord tennant one.
Private clubs, dwellings for religious purposes and others are
exempt from the act.
Public housing commissions may adopt "desirability standards" to
determine elgibility, but this right stops short of discrimination
even to the extent that criminal records, while they may go to
desireability, may not be used as a bar from public housing.
_Manigo v. New York City Housing Authority_, 51 Misc. 2d 829 (1966).
There is upon the tenant a duty not to use the premises for
Illegal purposes.  (Gambling, prostitution etc.)
Argueably this might include violations of the Chicago handgun
laws, but the connection between possession of a handgun and
the use of the leasehold estate seem to me, thin.
At the very least, the presence of a leasehold brings about basic
protections and non-discrimination protections in particular into
existance.  The license that a student may hold upon a dorm
does not trigger such protections under landlord tenant law, although
remedies may exist elsewhere.
Because a leasehold is partly a conveyance and partly a contract,
the denial of the Right to possess firearms in general is unenforceable
in so far as it constitutes a infringement upon the constitutional
Such a prohibition in a license agreement, while not per se legal
is at least not protected in the same way.
The move of property law to a theory of contract, that is the move to
allow the private parties of landlord and tennant to agree on issue
s normally separate from a housing agreement, does not enable the
tenant to give up certain rights.
"When owners grant rights of access to their property to others,
they are not unconditionally free to revoke such access."
40 Stan. L. Rev. 611 (1988).
"Property rights serve human values.  They are recognized to that end
and are limited by it.  Title to real property cannot include dominion
over the destiny of persons the owner permits to come upon the premises."
_State v. Shack_, 58 N.J. 297, 277 A.2d 369 (1971).
In so far as restrictions in a lease include rights that can be
estlablished by state or federal constitutions or other law, they
are unenforceable.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-19 16:04:18
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Money Laundering thru Roulette 
There was a more interesting case in, I believe, Australia.  Someone
who wanted to bribe a politician instead libeled him.  The politician
sued, and they ``settled'' out of court.
Interesting also that in some states judgements are non-taxible.

@_date: 1994-04-19 16:15:47
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: ID list 
I have recieved 4 replies in 2 hours.
I propose the following for the list of ID types:
Please incude the date and month of the card issuance, so it can be
included in the list.  Many people have states that let licenses
go for 5 years so outdated information is a problem.
The greatest concerns are the digitized photo, the magnetic strip
and the bar code.  Please include a yes/no for each of these at least.
The type of card (laminated... not laminated... etc) is also helpful.
I'm amazed at the response.
The identity of contributers will not be put on the list, and anonymous
submissions are encouraged.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-19 18:41:49
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Blacknet and espionage. 
Just some sage advice for newbies:
Stay away from Blacknet unless your a serious customer.
Ames was a major Blacknet user.  I don't think the authorities
will take a bright view of anyone posting about it publically.
On the otherhand, if you have legitimate information to pass, and
want money for it, and don't mind taking quick and speedy trips
to other jurisdictions in disguise, go for it!
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-20 10:55:21
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Black Net 
Do you have any evidence that the BlackNet people have committed
violence against someone, either before or after forming BlackNet?
Providing evidence like this publically is about the equivilant
of suicide.
You really don't know who your dealing with do you?

@_date: 1994-04-20 18:36:45
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Blacknet and espionage. 
Uh, As far as I've heard, Ames was not a major Blacknet user.
The unknown grunt in the intelligence community who caught
him is another matter.
Hanno Reductionist
You are obviously clueless.
Ames transfered most if not all of his information through Blacknet.
The recent attention to the security of the internet is at least
partially a function of the ease with which export restricitons
and espionage are facilitated on a DAILY BASIS by blacknet.
It is the easiest method of underground data transfer.  Period.
This will [thankfully] be my last post on the subject.
I've drawn quite enough attention to myself already.

@_date: 1994-04-20 18:39:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: remailers 
For some reason I have not been able to get any of the remailers to
work with PGP encryption.
In addition, the ping figures at the end of the soda finger file
don't seem to have changed since I first looked at them some
days ago.... is this just me?
Is anyone out there chaining with PGP supporting remailers?
Could ya drop me a line, preferably with some reply option, and
give me a few hints?

@_date: 1994-04-20 18:40:31
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Hyperdrive 
I'm still looking for info on the encryption function in "Hyperdrive"
Anyone have any clues?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-21 12:23:48
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Graynet 
Nevertheless, I think there would be some value to a GrayNet.  There's a
difference between intelligence gathering and analysis on the one hand,
and espionage on the other.  Several businesses in the "competitive
intelligence" arena operate quite openly.
And of course, the major players like to work through proxies.
One of the problems here is that business intelligence becomes industrial
espionage partially by way of who is in possession of the information.
In so far as the use of information is determined in part by the motives
of the "spy," those operating a "graynet" would have in their best
interests at least some concept of who they are dealing with, anonymous
transactions may give rise to liability.
In other words, a greynet dealing in industrial intelligence can
effectively become a BlackNet.  In this context it makes little sense
to call such an entity a "graynet"
In so far as the information is benign enough to keep a graynet from
becoming a blacknet, there is no use to anonyminity.
A graynet might as well be an open e-mail account.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-21 12:50:15
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Warrantless searches -- A sign of things to come? 
There's another difference between dorms and public housing.  Public
housing is the tenant's home.  In a dorm, the school is acting in loco
parentis.  That is, the school is acting in the position of a parent,
which gives them considerably more latitude.
This position flies in the face of law on the subject.
"Persons who meet the required qualifications and who abide by the
university's rules and regulations are permitted to attend and must
be presumed to have sufficent maturity to conduct their own personal
We know of no requirement of the law and none has been cited to us
placing on a university or its employees any duty to regulate the
private lives of their students, or to control their comings and
goings and to supervise there associations."
_Hegel v. Langsam_, 273 N.E.2d 351_ (1971).
"A university is an institution for the advancement of knowledge and
learning.  It is neither a nursery school, a boarding school, nor a
prision."  Id.
(Granting motion to dismiss for failure to state a cause of action
upon which legal relief may be obtained.  Student who was caused
to become drug addicted, seduced, and allowed to be absent from
dormatory while at defendant university gave rise to no claim of
duty of care upon university as duty to university does not includew
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-21 13:49:14
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: ID list status note. 
Currently I have information on the high tech methods for the following
New Jersey
New york
Alberta (Canada)
British Columbia
Military ID
GB European Union Model
In many cases, the information is insufficent, so I encourge anyone
who hasn't to submit the information even if your state/prov./country
appears on the list.
The most important facts seem to be
1>  State
2>  Month and year of issuance
3>  Is there a bar code?
4>  Is there a Digitized photo or merely a polaroid?
5>  Is there a magnetic strip?
6>  Is there a hologram or such?
7>  Was the license mailed or given on the spot?
Anything else important you feel you should add.
When I have around 30, I'll post the list.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-21 15:27:47
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Green Card Post 
Newsgroups: alt.tv.seinfeld,alt.tv.melrose-place,alt.tv.bh90210
Organization: Columbia University
Lines: 8
Thought you might all like to know that that fool who posted the Green
Card Lottery thing to every known newsgroup has been busted for
disobeying netiquette. His server in, I think, Texas, has cancelled his
account! Check out the New York Times Business section of today, 4/19/94,
for a terrific article. It's great to see he got his just deserts.
Unfortunately, he seems perfectly happy and says as soon as he gets a new
account, he'll start advertising again! What can we do?
I got a kick out of this, especially considering the distribution.

@_date: 1994-04-21 16:45:42
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Sorry, unicorn... 
I recall reading that Ames used rather conventional mail drops to
deliver his stuff. He was compromised and working for the Soviets
way before internet access was nearly as available as today.
Get a clue yourself.
So your saying he never used BlackNet?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-23 12:54:20
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Lord Have Mercy On Us All :-( 
tim werner said:
The police are a Good Thing when they are protecting me from fraud, theft,
and physical attack.
The most efficent police are those under a dictator.
They will protect you from fraud, theft and physical attack too.
Are they a good thing?
The communications network doesn't really bother me,
The formation of a group dedicated to empowering law enforcement with
high technology does.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-24 18:47:14
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: RE: Warrantless searches -- Sorry to start this again.... 
Well, for one thing, if the drugs they are dealing were not illegal, there
would be no high-anxiety drug deals going on in the apartments.
And if the government housing projects weren't there....

@_date: 1994-04-24 18:48:31
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Warrentlesss SEarches (fwd) 
Thanks for your perspective. I have imagined that if I found it necessary
to live in such a place that I might favor choosing a building with some
sort of covenant, explicitly agreed to by all tenants, that allowed
searches for weapons. I take it that you would not find that to be a good
idea. Do you have other ideas along such lines?
I'm in the process of looking further, but the legality of this covenant
is questionable.

@_date: 1994-04-25 10:52:50
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Wow, what a key! 
1023 Byte PGP Public Key Avaliable Upon Request.  (c)1994 by: Sean Padraic Kane
     ^^^^
Now that's a PGP key!

@_date: 1994-04-25 11:01:01
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Id List.... Release? 
I have a pretty good list of ID's and their characteristics, and
I'm about ready to make the list available.
I thought I might try something to make it interesting.
The list will be available to anyone who provides me with 10 tacky
tokens from the magic money application.
We'll see how this work.
My public key is below.
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
I threw in the magic money bit so perry wouldn't complain that
my message had nothing to do with cryptography.  :)
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-27 13:26:48
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Gee... 
If you're looking for the moral high ground, then you need to respect
the "spirit" of the regulation.  Only in the case that you really make
a good faith effort to comply with the regulation, can you hold yourself
out as morally pure with regards to United States export regulations.
Since the spirit of this regulation is:
1>  Keep high technology and strong crypto in the United States and
2>  Empower the Federal Government by limiting the economic marketability
3>  Keep the private sector out of the Strong Crypto Business.
Getting the code, concepts, media, academic materials, or anything that
might by furthest stretch of the imagination allow a foreigner to re-
produce strong crypto is out of the question.
You can't have it both ways.
I want to comply.
I want to export.
Instead it must be realized that the real question is HOW to get it out
in a way that has not been thought of, or will not be checked, or
is not yet regulated.  (Read, Don't Get Caught.)
I think Mr. Sandfort has the right idea here by noting the importance
of not only release, but wide distribution.  Only then do the laws become
"powerless."  In any event, there is still the risk that extreme measures
might be taken to hold on to centralist powers.  (Total ban on crypto,
born classified notion, see Innman or the current position on export,
that posting to the internet is per se the constructive equiv. of export).
I must add that I don't support the violation of export regulation,
particularly in public or semi-public forums.  I only note that the
belief that both the letter and spirit of law (which is in this day and age very centralist) and the cypherpunk goals can co-exist is intellectually inconsistent in many instances.
One cannot serve cypherpunks and centralism both.
The real goal is to serve cypherpunks and stay free of criminal/civil -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-27 13:37:17
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Gee... 
Yes, perhaps.
By any means necessary includes by means legally suspect, but not
explicitly forbidden.
In a public forum, this was probably the goal.  In general it is not.
Perry, I suspect, has too much to lose to be caught exporting.
To suggest that the point was to find a legal solution is to dodge the
basic question.  The point is to get the stuff out.  Finding a legal
solution is one method.  Don't lose sight of the end.  The end is still
in many ways, revolutionary.  Cypherpunks, from all I can tell, is partly
the political movement to empower the individual at the expense of the
state.  The fact that the state has the upper hand for the moment only
varies method, not intent.
So even the exportation of crypto "technically" compliant is dangerous.
It could merely trigger more drastic measures.  Instead, the focus
is or should be on getting the genie out of the bottle for good, so that
even extreme measures yield nothing.
In so far as the law is a matter of perspective, I think everyone should
try to embrace the concepts of the law, and in particular, the constitution.
Just because our contemporaries have lost sight, or made (drastic) departures, doesn't mean the document, or the doctrine, is useless.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-27 19:06:47
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
Yes it bothers me, but not for the reasons that you think.
First, be careful about characterizing the change as the CIA
jumping in bed with the FBI.  What is really happening is that
the FBI is taking over some of the counterintelligence functions
of the CIA.  I liken this battle to the desire of each branch of the
armed services to have their own air wing.  When you need close air
support, it doesn't have the navy to work for first.  In this case, the move is an attempt to head off legislation that would be much more restrictive on the CIA.  Believe me, the CIA is more upset about it than you are.  They are hardly "jumping into bed" with anyone.  Bent over a chair is more like it.
The FBI, understaffed in counterintelligence anyhow, also has a distinctly
different philosophy and approach to CI.  Law enforcement seeks to apply interdiction.  Find the criminal, catch the criminal in the act, imprison the criminal.  Historical example: The Walker Case.  The FBI blew it in a big way when they snagged the documents at the drop spot.  As a result, they never followed the handler connection back.  The CIA prefers observation.  Find the criminal, watch the criminal, walk the
cat backwards (catch the handler, perhaps some others, depending on the degree
of cell compartmentalization).  Disinformation through the exposed spy is also a powerful tool.  It not only disrupts intelligence activities, but erodes trust in legitimate information.
In intelligence the feeling usually is that observation is best.  The goal being to learn about the enemy.  In law enforcement the feeling is that the crime must be stopped.  The goal being to enforce "justice." Note that this represents a simplification of the bumps around the edges.
The usurpation of CIA's CI functions bothers me because of the doctrinal distinction, not because it empowers the FBI.
Yes it makes me nervous, but not for the reasons you think.
See below.
Yes.  I'm not sure if my version is close to yours, however.
The trend is to use the intelligence and federal law enforcement agencies for domestic politics.  The NSA to promote the economic regulation of the crypto market.  The FBI to further the executive's domestic survell.
technology agenda, and put out the crime fire at home.  The CIA to
demonstrate, via a parade of horrors, how bad the problem is, and be the fall
guy for the FBI.
This is a perversion.  I discussed this before on the list and in usenet.
Using the NSA as a public relations tool to the degree you see today is an idea that only the intelli-clueless Clinton would think of.  Intelligence and law enforcement are not the President's personal program advocates.  It detracts from real business and it destroys the credibility of the agencies in the eyes of the public.  This makes it hard for real business to be addressed.
Ames was exposed for quite a long time.  His public capture and arrest complete with media fanfare were as politically timed as the rest of the rhetoric out there.  I've spoken in private with at least one list reader on this matter in the last week or so, it's really not a new concept.  It does surprise me that it has become as political as it has.  I have long maintained that these uses of intelligence betray a basic ignorance of intelligence application and intelligence agencies in general.
I have the greatest respect for the office of the Presidency, however.
Yes, I'm tired of the issue being framed as a crime problem that needs political attention through law enforcement when in actuality it is a question of regulation and domestic policy.
[X=Y Y=X]
Other speaker:
[X=Y Y=X]
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-28 11:11:17
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: spooks on cypherpunks 
[In response to a "tip"]:
What, did he expose some of your friends or something?
I'm not sure I get your point.  If I imagine the soldier in the field deficating he won't have any power over me?  Or do I have to imagine the gun deficating?  The profanity doesn't seem to help me follow your ideas.
One of the problems with cypherpunks, and Mr. May mentioned this
some posts ago, is that you have close to 700 views.
If our friend at nobody wants to "out" someone (if that's what he's doing), he has his own purpose and motives, and Mr. Davis has little
constructive to say about it.
With 700 people on the list, it's likely that someone will have some useful purpose for this information.  Since it's impossible to tell who, or even if anyone can do anything with it you might as well just let it pass.
-russ says:
If the cypherpunk movement is to be an effective non-violent force, it
must realize that secrecy is no help.  The best designed action will
work even if your enemy helps you plan it and carry it out.  Karn's CJR
is an example of this.
I couldn't disagree more.
While secrecy may be difficult, it is HARDLY of no help.
In many ways the discussions on cypherpunks frame the issues months
in advance of the media, the executive and the policy arms.
People come to cypherpunks with new ideas, code and structures.
People in cypherpunks forward budding advances in centralism and technology both pro and anti - privacy and crypto.
In short, cypherpunks is ahead of the game in many respects. Would be a prime source of more than SigInt, but also of HumInt.
Its nice when the enemy can't do anything about your work, but it's also rare.  The more likely is that the enemy is doing IT'S WORK secretly.  Or at least quietly and with politically timed releases.
The best directed action will work even if your enemy helps you plan it and carry it out without even knowing they did.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-28 12:18:50
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: AT&T, Clipper, & Saudi Arabia 
In general I dislike the amount of hands on management in this See below.
Dear AT&T:
If you'll roll over for us on Clipper, we will suitably incentivize you.
I suppose most of us would consider a $4B contract a "suitable
incentive." While there's probably no direct evidence of a quid pro
quo, it strikes me as a bit odd that the President is personally
intervening in a purely commercial deal.
It's not odd while the commercial deal impacts domestic, or foreign policy programs, and while Clinton can appropriate agencies for his personal PR programs.  If you look at the trend of Clinton leadership back to Little Rock, you can see a trend of misuse, or appropriation of officials for his personal or program use.  Be it a law firm, or the NSA or AT&T it doesn't seem that this is anything new.
It is, however, disturbing.
Look at the goals of the administration with respect to technology.
1>  Restrict strong crypto
2>  Empower law enforcement with high technology.
3>  Regulate the "information superhighway"
The stepping stones to get to these points have included:
A>  Restricting export of strong crypto.
B>  Restricting or encouraging weak crypto Domestically (Clipper)
C>  Weaken the will of large telecommunications entities to resist with D>  Make compliance so difficult that it's easier to yield the torch to a Now consider the methods:
1>  Active frustration of the market.  (Bought up AT&T's non clipper 2>  The use of NSA, the creation of NIST to promote domestic policy and 3>  The use and empowerment of the FBI at the expense of the CIA under the
The methodology is dangerous.
If the President can not only use the law enforcement and intelligence
agencies to further goals only remotely connected to law enforcement and
intelligence, and tie the hands of private corporations before pushing them
off the plank, what happens when the goals get even more centralist?
At this point it hardly matters that the United States is a "capitalist private sector economy" because the President can interfere when and where he likes in the private sector with relative ease.  How did he get here?  50 Years of accretion of power by the State.
Will the day come when AT&T, which backbones the majority of communication,
including borrowing books from thousands of miles away and sending faxes from
the beach, is merely a tool for domestic policy?  Hell, it's a tool for domestic policy today.  What happens when the PRIVATE largess of phone service (which by then will be much more important than it is today) is interrupted because you haven't paid that traffic ticket?  Impossible?  States are already taking driver's licenses away for reasons not remotely associated with driving or owning a car.  (See that old Wired, can't remember which issue).  Is the use of private companies with heavy reliance on government as tools that far off?
In 1952 Justice Jackson commented,  "The tools belong to the man who can use them."  The quote from Napoleon was a cold reference to the inability of the court to empower the Congress unless the Congress would take hold of the reigns, or in his words, "We may say that the power to legislate for emergencies belongs in the hands of Congress, but only if Congress itself can prevent power from slipping through its fingers."
_Youngstown Sheet & Tube Co. v. Sawyer_, 343 U.S. 579 (1952) (Jackson, J.).
That was in 1952.  The underlying suggestion was that a more powerful President, a President who held the Congress in his hands and dazzled the people with charisma might well wield tools that were outside the conception of the day. [It explains much to say that Truman was in Office] Jackson was wrong.
Today we have a President whose every move is questioned.  Who is embattled in controversy and conspiracy theories.  Who is seen as a proponent of big government and branded a "one termer."  A President who cannot grab hold, cannot quite steady himself in the rocking boat, cannot find a safe haven from the press, the people or the legislature, even in his own party.  Still, here is a President who wields the tools of private industry and agencies because he can use them.  I ask, what will a loved President accomplish with the same tools?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-28 12:24:17
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Directory of 'punks 
Keep in mind, anyone can 'who' the list from majordomo and get a list of
who is subscribed.  You face the assumption that you are a pencil-necked
geek who was too busy doing your trig to attend Woodstock.
____        Robert A. Hayden          <=> hayden
\  /__          -=-=-=-=-             <=>          -=-=-=-=-
 \/  /   Finger for Geek Code Info    <=> Political Correctness is
   \/  Finger for PGP 2.3a Public Key <=> P.C. for "Thought Police"
(GEEK CODE 1.0.1)  GAT d- -p+(---) c++(++++) l++ u++ e+/* m++(*)@ s-/++
                       n-(---) h+(*) f+ g+ w++ t++ r++ y+(*)
Annonymous posting gets more and more interesting.

@_date: 1994-04-28 20:28:58
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
The hinge question is what I, or you, mean by "concepts of law."
In the first post, a cypherpunk was dismissing the importance of the constitution as valueless to his quest, because current law meant nothing to him and was an authority he did not respect.  (I'm extracting from memory, if the poster would care to comment...?)  My point was that one should never dismiss the constitution, and that the framers had some heads between them.  The concepts of law I refer to are the original frameworks embodied in the constitution.  In reality I have a great deal of respect for the concepts and the notions and the genius I see in the document that is the Constitution of the United States.  Just the process, the intellectual endeavor of that, of developing a stable structure
restraining the various powers from dominating still gives me chills.
Call me a fanatic.
The question of its application to current events is another matter. Was the separation of power just to keep the infighting to a low level, or was it to keep any one power from growing too large?
Therein lies the answer you seek.
If the current structure of government is proper true to the constitution, and more importantly the goal of a stable government with co-equal branches, then respecting those "concepts of law" is to embrace centralism, regulation of markets, export restrictions and an ever growing executive branch.
If the current structure of government is improper, and goes beyond the bounds of power the framers intended, then respecting those "concepts of law" is to reject the current state of affairs.
It all depends on the ground you start from, I start from the latter, and not the former.  In my framework, I feel it is consistent to embrace the constitution and its doctrine while still resisting regulation.
You'll note my quote in the first post:
"In so far as the law is a matter of perspective, I think everyone should
try to embrace the concepts of the law, and in particular, the constitution."
Perspective is key.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-28 20:58:32
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: spooks on cypherpunks 
Confront them with annihilation,
and they will then survive;
plunge them into a deadly situation,
and they will then live.
When people fall into danger,
they are then able to strive for victory.
Crypto defies fascism when it is widespread and solid in the citizenry.
If enslavement is the ability to stifle speech, crypto is the liberator.
I think the dismissal of the NSA is premature.
I think the rumors of the NSA's death are greatly exaggerated.
I think the focus on the NSA in this group over looks more dangerous threats.
Crypto helps, but it's not the end all.
Why ask for trouble on the assumption that the intelligence agencies are fighting a losing battle?  Especially when the assumption is dubious.  Digitel and Clipper could turn the tide very quickly.
Perhaps a more public NSA and FBI could be more dangerous to liberty than hidden ones?  It's certainly much easier to apply influence in public than in secret and behind the scenes.
I'm not sure how much the NSA needs to adapt here.  I'm not sure those who would resist centralism and regulation WANT the NSA to adapt.  Considering the way in which AT&T fell into line I wonder how poorly the NSA, and the administration, are doing.
If anyone doubts that the administration and more importantly, the Congress, still finds use for intelligence agencies try to get a copy of today's M&L news hour.  (4/28/94)
Foreknowledge cannot be gotten from ghosts and spirits,
cannot be had by analogy,
cannot be found out by calculation.
It must be obtained from people,
people who know the conditions of the enemy.

@_date: 1994-04-29 17:30:31
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
[Lack of representation makes Constitution an invalid contract]
This is part of the reason I reject the contention that the Constitution is a contract among peoples.  As far as contract law goes, this makes every Constitution invalid and a pointless exercise if you adopt this theory.  Under this model all constitutions, indeed all governments would have to be passed unanimously by a national vote.  Those constitutions that do not bear the signatures of all the citizens are either not valid or not binding to those citizens.  How can this be rationalized in context?  Are we to adopt all the elements of contract law to constitutions?  Are we to apply the doctrines of inability to contact to constitutional protections?  This would require us to deny constitutional protections to minors, and infants.  What about the mentally infirm?  Women in the 17-1800's?  Will we apply doctrines of efficient breach?  Commercial impracticability? (No government would exist!)  Promissory estoppel?  Can 3rd party beneficiaries sue for losses?  Clearly an attack on a constitution on these grounds has no bearing in practical application, or explanation.
Even in 1869, the heyday of Victorian Legal Thought, where one could not be held liable except by an act of self volition, the idea of strict
contract law being applied to social duty, or limitations on power, and thus Spooner's theory, was rejected.  This in an era where debts were non-assignable because it was looked upon as pushing the parties into an
agreement they never contemplated or consented to.  Yet, Victorian Freedom of Contract at its height still rejected the "constitution as contract" theory.
The federal government rules by the sword, but proports to due so under
the Constitution.  The continued acceptance of the process, the
participation in elections, the oath that high officials take, the
amendment process, the continued existence of the three branches of
government, all lend themselves to the assumption that if not accepted, the Constitution is at least tolerated by the populous and the rulers.
Consider the Supreme Court of the United States.  The Court has no police, no army, no command authority, no enforcement branch what so ever.  (Forgetting the Supreme Court Police who guard the building)
What then keeps the other branches from disobeying the rulings of the Court? Nothing but respect for the structure of government.  This in itself is impressive for a structure established by a document with "no authority."  If there is a historical precedent for such an institution, an institution of unelected officials who pass down at times massively unpopular decisions that are none the less followed without the slightest force to back them, I am unaware of it.  How can one deny the genius of this structure?  (Even if the current trend of decisions is questionable).
The United States does not claim its authority to be rooted in divine grant, nor in pure power over the people, nor in a quest for utopia, but in consent of the people.  In so far as the United States remains a
representative democracy, it looks to the Constitution for its rules.
The Constitution is not a contract at all, but a grant of authority.  A deed with covenants of sorts.  You may rule provided you follow these
rules, and if you don't, the people reserve the right to overthrow you.
Spooner's position represents a tact that was fashionable in the day, that being the dismissal of sovereign authority on many grounds and using disciplines from economics to philosophy to science.  What Spooner's theories lack is timeliness.  They are, in fact, really
just reiterations of the anti-federalist position in the late 1700's.  These included objections to the notion of a constitution because of its betrayal of the concepts that the revolution was fought for.  The anti-federalist position relied heavily on the objectionable nature of removing people from the political process and the lack of individual control.  See generally, H. Storing, What the Antifederalists Were For (1981).  This line of argument is quite old and tired by 1869, and really represents a throwback.
One must remember that power was surrendered to the federal government by the people and the states conditioned upon limits.
Power was not, in the reverse, granted to the people and signed for in It is such that I reject the following assumption:
Instead I feel the Constitution should be looked at as a grant of power.
The argument that such grant should expire after the grantors do seems to rely upon the notion that the grant was some sort of limited term leasehold on power.  "You may rule for one generation" in effect.  To my view, this is silly.  Instead it is a conditional grant of power providing in part that:
All legislative Powers herein granted SHALL be vested in a Congress of the United States....  Art I sec.1 [1]
No Person SHALL be a Representative who shall not have attained to the Age of twenty five Years....  Art I sec.2 [2]
The Executive power SHALL be vested in a President of the United States of America....  Art II sec.1 [1]
My emphasis.
See also, U.S. CONST. Amend. X.
Insofar as these conditions are met, government authority is legitimate by the terms it was granted.
Or as I said before:
The government rules by the bayonet only because it was given the bayonet by the states and the people.  The problem of preventing tyranny is in the structure established with the grant, and it is here that the need for embracing the concepts of "law" within the constitution is important.  Questioning the previous generations for their audacity in waiving your "rights" to anarchy is on the same order as questioning the audacity of those who set down the doctrine of Freedom of Contract.  The hand of the dead does influence the exercise of power.
Mr. Sandfort is correct in my view.  There is no "magic" in the Constitution.  It is a guidebook, and no more; but what a guidebook it is.  It contains within a concept of government structure that has endured and maintained relative stability and freedom from tyranny for quite a while now.  The Constitution of the United States does not say, "Follow me because I am law", but rather "This is the recipe for a stable check against tyranny."
If the federal government mixes the recipe with too much power, the checks against tyranny established by the Constitution threaten to topple.  It is this that worries me.  It is this that worried the framers.  Should we dismiss their genius because it is old?  Because it did not bear the unanimous mandate of the people?
                                ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
A Victorian after my own heart.  I think we disagree, if we differ at all, in the application of this theory to grants of authority.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-29 17:35:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Cypherpunks as lobbying/propagandizing group 
Jim Sewell says:
  My intent is not to form a group to go lobby congress or anything of
  that nature.  My idea was to create a list of "credentials" for the
  group as a whole so that when active folks do go to the press or to
  meetings between CPSR & the NSA then they can have in their hands a
  bit of "proof" that we aren't the computer-student-woodstock-wannabes
  the NSA et al. say we are.
I don't want the NSA to know what or who I am.
I want them to think we're a bunch of politically isolated geeks.
If they keep saying so, the political opposition to whatever they are
trying to defend on the grounds that the opponents are geeks will
only support us and discredit the NSA in general.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-30 01:14:31
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
Are you being sarcastic here or...?
You seem to think I look upon the above description with fondness and adoration.  I do not.
Which deceitful attitude, mine or the federal government's?
I think that's difficult to do and still live in the United States, or most nations.
Regardless of how persuasive I find the argument, you do probably benefit from the police, fire, emergency rescue, and national defense services provided by the government.  You also probably benefit from what deterence the civil litigation and criminal processes affords those who would do you ill.
While I don't find this justifies the abridgement of the constitution, I do think it stifles the argument that one is not willfully participating or partaking of soceital benefit.
I think your position is basically "I didn't sign the Constitution, so the government has no power over me."  I don't really see a rationale for this position, only the position itself.  The clause "but in consent of the people" is a collective form of "the people."  I wish it needn't be, but it is none-the-less.
Again, I don't know where to go with this.  You give me a position, and use it to support your position.
I will say that if I believed a soceity could exist without some minority oppression I would reject all regulation.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-30 01:32:27
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
This seems to me like the Jeffersonian notion that the Constitution should be amended in every generation.  Letter to Samuel Kercheval, July 12 1816, The Portable Thomas Jefferson 557-558 (M. Peterson ed. 1975).
I think this is perhaps excessive, and if you consider the effect of short
term politics, one could well find his or her own generation is the one which
does away with the 4th and 5th amendments because of a "Crime Crisis."
If your suggestion is more along the lines of a more reasoned and enduring amendment process with some respect for the concepts of old and more importantly an attempt to adapt the spirit of the document to the reality of the day, I concur wholeheartedly.
And as such the federal government runs beyond the bounds of the document's "spirit."
It seems in many ways Mr. Henry was correct.
I think it is a question of apathy however.  The accretion of power and the expansion of the federal government is to my thinking a function of "...the generative force of unchecked disregard of the restrictions that fence
in even the most disinterested assertion of authority...."  _Youngstown Sheet
& Tube Co. v. Sawyer_, 343 U.S. 579 (1952).  (Frankfurter, J., concurring).
I don't think the United States has gone over the edge quite yet, or I wouldn't be here.  What disturbs me most, especially in light of Mr. Henry's quote that Mr. Weber brings to our attention, is that the citizenry do not seem interested in any form of resistance.  Funny how it is hard to say that and not sound like a subversive isn't it?  Regardless, the political machine in the United States is incredibly
responsive to REAL public pressure.  The intergovernmental respect for the
Supreme Court is to me a demonstration that all is not lost.  I don't believe
that all the power in the citizens has been stripped, but it is being slowly
bled dry.  Mr. May has indicated many times that in his opinion a vicious coup and a dictatorship will not spring up overnight, but rather might come about through a slow disregard for the protections that reign in power.
I must agree.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-30 01:37:14
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
Mr. Weber comments:
Coercion is a tricky concept.  See below.
No argument here.
Consider this example, of which I am fond.
A state, call it Indinois, employs a program in prisons.  A given robbery convict is consistently sentenced to 5 years.
After 2, the robber is given the option of taking an experimental vaccine in exchange for the waiver of her remaining sentence.
Indinois sentences robbers to 2 years, but towards the end of the sentence the warden gives the robber a choice.  Either take the vaccine or get 3 years slapped on the sentence.
Why?  The robber is no better or worse off.  Is it merely the idea that the robber was "tricked" in the second example that makes coercion?  Or are both coercion?
I begin to shy away of calling all regulation coercive for this reason.  It gets to the point where incentive and coercion are indistinguishable.  The function of government becomes impossible.  The slippery slope to complete anarchy (one which I prefer not to follow ALL the way down) lies in this direction.
I find interference in the market offensive in general.  I accept regulation only in the instance that a market failure has occurred, and then grudgingly.  Large number problems, gaps in the availability of information, holdout problems or too few participants in the market are about the only situations that warrant regulation in my mind.  For a detailed examination of permissible market regulation with which I agree see Stewart, Krier & Manell, _Environmental Law and Policy_ (3d ed.).
The Supreme Court draws the line today such:
Most regulation today takes the form of conditional grants of funds to states under the federal spending power.  This is how the national minimum drinking age and the national speed limits are enforced at the federal level.  Provided the "strings" attached to the grant are "related to the federal interest in [the] particular national project[] or program[]" the grant seeks to promote, they are constitutional.  _South Dakota v. Dole_, 483 U.S. 203 (1987).
I tend to find these sorts of incentives acceptable provided the grant of funds is not craftily calculated to make functioning competitively impossible, which today they often are.  Clipper is a prime example.  It's not intended merely to incentivize makers to accept Clipper, but to drive other systems out of the market.  To me this is offensive regulation.  Were all systems equal, no export regulations, no threat of removal, a government subsidized production of the system the federal government would have employed is, when properly legislated (another question entirely), legitimate "regulation" in my view when the intent is not to throttle the life out of the offending market participants.  I might add that I don't think the crypto market needs regulation because I don't feel there is a market failure.  Instead the government is trying to assert that an externality (one of national security) exists which makes regulation a necessity.  I treat this topic and questions of coercion through threat of withdrawal of government largess in more detail in the legal note I posted to the list some months ago.  Anyone interested in my ramblings who missed the posting is free to mail and ask for a copy.
The constitutional requirement and the need for some coherent policy to be attached to grants explains why the Clipper and Digitel projects are hefted under the umbrella of the crime crisis.  It allows huge federal grants (bigger now that the crime bill is law) to be "stringed" and these projects (Clipper etc.) to be "voluntarily encouraged" by the threat of withdrawal of government largess.  (In this instance the crime bill grants).
In the words of Judge Stone, "...threat of loss and not hope of gain is the essence of economic coercion."  _United States v. Butler_, 297 U.S. 1 (1936).  Unfortunately this is often taken to mean that as long as you frame the regulation as a conditional grant, it is constitutional.  In practice this is silly.  Any regulation can be drawn either way.  The core question should revolve around the definition of "threat of loss."  What are the basic entitlements that apply?  What assumptions are made about what a given person/corporation is entitled to and what is the baseline of entitlement that lies beyond the reach of the federal government?  In my view this line lies close to the right to a free market, and one free of government monopoly.
For a detailed analysis of coercion See, Nozick, Coercion, in Philosophy, Science and Method (S. Morgenbesser ed. 1969); Zimmerman, Coercive Wage Offers, 10 Phil. & Pub. Aff. 121 (1981).
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-04-30 01:49:32
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
The constitutional requirement and the need for some coherent policy to
be attached to grants explains why the Clipper and Digitel projects are
hefted under the umbrella of the crime crisis.  It allows huge federal
grants (bigger now that the crime bill is law) to be "stringed" and
these projects (Clipper etc.) to be "voluntarily encouraged" by the
threat of withdrawal of government largess.  (In this instance the crime
bill grants).
I should mention that the crime bill is still in joint commitee and not
yet "law."
At least I think that's the case.
It's to early to check.

@_date: 1994-04-30 23:00:13
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
actually, it is just a piece of paper.  Burn the paper it's all gone.
4!/4! +-0
Bye all
It's too bad despondancy has sunk to this, your, level.

@_date: 1994-05-01 05:50:53
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
[Comments on the danger of short term politics in this context.]
Mr. Weber replies:
This almost sounds like you are calling for liberation from the Constitution of the United States.  In this regard your position closely resembles the anti-federalist doctrines.  Although it is a position with which I cannot agree, I do respect it as one with much scholarly support.
I think it's difficult to accomplish what you propose.  This seems to me to amount to calling for the status of sovereignty to apply to every individual.  A system of individual sovereignty strikes me as unworkable, and again a slippery slope to complete lawlessness.  I'd like to head that way, just not ALL the way there.
I guess I'm not sure what the solution here is other than to grant citizenship on the basis that it is granted today.  Jus Soli or Jus Sangre.  How a legal infant can decide the state of citizenship for him or herself is a difficult proposition.  At the age of majority there exist a great number of options and several nations which grant citizenship on basic requirements.  In addition one can always become stateless.  Any social organization will be coercive by the standards you have set down as I understand them.  Protections for the collective always intrude on the individual.  I am not prepared to defend the position of absolute individuality as a natural right.
I agree.  However, the problem with the rather nebulous and elusive "spirit" of the ideas in the Constitution is that committing them to the
social memory almost insures their erasure in a number of generations less than the number of fingers on the hand of an expert woodshop vet.  In addition, the short term politics I mentioned before cause a problem.  There are certain concepts that are expressed in the language of the Constitution that I think are timeless.  These include but are not limited to:  The right to bear arms.  The right against self incrimination.
Applying these to the current era is the task, not modifying their basic I agree in theory.  In practice I must dissent.  I still maintain that social organizations demand some degree of sacrifice.  Provided the borders are not closed to those who wish to leave, and there is a "market" of sovereigns to choose from, I don't find the power of a sovereign in itself offensive.  What I feel is the obligation of the sovereign is to limit the level of corruption of the individual by forebearing from unneeded exertions of authority.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-01 05:51:35
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA & FBI, a marriage made in ___? 
[Mr. Weber draws the distinction between regulation and interference.]
I agree with your assessment of the basic effect of incentives and regulation.  I would still hold by the position that such regulation and incentives are at times required.  Even the basic individual right to private property is really no more than an entitlement to the use of civil and criminal processes.  Where the line of "sporting" (a descriptive I particularly enjoy) lies beyond this point could, and has, filled volumes.
In my view, government responsibility is to provide criminal and civil
process to protect the freedom to contract and the freedom from tortious
or criminal conduct, and to correct (occasional) market failures by the
lease intrusive method available.  See Stewart & Krier.  In addition
there are basic infrastructure and defensive needs which government
should provide.  Some government is necessary, too much is lethal to the free will and functionality of the marketplace.
This is largely, however, off the topic.  What is important, and a point
on which I think we agree, is that the regulation of strong crypto, or in
your definition, the interference in the marketplace, is unacceptable,
unneeded and nothing more than a calculated attempt to maintain the
status quo of usurpation of individual rights in favor of federal power
and influence.  Even the national security externality falls when one
considers the uselessness of export regulation in the age of digital Yes, key is the baseline at which you start.  What are citizens entitled
to without interference or regulation?
Your hand-out analogy is accurate provided it takes into account the size and scope of largess.  See below.
Consider, however, the size and scope of government largess today.
The New York City Taxi Medallion is worth several tens of thousands of
times its weight in gold.  Driver's licenses are revocable for reasons not remotely connected with driving or owning a car.  Professional licenses.  Your passport.
The spending power remains the most influential tool in the federal In the battle of wills between the state and the individual when
government largess are the stakes, the individual almost always loses.
The prison setting is academic to the basic point, coercion is tricky to put a finger on.

@_date: 1994-05-01 13:31:20
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
I've often felt that the solution to this problem is that citizenship
should not be given by birth. Everyone, whether born in the US or abroad,
should have to go through roughly the present process to be granted
citizenship. I'm explicitly including required study of US history and
taking an oath to support the Constitution.
    ++PLS
So what protections does a minor have before he or she passes the "test"?
Will a passport be issued to a non-citizen?

@_date: 1994-05-01 16:25:09
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: PC-Expo 
Please, please try to include Macintosh software.
I think often, through no fault of vigilant authors, the macintosh users
get the short end of the stick in code.
Consider including versions of Curve Encrypt, and MacPGP2.3.
I don't want to speak for the authors as for distrubution questions.
Contact Curve Software at :  kinney
Curve's key:
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Speaking of macintosh software: Any word on...
1>  StealthPGP for the mac?
2>  More secure stego for the mac?
3>  SecureDevice for the mac?
4>  The source code for MacPGP2.3 v1.1?
5>  PGPtools for the mac?
6>  Cryptographer's Workbench for the mac?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-01 16:38:27
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
[Mr. Schauble argues that citizenship should not be assigned at birth.]
To which I ask:  I'm not sure I agree with you.  Many resident aliens have problems not directly associated with protections of citizens, but the stigma of being "merely" a "Resident alien."
This aside, there are significant shortfalls in protections to aliens in Except that in your example, one could be a "probationary citizen" until he or she passed the test.  Perhaps for the illiterate this means mandatory accompanied travel for life.  Other examples spring quickly to mind.  Consider how the green card stigma affects an individual.
How many shots at the test does one get?  What happens if the limit is reached?  Deportment?
I can't help but feel that this only grants the state a new tool to deny substantive rights to whoever it feels like it wants to burden.
Basing citizenship on any form of subjective test (which any history test will be) is problematic at best.
It's not that I disagree with the concept that citizenship should be earned per se, only that it should be earned by exam.
In deference to Perry, followups to e-mail.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-01 18:54:56
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: ID List, Tacky Tokens Fail. 
Below is the very preliminary list of state driver's license high tech methods information I have collected so far.
Thanks to all who contributed.
Note that "credit card" type driver's licenses are hard plastic cards without clear lamination.  This typically indicates a higher tech Notes, suggestion, updates, and corrections are very welcome.
I'll note that no one seemed interested in paying tacky tokens for the Alberta, Canada:
As of:..?
Magnetic Strip?	N?
Digitized Photo?  N?
Bar Code?		N?
Issued:  ?
Other:  Two sheets, data and photo.  Signature on license.
British Columbia:
As of:  ?
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N?
Issued:  ?
Other:  Normal lamination embossed with seal.
As of: 92, 94?
Magnetic Strip?  Y  150% usual width.
Digitized Photo?  Y
Bar Code?  N
Issued:  Mail
Other:  Hologram of state seal  Credit card type.  Valid 4 years.  Digitized thumbprint?  Signature on license.
As of:  ?
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N  (But copy exists at DMV?)
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  ?
Other:  ?
As of:  Summer 93
Magnetic Strip?	No
Digitized Photo?	No
Bar Code?		No
Issued:  On the spot.
Other:  Expires in year 2000. (7 years?)  Normal lamination.
As of:  Fall 93
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?  Maybe
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  By mail
Other:  As of:  ?
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	Y?
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  ?
Other:  Printed with, "what looks like a 180 dpi printer."
As of:  1992
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  On the spot.
Other:  Signature on license.  No SSN   SSN required.
As of:  Winter 91
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  ?
Other:  Valid 5 years?  Laminated with state name.
As of:  Spring 89
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?  N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  On the spot.
Other:  Normal lamination.
As of:  Early 93
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  On the spot (1992)
Other:  SSN default, but optional.  Normal lamination with state seal.  Signature on license.  As of:  92
Magnetic Strip?	N (Proposed)
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  ?
Other:  Normal lamination embossed with state seal.
As of:  Spring 93
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?  N  But copy kept.
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  Mailed
Other:  Normal laminate.  Color change on contact with air?  Poor security at the office.
As of:  Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  Other:  Credit card type.  SSN not on license.
As of:  Winter 93
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?  N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  ?
Other:  Mailed.
New Hampshire:
As of:  ?
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  ?
Other:  "Basically a sick joke."
New Jersey:
As of:  Old.
Magnetic Strip?	?
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		?
Issued:  By mail or on the spot?
Other:  SSN required, but not on license.  Renewable by mail.  Ugly New York:
As of:  ?
Magnetic Strip?	Y
Digitized Photo?	Y
Bar Code?		Y
Issued:  ?
Other:  ?
As of:  Winter 91
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?  N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  On the spot
As of:  92
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  On the spot.
Other:  As of:  Fall 91
Magnetic Strip?	No
Digitized Photo?	No?
Bar Code?		No?
Issued:  On the spot.
Other:  Valid 4 years.  Normal laminate.  No SSN.
As of:  ?
Magnetic Strip?	N?
Digitized Photo?	Y?
Bar Code?		N?
Issued:  ?
Other:  Credit card type.  Hologram.
As of:  Spring 89
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?  N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  On the spot.
Other:  As of:  91
Magnetic Strip?	No
Digitized Photo?	No
Bar Code?		No
Issued:  Mail (1988)  On the spot (?)
Other:  Normal lamination embossed with state seal.  No SSN.  Valid 4 years.  Signature on license.
As of:  93
Magnetic Strip?	N
Digitized Photo?	N
Bar Code?		N
Issued:  By mail
Other:  Credit card type.  Photo is optional?
As of:  ?
Magnetic Strip?	No?
Digitized Photo?	No
Bar Code?		No
Issued:  ?
Other:  SSN is DL   Normal lamination with seal.
- -uni- (Dark)
Later editions should be less sloppy.

@_date: 1994-05-01 23:52:34
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Constitution and Contract [Was: CIA & FBI] 
Assuming that strong cryptography is going to destroy all world borders in either of our lifetimes is a stretch.  Strong crypto is a powerful tool to entitle the individual to resist state will, not a force that will cause by itself the dissolution of the nation-state system.  Even assuming that there are no tariffs, no transaction costs, the human elements of religion, race and belief, among other factors will always enforce borders by themselves.  Strong crypto does nothing to stop this, it merely evens the odds in the Individual v. State game of intelligence
Your question hinges on the erroneous assumptions that:
1> Passports are per se a requirement to travel.
2> Cryptography can destroy the institutions to which you refer.
1> Passports as a per se requirement for travel:
They are not today, and were less so in the past.  A passport at the core is merely a request to treat the bearer as a citizen of the issuing country.  Such is even reflected in the anachronistic language on most passports today.  The United States example is below:
It was in the McCarthy period that the passport began to be used as a weapon.  The upshot was that as a requirement to travel it was a discretionary limitation on the right to travel.  The passport was finally afforded procedural due process protection in 1958, after 7 years of use as a blow to political dissenters.  _Kent v. Dulles_, 357 U.S. 116 (1958).  By this time, however, airline requirements and discretionary issuance were so ingrained as to make passports a prime candidate to regulate a person or keep track of travel.  These issues are discussed in detail in Comment, Passport Refusal for Political Reasons: Constitutional Issues and Judicial Review, 61 Yale L.J. 171 (1952), and were partly the inspiration for Reich's New Property Note in YLJ on which I have written extensively before.  Reich, The New Property 73 Yale L.J. 773 (1964).
What affects this change is the increasingly widening category of government largess where the individual finds that liberty is threatened by the control of organized society. I liken the change to the social security number.  It was not (on the surface) intended for identification, it just became a primary identification tool because it was so fitted for that role.  (Each person only had one, almost everyone has one).
It is the oppressive uses of passports, and not passports that are the source of the evil you seek to eliminate.
Cryptography helps dissenters remain anonymous, and helps you if you want to fund projects without being watched or tracked.  It does not destroy state regulation, eliminate oppression or present some cure-all.
2> Cryptography will eliminate the institutions that you seem offended I find it hard to envision how cryptography will eliminate passports.  In fact I think public key cryptography strengthens the ability of the state  to regulate in some ways, especially in terms of citizenship and immigration.  It's pretty hard to forge a smart card passport that uses a signature from the State Department as an authenticator.  This is especially true if it contains a digitized photo that is also signed.
The promise of strong cryptography was never that it would topple governments and destroy borders, only that it would even the playing field in issues of privacy where the individual is at a distinct disadvantage.  Cryptography is not used merely by the "good guys" any more than atomic power is.
The source of the problem is in how states will seek to regulate and influence the citizens.  This will continue to be a problem with or without strong cryptography, and incidentally, with or without Additionally, I'm not sure citizenship is necessarily "bad."  What is disadvantageous about citizenship is merely which legal sphere of influence it places you in, and how oppressive said sphere is.  It's not in itself evil for a state to keep track of immigration or who is given government benefits, only the systematic logging, sorting, and utilization of this information that is disturbing.  Were citizenship authentication checked blindly at the border via zero knowledge proofs (that is the correct term yes?) would the potential for privacy concerns be somewhat reduced?  Sure.  Will it end oppression?  Of course not.
And if cryptography really will topple nations?
The right to exclude would merely fall to private hands and corporate type interests in the place of governmental influence were the borders destroyed.  Largess can take on ominous dimensions be it under private or pubic monopoly.  Look at DeBeers.  The diamond "markets" under DeBeers and the Oppenheimer family are great evidence that a system of private exclusion to territory and largess would be in many ways much more vicious and discriminatory than a public one.
What's the difference if your passport is enforced by a state or a private conglomerate empowered with cryptography? Focus on cause, not tools or effect.
- -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-02 12:45:48
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Detweiler 
Frederic Halper says:
He wasn't. He did do some testing.
Interesting, but not about politics.

@_date: 1994-05-02 12:47:33
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: So, what are we going to do? 
"Jim Sewell" says:
There were no disk drives in WWII. There were barely computers. Hell,
there was barely magnetic audio storage -- on steel wire!
Stunning, but not about politics or cryptography.

@_date: 1994-05-02 23:50:42
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Digital Cash 
So has anyone tried to solve the problem of double spending and
the online requirement of digital cash?
It seems digitial cash is really only digital "check" right now as
it must be verified at the bank before it can be show to be "valid."
Is there any way to take cash offline?  Or is this merely the copy
protection problem rehashed?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-04 12:58:36
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Valid MacPGP?? 
And I am trying to distribute MACPGP copies (on DOS disks).  What is the
best version of MACPGP to hand out.  (Give me the full MAC name.)
Mr. Hawk:
Which version do you have?
Mr. Frissell:
The most recent version is MacPGP2.3.hqx.cpt
Do NOT distribute MacPGP2.3 V1.1 as the source code is not "out there."
I will be happy to send you a copy if you like.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-04 22:19:28
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Keyserver service outRAGE 
This is silly.
Why a server would want to use licensed code is understandable.
Why a server would try to restrict keys generated by versions other
than 2.4 & the mysterious 2.5 is moronic.
I will not use this server regardless of which version I have and use,
and I urge others to resist the use of this server as well.
This policy only serves to create suspicion and drain confidence in
versions of PGP over 2.3a.
I ask the following questions:
Will source code be available for PGP2.5?
Who was responsible for the modifications that make PGP2.5, version 2.5?
and on the topic of PGP security generally:
Why is MacPGP2.3 not signed?
Why is MacPGP2.3 v1.1 not accompanied by a source code?
When is the new version of PGP by Phil Z. going to be released?  Or is
2.5 it?
Can we expect similar tactics from the future versions of PGP?
Perhaps some tag bits somewhere in messages to identify versions
more quietly?
I ask the operators of the remaining servers to remove the MIT server
from their automatic mirror update list and to avoid a policy of excluding
keys generated by any "non-conforming" software in their own operations.
I ask users of PGP not to add future keys to the offending server.
I call on cypherpunks to estlablish less formal key servers and develop more stealthy and secure methods of key distribution.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-04 23:17:41
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Anonymous phone calls. 
Is there any way to make a phone call anonymously?  Caller ID can be
blocked somewhat with one of those * numbers dialed before the call
is made.  Is there a way to route a call through a series of phone-type
remailer systems?  This would allow one to make a call that would be as
hard to trace as anonymous mail.
    Any ideas?
                                            <         G.C.G.
- There's a 1-900 number that is supposed to do this.
Which I could remember what it was.

@_date: 1994-05-04 23:44:49
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Advertisement 
The first program is included below, conventionally encrypted
with PGP. For a total of just 12 [TWELVE] Tacky Tokens I'll release the
password. Please send your COIN.DAT contributions by encrypting with the
PGP key below and posting to alt.test with the subject: IGNORE - NEON.
Is there a mac version?

@_date: 1994-05-05 00:08:49
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Server clusterfuck 
Sigh... You know, when things are on a delicate balance, a single
message sent too soon can really screw things up.
I can tell you for certain that your questions *will* be answered in
due time, please wait for the final arrangements to be made.  No, PGP
2.5 is *NOT* available (this second).  Yes, there is one in the works,
and I expect it Real Soon Now.
Also, please do not condemn Bal or his keyserver for not accepting
keys from versions of PGP before 2.4 -- as I understand it, that was
part of the agreement in order to make 2.5 happen, but I really don't
know all the details.
Then this should have be stated in the "press release" message he sent.
As should have the details, what were available, of the PGP 2.5 release.
The fact that the limitations on the keyserver were imposed only makes
me wonder more.
I hope the code of 2.5 is looked at real carefully.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-05 00:25:52
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Server clusterfuck 
As I said, I do know that the limitation son the keyserver were part
of the bargain to get a legal non-infringing freeware version of
PGP...  Take that any way you want.  Onoce I see the code and can
peruse it, I will probably trust 2.5 as much as I have trusted other
versions of the code.
Trust me, it will be!
Fair enough Mr. Atkins.
And thanks!

@_date: 1994-05-05 15:00:28
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Keyserver service outRAGE 
Mr. Toal says:
Uni, hush now, shut up, and listen.  You've entirely missed the point here.
This is a major tactical strike for pgp.  We finally have an entirely
legal pgp, thanks to some excellent net.politics from the guys at MIT.
The restriction on what new keys they accept was part of the deal, but
stop and think what it really means - is it going to affect *anybody*?
And what's to stop you fetching 2.5 and loading/re-dumping your old
key from that version?
No, you've entirely missed the point here.
If the MIT brass is so adept at politics why has no one realized that
this change is not going to affect *anybody*.
Clearly the keys are either indistinguishable from version to version
other than the plaintext version number, or this policy will actually
accomplish something.
Why would those involved give up "so much" (At least they have been
fighting so hard for it) for what amounts to NOTHING?
If you're not suspicious....
In any case, I hope your right.  I hope PGP2.5 is a dream come true.
Problems remain.
Mac users are out in the cold.
In the final analysis the MIT server is trying to compell behavior for
no apparent reasons.
The fact that this was a requirement for some "DEAL" really makes me
wonder who in the administration was at the negotiating table and
I really hope they are on the other side of the table in the next
negotiation I have to do.
They are indeed as sly as you say, and it is YOU who does not understand
the true depth of the politics.
I hope the former, I wonder about the latter.

@_date: 1994-05-05 16:18:41
@_author: Matthew J Ghio 
@_subject: Re: Keyserver service outRAGE 
I don't see why RSA would waste their time trying to get one keyserver
to stop accepting keys from PGP 2.3a, when there are plenty of others
availiable. (And most people just put their keys in their finger/plan
files and don't bother to put them on the keyservers anyway.)  My first
guess would be that they wanted to create some incentive to use the
newer version of PGP.  But that's ridiculous - its legally licensed RSA
code is supposed to be the incentive to use it.  So playing games with
the keyserver is rather ridiculous.  However, RSA is well known for
irrational thought, such as complaining about PGP, but giving away RIPEM
for free.  So maybe this is just their twisted way of trying to gain
themselves (in their own minds) some publicity or credibility or
whatever.  However, I suspect RSA is doing this for legal/political
reasons too.  It's pretty hard for them to claim patent infringement
against anyone with all these people "infringing" on their patent by
using PGP, and them not doing anything about it.  If they can get people
to use RSAREF PGP, they don't set as strong a precedent for not
defending their patent.  It then might be easier for them to claim
patent infringement in other cases.  But that's just a guess.

@_date: 1994-05-05 23:41:58
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  Bunch of Clueless Idiots 
I see nobody mentioned the infringment of the second amendment by
the assault weapons ban.
[Dribble and CAPS deleted]
YOU PEOPLE
ARE FOOLS AND HAVE TO MUCH SELF IMPORTANCE IN YOUR SMALL LITTLE
HEADS, NOTHING EXISTS OF OF INTERNET! WRONG THE REAL WORLD DOES!!!
BY NOT DISTRIBUTING TO THE MASSES YOU WILL LOSE (oh you can ftp to
toilet.flush /urinal/cookies/). WHEN THEY TAKE YOUR PRESIOS CRYPTO
AWAY, THEY WILL TAKE AWAY YOUR FIRST AMMENDMENT RIGHTS. (and it
serves you right). FUCK IT NEVER MIND
I'll beat Perry to it.
Interesting, but not about crypto, or the politics of crypto.
Take it to alt.flame.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-06 01:37:38
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: The Value of Money (fwd) 
Oh you must be investing in the junk bond market. You know that
there is over $10,000,000,000 's in the US bond market. Oh, of
course you did. You are one of those Internet people that only
exists on the net. By the way what type of indicators could I use
on a global fund to maximize profit and reduce risk. You computer
hackers know everyting, do'nt you? Or do you just play with play
money?   :{)}
          * Spelling errors are intentional and international *
        Jim Nalbandian       netcomsv!lassie!jim%lassie
        Tempe, Arizona, USA                   N7SZS
No free man shall ever be de-barred the use of arms. The strongest
reason for the people to retain  there right to keep and bear arms
is as a last  resort to  protect  themselves  against  tyranny  in
government. <-------- Thomas Jefferson                            --
It's people like this that make me seriously rethink my anti-gun
regulation stance.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-06 15:17:29
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Anonymous, nobody, lefty and Jimbo 
Anonymous  replies:
[My deletions in X's]
I took it upon myself to poke around a bit and this is what I came up with:
The phone number and address are indeed belonging to one Jim Nalbandian in Tempe, AZ.  They are listed, published, and publicly available.  I guess the bottom line question is when is privacy the burden of the user?  Is it Mr. Nalbandian's obligation to take steps for privacy?  How much at fault can "nobody" be at for publishing information that Mr. Nalbandian could have shielded for pennies?  (If indeed it is the same Jim Nalbandian)  Mr. N's signature held his state and city of residence.  It is no great accomplishment for anyone to look up his published information.  Posting it to the net might have been "sleazy" in the eyes of some, but no worse than circumventing copyright laws with the "Information
Liberation Front."  In fact one could argue that "nobody"'s actions were above
this sort of criticism.  (I should note that I do not express any personal opinion on the ILF one way or the other).
Mr(s). Anonymous' actions are a separate matter.  Mr(s). Anonymous outed penet.fi accounts that were created with the express intent of shielding identity.  This to me is a more offensive issue.  Indeed Mr(s). Anonymous is (probably) correct when (s)he makes the point that the penet.fi remailer isn't very secure, but this point could have been made without the
ramifications of outing those who might not look on it too fondly.
I hope none of them are frequent alt.sexual.abuse.recovery users.  Mr(s).
Anonymous should probably consider exposing the method of compromise and the
specific compromise to the parties and ask them to come forward to the list to verify the security hole.  Taking it upon him(er)self to make that outing decision is more than obnoxious if it was done without consent.  Even positing the addresses that were compromised wouldn't have been bad if they were not associated with actual addresses.
In short Mr(s). Anonymous, if security was your goal, you didn't have to hurt
people to accomplish it.  Stands to reason that your motivations lie In short Lefty:  Privacy comes to those who seek it.  Crypto helps those who help themselves.  As for cowards, did you ever complain when anyone violated copyright law via an anonymous account?
In short nodody:  Be nice.  Call Mr. Nalbandian first next time, THEN out Mr. Nalbandian got exactly what privacy he paid for:  None.
"nobody" saved us all the $0.75 a long distance information call costs.
Multiply that in the aggregate and you have some nice money.
Mr(s). Anonymous may have burdened the community with a net social cost.
Damaged reputations from the outing, damaged repute for remailers that might be so abused.
I think it worth noting that Mr. Nalbandian hasn't posted since "nobody"'s
letter.  A considerable social gain in my view.  Perhaps Mr. Nalbandian will take an interest in privacy now, another considerable social gain.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-06 16:34:12
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous, nobody, lefty and Jimbo 
Parade of horrors.
Comparing this list to a bathroom stall wall is something of a short sell for
all those on the list.  If this woman had posted provocatively to the list
(Intellectually, not sexually you smart guys) with her name and city in the signature, I think perhaps you'd be closer.  Even that example strays far from the facts  If your question then only differs in gender from the
facts really at hand, then my answer is that there is no invasion of privacy.
I guess we do disagree.  You seem to want to assert Mr. Nalbandian's rights for him.  He made no effort to conceal his identity or phone number in any meaningful way.  Your version of privacy would forbid you from looking in the telephone directory to complain to the manager of Domino's pizza.
If he was harassed there is an appropriate remedy for that in Tort law.  File a harassment or stalking suit.  Don't try to shield it with some far reaching extension of privacy rights.
In fact it was Mr. Nalbandian who incited people (like "nobody") to harass him.  Case in point, the many harassing messages posted to the list.  Those were messages that scalded through the net and penetrated his very personal computer probably RIGHT IN HIS HOME!  I think there's an invasion of privacy here!
You never did answer my copyright coward question.
You do have to exercise your rights.  You have to comply with the regulations set out before you can assemble, or demonstrate.  You have to demonstrate or assemble to exercise those rights regardless of those regulations.  It's hard to claim your right of free speech has been violated
when you haven't tried to speak.  It's difficult to claim your right to assemble has been violated when you were at home all day.
Look to the Supreme Court for a sample of the necessity of exerting an expectation of privacy over a thing to have that right protected.
See e.g., _Florida v. Riley_, 488 U.S. 445 (1989); _California v. Greenwood_, 486 U.S. 108 (1988).
Even so I think there are things that are per se private regardless of any attempt to protect them.  Medical records for example.  Having this apply to published phone numbers is a little excessive.
Because the home is implicitly a personal realm.  Extending this argument to the phonebook is more than a little out of hand.
And most phone companies provide waivers for those who cannot afford to pay for non-published or unlisted phone numbers.  Are you alleging Mr. N is an indigent?  In any event this does not speak to the basic question as to what type of privacy right does one have to a published and listed phone number and address?
And the means in this case were hardly offensive.
You'll not find one more for privacy rights when they are manifested than me.  A person who seeks to participate in a semi-public forum bears to some degree the responsibility of keeping that information which he or she
would not like exposed protected.  Once there is the slightest effort to
protect that information, any attempt to extract it is a violation of privacy
in my view.  You'll find this basic theory of privacy rights follows the root concepts that make up privacy law in the United States.  But the U.S. law only goes so far.
I even go even farther.  So far as to insist there is a right of privacy in license plates because those are mandatory requirements for the operation of an automobile, among other things.  But to assert that one who signs his name to a baiting post has an expectation or a right of privacy to his name
and identity is silly.  Had Mr. Nalbandian only signed his first name, I would
be on your side.  As it is, I cannot see it your way.
I don't defend "nobody" because I feel he or she did something right.  I don't in fact defend "nobody" at all.  I only assert that Mr. Nalbandian has no reasonable expectation of privacy in his name and phone number when he all but hands them out.
I think we both agree that Mr(s). Anonymous way crossed the line with the penet.fi release however.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-07 00:38:09
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Reply to Phantom about Magic Money 
interface > > was still text-based, but they said it worked.
I have the mac version of the client.  What I'd like is a mac version of
the server.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-09 16:09:04
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: PGP 2.5 
I'm afraid I have to disagree.
I dislike the limiting of key length to 1024 bits and would encourage a fix to at least the 1200's range.
Unfortunately I don't know enough about RSAREF to know what this involves but it seems a step backwards to limit key length to this size especially with the recent advances in processing on the retail market (powerpc pentium etc.)  To me this makes 2.5 a real loser.
More and more 2.5 looks like a restriction on choice.
No keys over 1024 bits.
No use of servers for the older versions.
I don't use a 1200 bit key now, but I'd like the option.  Calling the limitation a mere backwards compatibility problem shortcuts the issue.  I wouldn't care less if I used a 1200 bit key or a 2048 bit key today and had to make a new one for the new version.  I would care if I used a 1200 or 2048 bit key today and had to make a 1024 bit one.
I don't want to be paranoid, but why the restriction?  Who does it serve?   Definitely not the user.  What modifications are possible?  What are the restrictions on modification to code in the licensing agreement?
Fine, how about satisfactory for serious users?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-10 12:31:49
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: DigiCash announcement correction 
An error was made in the UniBank/Phantom Exchange press release which
indicated that DigiFrancs were backed by a store of 16 oz Diet Coke cans.
There are of course no 16 oz cans, but rather 12 oz cans.
UniBank regrets the error.

@_date: 1994-05-12 08:16:09
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Message Havens 
Why can't gopherhole send a random number of messages with a user selected
Bob just sends one tag request encrypted with gopherhole's public key, and gets between 5 and [User cap] messages.  Even better, (Light bulb) Bob can send the number of messages he is currently equipped to filter along with the tag and gopherhole can modify this just a touch +/- 10% say just to keep Bob from getting lazy and asking for the same number all the time.
Bob can then filter the tags himself with procmail or something.  Just seems
simpler and easier on the user while harder on traffic analysis.
Same as remailers really.  Perhaps there is a way to chain message havens?
With the right randomization and frequent tag changes, it is hard to associate bob with any tag.  This problem becomes increasingly difficult if one introduces randomly generated tags and pgp messages and if the user keeps the message cap high (25-30).  Bandwidth simply cannot be saved if the attacker is getting the downlink from gopherhole if you are using a tag system like this.  The user just has to deal with 30 messages to best avoid the traffic analysis on this side.  A tap on bob's line reveals that he may have a connection with any of 25-30 real or imaginary tags.  One less thing to go on if you are an attacker, fake tags are a real headache.  Some clever filtering method for tags would be a nice touch.  All lowercase, all between four and seven letters and nouns or Nice structure.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-13 17:41:26
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: MacPGP interface project 
1) Get source code for MacPGP2.3aV1.1 and alter it to accept the Clipboard
as an input/output option, which it already can do, if operated manually.
Till then we will spool the Clipboard to disk and have MacPGP2.3aV1.1 act
only on files. MacPGP2.3aV1.1 was recently released in Germany, and will act
as our temporary model crypto engine.
This has proved a serious set back.
I would design around MacPGP2.3 v.1.0.5 (or whatever)
The V1.1 source code doesn't look like it will be around real soon.
Cut your losses, and work on v1.0.5
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-14 16:53:20
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: ADMIN: on penet and on paranoia 
THE TRUTH COMES OUT!
T.C. May is really LD!
____        Robert A. Hayden          <=> hayden
\  /__          -=-=-=-=-             <=>          -=-=-=-=-
 \/  /   Finger for Geek Code Info    <=> Political Correctness is
   \/  Finger for PGP 2.3a Public Key <=> P.C. for "Thought Police"
(GEEK CODE 1.0.1)  GAT d- -p+(---) c++(++++) l++ u++ e+/* m++(*)@ s-/++
                       n-(---) h+(*) f+ g+ w++ t++ r++ y+(*)
Now I'll have to ammend my complaint....
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-14 17:45:05
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Forward of sci.crypt web of trust. 
Newsgroups: sci.crypt
I thought I would forward this to try and provoke discussion:
In article <199405140507.AAA23861
One of the biggest problems I see with the web of trust in PGP,
at least in the MAC version, is the difficulty in verifying signed
messages.  It's just too complicated to be done on a regular basis.
This is why it is easy to forge usenet messages now-a-days on the net, no one checks.
The other flaw here is characterizing the web-of-trust as a secure cryptograhpic protocol for your analysis.  Indeed the social aspects of the web-of-trust model are what your really referring to.
If a messages is signed by me, and the signature checks out, the public key having been verified by some physical exchange or a trusted key signature, validity is no longer a cryptographic question.  There is little doubt that the message was:
1> Signed by the public key in question.
2> Not altered since.
The real question is does the key belong to who it claims to belong to, and has it been compromised?  This is a social question, and makes key signatures a shade and not a bit (on/off black/white) question.
It now comes down to judgements about the key management practices of the user, and the key signature policy of the key certifiers.
A key certificate is not really a cold "certificate of authenticity,"
it is a voucher, and it's only as good as the authority it comes from.
The reason I prefer this over a centralized system is because the potential for compromise of the thousand potential signators on the net is minimal.  Because a central authority takes each potential certification application as a blank slate, it has basic unreliabilities that to me are more disturbing.  All it takes to compromise a central authority is a forged identification document.  If you've been to college you know this is a joke, if you live in LA you have more experience.  Why this is more trustworthy than several signatures from diverse, respected net or other personalities is beyond me.
What's wrong with the web of trust right now is that it takes a boolean approach to a non-boolean process.
Signatures should instead bear some qualifying information, like "know personally" or "physical exchange of key information" or "life long friend."  In addition I would like to see a reputation signature as well, a signature that says "not only is this a person who I know personally, but I respect this person's judgement and perspective in intellectual matters."  This in conjunction with the strong signature method would make the web-of-trust model much more effective.
Regardless, the greater problem is transparency of operation.
Once that is accomplished, it will be a trivial matter for forged usenet posts to be rebuked by readers realtime.
In short, you need to ask not just:
"Is it signed."
"Is it signed by a public key bearing a key certificate from a user I trust to make good decisions."
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-14 19:57:12
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: AT&T, Canada, U.S., Clipper 
It's interesting to me that these are all arguments most of the anti-clipper types on 'punks have been bringing up from the beginning.
Mr. May and another poster have brought up the newbie complaint that no one wants to debate current issues, and another poster again brought up the good post, bad response syndrome.  (Sorry I can't provide specific credit)  Perhaps this is part of the "problem."
Normally 'punks are right on these issues as they develop.  There are a few regular "collectors" or "rainmakers" on the list that bring in prospective problems and issues before they hit the mass media with any force.  There are others who bring up the issues way in advance only analytically, putting the pieces together to spot the issues before they ever hit the media, or the policy makers.  (Note that I don't assert the issues flow in this order :)  )
It seems that the 'punks are on top of the issues 3 months to a year in advance consistently.  (Perhaps a 1-900 number should be started?  The
cypherpunk psychic friends network maybe?)  This to me is one of the great advantages and bonuses of the nexus between politics and cryptography on the list.  (Note that I'm the worst political distraction By the time most newbies get on the list, and want to talk about current events, they are old and cold on the list.  I think sometimes the list forgets the great sources, intellects and perspectives that float about and as a result there isn't a great deal of sympathy for the newbies.  Are the cypherpunks a touch spoiled?
Regardless, I think Mr. May's idea for the golden oldies is a sound one.  No one wants to rehash all the old arguments again and again.  I don't know if a FAQ is the right approach or not, I though more like a quick summary of arguments on each side of each issue, or more to Mr. May's structure (I think) the original "essays" on the topics in question.
Perhaps majordomo could be convinced to send a pointer to the "FAQ" or "Introduction to cypherpunks" with each subscribe request?
This is apt analysis.
To me the issue is one of Canadian sovereignty and economic independence despite NAFTA and outside the trade relations with America.  The worst part of NAFTA for the Canadians (IMHO) was the initial, short-term economic
dominance.  You can see in the statement that the Canadian's hardly respect
or are likely to abide by American market influence when it has little to do
with free trade.  Make an economic treaty with the United States and you get
some U.S. market regulation as well.  Even if the treaty is about free trade
to begin with.
It still interests me that the list can be so on target and attuned to the policy issues as to basically predict the response of non-American governments.  Perhaps the policy makers are using the wrong advisors.  Then again, it is right in line with American pomposity that the U.S. policy makers either assume the rest of the world will fall in line, assume they have the right analysis and perspective over all the other inputs, or don't care one way or the other.
One country's geek is another country's policy maker?
Or did the former Canadian miss Woodstock too?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-14 20:24:45
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: List Filtering. 
I have been thinking lately about list filtering, and the moderation methods that have been tossed around on the list of late.
I come down against any kind of "negative" moderation.
What strikes me as more effective and efficient is a reputational system.
Interestingly this ties into my concept of how the "web-of-trust" should work as well.
If somehow, the list server could be made to keep track of reputational signatures on some sort of a point scale and tack the result into a header like "X-Posters-Reputation-Grade: A-."  The result would be easy filtering, a lack of active censorship, and less user work overload to make the system work.
Of course this is by no means a new idea.  If I could remember who has suggested this point on the list before, I'd credit you... sorry.
I don't have a firm idea of how reputational signatures would be "valued" but it seems to me that positive systems are a better idea the negative ones for a few reasons:
Negative systems allow blacklisting.
In any system, if I have three or four accomplices, it's easy to spoil whoever I have personal conflicts with.
Negative systems just aren't "nice."
If you can't say something good about someone....
Negative systems don't account for perspective as well:
While anyone can find something poor to say about someone, it is probably more instructive of a poster's "worth" if a few people can say something good.  Additionally, in a hybrid system where negative systems and positive systems are balancing (one users positive vote of reputation is offset by anothers negative one) the filtering tends to be content based rather than merit based.
For example, just because I post about political and distractingly political issues occasionally, a list user like, oh I dunno, let's call him Mr. M., might give me and F or a D.  While someone who particularly likes my posts, even when they are distracting, and approves of my ability of analysis and perspective, no longer has much impact on my rating.
Simply, in a positive system:
If your a complete idiot, you'll never get any real reputational If your a poster of worth, and you just tend to annoy some of the regulars, you'll still get some positives.
It would be nice if PGP had a system to account for a reputational rating of a users key management and security practices as well.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-15 09:38:16
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Baker Rebuke (LONG! BASIC, Vet's Ignore) 
Here is my assesment of the arguments Mr. Baker presented on the pro-
Clipper side.
Feel free to post it to usenet if you think it's worthwhile.
- - -uni- (Dark)
- - ------- Forwarded Message
Copyright and distribution policy attached to the end of document. FYI.
X-within-URL:                      NSA'S CHIEF COUNSEL TO APPEAR ONLINE
   Stewart A. Baker, Chief Counsel for the National Security Agency and
   featured writer in WIRED 2.06 will host a Q&A session on the Clipper
   Chip. He will appear on America Online in Center Stage (from AOL type
   keyword: "center stage") on Thursday May 26, 1994, from 7-9 p.m. EST.
   Baker is the NSA's top lawyer and supports the Clipper Initiative. He
   worked briefly as Deputy General Counsel of the Education Department
   under President Jimmy Carter. His article "Don't Worry Be Happy"
   refutes seven myths of key escrow encryption and is a WIRED
   Exclusive.
     _________________________________________________________________
                             DON'T WORRY BE HAPPY
   Why Clipper Is Good For You
    By Stewart A. Baker, Chief Counsel for the NSA
     _________________________________________________________________
   With all the enthusiasm of Baptist ministers turning their Sunday
   pulpits over to the Devil, the editors of WIRED have offered me the
   opportunity to respond to some of the urban folklore that has grownup
   around key escrow encryption -- also known as the Clipper Chip.
   Recently the Clinton administration has announced that federal
   agencies will be able to buy a new kind of encryption hardware thatis
   sixteen million times stronger than the existing federal standard
   known as DES. But this new potency comes with a caveat. If one of
   these new encryption devices is used, for example, to encode a phone
   conversation that is subject to a lawful government wiretap, the
   government can get access to that device's encryption keys. Separate
   parts of each key are held by two independent "escrow agents," who
   will release keys only to authorized agencies under safeguards
   approved by the attorney general. Private use of the new encryption
   hardware is welcome but not required. That's a pretty modestproposal.
First off, notice the characterization here.  The methods used for access to the keys are approved by the attorney general.  An administrator appointed by the Executive branch, who has the greatest interest in lax standards, perhaps a greater interest than anyone else in government might.
   Its critics, though, have generated at least seven myths about key
   escrow encryption that deserve answers.
   MYTH NUMBER ONE: Key escrow encryption will create a brave new world
   of government intrusion into the privacy of Americans.    Opponents of key escrow encryption usually begin by talking about
   government invading the privacy of American citizens. None of uslikes
   the idea of the government intruding willy-nilly on communications
   that are meant to be private.
   But the key escrow proposal is not about increasing government's
   authority to invade the privacy of its citizens. All that key escrow
   does is preserve the government's current ability to conduct wiretaps
   under existing authorities. Even if key escrow were the only form of
   encryption available, the world would look only a little different
   from the one we live in now.
His argument here hinges on the definitions of expand and preserve.  Right now, the government has (it seems) little ability to eavesdrop on electronic messages sent with PGP or RIPEM.  Preserving the status quo would preserve the abilities of individuals to maintain unobserved If indeed the abilities of the government are only to be preserved, why is additional legislation required?
Do we fund bold advances in police spending to "preserve" the abilities of the police?  Or to expand against some new threat?  It's important to distinguish exactly what is being preserved.  Is it the "capability" of the government?  Or the effect of that "capability?"
Consider an example.  The government has little trouble looking through blinds with thermal scopes.  Citizens begin to use lead based blinds.  The government wants to sell blinds that are transparent to thermal scopes and drive lead blinds out of the market.  The government is trying to expand the effect here.  They only want the ability to see through the blinds, but they will soon have the ability to see through blinds DESPITE the presence of lead blinds.  The concept of expansion or preservation is simply moot here.  Ask this question instead:  Are they REGULATING?  Are they LIMITING?
In addition, there is no doubt at all that the "transactional data" provided by the LEAF envelope is a new capability.
   In fact, it's the proponents of widespread unbreakable encryption who
   want to create a brave new world, one in which all of us -- crooks
   included -- have a guarantee that the government can't tap ourphones.
   Yet these proponents have done nothing to show us that the new world
   they seek will really be a better one.
   In fact, even a civil libertarian might prefer a world where wiretaps
   are possible. If we want to catch and convict the leaders of criminal
   organizations, there are usually only two good ways to do it. We can
   "turn" a gang member -- get him to testify against his leaders. Or we
   can wiretap the leaders as they plan the crime.
Now were this my position, that law enforcement NEEDS to have wiretap ability, how does Clipper help us?  There is no dispute that Clipper will not catch those criminals who use other "commercial" encryption.  The NSA answer to this is a petty "Well, we'll catch stupid criminals."  It amazes me they even have the audacity to assert this position.  Anyone who is going to shell out ~ $1000 for a encrypted phone, is hardly a stupid criminal.
   I once did a human rights report on the criminal justice system in El
   Salvador. I didn't expect the Salvadorans to teach me much abouthuman
   rights. But I learned that, unlike the US, El Salvador greatly
   restricts the testimony of "turned" co-conspirators. Why? Because the
   co-conspirator is usually "turned" either by a threat of mistreatment
   or by an offer to reduce his punishment. Either way, the process
   raises moral questions -- and creates an incentive for false
   accusations.
   Wiretaps have no such potential for coercive use. The defendant is
   convicted or freed on the basis of his own, unarguable words.
As an attorney, I really wish it were this simple.  The NSA is trying to insulate this argument from the Constitution.  Apparently the courts have other ideas about the pitfalls of wiretapping considering the rather strict rules they have imposed on it.  In addition, the argument is not merely about the value of wiretapping.  It is the methods employed that are a concern.  If the methods are unsound, why are we pouring thousands, millions of dollars (billions if you include DigiTel) into this project?  "Stupid" criminals are not the type that need a project like Clipper to get caught.
   In addition, the world will be a safer place if criminals cannot take
   advantage of a ubiquitous, standardized encryption infrastructurethat
   is immune from any conceivable law enforcement wiretap. Even ifyou're
   worried about illegal government taps, key escrow reinforces the
   existing requirement that every wiretap and every decryption must be
   lawfully authorized. The key escrow system means that proof of
   authority to tap must be certified and audited, so that illegal
   wiretapping by a rogue prosecutor or police officer is, as apractical
   matter, impossible.
I agree the world would be a safer place if criminals could not take advantage of a standardized encryption structure, but how much better if they can take advantage of a non-standard encryption structure?  How does Clipper assure us they cannot take advantage of either?  Perhaps it keeps criminals from taking advantage of a standard encryption structure, but so would a 20 bit encryption standard.  Mr. Baker's assertion then holds true even if the government creates a secret standard that is never released.  The creation of this standard has prevented criminals from taking advantage of a standardized encryption system.  Instead they have to resort to non-standard methods, which are more secure anyway.  Mr. Baker's statement is thus, entirely without Regardless, even with Clipper there is no showing how criminals will not be able to take advantage of strong crypto.  Even the statistics that the various pro-clipper agencies like to tout show us that the primary focus of wiretapping falls in to some distinct and demonized categories.
1>  Drug dealers
2>  Terrorists
3>  Organized crime "gangs."
All of these targets are those most likely to have the resources and organization to purchase non-escrowed cryptography, and the intelligence to use it.  Who is honestly going to assert that some drug organization that builds a semi-submersible craft out of an aircraft nose at an expense of millions of dollars to smuggle drugs into the United States is going to just be careless and buy a Clipper phone?  That a terrorist organization will continue to use Clipper phones because a lackey tried to get his deposit back at a rental car agency?
It is clear that Clipper will do none of these things.  Instead it will prevent (assuming only clipper phones are available) only the small time and less resourced offenders from evading capture.  Despite all the hype and rhetoric, Clipper is basically an auto thief catcher, a small time dealer working out of his home catcher.
   MYTH NUMBER TWO: Unreadable encryption is the key to our future
   liberty.
   Of course there are people who aren't prepared to trust the escrow
   agents, or the courts that issue warrants, or the officials who
   oversee the system, or anybody else for that matter. Rather than rely
   on laws to protect us, they say, let's make wiretapping impossible;
   then we'll be safe no matter who gets elected.
Note the portrayal of the opposition.  All of them are radicals, none are those concerned about the economic consequences, or the international markets, or the potential for United States espionage.  None of them are simply worried about the effectiveness of the program, they are all anarchists.
   This sort of reasoning is the long-delayed revenge of people who
   couldn't go to Woodstock because they had too much trig homework. It
   reflects a wide -- and kind of endearing -- streak of romantic
   high-tech anarchism that crops up throughout the computer world.
I won't even dignify this character attack with a response.  The reader will judge the value of this argument him or herself
   The problem with all this romanticism is that its most likely
   beneficiaries are predators. Take for example the campaign to
   distribute PGP ("Pretty Good Privacy") encryption on the Internet.
   Some argue that widespread availability of this encryption will help
   Latvian freedom fighters today and American freedom fighterstomorrow.
   Well, not quite. Rather, one of the earliest users of PGP was a
   high-tech pedophile in Santa Clara, California. He used PGP toencrypt
   files that, police suspect, include a diary of his contacts with
   susceptible young boys using computer bulletin boards all over the
   country. "What really bothers me," says Detective Brian Kennedy ofthe
   Sacramento, California, Sheriff's Department, "is that there could be
   kids out there who need help badly, but thanks to this encryption,
   we'll never reach them."
And Clipper will help this problem by?  Encouraging smart pedophiles to use it?  It's clear this argument either has no merit, or foreshadows a more sinister regulatory action.
There are good and bad sides to every technology.  This pedophile argument is akin to demonizing baseball bats because they might cause harm.  Or forbidding computers with accounting software because bookies might use them.  It is in the American tradition to legislate this way.  Look at the speed limit, the trends in Tort law.  The assault weapons ban.  Everything is geared to the worst case.  The good or bad of this argument depends on how effective the legislation really is at accomplishing its goal.  Here it looks like Clipper, as it stands now, would have done no good.  This pedophile knew what was good for him in the face of the law, and Clipper wasn't it.  Unless the administration is prepared to put their cards on the table and call for a ban on encryption, this argument has absolutely no place here.
   If unescrowed encryption becomes ubiquitous, there will be many more
   stories like this.
And perhaps many more freedom fighter stories as well.  This argument is based on speculation that the author has assumed in order to prove.  Encryption will make the world better because it will be better, in    We can't afford as a society to protect pedophiles
   and criminals today just to keep alive the far-fetched notion that
   some future tyrant will be brought down by guerrillas wearing
   bandoleers and pocket protectors and sending PGP-encrypted messagesto
   each other across cyberspace.
Nor then, can we afford as a society to protect the rights of the accused, and privacy in any form to keep alive the far-fetched notion that some future tyrant will be brought down by people with the romantic and old fashioned notion that some two hundred year old document might have some merit.  So I propose the Clippered Constitution.
This argument relies on your willingness to balance the rights of the people against the need for law enforcement in this particular case.  Essentially what Mr. Baker is doing here is asking you to find that the prospect of catching pedophiles (a prospect that is by no means a certainty) is worth the sacrifice in privacy, and the expenditure in The most efficient law enforcement known is a dictatorship, and if we were to carry Mr. Baker's line of argument to it's conclusion, it is only some old fashioned notion that people have rights that stops us from eliminating all or nearly all crime.  By Mr. Baker's standards it seems that the exclusionary rule (which forbids the admission of evidence wrongly obtained under the 4th amendment) might as well be removed.  Afterall, the guy is obviously guilty, we found him with 6 kilos of coke, so why let him go because our MEANS were not sound?  C'mon judge, this is some old fashioned and antiquated notion that the right against unlawful search and seizure is important.
The fact is the problem is not approached this way in the United States traditionally, and this argument is really a question of degree, not one of yes or no.
   MYTH NUMBER THREE: Encryption is the key to preserving privacy in a
   digital world.
   Even people who don't believe that they are likely to be part of
   future resistance movements have nonetheless been persuaded that
   encryption is the key to preserving privacy in a networked, wireless
   world, and that we need strong encryption for this reason. This isn't
   completely wrong, but it is not an argument against Clipper.
   If you want to keep your neighbors from listening in on your cordless
   phone, if you want to keep unscrupulous competitors from stealingyour
   secrets, even if you want to keep foreign governments from knowing
   your business plans, key escrow encryption will provide all the
   security you need, and more.
I suppose this is provided you trust the government's ability to preserve the security of the escrow, the ability of counterintelligence to catch those who would steal it, the integrity of the government in not exchanging the keys for whatever reason, the likelihood of the government notifying the public if there has been a breach of security, and the procedures of notifying the Clipper user after a warrant has been issued for the key and then no crime has been discovered.
This is at the core then, a legal process argument.  As long as we give the keys to the right administrator, everything will be just fine.  The problem with that is you have to trust the government first, trust a government to set the right standards for the release of keys, trust a government that will never fall into another McCarthyism, never look at another passport file for political reasons, and trust a government that generally has an interest in compromising the system.
Even if you trust government as a whole, can you trust the segments of the process?
DES is probably more than you need under many of these arguments, the fact is its not everything you need in others.
   But I can't help pointing out that encryption has been vastlyoversold
   as a privacy protector. The biggest threats to our privacy in a
   digital world come not from what we keep secret but from what we
   reveal willingly.
For example, if we give our encryption keys to the government?
   We lose privacy in a digital world because it
   becomes cheap and easy to collate and transmit data, so that
   information you willingly gave a bank to get a mortgage suddenly ends
   up in the hands of a business rival or your ex-spouse's lawyer.
   Restricting these invasions of privacy is a challenge, but it isn't a
   job for encryption. Encryption can't protect you from the misuse of
   data you surrendered willingly.
Why is this so?  If there is a standard that is secure from everyone, including the government, why can't I exchange my banking information, my medical information, my whatever?  This is a societal question, what encryption CAN be used for is limited only by what the government will allow it to be used for and market forces.  All of these applications could conceivably be protected by encryption.  All of these applications are thus, victims of potential government intrusions by Clipper.  What possible use could the government have for my transactions with my This argument also has a ring of, "Since most people are killed with bats, we need not limit guns."  Personally, I'd like to see the killings by BOTH reduced, but that doesn't mean I'm going to resort to banning either one, or that I will ignore the one that kills "less."
Just because people do their taxes openly, I should be concerned that the government might listen to my phone because I have bigger problems to deal with?
Part of this has to do with the lack of "transparency" in encryption systems as well.  A completely transparent encryption method would increase privacy as much as any system, be it escrowed or not.  Why this mandates Clipper, or somehow makes strong encryption less of an option, is beyond me.
   What about the rise of networks? Surely encryption can help prevent
   password attacks like the recent Internet virus, or the interception
   of credit card numbers as they're sent from one digital assistant to
   another? Well, maybe. In fact, encryption is, at best, a small partof
   network security.
Currently perhaps, but again, this says nothing of potential does it?
Some people, I agree, do not need a high level of privacy, others do.
   The real key to network security is making sure that only the right
   people get access to particular data. That's why a digital signature
   is so much more important to future network security than encryption.
I would like to see a digital signature that does not use encryption of some sort.
   If everyone on a net has a unique identifier that others cannotforge,
   there's no need to send credit card numbers -- and so nothing to
   intercept.
"If everyone [] had a unique identifier...."  "If everyone had a social security number...."
   And if everyone has a digital signature, stealing passwords
   off the Net is pointless. That's why the Clinton administration is
   determined to put digital signature technology in the public domain.
   It's part of a strategy to improve the security of the information
   infrastructure in ways that don't endanger government's ability to
   enforce the law.
Digital signature technology can be put in the public domain without the help of the government thank you very much.
Curfews don't endanger the government's ability to enforce the law either, but they aren't without drawbacks.
   MYTH NUMBER FOUR: Key escrow will never work. Crooks won't use it if
   it's voluntary. There must be a secret plan to make key escrow
   encryption mandatory.
   This is probably the most common and frustrating of all the mythsthat
   abound about key escrow.
Mostly because there is no effective counter argument.  I do feel sorry for Mr. Baker here, a little.
   The administration has said time and again
   that it will not force key escrow on manufacturers and companies in
   the private sector. In a Catch-22 response, critics then insist that
   if key escrow isn't mandated it won't work.
Again, this presupposes a trust in government.  If you look at the words in the original announcements, this is NOT what the government says either.  They insist that their program will be voluntary, and there are "currently no plans" to enforce a ban on other encryption.  If press releases from the White House are per se reliable, then we have no need of privacy at all since government can be completely trusted.
   That misunderstands the nature of the problem we are trying to solve.
   Encryption is available today. But it isn't easy for criminals touse;
   especially in telecommunications. Why? Because as long as encryption
   is not standardized and ubiquitous, using encryption means buying and
   distributing expensive gear to all the key members of the conspiracy.
   Up to now only a few criminals have had the resources,sophistication,
   and discipline to use specialized encryption systems.
Yes, it is expensive, the cost of an old IBM and a 300 baud modem for example.  Certainly no petty thieves will use it.
Mr. Baker only points out the counter argument himself here.  Clipper is aimed at those who can afford encryption, and those people will have the best there is to offer, namely, not Clipper.
   What worries law enforcement agencies --what should worry them -- isa
   world where encryption is standardized and ubiquitous: a world where
   anyone who buys an US$80 phone gets an "encrypt" button that
   interoperates with everyone else's; a world where every fax machine
   and every modem automatically encodes its transmissions withoutasking
   whether that is necessary. In such a world, every criminal will gaina
   guaranteed refuge from the police without lifting a finger.
And Clipper will solve this how?  If anything it hurts the goal of making non-escrow encryption expensive because it generates a market for it, and forces manufactures to undercut government subsidized manufactures.  The effect is a drop in cost as the non-escrow manufactures try to keep competitive.  This is classic Clinton administration logic, the market will cease to function for as long as it takes for us to implement our policy.
   The purpose of the key escrow initiative is to provide an alternative
   form of encryption that can meet legitimate security concerns without
   building a web of standardized encryption that shuts law enforcement
   agencies out. If banks and corporations and government agencies buy
   key escrow encryption, criminals won't get a free ride. They'll have
   to build their own systems -- as they do now. And their devices won't
   interact with the devices that much of the rest of society uses. As
   one of my friends in the FBI puts it, "Nobody will build securephones
   just to sell to the Gambino family."
Your friend in the FBI clearly is a graduate of the Clinton/NSA school of economics.  People will build secure phones to sell to who is paying.  If that's the Gambino family, I promise some manufactures will be lining up to the promised 2,000 phone order that will result.  What a market plus it would be to be the phone the Gambino family uses.  Anyone who really wanted security would be impressed; and the sales agents would love the chance to look over their shoulder in the showroom and look about before whispering in the prospective purchasers ear, "The Gambino family just bought 2,000 of these, THAT'S how secure they are."
   In short, as long as legitimate businesses use key escrow, we can
   stave off a future in which acts of terror and organized crime are
   planned with impunity on the public telecommunications system. Of
   course, whenever we say that, the critics of key escrow trot outtheir
   fifth myth:
And what then, do you make of the legitimate businesses who oppose Clipper, of which there are many?  What of the businesses who do business internationally?  What of the international fears that Clipper causes.  You might look at a recent article in the Toronto (Sun?) which bears the opinion of the former Canadian Minister of Defense on the subject to get a feel for how other countries would welcome such a    MYTH NUMBER FIVE: The government is interfering with the free market
   by forcing key escrow on the private sector. Industry should be left
   alone to develop and sell whatever form of encryption succeeds in the
   market.
   In fact, opponents of key escrow fear that businesses may actually
   prefer key escrow encryption. Why? Because the brave new world that
   unreadable encryption buffs want to create isn't just a world with
   communications immunity for crooks. It's a world of uncharted
   liability. What if a company supplies unreadable encryption to allits
   employees, and a couple of them use it to steal from customers or to
   encrypt customer data and hold it hostage? As a lawyer, I can sayit's
   almost certain that the customers will sue the company that supplied
   the encryption to its employees. And that company in turn will suethe
   software and hardware firms that built a "security" system without
   safeguards against such an obvious abuse. The only encryption system
   that doesn't conjure up images of a lawyers' feeding frenzy is key
   escrow.
I fail, as an attorney, to follow this argument.  It is clear that it would be hard to hold responsible a software company liable for the "damage" the software causes.  It is further hard to see how one could win a suit that can't prove that data is held hostage, and not just random garbage.
I don't know many judges that would be interested in holding liability to extend this far for exactly the reason that Mr. Baker cites, it would make business impossible to do in many contexts, not just encryption.  Telegraph companies are not, for example, per se liable for a loss in communication that causes thousands, or even millions of dollars in I suppose PGP is somehow responsible for the pedophiles crime?  As an accessory?  I suppose gun manufactures are responsible for their liability?  I suppose we could sue the manufactures of cars used in get-
aways?  I don't know where Mr. Baker got his law degree, but he doesn't seem to understand the liability limiter of supervening cause.
In any event, the company could easily secure itself from liability in the context Baker describes by instituting a company policy that requires users of company lines for company business to turn a copy of their key over.  Even father, the company could provide pre-generated keys and keep copies.  Why is it that we must constantly rely on government to do that which we can easily accomplish ourselves?
   But there's a second and even more compelling reason why the key
   escrow initiative can't fairly be characterized as interfering with
   private enterprise: The encryption market has been more or less
   created and sustained by government. Much of the market forencryption
   devices is in the public sector, and much of the encryptiontechnology
   now in widespread use in the private sector was funded, perfected, or
   endorsed by the federal government.
I would like to see some evidence here.  Indeed the security market is a classic in free markets right now.  There are several software vendors, several private buyers, and the costs are driven lower by the very extensive availability of public domain software for strong encryption.
Even aside this, Baker himself argues that the need for network security is growing and getting more and more important in the private sector, which Clipper is supposedly designed for.
   And not by accident, either. Good encryption is expensive.
Not PGP, not RIPEM, not IDEA.  Good encryption is cheap, and getting cheaper, even in hardware implementations.  Patents are on the road to expiration, and licensing agreements are getting looser.
If it were so expensive, and if the market is so driven by the public sector, why are you so concerned with:
   "[A] world where
   anyone who buys an US$80 phone gets an "encrypt" button that
   interoperates with everyone else's;"
Again we see the Clinton/NSA school of economics in action.  There is no market for encryption in the private sector, so us regulating the market in the private sector is really not market regulation.
   It isn't
   just a matter of coming up with a strong algorithm, although testing
   the strength of an algorithm can be enormously time-consuming. The
   entire system must be checked for bugs and weaknesses, a laboriousand
   unglamorous process. Generally, only the federal government has been
   willing to pay what it costs to develop secure communications gear.
   That's because we can't afford to have our adversaries reading our
   military and diplomatic communications.
   That's led to a common pattern. First, the government develops,tests,
   or perfects encryption systems for itself. Then the private sector
   drafts along behind the government, adopting government standards on
   the assumption that if it's good enough for the government's
   information, it's good enough to protect industry's.
A pattern that is fast vanishing, and even gone.  A pattern that burned every 3rd world nation that bought into post war encryption distributed by the USA, and every nation that thought DES was ok for diplomatic    As encryption technology gets cheaper and more common, though, weface
   the real prospect that the federal government's own research, its own
   standards, its own purchases will help create the future I described
   earlier -- one in which criminals use ubiquitous encryption to hide
   their activities. How can anyone expect the standard-setting arms of
   government to use their power to destroy the capabilities of law
   enforcement -- especially at a time when the threat of crime and
   terror seems to be rising dramatically?
There is implicit in this statement, a notion that the private sector is screaming out loud for escrowed, and government approved, encryption.
I have seen quite the opposite.
   By adopting key escrow encryption instead, the federal government has
   simply made the reasonable judgment that its own purchases will
   reflect all of society's values, not just the single-minded pursuitof
   total privacy.
And this indicates that the government is not engaged in market regulation how?
   So where does this leave industry, especially those companies that
   don't like either the 1970s-vintage DES or key escrow? It leaves them
   where they ought to be -- standing on their own two feet. Companies
   that want to develop and sell new forms of unescrowed encryptionwon't
   be able to sell products that bear the federal seal of approval. They
   won't be able to ride piggyback on federal research efforts. And they
   won't be able to sell a single unreadable encryption product to both
   private and government customers.
And so they have doubled the market, and twice the variety in product line with the ability to ride out the storm when government cutbacks are in order?  Clinton/NSA economics again I suppose.  Only this time the markets won't be seperated in terms of export/domestic markets.  There can be a price disparity adjustment within the market that serves the    Well, so what? If companies want to develop and sell competing,
   unescrowed systems to other Americans, if they insist on hastening a
   brave new world of criminal immunity, they can still do so -- as long
   as they're willing to use their own money. That's what the freemarket
   is all about.
Government subsidizes the manufacture and distribution of a "standard," buys thousands to create a market for them where no market before existed, and then that's what free market is all about?  Funny, last time I checked, the United States has been trying to serve DeBeers (For the last five years at least) for doing about the same thing in the diamond market.
   Of course, a free market in the US doesn't mean freedom to export
   encryption that may damage US national security. As our experience in
   World War II shows, encryption is the kind of technology that winsand
   loses wars. With that in mind, we must be careful about exports of
   encryption. This isn't the place for a detailed discussion of
   controls, but one thing should be clear: They don't limit the
   encryption that Americans can buy or use. The government allows
   Americans to take even the most sophisticated encryption abroad for
   their own protection. Nor do controls require that software or
   hardware companies "dumb down" their US products.
They merely have to "dumb down" all their products.
   Software firms have
   complained that it's inconvenient to develop a second encryption
   scheme for export, but they already have to make changes from one
   country to the next -- in language, alphabet, date systems, and
   handwriting recognition, to take just a few examples. And they'dstill
   have to develop multiple encryption programs even if the US abolished
   export controls, because a wide variety of national restrictions on
   encryption are already in place in countries from Europe to Asia.
And so we will keep the current and highly effective export regulations in place and there will never be a market for strong encryption in either the U.S or abroad.  Pure fantasy.
   MYTH NUMBER SIX: The National Security Agency is a spy agency; it has
   no business worrying about domestic encryption policy.
   Since the National Security Agency has an intelligence mission,
Read: is a spy agency.
   its
   role in helping to develop key escrow encryption is usually treatedas
   evidence that key escrow must be bad security. In reality, though,NSA
   has two missions. It does indeed gather intelligence, in part by
   breaking codes. But it has a second, and oddly complementary,mission.
   It develops the best possible encryption for the US government's
   classified information.
   With code breakers and code makers all in the same agency, NSA has
   more expertise in cryptography than any other entity in the country,
   public or private. It should come as no surprise, therefore, that NSA
   had the know- how to develop an encryption technique that provides
   users great security without compromising law enforcement access. To
   say that NSA shouldn't be involved in this issue is to say the
   government should try to solve this difficult technical and social
   problem with both hands tied behind its back.
Then the super smart NSA shouldn't need to classify the method used in Clipper as no civilian could ever possibly find a weakness in it.
   MYTH NUMBER SEVEN: This entire initiative was studied in secret and
   implemented without any opportunity for industry or the public to be
   heard.
   This is an old objection, and one that had some force in April of
   1993, when the introduction of a new AT&T telephone encryption device
   required that the government move more quickly than it otherwisewould
   have.
For those not in on the argument, AT&T had a (DES?) based hardware encryption product that looked much like a caller I.D. box which encrypted phone conversation quite well.  AT&T was about to market the device, and had produced a large lot ~8,000 units.  NSA expressed disapproval, bought the lot up almost entirely and destroyed the units so AT&T wouldn't ruin the upcoming market regulation by flooding the market with "real" encryption.  In return (probably) AT&T got the Clipper contract, and one might look at the recent support AT&T has received in contract negotiations with Saudi Arabia from the administration and draw your own conclusions.
   Key escrow was a new idea at that time, and it was reasonable
   for the public to want more details and a chance to be heard before
   policies were set in concrete. But since April 1993, the public and
   industry have had many opportunities to express their views. The
   government's computer security and privacy advisory board heldseveral
   days of public hearings. The National Security Council met repeatedly
   with industry groups. The Justice Department held briefings for
   congressional staff on its plans for escrow procedures well inadvance
   of its final decision. And the Commerce Department took publiccomment
   on the proposed key escrow standard for 60 days.
And despite strong corporate rejection government jumped on the project anyhow.  I have not heard any support from the private sector at all, except maybe AT&T and those companies that smell a total ban and are promising to support the new hardware to hold their place in the market.  I would like to hear from anyone who has heard otherwise, that is a glowing review of Clipper by a private sector entity.
   After all this consultation, the government went forward with key
   escrow, [anyhow] not because the key escrow proposal received a []
   warm reception, but because none of the proposal's critics was ableto
   suggest a better way to accommodate society's interests in both
   privacy and law enforcement.
Read: Public input was meaningless because we are much smarter.
   Unless somebody comes up with one, key
   escrow is likely to be around for quite a while. That's because the
   only alternative being proposed today is for the government to design
   or endorse encryption systems that will cripple law enforcement when
   the technology migrates -- as it surely will -- to the privatesector.
   And that alternative is simply irresponsible.
How about stay out of the commercial markets all together?  Private sectors are at least as effective at developing standards.
Let me summarize Mr. Bakers arguments:
1>  Clipper doesn't create any new capability, because we have the ability to do the same intrusive things we could do before.
2>  Wiretaps are ok because they are not coercive
3>  The radical civil libertarians, who are the only real resistors her, want us to fall into anarchy, so they cant have any good points.
4>  Because criminals cannot use standardized encryption, they cannot use encryption
5>  Because the keys are escrowed, threat of irresponsible government is 6>  The anti-clipper people are just geeks who missed woodstock, so they can't have any perspective here.
7>  Because a pedophile once used PGP, we have to have Clipper.
8>  We can't let silly notions that the government might one day exceed its bounds stop us from effective law enforcement.
9>  The need for privacy isn't about Clipper, because Clipper provides 10>  Because we reveal so much about ourselves willingly, we don't need encryption anyway.
11>  The need for digital signatures mandates Clipper.
12>  We are just trying to make strong encryption more expensive for criminals, and just catch the stupid ones.  So Clipper will limit crypto to those with big resources, because one would have to be an idiot to want to sell anything to criminals.
13>  Government is not interfering with the market because government is and will be the only market provider.
14>  Companies won't use strong encryption because there is to much liability in it.
15>  The NSA is the best developer of crypto, and no one would ever think of buying anything that does not bear the NSA seal of approval.
16>  Because the purchase of escrow encryption by the government is merely an imposition of values on the public, its not market regulation.
17>  Software companies have been bemoaning the need to make different standards for exporting crypto so we are going to impose a crippled standard for all crypto and that will solve the problem.
18>  The NSA is so good at making codes, we are exactly the people to be doing it, and the other developers aren't as good at screening their methods.  Even so, we still need strong encryption because however bad the private developers are, they are threatening to flood the world with encryption we can't break.
19>  Since we held pet hearings that looked like a show trial, the public got to choose.
20>  Since the public was too stupid to like escrow encryption, we're going to go ahead with it anyhow; but this doesn't mean the public wasn't involved!  (This last one rings right up there with, if you don't agree with me, I'll make you agree.)
   For more information on the Clipper standard you can access WIRED's
   Clipper archive via the following WIRED Online services.
     _________________________________________________________________
   Stewart A. Baker is the National Security Agency's top lawyer. He
   worked briefly as Deputy General Counsel of the Education Department
   under President Jimmy Carter, and he practiced international law at
   Steptoe & Johnson, in Washington, DC. He has been at the NSA since
   1992.
     _________________________________________________________________
   WIRED Online Copyright Notice
   Copyright 1993,4 Ventures USA Ltd. All rights reserved.
   This article may be redistributed provided that the article and this
   notice remain intact. This article may not under any circumstances be
   resold or redistributed for compensation of any kind without prior
   written permission from Wired Ventures, Ltd.
   If you have any questions about these terms, or would like    about licensing materials from WIRED Online, please contact us via
   telephone (+1 (415) 904 0660) or email (info
   WIRED and WIRED Online are trademarks of Wired Ventures, Ltd.
- - -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-15 10:01:28
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Canada/Newbie correction 
A little while ago I responded to Mr. Brock's forward of the Toronto Sun article about Canada's position on Clipper.
I responded that it was surprising and a testimony to the list that most of the arguments made by the policy maker (Former Canadian Defense Minister) were issues we had been discussing from early on.  I commented that as issue spotters the 'punks seemed to be 3 months to 1 year ahead of the game on most subjects.
I then went on to explain that this might create part of the unfriendly feel of the list for new users, who get on wanting to discuss "current" events that have by this time already been tossed out and around on the list by the 'punks.
I fear Mr. Brock was mildly offended by my post.
Just to be clear, I never meant to imply that Mr. Brock's post was "behind the times" or in any way unwelcome.  Quite the opposite I assure you, the post was a good insight into the mind of a foreign official and a valuable perspective on the arguments in general.
Most of my posts are fairly "as they come to my fingers," and as a result structure is often lacking.  Hence, I fear the impression that I was persecuting or poking at Mr. Brock somehow.
Not so.  Please continue to forward such posts Mr. Brock, your taste gets a positive reputation certificate from me!
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-15 10:24:52
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: anon.penet.fi errormessages 
I too have fallen victim to the mysterious anon messages.
I however get a bounce indicating that my password is wrong.
I suspect the following:
Somehow someone on the list is asking the list to forward to a
penet.fi blind account (anXXXX).
Everytime cypherpunks sends a message to this account, the penet
site tries to either assign or verify the password on the senders
In my case, as I have a long unused account on penet, is this:
Message  2:

@_date: 1994-05-16 18:32:14
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: pgp 2.6 stupidity 
Perhaps you should consider adopting the more internation and just as secure Clipper system.
This will eliminate all your hastles and it's freely exportable!
-uni- (Dark), who would put a smiley in, but it seems no laughing matter.

@_date: 1994-05-16 18:58:32
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Fixing pgp 2.6 
As annoyed with the 2.5-2.6 releases as I have been, (and I hate to say I told you so... but I told you so...) Mr. Ingle turned on something of a light in my head.
What happens if we read between the lines?
I'm not real confident in the integrity of those involved anymore, nor am I confident that they have the interests of the user at heart, but look at what this might say....
Especially with the next clause,
Could it be that they EXPECT to have it changed, and don't care, but still need to protect intellectual property rights.  Keep up "appearances" so to speak?
Someone should examine the legal problems that might be involved in patching and making available the modified code.  If it's anything like the old license, you can do what you like provided you send notice of your change and waive rights to it.
I would look into it myself, but I don't know much about the license, nor can I spend the time in the next few months.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-16 19:07:07
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Fixing pgp 2.6 
I hadn't considered this.  My question is answered.
Frankly, I am really not interested in using PGP2.6 IN the U.S.
I am reluctant to support the active restriction of capability in a software product by dignifying its underhanded tactics in using it.
More serious efforts at a stealth PGP which makes identification of the creator of cyphertext near impossible is badly needed.
I wonder if a Mac version will be available by September.
I wonder if a Mac version of StealthPGP will ever be available.
I wish I had the time/know-how to create one myself.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-16 19:55:35
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Curtis D Frye: 
Sorry for the bandwidth.
Mr. Frye, I lost your address.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-16 22:50:04
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: FBI decryption capability / MSDOS disk wipe question 
A few moments ago I uploaded a file called "hyperdsk.zip" to the soda (cwrc??) site in the incoming directory.
My understanding is that this is a disk utility program with some encryption It is my hope that someone will take a look at the executable and try to discover what method of encryption is used.  I suspect DES, but that is a wild guess without the slightest basis in evidence.
Although I do not want to comment more specifically on the list just yet, an evaluation of the method and strength of the executable will go a long way to
answering questions about the capabilities and resolve of federal law enforcement in cryptanalysis.
Unfortunately the executable offers no basic text documentation.   (I assume it is instead "online."  As I am a mac user, these are unavailable to me.
I hope that some diligent MSDOS 'punk will take a look and see what can be In addition, I was hoping someone could provider a pointer to a robust and aggressive disk wipe utility.  Something with varied triple wipe, or "DOD" spec overwrite (which isn't really DOD spec at all) would be nice.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-17 05:35:55
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: FBI decryption capability / MSDOS disk wipe question 
Harry Bartholomew scripsit
 (cwrc??)  encryption  wild Someone suggested this might merely be a diskcacheing program without any encryption ability at all.
It is entirely possible that I am mistaken about the programs name, and have seized on hyperdsk.zip erroniously.
Does anyone recall a program of similar sounding title in MSDOS land which supported encryption?
Again, though I cannot really put a finger on it until the method is identified, it seems this will shed a good deal of light into federal law enforcement cryptanalysis abilities.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-17 07:43:37
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: (none) 
Christian D. Odhner scripsit
Thunk.  (Sound of hammer, hitting nail on head)
"I admit this is a useless product, BUT...."
"The Acura we talked about on the phone was driven off the lot... perhaps I can interest you in this super-low-mileage 1972 'Le Car'?  You can always trade it in later when we get the Acuras back in stock...."
"Meanwhile, there are some excellent aftermarket sports kits for 'Le Car.'  The 3rd party bra looks great on it and the suspension kits just blow away the original springs!  Of course some assembly is required...."
I said before, I couldn't figure out who had been at the table for the intellectual property interests when the 2.5 thing was negotiated, but I'd like to go up against her.  We all knew it changed nothing, and no one could figure out what PKP was up to.
Now its clear they weren't super clever like I first feared, but just really slow and stupid.  This is a sad last minute attempt to plug the dam with a golf tea after the town has already been lost.
Now you want to tell me that it was these same people who all of a sudden got hard nosed and bossed around the developers with some magic cripple-it-all
compromise when, not only is the cat out of the bag, but they also have little, or questionable legal grounds?  I guess they switched law firms eh?  Or maybe it is the same idiots all over again.
And an idiot's version of it too.  I can't help but picture "Baldric" of "Black Adder" fame.  "Fear not my lord, for *I* have a cunning plan...."
Won what?  I won when I got PGP 2.3a.  Who wins at this game where keyservers are unfriendly, keys are limited, international versions are "illegal" (still), and upgrade is basically "forced" not because the software I have on my computer now is obsolete, but because it ISN'T?  What the hell is that?
We won.  Hah!  Too bloody much. You noticed this did you?
Negotiated is a colorful verb here.  VERY colorful.
I don't know enough about the situation to know whether to support PRZ or not.  Why?  Because no one has been told enough.
The key servers vanish quickly but silently like the extras in some B horror flick.  Everyone else stands around by the campfire saying "Hey, where did Bob and Sarah go, and where's that firewood they were supposed to bring back?  Where'd they get that chain saw I heard earlier and why did Sarah keep screaming?  Oh well, let's wait and see if they come back.  Even better, Fred, why don't you try and get some wood and see where they went?"
Everytime someone objects or asks the admins for some answer, all we get is a press release with more restrictions imposed than the last over-the-barrel beating.
This is victory?
Give me defeat so I can go home and use 2.3a.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-05-18 09:21:03
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Anonymous scripsit
I think you fail to understand how much work this entails.

@_date: 1994-05-19 06:21:20
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Forward of alt.security.pgp message 
I thought I would post this to try and spur some discussion.
It is my reply to DS's bid for the security of centralized authority in key certification.
In article ,
including a
I dispute this.
It is a simple matter to circumvent this requirement.  If you would like
to find three or four people on any given weekend who have the capacity
to obtain a "trusted" certification in another name, or any name they
wish, I suggest you try a college bar in Georgetown, or any other college
area for that matter.
Even passports are subject to sophisticated and fraudulant application.
Your blind trust in the ability of perjury to deter is misplaced, and I
might add, typical of your legal process way of approaching problems.
All a centralized authority really accomplishes is to put a cap and a
floor on the threshold to accept a given key as "valid" or that said
keyholder's name really is "Bob Dwyer."
PGP claims no such authority.  PGP merely says: This is who has certified
and vouched for the ownership of this key.
Take my key signing policies.
I will sign anothers key in two instances.  1>  If a physical exchange of
key materials is made by the key holder, and if that owner can prove
access to the secret key.  (Signed with my low security key)
2>  If I personally know the keyholder and am aquainted in a context
outside of the Internet, and the above criteria can be satisfied.
(Signed with my highsecurity key)
Which will you assert is the more reliable?  A central authority that has
never seen or heard of said applicant before?  Or an authority who has
known said applicant for months or even years outside of the internet,
and in a personal capacity?  (My method Until every man, woman, and teen has a smart national ID card based on
fingerprints or retina scan or DNA sampling, centralized authority is really a
limiter, and in many cases a deceptive appearance of "secure" certification.
(I might add that these methods are unacceptable to me for other reasons).
In fact, should you be willing to wager a sufficant amount, and assure my
non-prosecution for perjury, I would be pleased to demonstrate the
ability to circumvent the centralized procedure in whatever reasonable
protocol you would like.  Provided I have an individual who I trust to
sign keys only of those he knows, the only way to circumvent my PGP
authentication requirements is to physically intercept the secret key and
break the passphrase, or to resort to rubber hose cryptoanalysis.  A
tactic that is likely to cause key revocation in any event.
known to
So what you really have is the potential for untrusted signatures to be
given in PGP.  So?  How is this a limiter to the user who is careful
enough to screen the keys properly?  A centralized key signor authority
is merely laziness.  It is a method forwarded by those who are too sloth to
take security in their own hands and wish to have it instead provided for
This is why PGP is often criticized:  Users are simply too lazy to look
out for themselves.  The answer is to limit everyone.  Typical American
policy, shoot for the average every time.  You don't need to learn how to
drive, we'll just make the speed limit safe for any idiot.  You don't
need to know how to brake, we'll just invent ABS.  You don't need to take
responsibility for your own security, we'll just invent a mediocre
standard to do it for you.
No, until users pay more attention to what really is a "high security
certification." authentication is its weakest element FOR THOSE USERS.
When users really take extensive steps to certify, a certification is MORE
secure than a centralized authority.  I'm going to trust my million
dollar transaction to a trusted friends transaction way before I trust
what amounts to the Department of Motor Vehicles' assurance of identity.
And this is a good clue perhaps on his signing procedures and caution in
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-19 10:56:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Patent infringement (fwd) 
Sandy Sandfort scripsit
I'm not familiar with the nature of his accusations.  Anyone, perhaps a victim, care to comment more specifically?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-19 15:27:19
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Mr. Sternlight, libel 
I MUST highlight the fact that this is a very general survey of libel law and the state law which is applied will have radical effects on the case.
I must also point out that this is in no way legal advice, but merely academic examination.
In order to make a prima facie case of defamation the following must be met by the plaintiff:
1>  A false and defamatory statement concerning him
2>  Publication of the statement.  (Note 1)
3>  Fault, at least to the point of negligence, some exceptions apply.  (Note 2)
4>  Special harm of a pecuniary nature or actionability of the statement Note 1:  Publication is defined merely as communication to a party other than the plaintiff.
Note 2:  Fault where the plaintiff is a private citizen varies from state to state between mere negligence, intent to harm and reckless disregard.
A statement is defamatory if it has a "tendency to harm the reputation" of the plaintiff.  Rest. 2d of Torts sec. 559.
The reputation of the plaintiff need not be actually injured, it need only be shown that the reputation of the plaintiff could have been harmed were the statement to have been believed.  An exception exists where the statement is not clearly defamatory on its face, and in this instance the plaintiff must usually show special damages which indicate actual damage to reputation and
pecuniary harm resulted.
The truthfulness of the statement is an absolute defense for an action of Where the defendant has made a charge of wrongdoing against the plaintiff, the defendant must show that the plaintiff actually committed the
offense alleged, not a lesser or greater offense. Rest. 2d of Torts sec. 581A, comment f.
Where the statement is a matter of public interest, the burden of proof lies on the plaintiff to show that the statement was false.  (Potentially this holding in _Philadelphia Newspapers v. Hepps_, 475 U.S. 767 (1986) is only applicable to defendants who are media organizations.)
Non-media defendants are most likely to bear the burden of proof, rather than the plaintiff as the plaintiff burden of proof in the case of public interest matters is to avoid the chilling effect of potential liability and frivolous law suits.
In order to assert a defense of libel for the protection of the interests of the recipient of the publication (Netcom), the defendant (Sternlight) must show in most jurisdictions that the defendant was responding to a request for information rather than offering the information without provocation.  Rest. 2d. of Torts sec 595(2)(a).
I turn to the facts at hand:
Here is the letter sent to netcom by David Sternlight as given to me by Mr. BEGIN ATTACHMENT OF STERNLIGHT LETTER:----------------------------
Reply to: david
In tracking down slow response on netcom8, I discovered that user beker was
idle for over 16 minutes, and since the timeout was supposed to be 12, I
fingered him to see if he was a netcom staffer.
I found his .plan file contained a PGP 2.3a key. That infringes RSADSI's
patents. That this is so has recently been confirmed by an independent
inquiry by lawyers retained by MIT.
The patent holder, RSADSI, has said that no only do versions of PGP except the
soon-to-be-released 2.6 and the commercially sold Viacrypt version 2.4
infringe in the U.S., but posted keys and key servers constitute inducement
to infringe and/or conspiracy to infringe.
Given netcom's new user agreement, I'm user user beker will want to correct
----- end
Mr. Sternlight has written to a party, not Mr. Beker satisfying the requirement for publication.  The publication is "in print" making the analysis
one of libel, and not slander.
Mr. Sternlight has alleged wrongdoing by Mr. Beker.  (Patent infringement)
Mr. Sternlight is not (as far as I can tell) entitled to 3rd party interest protection, and is thus not excepted by this privilege as he has not responded to a request for information from Netcom.
Mr. Sternlight has cited some source for his legal interpretation, the clarity of this source, or its existence at all will determine Mr. Sternlight's negligence in this matter.  The language of the letter seems to suggest that attorneys from MIT have ruled THIS SPECIFIC user as in violation of the patent in question.
I believe it would be difficult to show recklessness or intent to harm reputation in this instance.
On the issue of harm to Mr. Beker, I have no information.  Key in this regard will be the question of Netcom's handling of the situation, and what
harm might have occurred to Mr. Beker.
Mr. Sternlight may assert the defense of truth.  I am not familiar with the patent case such to comment on his likely result here.  Were the letter seen to claim that attorneys from MIT had ruled the user Beker specifically as an infringer, I believe he would lose this defense.  Further
the fact that Mr. Sternlight's letter seems to suggest that Mr. Beker is the subject of scrutiny by attorneys from MIT is a potentially independent
issue of defamation.  This assertion I feel is more likely to be found reckless.
Overall the weakest aspect of the case is damages.  It seems hard to show that there were significant reputational damages.  Even if all the other criteria
are satisfied, the lack of significant damages as a practical matter will likely derail any action.
I believe this case _might_ satisfy the Rule 11 requirements for an action in federal court, the weakest part being the satisfaction of the
(significant) minimum damages to entertain a federal diversity action.  In any event, were a Rule 11 challenge to be survived, it would require a
sympathetic judge,and some additional facts, particularly in the area of
The bottom line:  Weak case on these facts.  No damages apparent.
-uni- (Dark), who is rusty on libel.

@_date: 1994-05-23 19:01:18
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: I sued tmp@netcom.com.... 
I ask humbly that no one redistribute this post.
I would prefer it to remain within the "family" of cypherpunks, and not filter out to the Usenet community or anyone else for that matter.
In addition, please do not bait or harass tmp who is under non-disclosure obligations and has been through quite a lot.
As trust is key in our proto-community here, I have little reservation in revealing what is not restricted by non-disclosure agreements to you Please do not make me regret it.
-uni- (Dark)
In early May I incited a flame war of significant proportions in the newsgroups of alt.security.pgp, sci.crypt, and most of the crypto-
politics groups on Usenet.  I responded to a post by everyone's favorite net personality, tmp  Mr. tmp had written a scathing and somewhat damning review of the politics and goals of the "cryptoanarchists," a term lifted from Mr. May of this list.  While usually Mr. tmp's rants are laughable, here he had formulated at least some cognitive ability and integrated it into a fairly well written message.  As most of the regulars were probably taken to ignoring, or killing any writings by tmp, his postings would usually not be a concern.  In the face of a new, kinder, gentler tmp however, I feared some of the newbies at impressionable stages might side with tmp and become rooted in the belief that crypto is a basically dangerous thing that should be "born classified."  I'm sure each of us will recall a moment, or a period where such a fork in the road might have existed for us.
In any event, I composed and posted, crosspostings intact, a rebuttal.  I can't recall if I posted a copy here or not, but I suspect that I did.  I think I even got some compliments for the posting from associates and friends of mine.  Regardless, the result was an enraged tmp who began an increasingly deteriorating set of attacks which finally ended up in purely personal degradation with myself and the cypherpunks in general as the primary targets.  tmp also felt free to adopt my own writings as form letters, changing the names where appropriate and misattributing them to himself.  In all I posted 5 messages.  Over 50 messages, about half of which were replies to his own postings, appeared from tmp
When I had just about forgotten the matter, I received a phone call from a business associate and former classmate of mine.  He wanted to know if there was any truth to the rumor that I was a published anarchist of revolutionary proportions, set on toppling the government of the United States and eliminating the boarders of the world.
Now, those of you who know me in any personal way will know that I travel in extremely conservative circles.  For those of you who don't, I own businesses and to a lesser degree do some legal work in the states and abroad.  I'm a Georgetown Law graduate and I hold a LL.M. and a M.A. in International Relations.  Among other things, I own a manufacturer and distributor of highest end, handmade, wood furnishings based in the states, with the majority of business having a distinctly international character.  (Shameless pitch)  I am known for my business like character, a valuable asset needed to maintain some respect in that I am quite young for my position.  In Europe, business associates and family of mine would look quite dimly at my views, mostly unable to see that I am in essence a moderate, even a slightly rightist moderate economically.  Such a leftist reputation, deserved or not, would doubtless brush off on my family as well, with the accompanying negative impact.  I would add that in my section of Europe, such reputational concerns are much amplified, especially in business relations.  I post here and about Usenet with an assumed identity to guard against just such an event.  This in itself makes quite an interesting case for anonymous remailers and identity firewalls on the net in general.
After some questions, I traced the source of the rumor back through a state side friend of mine who, ironically, I had introduced to Usenet.  Said friend had forwarded a few of the tmp postings to another mutual acquaintance, intending, innocently enough, such as a humorous diversion  The rest of the story looks like that old shampoo commercial (and she told two friends, and they told two friends....), modernized with fax machines and e-mail.  Clearly, some recipients farther down the line were not privy to the context of the posts, others assumed the sources to be the print media, by virtue of the type set one recipient printed in ("New Century School Block"), and thus thought them Earlier, I asked for a public retraction an apology from tmp and was predictably, laughed at.  I explained to tmp that if he did not tender an apology and retraction, I would consider legal action.  Laughter could be heard at the other end of the e-mail message I received in return, and tmp felt free to repost my e-mail, with some dramatic license, to his ever growing, self replied, Usenet thread.  A client called from Switzerland and asked about the rumor this same day.  Said client is a frequent legal client and the recipient of our lowest bid for the furnishing of the executive offices of a new world headquarters nearing completion, a rare order in this economy.  I am not a person prone to law suits, this was, however, a bit much to I contacted some of my legal friends and co-workers and we did some research on the problem.  (Interestingly enough the David Sternlight libel suit was suggested by Mr. Sandfort on this list right when I was concluding my research on the same topic for my own legal problem).  In many ways the tmp posting seemed a classic libel/defamation suit, the only difference being the introduction of Usenet and e-mail to the formula.  One of my attorneys suggested we treat the initial distribution as a mass mailing, and bring some caselaw on that line into the brief.  Interestingly enough the parallels here are quite close.  The Usenet distribution was made to several parties who "subscribed" to a public forum.  This had the additional effect of making tmp later postings (which were almost entirely personal attacks) appear out of place with the "forum's" topic and look very much like "reckless disregard for the truth," a standard which would have allowed significant punitive damages to be invoked.  It also kept tmp out of the "member of the print media" category which would have put the burden of proof of the falsehood of tmp's statements on me.
I spoke to a Federal Court of Appeals Judge who I have known for a number of years to try and poke some holes in the suit on substantive merits.  As far as he was concerned, the suit was one that he would entertain in his court room "without reservation."
We decided on a initial suit of damages in Federal Court and in the mid to high six figures.  This allowed an amended complaint, if the Swiss deal fell through, in the low seven figures.  Had this been the case I could not have even begun to accurately peg the damages as this client was often a significant "rain maker" for us.  Needless to say, and as is the practice with all suits, no one expected we would be awarded the full amount in any event, or that tmp could afford to pay for it.
I contacted netcom.com to see how they might respond to the suit, and to ask about the need for a preliminary injunction to prevent data in and about tmp's account from being destroyed inadvertently or intentionally.  Netcom.com was initially not very cooperative.  They suggested I sort the problem out with tmp, and that it was not their issue.  This was until my attorney called Mr. Bruce Woodcock at Netcom support services.  Mr. Woodcock was VERY cooperative.  He was very interested in avoiding liability and was perhaps the best card we had in the suit.  While I cannot go into detail as to the specific support he provided, I think it is safe to say AS A GENERAL MATTER that while most internet providers will be very strict about privacy for their account holders, the appearance of legal proceedings and potential court orders make a provider very interested in not being named as a co-defendant. (Note 1)  I must thank Mr. Woodcock and commend him on his excellent balance of client privacy and respect for the judicial system.
Our request for the seizure of materials potentially discoverable under Federal Rule 26 of Civil Procedure was (at our request) carbon copied to The next day I received a mail bomb with the phrase "I do not appreciate your threatened lawsuit!" copied ten thousand (10,000) times, and forged through a telnet (STMP?) port (25?).  Some hours later I received a rather more subdued letter from tmp suggesting that from his (unknown) legal perspective I had little grounds for a case and that he was sure EFF would be interested in defending him.  On the advice of counsel, I did not reply to the letter.  I did however begin to notice the following disclaimers on tmp's messages:
DISCLAIMER: the above statement in no way implies that the pseudonymous
entity Black Unicorn, unicorn is a cryptoanarchist.
Furthermore this message does not reflect any views of L.Detweiler.
The next day I received an even more subdued letter, highlighting tmp's lack of resources for a legal defense, and sounding even a little like an apology.  Against the advice of counsel, I decided to answer this one, and suggested that we talk over the phone about settling.  I agreed that whatever happened, I would not reveal his identity, a small concession in my view.
I settled with tmp for terms which I will not disclose.
I will say that it was worth my while.
In a way I'm sorry the case didn't go to the courts.  While it probably would not have been a precedent setting one, because it doesn't seem tmp could have appealed a ruling and gotten it into the record books as an appeals case with some precedent, it would have been interesting to see what sort of liability Usenet might present.  In a way I felt guilty.  Usenet and the net in general is such a break from the normal rules and fears of liability it seemed a shame in a way to introduce the ugly head of jurisdiction and subservience to the legal system to cyberspace.  I also don't like to be a bully.  In another way it seemed like a no-lose situation.  If I won a suit, I would be vindicated (as petty as that is), and there would be some clue as to how far one could go on Usenet and in cyberspace in general.  If I lost, I would be just as pleased that the line had been drawn and the results of basic immunity to defamation and libel would have been quite a social experiment, a result still quite worth the expenditure for me.  In addition, I was very interested in discovering how a court, the ultimate throwback to the real world, would impose (or refuse to impose) traditional legal theory on Usenet and electronic mailing lists in general.  As a legal scholar, it was a problem that presented a wonderful chance to see the law evolve literally right before my eyes.  In retrospect, I'm not sure I would have been so pleased if the Swiss deal had been compromised in the process.
Note 1:
It seems to me that the entire event highlights the potential demand for anonymous utilities on both sides.  tmp would have been much better off for his ability to use remailers, and I would have been much better off had I guarded my pseudonym more effectively.  The interesting solution would be a multi-jurisdictional remailer making records non-
reconstructable, and guarding the operator from jurisdiction and liability.  tmp's greatest weak spot was Netcom's potential liability.  I would have been hard pressed to sue had Netcom not been so easily included as a defendant.  Netcom's cooperation (which was not at all "voluntary" I must add, but rather based on significant perceived, potential liability) made expensive depositions and numerous interrogatories throughout the discovery game unnecessary, and probably would have been much more difficult if Netcom had insisted on pursuing a hearing in court on each request and fought tooth and nail as (I assume) Julf might have.  This applies even under the revised Federal Rules of Civil Procedure which recently went in effect and are in part designed to reduce the adversarial nature of discovery.  Should the rules continue to evolve away from the adversarial direction, forcing defendants and plaintiffs to reveal more for less, anonymous utilities will become more and more valuable.  Anonymous utilities with multi-
jurisdictional components are CRUCIAL in this litigious, sue happy country.  (Call me part of the problem if you like.)  I would have been SOL had tmp decided to post through an overseas remailer, or one which, regardless of jurisdiction, had a means to avoid civil liability.
In any event this raises another matter.  How then are remailers to be supervised?  My personal feeling is that Julf, or any remailer operator, would have blocked tmp's use of a remailer far before Netcom would have.  (Note that Netcom STILL has not revoked tmp's account, I guess they are just asking for trouble?)  In as much as remailers are operated by those who have some degree of respect for Usenet and cyberspace in general, the kind of self patrolling that goes on seems to me as effective, provided there isn't an imposition by the operator of the morality legislation that remailers are often used to circumvent (pornography, etc.)  In my view the traffic level alone of tmp's Usenet posts is more offensive than any pornography, tax avoidance, political activism, or free marketing that goes on through remailers.  It should be this, along with harassment or obvious forum abuse that should dictate the line at which a remailer operator blocks access.  In the current system, as displayed by Netcom's policy, it is quite the opposite that is affected.  Potential legal liability (which is based on the whims of the empowered jurisdiction) is the only effective bar against misconduct.  The implications of a nationalized internet are quite unnerving in this context.  In a way Netcom is a victim here.  They are at the mercy of the U.S. legal system despite what is or is not morally acceptable in cyberspace.  In a way they have dug their own hole.  Their restrictions, and motivations are based on profit, not on ethics.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-26 09:38:31
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Unicorn vs. tmp@netcom 
Cyber City scripsit
[Dog story clipped]
I find it interesting that your rebuke is based mostly on your own personal reluctance to use the courts.  Who exactly do you speak of to when you refer to "the rest of us."
You propose that I resort next time to what.... arbitration?
You seem to think it was merely the post that caused me to resort to the courts.  It was not.  Had it remained in Usenet I never would have cared This is often the case with lawsuit and any human endeavor.  I'm sorry everyone isn't on equal ground in the world.  I personally prefer the ability to resort to a civil system of litigation than to have some highly institutionalized, standardized, process that could only be provided by big government.  At what price equality?
Cantor and Seigel?  Please.  Again, even if one asks to be rebuked, this is no excuse for defamation.
I never knew him to be truly ill.  The "please keep up with your medication" comments are common in Usenet and hardly indictive of any factual belief.  If indeed he is on medication it is news to me, and you are the individual who has compromised his privacy.
It would be an easy matter for me to expose his identity, his work, his finances, I have and will not.
Your wrong on the first count, right on the second, and as I said before, I never had a basis to make the judgement that you outline in the third.
No, it is a Shakesphere quote from Henry VI, (Part 2).  This oft misquoted tidbit is taken out of context to be a serious suggestion.  In fact the character who utters it is a Nilhilist intended to be laughed at for his impractical and poorly thought out theories.  Note that this quote comes right after a similar humor:
"I will make it a felony to drink small beer."
What does this have to do with my suit?
Where the free flow of information damages, it is an easy policy to insure ones self with flawless, no cost, total liability insurance.  It's called a secure anonymous remailer.
I concur, and I outlined said protocol.  I pointed to Julf.  In the absence of such protocol I will act to protect my interests by what means are available.
[Time wasteing litigation comment deleted]
I don't find it was a waste of my time or my effort.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-26 15:39:19
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Unicorn vs.... 
Mike Duvos scripsit
It is in so far as the two are connected.
This must be a personal view, it has no basis in law.
In fact you might have a stronger case in that you tried to prevent misrepresentation of your view with the anonymous post, took additional care to guard yourself in effect.
Again, you seem to want to make posting a strict liability operation.  "Post and you are going to eat it," in effect.
Your are the free speech advocate, what will THIS do to freedom of expression if posting non-anonymously per se opens you to whatever defamation might be out there?
I don't mind be associated with discussion on cryptography.
I do mind if I am defamed as a radical anarchist with my goal as the destruction of nations.
Again, only in so far as the identity remains anonymous.
I only wish the entire world was as peachy as you seem to think it is.
It would be nice if everyone understood sarcasm, respected Devil's Advocate positions and imputed no motives.
The fact is, however, that Joan Rivers is still on T.V.
If I say :  "The moron who bought RJR Nabisco is a Nazi," I have refered to no specific person, but the meaning is clear.
Similarly if I refer to the "dolt who posts as tom jones is a Nazi" I am Easy for you to say, what did you have to lose?
Exactly.  A real world with a real legal system.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-26 15:43:17
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Liability and Anonymous Systems 
Sorry about the blank post before this one....
Mike Duvos scripsit
Basically correct.
Basically correct.
Inadvertent disclosure is perhaps inaccurate. Said friend was privy to my identity by choice.  You seem to want to dismiss tmp's liability because he assumed that my identity was secure.
Not sure I quite agree with your assessment here.
It was indeed tmp's fault that my business associates were exposed to tmp's statements.  He released them to the world at large.  The net is not the end of the story.  It interacts with the outside world actively.  To assert that tmp could not have known that associates of mine might have gotten a hold of his statements is just to ignore the facts.
He is directly at fault for anything he releases to the general public.  Just because someone else did some forwarding of what appeared to be a published characterization does not lift liability from the origin of the statements.  To hold otherwise would eliminate accountability of the press because the newspaper stand was the last distributor.
Basically correct.  Your emotional appeal to "the heat of discussion" really does not do much to reduce liability.
True.  Why the basic narrowness of the rest of the world should stand for some bar to my suit is somehow beyond me however. It is precisely because people are prone to be swayed by rumor and hearsay
that protection against defamation is required.  Had tmp no reason to believe that anyone would attribute a negative meaning to his characterizations, I
might agree with you.  Are you going to assert that he thought he was
complimenting me?
How I wish the rumor that a dentist had AIDS would never affect said practitioners business.  How realistic is this in practice however?
Do you really assert that it is the stupidity of the public that limits the liability of the individual wrongly spreading the rumor?
I should be able to do business unimpaired with whoever I like, whenever I like, and with whatever reputation I have earned.  This includes stuffy, uptight, anal Europeans, who happen to have the money right now I might add.
Basically correct, with the departure that he was free to seek pro-bono representation or perhaps assistance from the ACLU or EFF.  Those without the ability to defend themselves with a money-is-no-object approach probably should not be so quick to defame either.
tmp is disliked in the Cypherpunk community because of his often slanderous conduct.  This is hardly my fault or anyone else's.  I don't think you can attribute the response to my news simply to this in any
event.  Are you asserting that because I sued someone, others are too stunned
into silence to be critical of my suit?  I think this is silly.  If it deters
anyone from defaming, it was a positive thing.  How it would curb reasoned
debate (like your post for example) is beyond me.
Part of the purpose of a legal system in any form is predictability.  If you hurt Alice so, you will be punished so.  If you resort to defamation, you should expect to be held accountable at one point or another.  This is the incentive to instead conduct reasoned debate.
So your position will be that the laws of defamation and libel are an infringement on the first amendement?  I'm not interested in anyone calling anyone else a hero.  There are two sides to every dispute, the winner is merely a reflection on the moral makeup of the day.
I think you confuse the issue here.  It was not my unpopular view that caused the damage, but an incorrect characterization of my view.  Truth is an absolute defense to libel.  Had tmp been correct in characterizing my political views, he would have been vindicated.  Instead he leveled baseless accusations which also happened to be false. Such being the case, your statement to the effect that I was merely "losing
work because of an unpopular view of mine" is poorly worded, and You seem to allege here that it is my responsibility to post anonymously to the internet to guard against defamation and false accusation?  Is it strict liability here?  If you post, you are engaging in a hazardous activity and thus you bear the risk that someone might defame you?
Is it the poster's responsibility to assure anonymous postings?
Such would be a very curious legal standard.
Should I have wanted to insure myself flawlessly, I should have posted
entirely through an anonymous remailer.  The reverse is not necessarily true,
that unless I post anonymously I deserve what I get.
Utility of anonymous posting v. Requirement of anonymous posting seems to be the distinction you are blurring.
A kill file would be most effective if it stopped the spread of damaging rumor or somehow proved it false.  It does not do so.
Some Reflections on Anonymous Posting and Legal Systems:
How does one construct protections to the individual who conducts business in an environment of absolute anonymous potential?
If I am to be able to do business with who I like, be they upper-crusted Europeans with anal political bents or what, there must be some protections.  I have worked hard to cultivate a reputation of what passes for "respectability" in my business circles.  The potential to post with total and untraceable anonymous attributation is a dangerous one in this context.  It would be nice if completely reputation barren anonymous posters were given no sway in the scheme of things, other than what could be verified from their posts.  This is unfortunately not the case.
It would also be nice if one could conduct business with zero knowledge reputations and zero transaction costs.  This is also, unfortunately, not the case.  (I'm hoping however).  It seem to me that this technological advance accomplishes what decades of civil rights legislation could not.  A truly color blind world.
This is why I will assert that total anonyminity, when costless, or nearly so, is a GOOD THING.
Currently there are no provisions for this sort of transaction.  My postings, were they made through difficult to operate and not highly reliable encrypted remailers, would probably not be able to gain the reputation that this account has.
So what of libel in a true anonymous world?  How can it exist?  tmp may make accusations as he likes against a reputed anonymous poster known only as "Reputation rating: 65."  I suffer no harm, he incurs no liability, and each is welcome to judge who's points are more reliable based merely on message content, and some idea of each posters reliability and history. I may conduct business with stuffy Europeans as I like, and not even have to worry about, or know, what their political hang ups are, or what tmp might say about me publically.
The danger lies instead, not in a totally anonymous world, but in a partially anonymous one.  It is in this hybrid world that I cannot rationalize putting the burden of anonymous assurance on the poster, as Mr. Duvos would have.
Where some users are more anonymous than others there exists a powerful potential for harm.  My hope is that eventually this will create a market for anonymous transactions, black market transactions in the eyes of some, with little or transaction cost.  As suits like mine become difficult to conduct because of the use of strong anonymous remailers by defamers or posters or what not, parties will begin to defend themselves with anonymous accounts as well.
Of course the catch, or the feature, is that taxation and regulation becomes, not curtailed, but almost impossible.
You will not hear me assert that no-taxation is a good thing per se, but rather that an authority could be beneficial to subsidize market failures.  I note that this does NOT include today's concept of "market failure" nor fabricated externalities like "national security" or "the health care crisis."  I also note that such an "authority" would be much curtailed from today's concept of "government."
It is my experience that those who tend to the "law and order" mentality are really looking for a means to provide for ease of transactions, not the over regulation that results instead.  In my book ease of transactions is what it's all about.
On the other side of the political spectrum, the utilitarian / redistribution
of wealth types always seem to me to be struggling in a hopelessly circular
effort to make up for the failure of markets by regulating them further and
further into collectivism, instead of giving them the means to expand and bud into privatization.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-27 11:00:15
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Unicorn suit 
peace scripsit
You need to read more carefully.
Take it slow this time.
I prefer the civil system with a high degree of party autonomy OVER a
"highly institutionalized, standardized, process that could only be
provided by big government."
I am not, and have never been in favor of big government.  Where you get this idea from any of my posts is beyond explanation outside of your careless review or misunderstanding.
As for my position on anonymity, I have posted long and hard on the subject, and I don't think you will find anything in my posts that is not a pro-anonymous position.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-27 11:29:04
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: British and German citizens.... 
If the British or German citizens on the list could drop me some e-mail.
(I'm interested in discussing some recent changes to citizenship -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-27 11:29:48
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: New MacPGP? 
Someone posted an announcement for a new version of MacPGP on this list....
Is it available?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-05-27 14:57:00
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Unicorn suit 
Timothy C. May scripsit
I agree on all counts.
Where those opinions are cast as fact, and done maliciously I have to disagree with you.
Where they are legitimate extentions of argument and discussion, I do.
The context was blurred with each successive forwarding.
I might add that as the forwarding went on, it ventured farther into the "business associate" types, and much farther from the "friend" catagory.
It's hard to outline without blowing the entire cake, which I'd prefer not to do.  Suffice it to say that the distribution was never intended to get as far as it did.
The forgeries, while offensive, were not the main point of contention.  The defamation was.
I think this comes down to a basic question of line drawing.  We could argue all year on this point and get nowhere, so I will merely state my position and leave it there.
Where a person communicates a knowingly false or negligent accusation or characterization about another to a third party, and material damages insue, the communicator is liable in my view.
As I have pointed out before, totally anonymous systems make this childish and trival threshold of convience entirely moot.  I hope to live to see this day.
And this is supposed to convince moral majority christians?
Again, we just differ here.  I understand and respect your opinion, and hope as a practical matter that totally anonymous systems will make this a realpolitik reality.
Not in so far as you characterized your accusation as an opinion.
This is why there is so much "to do" in libel law about newspapers printing "alleged murderer" and so forth.  In theory it's silly.  We all know the public reads "murderer" as if the word alleged was never there to begin with.  This is a question of damages.  How much damage could said accused actually quantify because of this statement?  Who knows, probably not much.  In addition if there was no intent on the part of the press, there is no case.  Free speech is fairly well guarded in this Non-Media antics are another matter, and can be much more damaging.
Again, it is not my responsibilty to guard myself against defamation.  I did to some extent, but to say that because I did not choose an entirely anonymous method that anyone might defame me is to my thinking, silly.
On the other hand, those who are enough in the public image are usually given the burden.  (Public figure exception)  This would also apply to your Clinton example.
Book reviews also fall into a public figure catagory.  As do most of the tabloids.  I agree, there is a problem.  What redress is there however for the defamed?
Can Joe Blow really call my clients and produce forged evidence that I am a fugitive white collar criminal, destroy my business and hide behind free speech blankets?
Again, it's a question of line drawing.
I guess it's my turn to sound angry.  When was the last time you answered tmp publically?  I don't mean this to be a barb... but I just don't think that direct confrontation is always the answer.  As it was, my case was quickly resolved between the parties.  How much more free speech can you get?  He's welcome to violate the settlement agreement, and I can push a claim again.  How likely this is to win in the courts is an issue for legal speculation.
Of course not.  Rants and active defamation are two issues much distinct.
I simply am exercising my legal rights in so far as I was harmed.  As it
turned out, tmp corrected the situation and was quite cooperative when we
finally talked.
Again, we have a line drawing contest here.  I just go a little father, I don't even think extensively father.  Frankly I don't think U.S. courts go much farther either.
I should be able to conduct business, without interference, in peace, with whomever, whenever, whatever, and however uptight, as I choose.  The settlement was much more extensive then a mere public retraction.
And to the extent that he does so anonymously, I will have no redress.  I accept this.
Again, I accept this as a possibility.
As for the drug trafficking, since truth is an absolute defense to libel, I will have no case.
I will not sue an overseas remailer like Julf.
I will be tempted to ask a local one if tmp is indeed breaking a legitimate settlement agreement, I will not sue if I am refused.
Easier said than done.  Luckly I believe I have this taken care of.

@_date: 1994-05-27 16:13:49
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re:  MacPGP 
Unicorn asked about the new MacPGP. Unicorn should ask Tim May,
who has had a copy for three days now. Or Eric Hollander who
has  had it 5 days. Or Eric Hughes who's  had it two days. Who
the fuck do I have to send this thing to to get  it  released
and mentioned? I'm done. They've got it, well the source at
least. The program, MacPGP2.3aV1.1 has been out for months.
I too have had a copy for quite some time, closely isolated
in a closed partition.
I just wanted to know that it was indeed now sourced....
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-09-18 16:35:49
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: THE I-WAY 
Mr. Vice President:
Below please find your release along with changes suggested by our FOIA department.  I think you will find the modifications make for a much less threatening release.
- Tipper
Begin copy:
Sandy Sandfort scripsit

@_date: 1994-09-18 16:46:38
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Possible [Best?] Scenario 
Anonymous User scripsit
You don't give us enough information.
Are your attackers looking for known parties?
How secure is your cellular?  Do you operate from a known or a guessable location?  Is your "Friend" known?  Suspected?  His location, guessable?  If your location were known it would be a simple matter to monitor the area, say put a van just outside your site and wait for cellular activity of a strength that suggests your presence.  How likely would it be that someone else is using a cellular phone in your presence?  Given this, it is probably not difficult to obtain the billing/ESN number for your phone, and then obtain detailed traffic information about your transmissions.  Given that it is a simple matter to conduct a lower tech attack, say tempest, and pick up the conversation as you compose it, end running the encryption so to speak.  You think in too shallow a fashion.  Security is about more than communications security.
Even if yours is perfect, how about your friends.  A tempest attack on his site while he is using Word for Windows is just as effective as one on you.
Modify this tactic to use a phone which uses several different ESN's at random or move your location often and at random.
Worthless given the above attack.
Again, unimportant given the cheaper low tech solution.
Been there, did that.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-09-19 14:36:47
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: [CyberCash Media hype] 
Ian Farquhar scripsit
I prefer:  "security through obscurity ALONE is no security at all."
Guess I'm not the only one.
While this may seem to be a joke comment, it is not.
They also classify just about if not exactly everything because it never will be looked at seriously by the policy makers if it's not marked at least "secret."
The major hurtle in intelligence is often not collection or analysis, but -uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-09-19 14:40:03
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Robert Hettinga scripsit
Some lawyer, can't do stat. intrepretation to save his/her life.
As I pointed out before, the requirement for INVESTIGATION is reasonably appearing to have intent.  The statuatory offense itself includes NO REFERENCE to intent.
The scienter requirement here is "gloss on the surface" of the kind intended to win votes from on the fencers.
Until you get his bill, and lose in court too boot.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-09-19 15:03:56
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: A Scenario 
Anonymous User scripsit
[Location stuff]
[Your friend could be an idiot stuff]
[You should move around more and vary the ESN]
I assumed only data.
So you would compose your messages on a laptop while moving about?  This would be my suggestion.  I don't know how well Tempest works on the move, I assume it's more difficult, but not impossible.  The LCD screen (some have theorized) will make interception more difficult.  The real problem is when you compose the message, or when it is actually converted to plaintext and read.  These are the cheapest interceptions via tempest, or even a video camera over the shoulder.  Remember, once your ESN or ESN's are estlablished, it is a simple matter to obtain your transactional information remotely (see Digital Telephony bill for the whole argument).
If I were trying to make the case I would do it so:
At 5:10 pm, subject A departed in a taxi for the airport with his laptop.  Monitoring the subjects known phone information (obtained by local close proximity interception) we measured a 26 second call to a local unix service provider.  Subject A's account (which was being observed) showed mail traffic sent to a known remailer at 5:12pm.  Subject B's account recieved a encrypted message [If by PGP it would be obvious that subject a and subject b were using the same software] at 6:30pm.  (or perhaps 12:01am if the remailer is trying to foil traffic).  After receiving the encryped message from a (the same?) remailer, subject B left his home and was found near the site of the terrorist bombing.
At the very least this provides a WIDE OPEN door to take a closer look at Subject A.  I hope you have never met subject B in person, or have anything in your house incriminating.  If yes, you better be ready to purjure yourself.
Dunno, Dunno.  Probably difficult, doubt that it's impossible.
 This is a positive of
Wrong.  It's pretty easy given your phones billing information.  The cell site you are working off of at any given moment is currently easy to estlablish.  That gives your position within some miles (I assume this varies from area to area)  In fact, a cellular phone is probably the WORST thing to use if your interested in hiding your location and your phone number/ESN is known.  Given the location of the cell your working off of, it's probably an easy matter to just track the phone to cell signal down with a direction/strength meter or by triangulation.
 I am assuming that I'm
If your friend is monitored, the BBS firewall is useless.
He calls, his call setup information is recorded.  Given a pattern it's obvious after a while which 30 BBS's your using.
Remember, strong crypto is only a tenth the game.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-09-20 07:08:52
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Unicorn?? 
Jeff Barber scripsit
No it was the long stay in the Baltics that did it to me.

@_date: 1994-09-20 07:39:04
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Anonymous scripsit
Anonymous must be a Baker & Botts associate.
  4) Query: and if so how will it be diluted by the investigation requirements in the act?
1>  Please point these out.
2>  Please show the connection between related parts of the bill and the offense definition.  (I was at a loss to make such a connection, have I missed something?)
By refering back to (1) here you are assuming that which is to be proven:  It is not a per se offense to run a remailer because that would violate your premise that is it not a per se offense to run a remailer.  Or is your premise based on some other reference?
Instead you might ask how the statute will be read in the context of the differing language between the investigation threshold requirement and the definition of offense.  Why would one mention intent so explicitly and the other ignore it?  Did congress anticipate the difficulty of showing intent in this type of prosecution and structure the act accordingly?  This would be my argument as a prosecuter.
Ah, but the counter to this arguement (obviously structured well into the statute) is that there will never be any investigation into the offense without resonable facts to suggest intent.  (This is the killjoy to the due process arguement.)
You rely on the construction tending to constitutionality here, but it is equally valid to construct the statute as meeting the due process requirement via the investagatory intent requirement.  This was my entire point.  Given the difference in the requirements between allowing investigation and definition of offense, there is a basic imbalance in the act.  Why?  Accident, poor drafting? Intent?
Exactly.  So why are they not?  Why is this never mentioned.  I can only believe that the structure of the statute is intended to provide this arguement as a loophole.  I'm not paranoid enough to want to claim that this is to peg remailer operators specifically, (duh) but what are the implications for a very soft offense definition in a federal crime bill?
I have not had time to look at 31 USC 5324(3) in detail with reference to this problem.  Nor have I looked at the case.  At first glance it looks promising, but I remain a skeptic.  It is too tempting to use the language in the investigatory intent requirement to dismiss the arguements you make.
I must admit to being impressed at this reference however.  I may be eating crow soon.
I eat Sausage McMuffins with egg every morning.
In any event, this is the real key here.  What do you think a judge will find encrypted remailing rates on the "nefarious" scale?  In context I think it will be quite harsh.  Especially given the very nature of the act, (to avoid detection of one thing or another).  I believe anonymous remailers have some use.  But they are so targeted to prevent GOVERNMENT observation and intercepts, that they just plain look bad.  This would be the key distinction in such a case from Raztlaf.  All a judge has to do to throw out this entire argument is find that encrypted, traffic analysis foiling, anonymous remailers are more nefarious than currency structuring.  Given the (lack of) public exposure to the technology, what do YOU think this ruling will turn out to be, especially if the only real legitimate argument for why remailers are legitimate rests on more libertarian grounds.
Impressed with your research skills, not quite convinced with your argument.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-09-22 09:56:37
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Hal scripsit
While I believe you are correct that remailers are not currently secure against the kind of assets a government would use against them, this was not my point.  The benchmark we all seem to use in evaluating the security of any of the new crypto/cypherpunk technologies are the government abilities.  How strong is a remailer one asks?  Immediately a slew of answers as to how the government could penetrate the system come out.  (See above)  Then, immediately following, come suggestions to defeat these methods.  The key effort is to defeat the worst case technology and the best funded attacker.  Is this not a basic axiom of cypherpunks, and cryptography in general?  I would argue so.  The fact that remailers may or may not be able to withstand government level attacks is academic.  The point is they are designed increasingly so.  The point is not if we are 75% there, or 100% there, but that the perception will be that the goal is to make them entirely secure.  Only programs like the Clipper program do otherwise.  The entire POINT is to have the most secure system possible.
Do cypherpunks intentionally cripple their software now?
How long was I gone?
Are good for perhaps, but the theory, the practice will always appear to be anti-authoritarian.  In my eyes this is a GOOD thing, in the context of criminal offense, and how the process is likely to be seen by a court....
Apples and oranges.  The current capabilities and the design goal are two different things.  You know as well as I that all this will boil down to the words: "Defendant attempted to use used a computer remailer to mask his transactions from authorities.  Detective Blow was successful in defeating the defendants efforts and presents the evidence before us today."
As for this material being used in court for intent purposes, since when has censorship been a policy here.  Are we now in the business of watching what we say in order not to step on too many toes?
Are there not thousands of messages with the words "But if the NSA can do X, shouldn't we try Y" on this list?  How will these look?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-09-22 10:03:04
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: On the crime bill and remailers 
Eric Hughes scripsit
While I agree that remailers could eventually, if not already deter the local cops, and perhaps even federal enforcement, my point was more design goal, not current capability.  This distinction is likely to be lost in any court proceedings, or in any FISA proceeding.  Again, it means nothing that remailers do or do not have the capability to deter this or that kind of attacker, but that they are not intentionally crippled to allow government circumvention.
If I use a scanner to listen to police activity while committing a crime, and such an offense is an obstruction charge in my jurisdiction, does it matter that I was a moron and that I had it tuned to the wrong channel, and was caught?
What if the scanner was too primitive to deal with the new 800 MHZ police band?  Am I still guilty?  What if I was using it to listen to the weather forecast so the stolen flour wouldn't be rained on?
Isn't it obvious that the judge will take a dim view of ALL these examples?
In this context isn't it important to examine these possibilities as if they are a threat with an eye toward addressing them and making remailers immune to this type of argument?
Why thank you Mr. Hughes!  :)
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-10-02 14:34:12
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Cyphernomicon 
Could someone give me a current pointer to the Cyphernomicon?
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-10-02 19:30:41
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Impact of Free Strong Crypto (Essay of sorts) 
If the below is cut off by your mailer or mine, please drop me a note and I shall send you a complete copy.
-uni- (Dark)
-----BEGIN PGP SIGNED MESSAGE-----
Political Ramifications of Free Encryption Technology.
To me the Cypherpunks represent the drive to free technology from a regimented, collectivist, and centralized regulatory structure.  So deep does this inclination seem to run that even liberal programs that might extend the reach of high technology particularly communications and data storage or processing technologies, through social reform are looked at almost universally with distaste.  There is almost a disgust at the mere notion of Federal Government involvement in the development and distribution of technology.  (Reaction to Al Gore's programs are a demonstration of this attitude).  Some on the list would certainly disagree, feeling that government should take responsibility to promise equal access in the face of the amazing disparity selectively distributed technology would create, but I feel these are mere philosophical differences in methodology, and not major conflicts in goals.  In some ways this debate is so powerful and threatens to fill so much bandwidth that some Cypherpunks seem to resist any political content on the list.  (Witness the many clashes about what the Cypherpunks list is really for, and whether political topics even have a place therein).  A treatment of the merits of Government involvement in distributional aspects of technology, or the level of regulation required or desired goes beyond the scope of this work.  I wish instead to focus on the likely institutional reaction to a Cypherpunk victory.  This necessarily requires a good deal of assumption on my part.  Probably also some assumptions that are likely to make as many people happy as upset.  I think the underlying analysis below is sound whatever the political persuasions of the reader.  That being said let it be known that I consider the following as a "Cypherpunk victory."
1.  Complete freedom of technology, particularly encryption technology, regulated only by market forces.  This implies the lack of import/export restrictions, and a complete absence of projects designed to limit technology, or to standardize it for nefarious ends like Clipper.
2.  A wide market of hardware and software products allowing, among other things, strong, transparent cryptography for voice, data, fax, cellular, and video communications.
3.  Active and profuse vendors of related applications of the above technologies, including among others, digital banking, and anonymous mail (in my use including video, voice, data, and true digital cash).
I think these are all possible (however likely or unlikely) within the next five years.
Many Cypherpunks will necessarily draw a "fall of modern government" effect from the above conditions.  Others will see the existence of a regulatory entity much lessened in importance and control than today.  Still others will predict little change at all.  Whatever your position, I think it is clear that government, like any entity, will seek to survive despite the above conditions.  I assume in my construct that the Federal Government has fought these points on all fronts (a safe bet in my view) but lost (a less likely scenario to me in the next five years).  Given these facts, how is government likely to adjust?  Surely not without a fight to survive even in the face of what many see as impending doom for revenue collection and law I have often commented that Cypherpunks see things about 6 months to 2 years before the popular culture begins to catch the scents.  It is surprising to me then that the list (as far as I know) has been so stuck in the present with regard to the likely reaction to long term Cypherpunk goals.  Most political discussions deal either with the present Federal Government threat, (Clipper, Digitel, Information Superhighway) or with the long term promise of Cypherpunk technology, but not the future Federal Government response to said technology.  Partly I think this is attributable to the perception that the Federal Government is as much behind the times as popular culture.  Technically this is probably true on the whole.  (Dorthy Denning being short sighted enough to insist that law enforcement needs wiretap ability because they have always had such an ability.  Ms. Denning's similarly dense arguments based on statistics to the effect that since law enforcement has used wiretaps so often, they must be indispensable and thus must be preserved.  What Ms. Denning never mentions, either accidentally or with intent, are the alternatives).  But it is equally true that there is, or there appears to be, some foresight on the policy level as to the implications of the new technology on the long term.  (The Clipper proposal is either a entirely absent minded program which can never work because the goal really is a non-mandatory non-
regulatory standard creation, or it is an adept foot in the door coup.  A tour de force program in conjunction with Digitel, Information Highway, and NIST designed to preempt technology.)  So what if the Cypherpunks win?
How will the complete inability of law enforcement (Federal or Local) to conduct wiretaps impact collection?  Those who think that law enforcement will just have to go away might want to reconsider.  Instead I think that law enforcement will simply become much more intrusive as a response to the unavailability of easy interception via wiretapping.
Recently on the list it was pointed out that few if any serious ciphers have been cracked without a Human Intelligence component.  Indeed many of the later successes against the Enigma machines could be found in German operator laziness rather than pure analytical prowess.  One Signals Intelligence type mentioned that his job was made much easier by the propensity of the German communication officers he was responsible for to use obscenities for their Enigma keys.
Currently wiretaps are so popular not because they are indispensable but because a series of court decisions have made them the simplest, and cheapest method of Criminal Intelligence.  Cases like _Smith v. Maryland_, 442 U.S. 735 (1979) have placed a fairly low burden on the law enforcement officials seeking to intercept telephone conversations, and almost no burden on those who wish to intercept call setup information.  It is no surprise then that they have become so frequently used in criminal investigation and are so often cited as well as jealously defended as Given the national anti-crime sentiment (even far left democrats seem to have given up on rehabilitation, and any astute politician who aspires to another term is terrified of being portrayed as soft on crime), the position that secure communications will solve the lack of oversight and intrusiveness of law enforcement conveniently ignores the constitutional "adjustments" that were made in the face of the national neurosis with the war on drugs.  Instead Federal and Local law enforcement will begin to rely on Human Intelligence as well as more intrusive site collection to work around the technologically intensive and prohibitively expensive Signals Intelligence in the new era.  Courts, tired of dismissing hundreds of otherwise legitimate looking cases, are likely to judicially erode the constitutional protections protecting citizens from search and seizure particularly with reference to an increased law enforcement reliance on more intrusive room surveillance equipment.  In the context of the Fourth Amendment's structure this becomes a particularly difficult problem.  The Exclusionary Rule provides for the rejection of evidence collected in violation of the Fourth Amendment (there is no effective civil remedy) but as many commentators have pointed out this is a particularly difficult thing for a judge to do.  Exclusionary Rule motions come in the context of a convicted criminal, who most often was fairly obviously guilty, but who would be released without the evidence in question.  Most of today's Exclusionary Rule law comes from drug cases as it became increasingly difficult in the late 1970's and early 1980's to overturn convictions where two kilograms of cocaine was discovered by a questionable search.  Will not this same judicial activism be used to expand law enforcement's freedom to use room bugs and other intrusive methodology in the face of the argument that wiretapping is impossible?  Similarly is it likely that law enforcement will begin to rely on Human Intelligence to a much greater extent.  Targeted political organizations will be infiltrated with a much greater degree of aggressiveness, perhaps even surpassing levels of the 1960's.  Frustration in law enforcement inability to penetrate the more advanced criminal circles will probably result in very creative interpretation of the rules, if not an outright disregard for them, to secure convictions.
More alarming perhaps are the ramifications for banking transactions.  In the absence of an ability to monitor transactions electronically Human Intelligence will be forced to fill in the gaps, creating a great demand for informants within the banking and financial industries.  The SEC simply will be unable to function as it does today without electronic monitoring of transactions.  Instead brokerage firms, high profile investors and financial institutions are more likely to be attacked with Human Intelligence and informants, perhaps even outright theft of records.  The implications for even the moderate level investor are ominous.
Given the flexibility of constitutional interpretation demonstrated by the New Deal legislation, is it any mystery that the new law enforcement methodology will be supported by the courts, especially in the face of complete law enforcement breakdown?
The only real practical legal recourse would be a clarification to the courts by the legislature.  However, if the current anti-crime atmosphere endures it is highly unlikely that any legislator will go on record as a obstacle to law enforcement by checking the courts back.
The Cypherpunks must ask themselves how to address these issues, and recognize the potential political impact of high technology and the losing law enforcement battle to keep up.  Would a Cypherpunk victory merely be bypassed by a clever end run?  Is this a case of "Even when you win you - -uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-10-04 14:45:01
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
Anonymous scripsit
It is you who have overgeneralized.  No limits on technology certainly does not mean allowing low tech and poor incinerators to continue operating.
The fact that low mileage cars still drive is a result of poor markets than anything else (baring colletables).  How would you argue that some low mileage cars are the result of a no limitations on technology policy?  Unsafe medical devices?  I would say this is a problem with testing technology, not a lack of limitation on technological advance.  Genetically tampered food?  Why is this dangerous?  Have any evidence?  Most of the livestock/crops you eat today have been altered in one way or another, be it selective breeding, low tech botanical splicing, or genetic/hormonal therapy.  You see this as a regression?
You never make the distinction between regulation designed to promote and regulation designed to deter technological advance.  Clipper is clearly designed to set a standard and defuse the market which has advanced strong cryptography.  It is designed to WEAKEN technology, make it counter-productive to it's goal (in the case of cryptography, security against all attackers).  What lack of regulation does this?  Market forces are lathargic, sometimes they need a boost.  I propose this boost be accomplished with motivators like tax breaks, market assisters and privatization.  When Germany wanted to promote environmentally sound packaging and manufacture, they started a program called Gruun Punkt (The Green Point)  They allow manufactures to place the green point sticker on their products provided they meet XYZ specifications.  This is the way to promote technological advance, NOT by over regulation, centralization, collectivization and stagnation.  The pattern of the administration crippling markets because it is afraid it cannot keep pace is obnoxious.  If we were to all keep pace with the Federal Government, we'd all still be wearing loin cloths.  Anyone who thinks the Federal Government is the driving force behind the majority of technological advancement (aside the space program and military hardware) needs to take a good look.
I'm not even sure we agree about crypto, considering you don't seem to understand, or at least express the difference between Crypto regulation and emissions testing.
-uni- Dark

@_date: 1994-10-04 20:19:41
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Freedom of technology 
John E. Kreznar scripsit
This is especially true with products that are pulled from the market to save the average (read idiot) consumer from him/herself.  Or products put there for the same reason.
The amount of law that is intended to safeguard the world and cater to the bottom of the barrel when it comes to intellect and intelligence is I really don't want a function on all cars sold in the United States which prevents people from starting their car with the clutch engaged.  I actually find use for starting with the clutch engaged.  I can't stand ABS, and can usually threshold brake much more effectively than ABS can pulse brake.  I turn ABS off.  It's an idiot button.  It's the product of a culture that presses the button on the ATM machine, but has no idea what's going on behind the screen.
Who's to tell me I have to have ABS or the "safety starter" if I don't want the thing?
Who's to tell me that I need a backdoor in my crypto?
Where do you draw the line?  Outlaw sugar perhaps?  It would save consumers millions in dental bills.
And a "failed market" is when the market doesn't match up with the administrator's choices.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-10-05 00:41:06
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Freedom of technology 
Lewis McCarthy scripsit
We're basically on the same wavelength after all.
My point (poorly expressed) was that making these mandatory would annoy me.
I'm actually pleased with ABS as a market function.
You make the massive leap in logic here that eludes the legislators.
It's the impact on others in the SPECIFIC and not the aggregate that should be used to determine limitations on technology.
I tend to preach absolutism in deregulation (or near to it) because allowing distinction threatens to put legislators in the position of deciding where the line is.  You think I want to be forced to buy an ABS car because the average driver is an idiot and because Driving School is a joke?  Of course not.  I refuse to be bound by the national average.
I don't see the connection here.  How does the jury system contribute to government intervention?  Whatever the jury verdict in a civil suit, the government still has to say "We can't allow all these law suits, let's ban X so there wont be any more."  You can have 40 billion in judgements against KY jelly, that doesn't mean government needs to be involved.  The judgements, the publicity, and the civil system have SOLVED the problem.  Those who might have had problems with KY have been compensated, those who are smart consumers will avoid KY, and KY will either go out of business, make massive efforts to correct the problem and get the information out there that that problem has been corrected, or it can afford the suits.  I'd prefer to see a consumer monitoring program, listing complaints, lawsuits and quality ratings on products available via net/1-800 number and etc.  A "good housekeeping" rating of A to F for example.  If this information system is handled properly and given enough detail and depth there are no such problems.  The market will regulate and the incentives will be to provide the best product, at the lowest Information is the key, and if the consumer cannot bother him or herself to check out the product they buy I'm not sympathetic.
Of course one cypherpunk is sure to say: "Nice, but not about cryptography."
Part of the problem with cryptography and technology today is that consumers have little if any information about the field.  What a shame it would be if the market were killed by government "we know what's best for you before you've even seen it" before it ever got big.
-uni- (Dark)
[Follow ups to alt.market.systems]

@_date: 1994-10-05 01:17:18
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Call for Italians 
MarcoCalamari Ing. scripsit
                         ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Sure, I'm wasting bandwidth, but at least THIS isn't in my sig also.

@_date: 1994-10-05 13:27:08
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Impact of Free Strong Crypto (Essay of sorts) 
Carl Ellison scripsit
Anyone else on the list have this problem?
If so I will be happy to re-up with a new sig.

@_date: 1994-10-05 16:00:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Government and Markets (Again) 
The market adjusts to these problems through the civil litigation system.  A product is identified as potentially defective/dangerous and a law suit arises.  Either the product appears to be responsible or not.  The hospital is either responsible for not insuring that the emergency equipment is safe, or it isn't.  The costs are ALREADY allocated in this example.  Hospitals begin to look into their products with more care instead of relying on some FDA regulation that took 5 years to instate and is probably out of date.
Do you think that FDA regulations are any less lagged?  How many people have to die before the FDA passes a ban, or a regulation?  And worse, how many people die because new products are kept in the wings for years?
If the market is so faulty, how is it you have this information?  In fact it was easy to get wasn't it?  So you probably will watch out for hormone treated meat.
Poetry in motion the market can be.
Look, you did it without any regulation, and without paying 2000 federal employees between 25 and 90 thousand dollars a year.
Exactly.  You have information, you are free to make your choice.  If you're not a woman, you can eat all the meat you like and not fret over the study.  Why?  Because the federal government hasn't taken the meat away, or banned the use of hormones which increase the output of meat in certain cattle.
I think Tim May put this best:
T>Underwriters Laboratories, Good Housekeeping ("Seal of Appproval"),
T>and Consumer Reports are better testers than any bureacrats in
T>Washington, and they are private. Insurance companies have a strong
T>interest in safe equipment, as do hospitals, doctors, and even
T>patients. Indeed.  Listen to yourself:  "the right to choose is taken away because [Insert reason of the week here]"  In your case it's because "consumers can't detect the difference between hormone-treated beef and organic beef."  But you never explain how this is a function that is impossible to accomplish without federal government.  Even worse, how do you reconcile this with your previous assertion that :"I had thought that the right to make the choice was taken by cypherpunks as an article of Who is the blasphemer?
In fact there is reason to believe the regulation you propose is more harmful than good.  Institutions have a lifetime, a staying power if you will.  This is why they are no good at setting technological regulation.  FDA is a wonderful example of lag, lunacy and backwardness in standards Tim May comments:
T>What often happens with government-imposed standards is that some
T>lobbying group decides that "cheese is good for you" and so gets
T>cheese installed as one of the government-mandated "basic food
T>groups."  [...]
Not for all of us.  Some of us believe the advance of technology is an end unto itself.  So many things follow from the advance of technology, sometimes it's all you have to look at to make progress.  The shortest distance between two points....
Often this argument reminds me of those who whine about free trade.  They want protectionist tariffs.  They point out that their backward business is going to be destroyed because some automaker elsewhere in the world is doing a better job, for less.  So in the interest of making this special interest group happy, the market is disrupted and all cars are more expensive.  The cheap manufacturer has trouble advancing to even greater heights and consumers get the short end of the stick to preserve.... what?  Jobs.
It's the same thing for technology.  Why are the rest of us being held back from eating tomatoes twice the size at half the cost?  Because:
1>  Real tomato growers are powerful in politics
2>  The FDA is a morass of paper and policy
3>  The government has anything to do with the tomato market.
Where did we lose the concept that you make money when you sell a good product for a good price?  When did sympathy for special interest groups come into the picture?  I'll tell you when, the 1930's.
The result?  Today the average citizen depends on government for over half his assets.  HALF HIS ASSETS are government entitlements.  Think about that very carefully.  Soon they are going to be taking away your drivers license for all sorts of reasons.  Do you think driving is a government entitlement?  Well it is.  Why?  Because the government got the foot in the door.  Today your car keys, tomorrow your crypto keys.
I just can't agree.  There are very few black and whites here.  Stewart, Krier and Manell point out what are (IMHO) quite legitimate market failures and where intervention is warranted.
1> There has been a fairly liquid exchange and availability to consumers of information in the marketplace.
2> There are no restricted commodities 3> There are large numbers of buyers and sellers in the market.
4> There are no localized externalities.
Even in these circumstances, there are many options for intervention, collectivization and regulation being THE LAST ONE ON THE LIST.
Tim May:
T>Government standards are a two-edged sword. Many of us would prefer to
T>"opt out" of their idea of what's healthy and safe and what's not.
And that's what real choice is all about.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-10-06 10:29:03
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Digital Cash:  Impact of Interstate Banking Act of 1994 
The Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branch Efficiency Act of 1994, Electronic Banking and Digital Cash:  A brief impact survey.
Last month the President signed into law the Riegle-Neal Interstate Banking and Branch Efficiency Act of 1994.
The act is the result of almost sixteen years of attempts to revise and ease long standing restrictions on commercial banking entities.  The aspects of the bill which in my opinion hold the greatest implications for electronic banking, internet banking and digital cash are the lifting of basic geographic restrictions on commercial banking are outlined below.
Commenting after the bill cleared the Senate, Secretary Bentsen indicated the following:
++ Begin excerpt
This legislation represents a major step forward for the American banking system that has been sought by both parties for years.  Efforts to ease interstate banking and branching restrictions were proposed by the last four administrations.  I applaud the bipartisan effort to enact this important legislation.
Interstate banking and branching will be beneficial to banks and their customers as well as the nation's economy as a whole.  This bill will allow banks to reduce expenses by structuring themselves more efficiently.  It will also promote the safety and soundness of the banking system through geographic diversification, which will enable banks to better withstand regional recessions and meet the needs of customers in times of stress.  Customer convenience will be greatly enhanced by eliminating arbitrary restrictions on interstate deposit taking.  Competition among banks will be encouraged by making it easier for them to enter markets that are not now full competitive.
The [Act]:
* Permits a bank holding company to acquire a bank located in any state, beginning one year after enactment.
* Allows a bank to merge with a bank in another state, beginning June 1, 1997, so long as neither state has taken legislative action to prohibit interstate mergers....
* Allows foreign banks to establish branches, either de novo or by acquisition and merger, in any state outside the state in which the bank has its U.S. headquarters to the same extent that a domestic bank may establish such branches....
++ End of excerpt.
Since the Glass-Stegall Act, which established strict separation of commercial and investment banking services, commercial banking has suffered in the marketplace due to investment services and investment banking competition.  Investment banking and banking services could often offer services resembling those offered by traditional banking without enduring the strict geographical restrictions imposed on banks.  At the same time, reduced deposit insurance regulation made the cost of these services lower.  Even entities like insurance companies could offer loan services, and often offer them at better rates, that banks could no longer soundly approach.
The most obvious impact of geographical restrictions to the average consumer was the restriction on traditional banks in regard to accepting out of state deposits.  Most readers will recognize this manifest in the inability to deposit to an account from an out of state automatic teller.  While withdrawals are possible through interstate networks like Cirrus, Most, NYCE and the Military Financial Network, deposits are restricted to in state entities only and as a result associated fees of any interstate transactions are a function of the number of financial institutions which the transaction must bridge, as the local banks are institutions unable to structure their own networks to avoid middleman cost.  Similarly, wire transfers are presented with an identical cost bridge, as geographic restrictions have often required the adoption of several different networks between banks instead of a single network.  Costs are predictably affected.
With the introduction of the Interstate Banking Act banks will be free to expand their deposit taking functions across state lines (within the general restrictions of the Act).  As a result Automatic Teller Machines may soon be able to provide many of the same services as a "Full Service Bank" provided merely that they have a customer service phone attached.
The foreseeable impact on Digital Cash projects as well as online and offline cash and banking systems falls within a few brackets.
1>  Positive effects for start up domestic efforts associated with
    geographic deregulation.
2>  Positive effects for depositors in general.
3>  Negative effects for start up overseas efforts.
4>  Negative effects for overseas expansion efforts.
5>  Negative effects for digital cash generally.
1>  Domestic efforts:
Because limitations on interstate banking are being lifted, those projects intending to start up a full or partial service financial institution with advanced electronic transaction services will obviously be more feasible on a nation wide scale.
Prospects for nation wide, fully automated and cost effective electronic banking are greatly increased with the removal of the restrictions on geographic expansion.  Look to see increased interest in long term banking customer relations as banks and depositors recognize that it may no longer be necessary to change institutions when changing domiciles.  An immediate expansion of automatic teller networks and associated agreements with service providers is likely.
2>  Depositors in general:
Can expect to transact all types of basic banking functions nationally without the necessity of a local branch of their bank being accessible.  As banks begin to realize the profits from interstate banking fees directly without dilution to the institution local to the transaction, expansion of electronic networks is a likely reaction.
3>  Overseas efforts:
Efforts to provide depositors with access to overseas institutions will be hampered in two ways:
A>  Investment prospects will decrease.
Investors recognizing that overseas institutions which offer services in the United States have one less advantage over domestic banks will be less likely to participate in such a venture.
B>  Customers recognizing that overseas institutions offering services in the United States provide few, if any, needed services that local banks cannot also accommodate will reduce depositor interest in overseas electronic banking.  (Note the cyclic effect of this on potential Investors in A)
4>  Overseas expansion of existing institutions to the United States.
Is less likely in so far as competition among domestic banks is stronger, and the potential market share is reduced.
5>  Impact on digital cash.
A>  Because of the depositor interest in new local banking services, depositors are less likely to be interested in digital cash potential where a domestic checking account accomplishes the same basic goal.  In so far as digital cash ventures depend on the general populations interest, as compared with the interest of the "enlightened population" (in my meaning, those who understand the privacy and liquidity advantages of digital cash over traditional banking services), the market share of digital cash ventures is reduced by the number of general population more comfortable with traditional banking services.  (I feel this to be a significant number).
B>  Note the impact on potential investors in digital cash ventures of Not the end of digital cash by any means, but a blow for start up Anyone interested in a much more detailed analysis of the Act, I will provide one to the list if enough e-mail interest is shown.
- -uni- (Dark)
Please report signature failures.

@_date: 1994-10-06 10:30:48
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: BIRD BRAINS 
Samuel Kaplin scripsit
Or in the pigeon example, use an animal to kill a human.

@_date: 1994-10-06 10:35:35
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Key Forfeiture, not Key Escrow 
Philip Zimmermann scripsit
This got me thinking about a potentially interesting aspect of this whole Isn't this a taking?  Government is reducing the value of the key, and the associated software by forfeiting it.  It would seem to me that the value of a key "stored" by government makes:
1>  Insurance liability for cash transactions involving stored keys larger.
2>  A lessened value of services of the software.
3>  A reduced value to the user of what is essentially his property.
Thin on many grounds... but interesting none the less.
The public welfare exception will be the likely defense, but the burden is on the defendant to show public welfare.
-uni- (Dark)

@_date: 1994-11-18 20:31:28
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: your mail 
How is this a "comment" on financial privacy?
I could just as well say "Put your money in your matress." and probably have the same level of education effect.
Financial structuring is a highly complex process that earns many people hundreds of dollars (or francs) an hour because there are no blanket rules.  I suggest Critias_the_conspitator keep his day job.  It will be easier on him, and us.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-18 21:13:54
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Critias Unmasked! 
A pseudonym taken in by a pseudonym.
Point taken.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-18 23:06:41
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Critias Unmasked! 
I thought of some kind of filter that standardized punctuation and such to mask the little changes that cause identity associations....
Any ideas on the practical application of this, or perhaps its feasibility?
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-21 03:24:36
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: 900 privacy ad op 
Bob Dwyer threw away the chain letter and broke the chain and was killed
in a vicious gardening accident that same day.
Bill Smith sent his letter, and was instantly rewarded when he found
$45.9 million in negotiable bearer bonds in an unmarked paper bag behind his doghouse.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-21 15:49:42
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Admiral Inman 
Unfortunately this first bit is typical of the "Four Horseman" demonization.  The fault here is a logic flaw called "After the fact,
therefore because of the fact."  In this case the reason that all the
narcotics leads related to money laundering come from wiretaps is because
this is the only method applied to obtaining such leads on a serious basis.
I have long argued that the entire emphasis on the importance of wiretaps, and all the statistics associated with these arguments fail this basic test.  Next time you hear someone touting the importance of wiretaps because X million dollars is saved by the criminals caught with wiretaps, ask "Why weren't normal physical/intrusive devices used?"
One of the requirements in most showing requirements for the approval of wiretaps requires an agent to assert that a phone wiretap is the only way to obtain the needed information.  Of course this has become a joke.
The other issue, perhaps the real issue, is that wiretaps have more limited 4th amendment protections than do physical/intrusive devices.
I think you'd solve a lot of problems by admitting that the crucial need for wiretapping ability is a farce and grew out of attempts to circumvent the 4th amendment in the then budding war on drugs.  I expect any day to be told of the "wiretap" crisis, and following in the "crisis" political pattern (Declare a crisis, yank rights and replace them with entitlements) go back to a system where you have to lease your government subsidized (read bugged) phone equipment.
Crypto hook in?  Given the increased reliance on communications what has been the respective addition in protection for electronic communication privacy?  None.  If anything there is the opposite.  If I'm wrong, I'd love to be corrected.
So now that Crypto threatens the end run on the 4th amendment, government cries bloody murder.  God forbid the citizenry might be allowed to protect themselves from 4th amendment circumvention.  This is raised to the point of lunacy when one considers the rationale behind limited 4th amendment protections for telephone conversations, and the almost absent protection for call setup information.
The rationale is essentially this:  One must exert a manafest expectation of privacy to claim protection under the 4th amendment.  Conveying the information to a third party, or any set of parties other than the recipiant, demonstrates a lack of manafest expectation of privacy.  In the case of call setup information, you convey, intentionally, call setup information to the phone company, and thus cannot expect it to remain Now, when cryptography changes this balance, and essentially eliminates cleanly the entire rationale behind allowing wiretaps their favorable status outside active 4th amendment protection, we ban cryptography, or limit it so severely as to put it within the same "convey the information to a third party" analysis.  (Clipper, where you "convey" your key to an escrow agent.)  SURPRISE, you have no expectation of privacy in that information.  No 4th amendment protection.
Does any of this even strike you as odd in today's world however?
I didn't think so.
Wow, all that from a few lines of original text?  (Oh well).
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-21 20:11:44
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: A Chance Encounter with Brad Templeton, of ClariNet 
Perhaps a measure of the scope of our job.  Even the computer jock is ignorant when it comes to cypher-education.
I'm not sure the ECPA provides the protection you want here.  I'll have to look again, and do not assert this as certain, because I'm only pulling of the top of my head what I remember from a quick scan of the Steve Jackson Games opinion.
Anyone want to repost it?  I recall it limited the ECPA in some interesting way, and I remember being offened, and not surprised at the narrow reading.
Thanks for the contact report!
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-21 20:13:23
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Admiral Inman 
Wow, all that from a few lines of original text?  :)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-22 00:46:09
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: A Chance Encounter with Brad Templeton, of ClariNet 
Yes, this is what I meant exactly.  I see it has less application to Mr. May's post than I thought.  I only remembered a narrow reading of interception.  Thanks for clairifying.
No no, I wanted the Jackson Opinion.  My fault for not being clear, but you cleared it up.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-26 12:17:51
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Privacy Digest - Blk Unicorn , Frissell, Sandfort 
I saved the message when I first saw it.  I'll look at it when I have the chance.  I will say that I dislike Costa Rica, if only for reasons of personal preference.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-11-30 20:03:45
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Need program pointers 
Close contact with a thermite gernade is the standard most agencies I know of follow.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-14 10:18:19
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: (fwd) I don't use PGP. (Was:I NUKED PGP.) 
Path: news1.digex.net!access1!unicorn
Newsgroups: alt.security.pgp
: >         1) Too difficult to setup for the average user.
: The "average" user of PGP is somebody who understands why they need PGP.
: I'd say almost everybody with that level of knowledge is capable of
: understanding "type randomly for a while", and the three or four standard
: options to pass to PGP for day to day use.
: >         3) I may forget to decrypt and miss an important note.
: pay attention. If you need the security...
: >         2) Requires that I exit my E-mail reader to decrypt which takes : > too much time.
: > : >         Suggestions:
: >         1) Make it operable INSIDE PINE for example.
: >         2) Put it in EUDORA or other MOSAIC/NETSCAPE browser and make it : > work AUTOMATICALLY, seemlessly, in the background.
: > : read the newsgroup for about 30 seconds before you post. A lot of people
: have put a lot of work into this sort of stuff. Some good, some not so
: good, but that is for you to evaluate.
: Bretton
I'm a Mac user.
MacPGP is a general nightmare.  For those of us who have shell accounts, it is such a annoyance as to cause me to dislike using it at all except for
the most extreme messages.
I fear I am not of the ability, or of the spare time to work on making a seamless application myself or else it surely would have been a project on the top of my list.
PGP needs to be a drop and drag application.  I want a box sitting on my desktop, a box I can drag any document to and press two buttons after a mouse click and drag and encrypt/decrypt/sign a message which can then be copy/pasted to Zterm.  Currently the only thing that nears the transparancy of this sort of thing is the bulky, annoying, poorly packaged and massively oversized, not to mention rarely working, MacPGP Kit.  It doesn't seem to work out to any time advantage when I factor in the debugging and outright code crashes into my computation.
The modular PGP project has been out there for almost a year.  Any progress on this front?  Does anyone care?
Now that some lists are beginning to delay or reject unsigned messages altogether, I would really like to be able to reply to a simple note in less than the 7 minutes it currently takes me.
This is the single most problematic hitch in PGP.  It's not easy to use, to install, or to apply.
Every move toward transparent crypto simply serves to increase user base and deter a prospective ban.  It should be in EVERYONE's interest to try and push for a easier front end, while still allowing a flexible and detailed set of advanced options for the expert user.
Curve Encrypt is a classic example of simplicty and ease.  PGP front end designers for the Mac should take its example.
-uni- (Dark)
Spelling errors disclaimed, I've been up for 30 hours.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-14 21:11:45
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: rad 
It's warm in here.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-15 20:00:32
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Remailers and Keyservers, active ones? 
Is there a list of the currently active remailers and key servers?
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-15 22:41:11
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: McCoy is Right! New Mail Format to Start Now. 
So, I'm running a Mac //cx with a shell account at the moment.  I have a lowly 14.4k connection.
What solution do you have for the user who has no direct connection to the net, has merely a modem speed bandwidth, and is in a non-isdn area?
I often need to pull large files over 3 megs into my shell account at high speeds.  (60-100 kb/sec)  Impossible with SLIP.
Are you telling me that I can do this and still have the advantage of SLIP?
Forgive my ignorance, but you'll have to enlighten me.
Same balance for me when it comes to the transfer rate.
So how much am I expected to "shell out" ?
Sorry Tim, I'm with you.  You're not alone yet.
I'll come around when I'm sure I'm not losing anything.
Convince me.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-18 02:01:23
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Automated Witchhunt:  I've been slandered by a script. 
On checking my mail early this morning I found this:
** end quotation. **
Obviously, I did not post the portion claiming to be an "automated message" and a warning to whomever will listen.  Yet, the post claims to be from me.
It seems then that someone is running a process which looks for posts to alt.2600, and then automates the above response, original post attached, to warn off system admins, fight crime, save the day, etc. etc.
Either that or Lance is bored again.
Does this disturb anyone besides me?
Most obviously, the misattributation is concerning.  Clearly the threat of misattributed automated posting is merely one more argument for digitally signing each and every message and post.
Less obvious, but perhaps more ominous is the concept itself of automated postings that amount to censorship chain letters.  "System Administrator A didn't pay attention to this message and refused to snoop into his users directories and three weeks later his system was shut down.  System Administrator B headed this letter's warning, and saved his access provider from certain doom!"  Look carefully at what this letter says, what it urges system operators to do.
1>  Because alt.2600 is occasionally used to trade pirate ftp sites, those who post to alt.2600 are probably pirates.  ergo, System Admins. should check the directory of any users who post to alt.2600.  If you don't snoop, your system will be shut down.
2>  alt.2600 is used to promote shoplifting, and irc disruption.  (No relevance is even attempted by the message on this point.)
And the purpose of the letter?
1>  To alert you that this user is probably posting from a stolen account.  That the named user is probably a security risk, a troublemaker, a political dissident, or whatever else comes to mind.
2>  "To alert you that there are crackers on your machine."  Not that there MAY BE crackers, not that crackers are known to be on alt.2600, and therefore may be on your system, but that crackers ARE ON YOUR MACHINE.  If the bald misrepresentation of this statement evades anyone who reads this, I simply give up all hope.
3>  That the post may be a violation of the access provider's membership agreement.  (As if the automated or manual sender of the message has any idea what the membership agreement of my particular provider might be)
4>  The user making this post may be preparing to break into [your machine] or another system, if they have not done so already.
5>  To suggest that system admins. "...keep a close eye on users who have posted to alt.2600, and to inspect their files and email [if it's legal]."
For those recipients of this message that do not know me, I am an attorney, a member of the D.C. bar, and a law abiding person.  The allegation that I, by replying to a message crossposted to alt.2600, am a
hacker, a cracker, a shoplifter, a vandal, or whatever other villan of the
week you might choose to insert is absurd.  The above message constitutes
slander, defamation of character, and is entirely untrue in any regard to me other than in so far as it indicates my words might have reached alt.2600 at some time or another.
The content of my original quoted message alone should indicate to any reader
how absurd the "automated posting"'s allegations are, and demonstrate the pure
uselessness of such an approach as of means of accomplishing anything more than to annoy, accuse, threaten, and waste bandwidth.
The fact that the automated posting proports to be sent from me almost makes whatever hacking I am supposed to have done seem tame.
From a legal standpoint, the automated posting is entirely lacking in any basis whatsoever for increased scrutiny of my, or any other account address which it slanders.  Directing scrutiny to accounts posting at one time or another to "questionable" newsgroups should prompt one to ask one's self about the state of free speech in cyberspace, and increasingly, in this country.  What has become of our system that discussion forums, be they on "questionable" topics or not, become probable cause for investigating system
users, or rummaging through accounts.
I hereby inform the system administrators on my provider, as well as others, that I would consider increased attention to my account, or any other based on this sham of an "automated posting," harassment, invasion without cause, a violation of several electronic privacy acts, and simple witch hunting.  Should I come by any indication that such attention is directed to my account, I shall immediately terminate my account with Express Access, and pursue what legal action is available to me to the full extent possible.
System administrators would do well to inform themselves of the requirements
for intrusion into users accounts, the protections provided those accounts
both by statute, and constitution.
hile anonymous writings, political speech and literary products have a long
and sacred history in the United States, baseless accusations leveled by
anonymous finger pointers do not.
I find the tactic and tone of this automated posting distasteful and offensive in the extreme.  I urge system admins at my, and other providers, to discourage the use of such automated witchhunts, and expose the party/parties responsible for the distribution.  I, for one, would be very interested in talking to the individual/s responsible.
-uni- (Dark)  [unicorn
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-22 19:43:02
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
As darwinian as it seems, perhaps someone should just tell the guy how to bust Norton's encryption, eh?
Since when are cypherpunks relationship counslers?
If she gets burned using norton encrypt, perhaps she'll take the time to learn about real encryption.  (I assume Norton's is trash)
Short term privacy loss perhaps, but long term gain.
If it were to be otherwise, I guess we all better stop posting crypto weaknesses at all, afterall, who knows what girlfriend will next be violated if we tell joe hacker how to break e.g., enigma.
While everyone is at it, why not just subscribe wholeheartedly to the security through obscurity doctrine...?
The more I think about the above, the more I wonder if those on the list have conflicting goals, that is, absolute privacy by agreement.  Are we really that naive?  If so, why develop crypto at all?
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-23 20:28:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
By who's standard?  Yours?
Who the hell are you to define the position of cypherpunks?
Who the hell are any of us to do this?
I guess I suffered from the silly idea that as a whole, the members of the list would not put  short term morality before the long term goal.  It seems there are those who disagree with me.  I would offer the following:  While it may be that Joe Break-Into-Girlfriend's-Files may or may not be justified, that is not ours to judge.  It is simply for the crypto non-challenged to comment on the security or lack thereof of a given system.  As soon as this list turns into a pile of bleeding heart liberals, anxious to embroil themselves in the personal matters of others, it has failed.
I cannot believe that people on this list, those who claim to be interested in the preservation of privacy, would support the proposition that knowledge about the strength or weakness of a given system should be surpressed.  What the hell is that?  I guess no one who supports this position has ANY business >WHATSOEVER< in pointing out that digital cellular has a low level of security than it is advertized as, or that Clipper is compromised.  Who the hell are you people to second guess?
Back to security through obscurity I suppose.  How typical.  What a Freedom of information, except where that information may violate principals we define, and enforce.
Strong crypto for all, except those who would use weak systems, those we will keep in ignorance, and refuse to educate in any manner.
Denouncement of insecure crypto security, unless of course, it might tend to offend someone, the definition of offense we shall, of course, define.
What a load of sanctamonous crap.
We will decide what's good for you, and what you are allowed to know.
Disgusting.  Get off this list, you belong on alt.codependency.recovery, or alt.bleeding.liberal.
I submit that the response should have been the same regardless of the nature of the material.
Which is it going to be?
Q: "How do you attack X?"
A: "Y"
Q: "How do you attack X?"
A: "Realistically X should not be attacked, because to allow the widespead lack of confidence in X will destroy society as we know it, and anyhow it's nasty."
Who are you to judge?  Take it to alt.partronizing.jerk
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-23 20:40:04
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
[Watch now how the author perverts the notion of privacy...]
And what has the author done here, but involve himself in the affairs of our poster requesting information on Norton...?  Some privacy he afforded the would be norton breaker, or even norton breaker's girlfriend.
Sure, Norton breaker should have kept his mouth shut, but a small comment at the end of a technical post detailing norton should have taken care of this.  Mind your own business next time smart guy.
How much context do you have here?
I submit again, you should just mind your own business.  I hardly accept your judgement as to when information should or should not be released.
  Jeeze - I thought a Yank would have
Not all of us are "Yanks" my friend.
Had I encrypted with Norton encrypt?  I would have been deserving of whatever attack ensued.  When the hell are people going to take responsibility for themselves.  Who are you to assume anothers responsibility for their privacy?  What will happen when your paternalistic regime is on vacation?
Let's make a government crypto subsidy eh?  Obviously people are such idiots that they all need government to supply them with crypto.  I guess you'd be the head of standards?  Deciding when and who gets which methods?
I see, and if I asked how to eavesdrop on digital cellular, your position would be that I should not know.  Obviously I intend, or could distribute such information to thousands who might violate the privacy of millions.  Funny how the general disclosure doesn't bother you, but the specific disclosure, one which affects no more than perhaps three people, I suggest you get your perspectives in order.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-23 20:45:11
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
No, but close.  If the American people accept Skipjack crypto, they deserve every bit of invasion they get for their laziness.  Educate yourself or perish.  The day of government provided intelligence should be long past.  What a crock of shit.
America, the country that is so rich, we can afford to subsidize the lazy and punish the prosperous.
(Apologies to the sig I stole that from...)
I'm quite pleased I don't have even a trace of your ideals, thank you.
Though I suppose it's typical you should think your's superior to any out there.  Sanctamonous liberal who would spend my money to educate the lazy, what else would I expect.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-24 06:22:53
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
You can only go two ways with this, either of which is self defeating.
1>  All potentially damaging information, by virtue of it's potential "wrongful use" shall be banned.
2>  All information clearly going to be used for the "wrong purposes" shall be restricted.
There is simply no other way to restrict information as you propose.
The result in 1>, I think is quite clear.
The result in 2>, requires some ONE, some GROUP to decide what is and is not A> "clearly going to be used for," B> "the wrong purposes."
Of course, now I want to know, what "objective" (read subjective to conventional wisdom) tests are going to be made to determine these criteria, who is going to make them, and who will enforce them?
You end up with either a cut throat thought police regime, or slightly less offensive paternalistic censorship.  You choose, what is it you want to have?
A> complete amorality in that everything is restricted, (which is what
restricting anything with potential harm essentially means), B> select
morality, imposed by criteria lacking any objective element, as such
criteria must always be subjective, or C> complete amorality in that
everything is allowed.
This completely evades the point.  Your question refuses to acknowledge potential differences in the application and structure of morality.
Evades the point, applies a silly analogy to Mr. Norton cracker, and then couples it with a crack about his potential age and mental facilities, a crack hardly as inappropiate as mine last night.
Unless your Christian and unmarried.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-24 06:30:08
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
I nominate this for understatement of the season.
In my view, this is absolutely so unless it is attached to censorship guised as moral correction.
As I said, a proper response should have been the technical answer, followed by sage advice about the legality, and potential moral implications of use of the information as was proposed.
It is, and for this I owe the individual and the entire list an apology.
Coupling an argument for censorship with some kind of moral judgement reacted so fouly with my concept of information freedom that I became rather enraged.  Not that this excuses my behavior of course.
Lesson learned, wait 20 minutes after composing a message before sending the final draft.
How does censorship align with this historic phrase?
Censorship based on opinion of what is and is not appropiate use?
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-24 06:34:34
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Absolutely not unless:
1>  I am paid to keep them.
2>  I am bound by an attorney-client relationship.
3>  Ignore the above two in any absolute forms.
But not for the reasons you suspect, in fact I submit the reverse is true.
Clearly the distinction between the likelyhood of someone keeping a secret and the advisibility of disclosing damaging information to anyone, trustworthy or not (or protecting it insufficently, or failing to research the methods use you to protect it), evades you.
If you cannot see that my trustworthiness, when a significantly positive variable, is not the sole consideration in deciding if you should tell me something, you're in the wrong area of speculation.
Further, if you cannot see that my hands off and nose out of where it doesn't belong position, makes me a MORE attractive individual to confide in, one less likely to turn your secrets over to the thought police, or to pass judgement based on some personal and artificial moral construct bearing only limited resemblence to any other, and being utterly unpredictable, then you're in the wrong area of speculation.
Query:  Who is likely to turn more evidence over to police in criminal 1>  "Trusted" family members.
2>  "Amoral" attornies who refuse to be blinded by conventional (read reactionary) morality?
Who do you want knowing your secrets?  (When anyone should know them at all)
-uni- (Dark)
And I would submit, you, and you alone, the individual you, have the OBLIGATION to defend yourself and your property, and the RESPONSIBILITY to defend it less the arbitrary power of the omnipotent state come in and do it for you.
-uni- (Dark) 073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-28 14:29:27
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
You realize of couse this simply applies the individuals morality to the problem.  It does not remove a subjective imposition.
Of course, I'm not going to argue that there is a duty to disclose requested information, just understand exactly what is taking place here.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-28 14:32:33
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
The problem I had was the justification of refusal to disclose in some moral argument.  Even more annoying was the poster's attempt to cast that argument as a cypherpunk position (of which there are none).
Like I said, I will be the last to argue there is any sort of duty to disclose, and the first to flame if someone justifies their refusal to disclose on anything other than an individual decision not to.
A lecture on morality accompanying a refusal to disclose is just arrogant.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-28 14:41:27
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: PSWD: "The Girlfriend's Opinion" 
Specifically?  (I'm always open to such criticisms)
I don't drink.  I do have a temper.
Of course you have a point, I did apologize to the list.
I agree.
While I appreciate your attempt to work damage control into the process, I simply cannot agree.  The withholding of information, in the cryptographic context, is simply not in any sort of alignment with my position.  Speaking of health issues is to bring the matter off point.  Crypto is such that it simply cannot advance without specific and DETAILED accounts of flaws and potential attacks.  To withhold this information on the grounds that it might be damaging is silly, and moreover, potentially catching and slippery slope like.
To withhold it on moral grounds, then to insist that it is in accordance with freedom of information and privacy concerns is to see no farther than the rims of one's glasses.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-28 14:56:40
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
I fear what you request would probably violate many laws.  Providing you with weaponry has little to do with providing you the information you might need to obtain and modify such weapons as you will need.
I will however be happy to direct you to several publications on the
manufacture and use of silencers, disposable and otherwise.  I will also, as an academic gesutre, be happy to provide you with likely sources or methods to obtain or otherwise control handguns and other such weaponry.
As for my addresses, I'm sure if you're serious about killing me and my family, you'll be able to obtain these.  Arguing that they are in the public domain, unless I have put them there, is just silly, off point and misunderstands the differences between the basic need of publication and distribution of potential weaknesses and attacks for the advancement of crypto
as a technology, and the privacy associated with the personal affairs of others.
I will advise you that I take significant personal security measures.  Feel free to test these if you like.
As long as I don't have to listen to it on a crypto mailing list, fine.
As I have stated, I will never argue a duty to disclose, only that a moral argument cast as a cypherpunks position is outrageous.
Forgive me for not adding "Or say nothing at all" to the end of my comment, I thought the readership of the list astute enough to pick up on this themselves.  It seems I was mistaken.
I argued that morality should have never entered in to the conversation.
If you want to be meta-physical, I suppose this is a "moral" position.  I'll discuss this in e-mail if you wish.
Person A requests information.
Person B says no, because the use of the information is unsound in person B's view.
Censorship?  You tell me.
It seems everyone is convinced that I was insisting on some sort of duty to disclose.  I was not, I will not.
What you do in your own home is fine.  When it comes to information about the strengths and weaknesses of crypto, a moral judgement is not required.
Personal opinion which you insisted I refrain from expressing.
I believe the word you used was "Typical"
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-28 15:06:32
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
Hey, your talking about a creature that's been in my family for generations, bub.
*Sound of hammer hitting nail on head*
Yes. (To all)
His choice of nym-name.  My hooves are tough.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1994-12-28 15:12:11
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Breaking into girlfriend's files 
A legitimate issue.  Perhaps one for e-mail?
When based on individual judgement, fine, when based and justified by some individual's concept of what cypherpunks stand for and what they should or should not be disclosing, forget it.
I am properly chastized, and will again, apologize to both the list and the individual.  (Sorry)
Looking at those words, I can't imagine what infancy prompted me to type (Sigh)  I would say black outs, but I really don't drink much.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-03 19:04:02
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Calls for Reg. [Cypherpunks=Quick&Smart] 
Let me blow all your horns.
Kudos to the exposure.
Just goes to support my theory that cypherpunks tend to be way ahead of the rest of the world in predicting political moves.
I have little doubt this one will come to a head as well.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-03 19:16:57
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: H.R.4922 
I assume you are concerned that this requires carriers to provide plaintext even if the end users are encrypting.  It really does not.
If you are simply concerned about mandated interception ability plain or cypher, it's mildly old news.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-04 10:55:56
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Siegel and Lewis 
I am also a fan.
I tend to focus on the subject matter economist prints.  I just find it more on target than most if not all of the major U.S. media sources.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-11 08:43:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Anonymous payment scheme 
Is this not essentially the same as the current pre-paid long distance
Phone cards on the market?
One would think the transition as easy for the credit card companies to make with a secured, disposable visa card.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-11 08:56:21
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Data Haven problems 
[Problems of payment schemes and lack of anonymous payment infastructure To some degree this requires the evaluation of the "authority attention" level the data haven has achieved.  If the real sensitive data is more extreme than a porn deposit, (I assume we are talking 'legal' and not kiddie porn BTW) then the spam involved will serve to properly mask, to some degree, stego'd files within the porn.  Part of a data haven, it seems to me, will be security by obscurity.  Just on the basic level that a haven with all encrypted files will be somewhat secure by obscure, in that the authority most likely to be interested in the data probably will not be attentive.  A repository holding some legitimate spam, be it porn or gifs or whatever, is unlikely to attract the level of SERIOUS attention that the sensitive data it contains may warrant.
To sum:  Spam's usefullness is a function of current authority attention, likely authority attention and authority attention the sensitive data A better policy might be to encrypt all files that are not encypted, perhaps through some key assignment system.  The spam thus adds to the total traffic analysis problem, and the security of the spam is not material.  i.e. better encrypted spam than plaintext spam.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-11 09:17:08
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Data Haven problems 
In many ways this shows how publically available porn could just pummel traffic analysis.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-12 13:03:28
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Data Havens..A consumer perspective 
As far as what...?  Data already in the haven?  Storage capacity?  Speed of link?
Does this include on old style magnetic reel to reel?  Clearly there has to be some simplicity of submission.  I would further submit than many "consumers" will not want to store plaintext data, and thus "any way you wish to get it." quickly becomes unacceptable.
Again, does this include storing it in a /pub/ dir on an ftp site in plaintext?  No, there must be a clear stated policy of the site operator's method of storage.
This ignores jurisdictional concerns that may have significant, even severe impact.
What kind of money?  Digital postage?  New currency?  DM? $?
This toois s is a simplistic representation of the real concern.
I assume you mean day to day cost, not rates by data age?
Though this brings up a interesting point, what would be the incentives served and created by charging on a phase in scale?  i.e., what would be the result if a DH were to charge $ .05 a day for data that had been in the DH for over a month, and $ .09 a day for data over a year?  It would at the very least, increase traffic as old data was taken out and put back in to avoid the steped up "latency" charge.  If all the data was encrypted, would this help deter traffic analysis by imposing "productless" transactions resulting in no net change in the DH's holdings?
And not its ability to be directed to specific parties, rather than the public at large?  And not its ability to avoid traffic analysis?  And not its ability to be multi or non-jurisdictonal?
I've lost several coats this way.
Why insist on this simplicity.  Why not store it on your own machine if these are your only requirements?
This was to be from a consumers's prespective I thought.  In any event, this ignores the possibility of court ordered disclosure, availability to third and fourth parties, and traffic analysis concerns.
What you are talking about has little if anything to do with "Data Havens" you're just selling storage space.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-16 15:06:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
Properly formatted, a dispersed multijurisdictional data haven can effectively say "Who cares" to the entirety of your point.
A data haven that mandates encryption for all incoming data will be essentially immune from this sort of problem.  The real measure of shutdown will be (on non-privately owned sites) the level of traffic that begins to interefere with other functions of the site.
Data havens that can split data to two or more locations in seperate jurisdictions can effectively ignore attention from authorities not related to the site management or site preformance.  Encryption mandated sites can also take this stance, while encryption is legal in any event.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-17 12:39:06
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
This was essentially my point, phrased much more precisely.
I believe this has been suggested, even discussed at length before on the Just from a structure standpoint, the haven could segment the data, use some sort of encryption, and then send an encrypted message containing the "resegmenting key."
Theoretically the haven would destroy the resegmenting key after generating it and sending it, leaving the original sender with the only Trust in the data haven operator is bolstered by his or her interest in not knowing the contents of the data, or the retrevial key for the data, less he or she be vulnerable to authority scrutiny.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-17 12:49:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Another problem w/Data Havens... 
I found this very insightful.  All the more reason to mandate encryption, or to encrypt all plaintext on arrival.
I like the pure elegance of this solution.
Are there implemented DH codes running around anywhere?
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-01-19 16:56:32
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Does encrypted equal safe? 
I must disagree.
This hinges on the REASON for encrypting the data.  In my model, data that arrives at the haven unencrypted is unwelcome, and is encrypted to be used as traffic "noise," not for security.  Any unencrypted data is undesireable, it opening the door to kiddieporn by mail tactics.  (Government sends user A kiddie porn, then arrests user A for kiddie porn An automatic encryption of all unencrypted data, the key to which is randomly generated and destroyed, allows the traffic to foil analysis, while prevents the operator from being subjected to plant frames.
Decrypt on arrival is hardly defenseable in this context of course.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-02-02 17:00:14
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: "bad" government 
Yes, orginization by choice, not by design.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-02-08 18:50:54
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
As I understand the bill,(Though I didn't know it was up for passge...)
 this is merely a restatement of the current judicial doctrine which prevents officers acting in good faith from being hindered by an illegally issued warrant.  In essence the concept is that the 4th ammendment is intended to deter police misconduct by kicking out evidence gathered illegally.  Once a judge issues a warrant, and assuming it is issued illegally, but with no knowledge by the officers who execute the search, there is no longer any deterant value in supressing the evidence and as such it would be "counterproductive" to bar it from presentment.
This isn't really passage of "new" law, but legislative clairification of current judicial doctrine.  If there is enough interest, I would be happy to post cites to the key cases establishing the "good faith" exception to -uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-02-08 18:53:14
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
This would amuse me, as the spoofer would have, in trying to come up with an intimidating law that would result in public outrage, instead hit upon the current doctrine.
Truth stranger than fiction?
I do seem, however, to recall some mention of legislative clairification of the doctrine, so I suspect it to be legitimate.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-02-08 18:58:03
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Not necessarily crypto but scary anyway... 
Again, if the judge issues the warrant, the damage is done, exclusion is pointless.  The concept that police should be expected to know the law is apparently, silly.  I suppose you don't want police "second guessing" judges, but personally I wouldn't mind the implications.
The review process allows the warrant to be overturned and the evidence excluded if the issuing judge's basis for signing the warrant is "clearly erronious"  (from memory.)  Where there is good faith involved by all the parties however....
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-02-09 17:58:22
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: So, what's it all about? 
Only to totalatarian dictator types who want to control the flow and access to information.
Did he cite reasons for our scaryness or just slander us generally?
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-02-09 22:28:29
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: The question is moot: (Was: Not crypto, but scary.) 
With all the gafawing about the bill (666) which just flew by, and the "Dem's" running off about how the constitution is being dismantled, I thought I would cite some case law.
I direct your attention to _United States v. Leon_, 468 U.S. 897 (1984).
Justice White:
This case presents the question whether the Fourth Ammendment exclusionary rule should be modified so as not to bar the use in the prosecution's case-in-chief of evidence obtained by officers acting in reasonable reliance on a search warrant issued by a detached and neutral magistrate but ultimately found to be unsupported by probable cause.
The Fourth Amendment contains no provision expressly precluding the use of evidence obtained by violation if its commands, and an examination of its orgin and purposes makes clear that the use of fruits of a past unlawful search or seizure "work[s] no new Fourth Amendment wrong."  The wrong condemned by the Amendment is "fully accomplished" by the unlawful search or seizure itself, and the exclusionary rule is neither intended nor able to "cure the invasion of the defendant's rights which he has already suffered."  The rule thus operates as "a judicially created remedy designed to safeguard Fourth Amendment rights generally through its deterrant effect, rahter than a personal constitutional right of the person aggrieved."
First, the exclusionary rule is designed to deter police misconduct rather than to punish the errors of judges and magistrates.  Second, there exists no evidence suggesting that judges and magistrates are inclined to ignore or subvert the Fourth Amendment or that lawlessness among these actors requires application of the extreme sanction of exclusion.
[The exclusionary rule cannot be expected to deter objectively reasonable law enforcement activity...]
This is particularly true, we believe, when an officer acting with objective
good faith has obtained a search warrant from a judge or magistrate and acted
within its scope.  In most such cases, there is no police illegality and this
nothing to deter. It is the magistrate's responsibility to determine whether
the officer's allegations estlablish probable cause and, if so, to issue a
warrant comporting in form with the requirements of the Fourth Amendment.
In the ordinary case, an officer cannot be expected to question the
magistrate's probable-cause determination or his judgement that the form of
the warrant is technically sufficent.  "[O]nce the warrant issues, there is literally nothing more the policeman can do in seeking to comply with the law."  Penalizing the officer for the magistrate's error, rather than his own, cannot logically contribute to the deterrence of Fourth Amendment The bill is really just a restatement.  This has been the state of the law for 11 years now.
If the bill fails, the essence of the doctrine that everyone is concerned about stands in any event.
The question is moot.
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-02-12 22:09:52
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: The NSA (Was Re: Factoring - State of the Art and Predictions ) 
What your talking about here is a cypherpunks intelligence capability.
If you think we are thought of as subversive and distasteful now, just wait to see what happens if anyone on the list outs the kind of information your talking about about e.g., the NSA or the Justice Department.
Were this a private, closely held group instead of a public mailing list, you might have a different story.
There is a internet lore that says the more valuable and insightful a given article is, the less response it gets.
I hope this is right, as most of mine tend to be ignored.
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-02-13 15:21:09
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: No Subject 
Has anyone checked into the software package "CryptDisk" for the Macintosh?  It seems to be the Macintosh compliment to SecureDrive, but one must register and drop an extra $20 for the source code.
I don't want to get into the issue of copyright and such, only the question of how much public scrutiny the source code for this application has seen.
Anyone taken a peek?
-uni- (Dark)
073BB885A786F666 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
6E6D4506F6EDBC17 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!

@_date: 1995-07-12 08:34:40
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: NSA, Random Number Generation, Soviet Codes, Prohibition of Crypto 
** How a conservative learned to like NPR -
Listening to Public Radio this morning I caught a story about the NSA's recent release, or pending release of some 2000 - 2200 documents bearing decoded Soviet communications.  These were the result of a long running communications and signals intelligence program conducted by the U.S., and thus, by the NSA and it's predecessors.  Some of the documents to be released include communications quite damaging to the Rosenbergs, who were executed for espionage and selling U.S. atomic "secrets" to the Soviets.  This is, in fact, the key attraction in the documents.
More interesting than all this was the discussion with the deputy director of the NSA in which he described the communications collections program which continued from the 1950's all the way into the 1980's.  What interested me most, aside the fact that the NSA was speaking so candidly, and in my opinion foolishly so, about the program (even given their new public relations awareness) was a brief discussion of what methods were used in cracking the Soviet code.
While it was not defined specifically, it was suggested that the majority of the messages were communications between the embassies and Moscow.  As a result, the procedural and cryptologic algorithm was likely very entrenched as a method, and lacked variation because of the massive coordination required to switch methods in embassy to home country secure communications.  While I do not know how much was puffing, I suspect that it is safe to say that the basic method the Soviets were using looked something like Plaintext -> Codebook number substitution pass -> One time pad The most difficult, and in the words of the deputy director, "remarkable" task was, of course, attacking the last layer in the encryption, and the first layer in the decryption process, the random series on the one time pad, which, in the words of the public spook, "was not so random after all."  The fixed codebook substitution perhaps had a high overhead in the initial computation, but once analyzed the first time the entire cipher is a wash until a new codebook or random number generation method is ** "Captain, the energy is structured in a pattern I have never      before encountered." -
So what does this little disclosure tell us about NSA Most obviously that they have extremely sophisticated "random" number analysis abilities.  1950-1980 is a long time to practice, and develop specialized hardware for this purpose.  The discussion of the value of specialized hardware gains having been applied on this list to RC4 analysis, its value is still somewhat of a mystery to me with reference to random number analysis.
In any event, it is safe to assume that the NSA has a very large section dedicated to this entire pursuit, and moreover, that the Soviets probably were not "petty" random number generators.  Perhaps laziness got the best of them, but I am inclined to think they conducted this program, at least at first, like any other massive communist "for the glory of the state" program--  i.e., with crippling dedication.
To me this prompts the questions: How random is random, and how random is "cryptographically random?"
I don't know much about the mechanics of cryptographically strong random number generation, but considering the enormous effort the NSA has put into the analysis of same, I suspect it is in everyone's best interest to know more.
Consider:  Now that the NSA has gone public with the program one must believe this prima facie evidence that the program is no longer of use against the Soviets.  I suspect that a lot of dedicated hardware, already paid for, is probably sitting about looking for a use.  "Hey Louie Freeh, any idea what we can do with all this idle equipment?"
So for the cypherpunks, my first suggestion is a long look at exactly how strong the "cryptographically strong" random numbers might be.  Certainly we are not random number ignorant, but how random number savvy are we?
Perhaps someone with the equipment and the computer time might conduct a bit of an experiment.  Maybe lifting the random number generators from common cryptographic applications like CryptDisk Curve Encrypt, PGP, Secure Device, and taking a massive sample to identify trends in the "random" data might be a good idea.
Even those processes that employ some physical component might have some trends that could fall into patterns.  Even with hard hashes of random seeds, could seed patterns create patterns in the actual random data?  I must suspect so.
Perhaps a piece of code which could be distributed far and wide to 'punks and others which might generate random data on different machines with different hardware and different users and generate an export file to be submitted to a Web Page or something.  We've seen the tremendous value Web Pages have in bringing users together to contribute processor time for the RC4 project, what about random number generation time?
One of the first attacks on short-wave radio "number stations" (for the uninitiated, most are based in South America and read off long sets of code numbers, usually in Spanish) was with the assumption that a one time pad had been used.  The result?  An analyst determined that the "random" numbers for several stations were one time padded with "random" poundings on an old typewriter.  Even if not broken, this immediately identified several stations as related by the use of the same one time pad generation method (which is sensitive enough that unrelated stations are quite unlikely to have been privy to the method) and thus provided tremendous traffic analysis information.  What does our random data tell the world about us?
Could not the bits in PGP keystroke timing subroutines fall into a subtle pattern?  Enough of one to make someone's job a lot easier?  When you whirl that mouse around the screen to generate random numbers for CryptDisk, do you start with a counter clockwise circle?  If you're right handed you're likely to.
In the scheme of things, these might be pretty good clues to someone who does nothing but random analysis all day long in a cubical with a frighteningly quick piece of specialized hardware in the next room.
** "He's in a tough position.  If he announces he's running,
     everything becomes a political move, if he announces he
     isn't, his administration becomes a lame duck effort.
     Perhaps he should say nothing" -
My estimation of the NSA's new public image, which amazed me at first, prompted me to suggest that the bulk of the hyper-sensitive work done there has already been moved to another outfit.  To go from "No Such Agency" to a politicized and highly public organization with a public relations department and press releases in just under 30 years is a dramatic change for a secret agency.
In many ways it is not a poor move.  The agency has grown quite large, and it has become impossible to hide.  In addition, the public is much more likely to be receptive to an agency which appears-- in public-- to have some worth.  Cryptography is a complex concept, enigmatic at best for the general public.  The public relates much better to the capture of spies and the foiling of the Soviet Union than to an agency which is too secret to Public opinion tilting to the NSA might be a bad thing for Cypherpunks.  When the NSA says key forfeiture is required, the public is much more likely to swallow the pill from an agency that uncovers traitors, protects our national interest, and has a cool museum that you can visit to boot.
Mr. Young rightly pointed out on this list that part of the coin the intelligence community sells, the demand for which moves novels by the millions, is the feeling of inclusion in a select group, a shared secret.  How elegant the way the National Cryptological museum was opened.  No fanfare, no publicity, no invitations, just there to be discovered at first, like a little secret.  Stuck in an old motel, barely visible from Route 32, dwarfed by the massive NSA complex.  Talk about public relations coup.  Classic intelligence, release what is worthless or nearly worthless, create the impression it is rare, make cursory efforts to obscure it- efforts you know will eventually fail, and you have created something coveted.  Wait a while, and then when it has been discovered, uncovered, publicized, put out a brown and white sign:  "National Cryptologic Museum."  What does DeBeers do any So the NSA has become a political tool.  A mouthpiece, and in a subtle way, a propaganda machine.  (Just keep the lead counsel out of the public eye guys.  He keeps screwing things up.  Do a Stephenopolis or Hillary Clinton on him.  Time for him to go behind the scenes).
We've long been predicting the clash between crypto and government, I doubt government sees it much differently, though perhaps through the foggy lenses of a entity used to getting its way through coercion.  I suspect they are likely to do themselves major damage with simple hubris.
Still, the signs are out there.  They are more and more public every day.  I think cryptography scares the administration.  It certainly scares the FBI.
So I ask some of the same questions I asked here a few months ago.
Where are the stealth PGP hacks?
Where are the more subtle stego programs?
Why aren't there totally transparent strong crypto programs which
   don't advertise the recipient right in the header?
Why isn't crypto prepared to weather the storm of a outright ban?
Sure, fight on the side of keeping crypto legal, but prepare for the worst.
The fact that everyone and their mother drank didn't keep prohibition from being initially passed.  How is it people think it will be the sure fire crypto ban deterrent?
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-07-13 05:58:34
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: LOU_nex 
Lemme guess, suspended to the Bahamas while the promotion committee meets.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-07-13 07:18:45
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Anti-Electronic Racketeering Act of 1995 (fwd) 
We need stealth encryption.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-07-14 14:44:19
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Eudora MacPGP Woes 
Now that I have begun using the PGPkit versions of the scripts, all is well.  No idea what caused the headache.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-07-24 06:37:24
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CALLER ID AVOIDANCE 
If one can afford it, I suggest chaining through There was some talk of one or the other of these services halting access to other 1-900 numbers.  Haven't used it recently enough to know if it still works.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-07-24 06:58:37
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CALLER ID AVOIDANCE 
You could at one time.  It was great fun.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-07-24 07:01:01
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CALLER ID AVOIDANCE 
I just tried both ways, can't anymore.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-09 16:06:07
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Bank Fees and E-Cash 
- - - Bank Fees and the E-cash Niche.
Banks have gorged themselves on rocketing fees for the last five years.  The result is that typical bank customer currently pays 150% of the amount of interest collected on accounts in a given year in the form of fees.  My prediction, and my hope, is that e-
cash will cut through the pretense upon which the rationalization of many of these fees is based, and even market itself on this point- Lower Fees.
- - - New Fee Schemes
"Overdraft Assistance" and the Myth That Only Irresponsible Bank Customers Bounce Checks or Overdraft.
Banks have begun to implement policies intended to help the customer overdraft.  They may, for example, cash the largest checks first such than an overdraft will hit with several small checks rather than one or two large ones causing multiple overdraft fees.  Banks have begun to routinely delay crediting checks for 48 and 72 hours, and out of state checks for anywhere from 3-14 business days.  ATM cash deposits are typically subject to 24-48 hours delay.
The "Unofficial Credit."
Many times the delays in crediting various transactions are hidden by the "unofficial credit."  Most noticeable in ATM deposits, a credit is given but should demands on the account draw into the "unofficial credit" an overdraft will be posted on the rationale that an "official credit" has not yet been posted and the funds are thus not "officially" available, this despite the fact that the funds will appear available to ATM balance requests and statements.  Of course the bank will profit from the "unofficial credit" to "official credit" interest float regardless of what overdraft fees might be charged.
The "wire credit" and "official wire credit" are another example.  Banks receive a wire transfer on Monday, send a "electronic payment advice" the same day, but post the credit to the account "officially" on Tuesday.  The original intent is for the bank to be able to take advantage of the interest "float" between the receipt of funds and its credit to the account.  The result is an additional overdraft potential.
The Separate Wire Office Hours.
Often times the bank's "wire" office will close hours before the branch closes.  Wires received some hours before closing on Friday will not be credited until the following Monday.
The ATM Processing Time Table.
Many bank only begin processing ATM deposit transactions an hour before closing, crediting only as many deposits as can be processed in this time, the remainder are not processed until the next morning.  ATM debits are, of course, processed all day.
Check Processing Time Table.
In a given day, debit checks are processed on an account before deposit checks are processed.  Obviously, an account that overdrafts overdrafts only because of the order in which checks are processed.
- - - The Created Convenience Fee
A great many bank fees fall into what I call "created convenience fees."  Really created convenience fees resemble airport customs bribes in third world countries.  The customs officer makes what should be an easy passage terribly difficult, then demands a "fee" to make travel as easy as it should have been to begin with.  The net effect is for the traveler to pay to dispense with a problem created by the party receiving the fee.
Nigeria is a prime example.  Upon arrival the average traveler will find him or herself embroiled with licensing deficiencies, visa fees, entry fees, the threat of quarantine, seizure of expensive equipment for "inspection" and other such invented requirements.  Some hours into the "negotiations" the customs official will offer to "overlook" these transgressions for a "fee."  This is a created convenience fee.
Banks fall into this category by such programs as "overdraft insurance" whereby banks enact policies which, as we have seen, make it painfully easy to overdraft and then charge a monthly fee to avoid the overdraft charges.
- - - The Result
Bob is a sort of combination of my own experience and discussions with other bank customers in D.C.
Bob has an account in Washington, D.C. with $1500.00 in it.
Bob Receives a wire at 3pm Friday for $1700.00
Bob writes five checks on Friday, one for $1400.00, one for
  $200.00, one for $150.00 and two for $100.00.  Totaling
  $1950.00.
Bob deposits 4 checks totaling $2000.00 in the night depository
  Saturday.
Bob deposits $50.00 in cash in an ATM on Saturday Night.
Bob checks his ATM balance ($3250.00) and withdraws $50.00 from an
  ATM on Sunday Morning.
Bob's wire arrives after the wire office has closed for the day -   an "unofficial credit" is posted Friday before closing anyhow.
Bob's bank processes the $1400.00 check first, leaving Bob's
  account with an "official" $100.00 and $1700.00 in "unofficial
  funds."
Bob's bank processes the $200.00 check, notes a $100.00 overdraft,
  charges $25.00 for this check, refuses payment on the remaining
  three checks and drops a $25.00 overdraft fee plus a $10.00 "bad
  check" fee for each.  Total charges:  $130.00
Bob's bank processes the $50.00 ATM withdrawal, which overdrafts.
  $25.00 fee is posted.  Total fees so far:  $155.00.
Bob's balance for the majority of Monday:  -$255.00.
Bob's bank begins to process deposits, notes all the checks for
  deposit, $1000.00 of which are out of state.  No checks are
  credited.
Bob's bank notes the ATM transaction at the end of the day on
  Monday, but does not credit it immediately despite the fact that
  it is cash.
Bob's bank credits the ATM deposit to Bob's account on Tuesday.
Bob's balance is now -$205.00  Middle of the day Tuesday, Bob's
  account has been below its required minimum $500 balance for 24   hours.  A $50.00 fee is charged.  End of the day Bob's wire is   "officially" credited - a $10.00 fee is charged for receiving   the wire. (No, I'm not kidding)
Bob's bank credits the $1000.00 of in state checks on Wednesday
Finally, on Friday, Bob's out of state checks are deposited.
Bob will likely be liable for $50.00-$75.00 fees for each of his bounced checks as vendors will probably charge hefty fees.
Telecheck will have Bob on the 10 most wanted list for $350.00 in bounced checks.  Bob's check writing ability is about nil in D.C. for the month it will take him to clear it up.
Bob gets a mailing a week later telling him of the advantages of his bank's newest "overdraft insurance" program.  $150 a year.
Bob, for what would literally be a series of very responsible transactions, is looking at over $215.00 in bank fees, and at least $150 in bounced check fees from vendors because of violation of technical rules the bank has designed to cause fees to be - - - E-Cash
I cannot believe that e-cash won't be able to solve some of these problems, and I hope it will limit its own fees to usage.  To me this is a classic argument for small house e-cash shops.  Citibank and Mastercard are going to fight for their fees.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-09 21:54:06
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: NSA, NRO, and Keeping Secrets 
Then there are the e-systems like companies, operating in the U.S., often conducting operations under the guise of corporations yet ducking below the umbrella of "classified information" at the first sign of a suit.  Yet, the employees walk about armed and turn up with bugging equipment in drug trafficker's neighborhoods.  e-systems is just the latest to be under public scrutiny.
Is it any wonder the government has begun to lean heavily on corporations where traditional institutional secrecy has been circumvented by FOIA and Hell, e-systems is publically traded, dekalg has been talking about initial public offerings for months.
There is perhaps more protection in the corporation of former intelligence types than in any agency.
I commented before that NRO and NSA were public relations savvy now because most of the deeply hidden projects had found their way elsewhere.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-09 23:20:26
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Sat phone permit "wire"taps 
What the walkers really gave over was the ability to decode U.S. Naval and some diplomatic ciphers through the surrender of codebooks, procedures, keycards and repair manuals for the crypto hardware.  The resulting traffic and crypto analysis was backbreaking- and valuable enough to make Walker Sr. the best paid spy to that date in the Soviet scheme of things.
Sov's discovered their traffic was being read on the Ivy line by listening to naval and diplomatic communication referencing it directly- and a little bit of selective transmission to confirm the source of intelligence.  (The U.S. played a similar trick on the Japanese to verify Midway as their target in the Pacific- they were reading Purple and the JN-12 and JN series flawlessly at the time)
Sov's discovered their subs were being tracked with amazing ease by listening to U.S. Naval anti-sub communications and reports.  The result:  Directed attention to the noise emmisions of their sub fleet, something they might have overlooked for years otherwise.
The grand result:  Among others: Stronger Soviet Encryption, and the purchase from Japan of high precision milling equipment which allowed the
Sov's to produce perfected and hyper quiet propellers for their subs- they
jumped 10 years in technology in 12 months.
The most damaging and most coveted espionage information is cryptanalysis.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-11 00:16:38
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: PERRY METZGER: YOUR MOMMY IS CALLING YOU HOME 
As do I.
Certainly he bridges the suit/anarchist gap better than anyone else on the list I can think of for the moment.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-11 00:19:25
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: PERRY METZGER: YOUR MOMMY IS CALLING YOU HOME 
Of course it's hard to substantiate who he is when he becomes a tenticle Ah the lovely justice irony serves up like a cold platter of salmon.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-28 14:50:24
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: No Subject 
It's been far too long since I cleaned up the namespace clutter on
alpha.c2.org.  So I have deleted all reply blocks which point to
remailer remailer usura
myriad, wmono, desert, nately, and all the other dead remailers I could
think of.  I did this with a grep/awk script, so I hope it didn't maul
any valid addresses.  There are probably still a lot more dead addresses,
but hopefully this cleans up the namespace somewhat.
THE FOLLOWING HAVE BEEN DELETED:
Uh oh!  :)
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-29 11:43:22
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Florida Drivers Permits 
Or of Mel Gibson.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-30 11:56:15
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA & Espionage 
I've been told the same thing.  Moreover, I believe the quotation, not because of the source of confirmation, but because it fits right into the direction most of the intelligence agencies have been taking since the revelation that the French had won out a multi-billion $ contract for air traffic control because the French service had, through various espionage methods, determined the U.S. bidding position and such.
Sorry I can't give attributation for the confirmation.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-30 11:58:37
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA & Espionage 
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-30 20:08:12
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: CIA & Espionage 
The french are particularly nortorious for this.
Question:  How many pounds of explosive were put in the Citreon which leveled the embassy in a massive explosion?
Answer: Zero.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-30 20:13:07
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: NIST Key Escrow meeting 
I will attempt to attend, but I will not be speaking, sorry.
At the least, if I can make it, I will try to post a summary.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-08-31 01:55:07
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Economic Espionage? 
Primary task is indeed a bit of a stretch, but published and unpublished sources are floating about that it has become more of a focus.  You don't need an insider tip for that.
I've seen now three clippings posted or mentioned on the list.  Two with quotes.  This is hardly new.  It's been done and accepted in the intelligence community for quite some time.  It's getting press because it's new and trendy- and to some degree because there's an increased emphasis in the last few years.
A formal policy has exisited at CIA for over 2 years (I don't know how much over 2 years) now to collect industrial espionage and there is even a
desk which co-ordinates it.  I'll send you (in private e-mail) a name of an
attorney at CIA who will probably talk with you about the subject.  He's about
as open as CIA gets.
 The U.S., with generally
C'mon Mr. May.  We both know that that's hardly a hard decision.  Ford has been so cooperative with our endeavors of late, they will get the information way before GM will.
Seriously, what makes you think this is any less a political decision than the question of who to spy on?  You can't honestly believe that CIA or any other intelligence agency cares much about the equity of giving information to some parties and not others?  The information will go to who is currently on the "in" list, and those who are unlikely to spread the source of the sudden rash of contract bid victories.  Large U.S. corporations would do well to try to align themselves with the intelligence communities if they do much bidding against foreign firms.  Try talking to the business intelligence people (who regularly debrief U.S. businessmen returning for foreign countries on a volunteer basis.)
If you play it right, my attorney friend will probably tell you a bit about the program.  Of course, I would appreciate it if you failed to mention me, though I doubt he'd know who "Black Unicorn" was anyhow.  (Justification for pseudonyms 'punks)
Depends on:
1. The amount of espionage activity in a given country.
2. The amount of cooperation between CIA and the company in question.
Mostly because the NSA's primary goal is large scale sigint and cryptography and these are less useful than humint in industrial espionage. C'mon Mr. May, this is basic divide and deny / plausible deniability here.  Since the NSA doesn't make it a central task, none of the intelligence agencies do?
(I'm constructing humint to include installing a tap on a single phone outside the negotiating room and such.)  These are not tasks for the NSA but
for an agency with extensive field operatives and flexibility, which the NSA lacks.  Also note that the NSA is so heavily geared for diplomatic I think this list sufferes a great deal from its arrogance in assuming the NSA is really as interested in U.S. citizens as the list would
like to suppose.  NSA makes a wonderful threat model, but like all good threat
models, it is at the extreme to very extreme end.  Does the NSA cooperate with federal law enforcement and other domestic activites?   Sure.  Is it more than a side project here and there - not really.  Does it care much about Industrial Espionage?  Not unless the CIA asks for sigint on industrial targets.
I won't, but they seem to have thrown you for a loop through a combination of an over-estimation on your part of their function and an over-extending of the reach of their denial.
You've been looking too early, and when you've looked early, you've looked for too big.  When was the last intelligence SUCCESS you have read about?  They don't do everything wrong.  In any event, no one thought it was a good idea (on a major scale anyhow) up to a pair of years ago
or so.  Bush proposed it at one time casually and was delt a backhand rather quickly.  I remember an article in the NYT about it written back just before he left CIA.  Of course this really meant that they had been doing
more and more of it and were looking to cover even more significant activities.  Japan was the trendy target then.
I suggest you concentrate your interest on the business intelligence program which has been talking to U.S. businessmen who travel abroad for some 10 years, and really uped the ante these last two.  Look also at documents listed in "Former Secrets:  Government Records Made Public Through the Freedom of Information Act."  (E. Hendricks)  or "Center for National Security Studies, From Official Files: Abstracts of Documents on National Security and Civil Liberties."  A great resource is also the National Security Archive in Washington, D.C.  (Scott Armstrong of the Washington Post is a co-founder)
The sugar industry is another nice place to take a look.
Ask yourself which companies have close relations with the CIA in IBM. (duh)
AT&T.  (Check the connection with the recently floundering Mexician Telecom companies).  See _U.S. v. Americian Telephone and Telegraph Co._,
551 F.2d 384 (1976);  _U.S. v. (AT&T)_, 567 F.2d 121 (1977) for a nice idea
of the long term relationship between AT&T and CIA. e-systems wins contracts all the time.  Look there.  They're publicly held, ask for a prospectus and see what public foreign contracts they've announced of late.  There's your starting list of past industrial espionage It's not all that hard.  95% of intelligence information is available publicly, and maybe 10% of it is available in the newspapers.  00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-03 14:40:59
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: NIST attendee list 
Luckily I've accounted for this.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-03 18:19:37
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
Give this man a prize.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-04 14:14:41
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: e$: More fun with cash: Senate Bill 307 
Actually it was aimed at the rumors that Iran had been printing U.S. currency on a large scale and using it abroad.  When I say Iran, I mean a government backed program.  New York Times had an article on the matter last year.  With enough interest I will try to Lexis/Nexus it.
While there was some evidence that Iran had indeed been forging notes, the extent was unclear/minimal.  Of course, with this kind of rumor there is the issue of confidence in the currency as well as actual threat.
The first response was the inset of the polyester and foil thread in the bills (and NO they can't detect quantity as you go through airport sensors, and don't ask me again).  The foreign traveller will notice the serious scrutiny all U.S. bills abroad will receive, particular attention paid to the presence of the strip.  Many foreign shops will not take U.S. bills which are older and have no strip as a result.
This new plan, which is total lunacy of course, and which I expect to fail, but the real zap is on anyone with a spare million in counterfeit or undeclared I might add, try being a tourist in Estonia and presenting U.S. bills that are no good in the U.S.  You'll be about as popular as someone in the Midwest with Canadian bills.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-04 14:36:54
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Emergency File Wipe Algorithim 
Why would you even ask this question?  If the odds are > 0 (which they are) they are too high as the solution is simple.
A screensaver which shuts down the system entirely if anything but "}" is If any key but the secret one is pressed by an excited agent, the ramdisk is gone.  If the computer is simply powered down, the ramdisk is gone.
I suggest, rather than a ramdisk however, an encrypted partition al la CryptDisk or Secure(Drive? Device?).
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-04 15:48:00
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: e$: More fun with cash: Senate Bill 307 
I've not heard anything about this.  Any sources?
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-04 20:44:48
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Forgery, bills, and the Four Horsemen  (Articles and Comment) 
I have received a pile of requests for citations
Here are segments of a few.  As I typed them all by hand, errors are likely to be mine.
My comments follow the articles, so you can stop reading just before them :)
 San Francisco Examiner
March 7, 1995  - Tuesday
Global Counterfeiting traced to Tehran
For the past five years, so called superbills, crisp $100 Federal Reserve Notes, so perfectly forged that they might be fresh off U.S. government printing presses, have been flooding banks and money markets around the world.  The total amount currently in circulation is believe to be $10 Billion or more.
Currency officials alarmed.
Alarmed Treasury and Federal Reserve Board officials fear the increasing number of such superbills has shaken international confidence in America's currency.
From the moment the new superbills surfaced in 1989, it was clear to the secret service... that these were no ordinary forgeries.  Under microscopic examination, they showed only infinitesimal differences from legitimate notes.  Most significant, the counterfeits had been printed on presses virtually identical to those used at the Bureau of Engraving and Printing.
Secret service investigators concentrated on those nations that had acquired the same kind of intagilo presses.  Only two companies sold them on the international market.  One was a U.S. company, none of whose overseas customers was considered suspect.  The second was a Swiss company, De La Rue Giori.
Evidence pointed to Iran
By the end of 1991, investigators had eliminated all but one of Giori's clients: the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Intelligence agencies uncovered evidence that Iran was not only mass-producing the notes, but had built a world-wide distribution network.  Key transshipment points had been established in Lebanon, Syria, Sudan, and North Korea.
Ronald de Valderano of Britain's Research Foundation for the Study of Terrorism says practically every Iranian-backed terrorist cell in the world is at least partially supported by the forgeries.  The notes most often are used to buy arms or pay operating expenses or are sold on the currency black markets for legal cash.  Indeed, when FBI agents searched the residence of suspects arrested for the bombing of New York's World Trade center, they found $20,000 of the forgeries.
Critics have for years urged that U.S. currency be better protected against such onslaughts.  Last July, the treasury finally announced that changed were planned for U.S. currency, including covert security features.
 Independent
June 19, 1995 - Monday
'Perfect dollar forgeries flood Middle East; The Israeli and Iranian governments top the list of suspects behind the faultless $100 bills.
Robert Fisk
The Lebanese know how to spot a fake.  Fake weapons, fake perfumes, fake diplomatic consuls, fake money.  But the latest US $100 bills are a near perfect forgeries as they have seen, many of them accepted happily by Beirut's notoriously suspicious money The bills, dated 1988 but probably forged in Lebanon in the following two years - the last two years of the civil war - are still arriving at the Allied Business Bank at the rate of one a month, often brought in from Cyprus or other Middle East states by Arab clients unaware that they are forged.
[Laws of most middle eastern countries make perfect forgeries a capital crime]
"Anyone who makes a 'perfect' dollar bill out here is going to get strung up if he's caught," another bank official said.  "So the guys who're going to make a perfect note, without any mistakes, are working for a government who will protect them.  So a government must be involved, the intelligence services, ministries, the lot."
A senior bank official in Lebanon believed that Iran or Israel might be responsible.  "When you're producing this kind of high-
tech stuff, it's got to have official backing," he said.  "If you're spending this kind of money on a 'perfect' forgery, it's for big business - for political parties, arms purchases, for paying militias."
He repeated a rumour believed by several other banking officials in Lebanon - that the "perfect" dollars might be coming off counterfeit presses and dollar plates taken into Afghanistan by the Soviet intelligence service during the Soviet occupation; Afghanistan is now divided among militias respectively funded by Saudi Arabia and Iran.
"The security thread is the reason why we are alarmed," the senior Lebanese bank official said of the new forgeries.  "It's not easy to get the thread in.  You put in the thread when you produce the note - it's not printed on, it's embedded in the paper.  And it's a real security thread.
"We suspect they're being exported to a variety of places: to the US, to the former Soviet Union...."
Other bank officials suspect Iran... and suggest that Tehran has used fake currency bills to fund the Hizbollah, Hamas and other armed groups which are opposed to Israeli occupation.
 Washington Post
May 05, 1995 - Friday, Final edition
Bogus Bills?;  Rumors Persist That Iran Is Counterfeiting U.S. Currency to Sabotage the Economy.
Thomas. W. Lippman
The allegation that Iran is waging economic warfare against the United States by printing and distributing millions of dollars in phony U.S. currency has been circulating on Capitol Hill at least since 1992, when it was made by a House Republican Task Force on Terrorism and Unconventional Warfare.
It might even be true or partly true, according to some sources.  There is a problem with counterfeit greenbacks around the world, these sources said.  It's just not clear that Iran is responsible for it.
The question arose again Tuesday when the irrepressible Rep. Dana Rohrabacher (R-Calif.) asked Assistant Secretary of State Robert Pelletreau about it in an International Relations Committee hearing on the Clinton administration's economic boycott of Iran.
Rohrabacher, who spend much of the recent congressional recess traveling in Asia, said he heard about the phony money from many people.  "Have you received and credible reports that the Iranians are counterfeiting American money" he asked.
Pelletreau, a normally unflappable career diplomat, looked "I know there is an intense investigation and campaign underway, led by the U.S. Secret Service to uncover all the sources of counterfeiting of American money abroad," he said.  "I just am personally not in a position to give you the exact details of what we believe Iranian involvement is in that."
"There are many leaders throughout the world... who believe that the American currency is being undermined by an intentional act of economic warfare on the part of the Iranian government... by counterfeiting billions of dollars' worth of U.S. currency," Rohrabacher said.  "Am I getting you right that basically you're not denying that this is going on?"
"I am not denying it," Pelletreau said.  The 1992 GOP report said the fake currency is being printed in the Iranian mint in Tehran, "using equipment and know-how purchased from the U.S. during the reign of the Shah," which ended in 1979....  A Wall Street Journal report at the time said that the phony bills-- whoever was making them-- were so good they could fool sophisticated currency-
handling equipment at the Federal Reserve.
 and Money Laundering Deterrence act of 1995
Patrick Leahy
I rise today to introduce the Counterfeiting and Money laundering Deterrence Act of 1995.
A number of analysts believe the threat to the U.S. currency is urgent. News reports say that intelligence experts in the U.S. and Israel are aware of a highly skilled group of counterfeiter operating out of Lebanon's Bekaa Valley.  The counterfeiters, controlled by Syria and Iran, have turned out as much as $1 billion of the extremely high-quality reproductions of the U.S. $100 bill.
First, the bills requires all existing $100 denomination U.S. currency to be exchanged within a 6-month period.  This would make drug traffickers who hoard vast amounts of hard currency hard-
pressed to convert their existing cash into the new money.  If they cannot exchange their funds in the specified time frame, their funds are worthless under the bill.
Second, the bill established two new versions of the $100 bill: one for use at home and one for use abroad.  The only business that relies on exporting large amounts of hard currency is drug trafficking.  This provision would make money smuggled out of the United States worthless, turning the tables on drug traffickers who covertly move money from the streets of this country to foreign bankers who launder it without reporting illicit transaction to the Treasury.
A U.S. citizen traveling abroad who wished to bring $100 currency with him would hardly be inconvenienced by this measure: a quick stop at a U.S. bank to convert their greenbacks into differently-
colored foreign-use bills would be all that is necessary-- just like purchasing travelers, checks.  The only ones who would be inconvienced would be drug traffickers who would hate to exchange their greenbacks for foreign use currency at a U.S. bank because of currency transaction reporting requirements.
 END ARTICLES
The presence of counterfeit bills, the legislation to defeat them, and the general sentiment of government in the matter is disturbing for a few reasons.
1.  Focus on Surveillance
The legislation adopted to defeat counterfeiting is linked with the four horsemen quite closely.  The solution, instead of making the bills difficult to forge like they should have been in the first place (U.S. bills are currently the easiest to forge of western nations- and counterfeit bills are long lived as currency changes are unheard of in the U.S.) is to create a regime where an additional tier of reporting is required.  It seems the first answer to every "problem" (read: every element which might allow citizen autonomy) now is to link it to money laundering and terrorism and drop a blanket solution over it which without fail includes highlevel reporting or tracking elements.  (Anyone seen this before with the... oh, I dunno, strong encryption issue?)
2.  The demonization of cash.
I have written here before on the increasing difficulty with which one uses cash without suspicion in the United States.  It has come to the point where money, in any amount, won't buy you everything anymore.  Many products and services are available ONLY by credit or credit card- and by extension, available only to traceable transactions.  Is it any wonder Americans have one of the lowest ratios of income to debt in the world today?  "They" would have you believe that cash is nothing but a tool for the four horsemen.  I am most disturbed in this context by the way the act is financed- i.e. by the extinguished obligations from unexchanged currency.  Does this measure sound ominous to anyone but me?
3.  The corruption of e-cash to further the above.
If the government is disturbed by the laundering of money enough to actually print, or even propose printing, two kinds of currency, how will they respond to untraceable, unaccountable and infinitely liquid e-cash?  I think the answer is in past behavior:  e-cash will be linked to the four horsemen and subjected to rigorous reporting requirements- systems which are true e-cash will be banned.  At the same time the widespread presence and use of e-cash will be used to question anyone who uses physical currency.  The death of cash continues as it were.  Why would anyone carry bills anymore when a plastic smartcard (or your highschool ring) is so much more convenient?  You must have something to hide.  No, good citizen units will WANT to use "e-
cash" because they are honest, and know the government means them no harm and is here to protect them from the four horsemen.
The cash is dead, long live the king.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-04 21:01:44
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
It's here already.
It's called "lotus notes."
Wait a few months.  Justice is boring of the investigation even now.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-05 14:11:36
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Forgery, bills, and the Four Horsemen (Articles and Comment) 
Perhaps true, but this assumes that the Chaum method is the only method, which I believe to be incorrect.  Perhaps I should use the term "future e-cash models" or "True Digital Cash."
Currently there is no "true" e-cash implemented (as far as I know), but this is part of the problem.
The product introduced to the public, the original market release
will be (is) traceable, why should the public expect anything different?  In
addition this is exactly what I was talking about in deterring the use of
"real" e-cash.  Real e-cash will be seen as an anomoly, a perversion of e-cash to make it sneaky for the four horsemen (or that's how I would play it to the public were I a statist).
Again, one more reason that "real" e-cash will be banned.  The public doesn't need it as an alternative is widely available.
This is the curse (or gift) of crippleware- its use as a diversion.
See also, Clipper
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-05 16:13:55
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: NSA says Joe Sixpack won't buy crypto 
No, it's just been so weak before the current implementation of RC4 (and note the export version still has 40 bits) that it might as well be nothing.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-05 20:57:27
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Growth of actions definded as crime. Which math formula? 
Really it's hard to answer this because what constitutes a "NEW" act is a real question in and of itself.
For example, wire fraud.  Is it a "NEW" crime?  Or just a subset of fraud, or mail fraud?
Carjacking... is that a new offense?  Or just a solidification and increase of punishment for armed robbery unauthorized use of a motor vehicle, possession of stolen property, and grand theft auto?
Check forgery now has it's own offense, but is this distinct from forgery?
Most "new offensives" are simply re-classifications of old offenses or efforts to move them into the federal arena.
I think the conception that entirely new acts are often made illegal (excepting burning the flag or some such) is an erronious one.
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.

@_date: 1995-09-05 23:01:11
@_author: Black Unicorn 
@_subject: Re: Growth of actions definded as crime. Which math formula? 
This is very rare.  It's mostly in definitional cases, for example, where Extacy was just not defined as a controlled substance some years ago.
Created crimes are few and far between.
There's a lot of jurisprudence.  Criminals are creative, but there are only so many things that can't be covered by "Fraud."
00B9289C28DC0E55 nemo repente fuit turpissimus - potestas scientiae in usu est
E16D5378B81E1C96 quaere verum ad infinitum, loquitur sub rosa    -    wichtig!
*New Key Information*    -    Finger for key revocation and latest key update.
